<div class="content-intro"><h2><span data-sheets-root="1">About Wolt</span></h2>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">At Wolt, we create technology that brings joy, simplicity and earnings to the neighborhoods of the world. In 2014 we started with delivery of restaurant food. Now we’re building the delivery of (almost) everything and you’ll find us in over 500 cities in 30 countries around the world. In 2022 we joined forces with DoorDash and together we keep on dreaming big and expanding across the globe.<br><br>Working at Wolt isn’t always easy, but it’s definitely exciting. Here you’ll learn more, build more, and ship more than in most other companies. You’ll be challenged a lot, but also have a lot of fun on the way. So, if you’re a self-starter with drive and entrepreneurial spirit, this could be the ride of your life.</span></p></div><p>We are looking for a Product Manager to join the Payments Group, Core Payments Team.</p>
<p>The Payments group builds and scales the infrastructure that powers every transaction on Wolt. This includes integrating with global payment providers, ensuring reliable and cost-efficient processing across countries, and driving innovations like digital wallets, installment payments, and localized methods. The Core Payments Team owns the foundations of this stack, making sure that Wolt’s payments platform is secure, scalable, and ready for the future.</p>
<p>The Product Manager for the Core Payments Team connects with country teams to understand payment cultures in local markets, facilitates business and technical discussions with providers like Stripe, and aligns with product, finance, and data teams on company-wide needs.</p>
<p>As a Product Manager, you will work with a cross-functional team of incredibly talented engineers, analysts, and product peers in a high visibility role. You will be responsible for defining the roadmap and setting the vision for our payments infrastructure. This involves leading multiple projects and cross-team product initiatives across the entire product lifecycle—partnering with operations, finance, and engineering stakeholders, while always keeping the end-user and business impact in focus.</p>
<p>📍This role is based our Tech Hub in London</p>
<h2><strong>Our humble expectations</strong></h2>
<p>You could come to this role from a multitude of different backgrounds, but ideally, you have&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>Proven experience as a Product Manager in fintech, payments, or other B2B platform products. You know how to build robust, scalable financial systems.</li>
<li>Track record of leading products from concept to launch—owning the vision, setting the strategy, shaping the roadmap, and delivering real results.</li>
<li>Skilled at working with cross-functional teams across product, engineering, data, and business—keeping people aligned and momentum strong.</li>
<li>High ownership mindset. Comfortable getting hands-on when needed, while also pushing complex initiatives beyond your immediate scope.</li>
<li>Strong blend of data fluency, technical depth, design intuition, and business judgment—grounded in a humble, entrepreneurial mindset.</li>
<li>Confident in high-visibility roles. Clear communicator who knows how to keep stakeholders aligned, even in messy or high-pressure situations</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Next steps</strong></h2>
<p>The position will be filled as soon as we find the right person, so make sure to apply as soon as you realize you really, really want to join us!</p>
<p>The compensation will be a negotiable combination of monthly pay and DoorDash RSUs. The latter makes it exceptionally easy to be excited about our company growing and doing well, as you’ll own a piece of the pie.</p>
<p><iframe src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/Ncz4s\_oBczc?si=FzuwoSOLcv5WZVRN" width="560" height="314"></iframe></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p><div class="content-conclusion"><h2><span data-sheets-root="1">Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion</span></h2>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">We’re committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. That’s why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.</span></p></div>