<div class="content-intro"><p>Elastic, the Search AI Company, enables everyone to find the answers they need in real time, using all their data, at scale — unleashing the potential of businesses and people. The Elastic Search AI Platform, used by more than 50% of the Fortune 500, brings together the precision of search and the intelligence of AI to enable everyone to accelerate the results that matter. By taking advantage of all structured and unstructured data — securing and protecting private information more effectively — Elastic’s complete, cloud-based solutions for search, security, and observability help organizations deliver on the promise of AI.</p></div><div><strong>What is The Role</strong><br><br>We are in search of a Solutions Architecture (Presales) Manager to lead our SA team across the UK. You will drive recruiting, hiring and enabling a diverse team who will strive to overachieve on our growth targets. As a member of our broader Sales Leadership team, you will assist in defining and executing the strategy for building a high-performance team and scaling our company. Key to your success will be your ability to foster and leverage the Elastic Community, adopt a bottom-up and "Cloud-first" approach with our users, and continually be thinking in terms of solutions, rather than products.</div>
<div><br><strong>What You Will Be Doing:</strong></div>
<ul>
<li>Lead, mentor and grow the Solutions Architecture (Sales Engineering) team.</li>
<li>Provide the growing team with onboarding support, training and self-directed education programs.</li>
<li>Drive the value proposition for Elastic Cloud within our community and customers.</li>
<li>Communicate and align key product insights across our business functions.</li>
<li>Help our Product and Engineering teams prioritize features that mean the most to our users.</li>
<li>Formulate and drive the partner engagement strategy to overachieve regional goals.</li>
</ul>
<div><strong>What We Are Looking For:</strong></div>
<ul>
<li>Success leading and growing a team of Solution Architects (Sales Engineers).</li>
<li>Evidence of the ability to articulate and sell the benefits of our platforms and technologies, primarily in the security space.</li>
<li>A strong grasp of distributed systems and architectures.</li>
<li>Ability to "own the room" while presenting and selling with audiences both large and small.</li>
<li>Player coach with a sincere interest in continuous growth in yourself and your team</li>
<li>Travel: 30-50% within the region</li>
</ul>
<div><strong>Bonus Points:</strong></div>
<ul>
<li>Experience in open source is a plus</li>
<li>Knowledge of Observability</li>
<li>Knowledge of Enterprise Search, Big Data, GenAI, Security preferred</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><h2><strong>Additional Information - We Take Care of Our People</strong></h2>
<p>As a distributed company, diversity drives our identity. Whether you’re looking to launch a new career or grow an existing one, Elastic is the type of company where you can balance great work with great life. Your age is only a number. It doesn’t matter if you’re just out of college or your children are; we need you for what you can do.</p>
<p>We strive to have parity of benefits across regions and while regulations differ from place to place, we believe taking care of our people is the right thing to do.</p>
<ul>
<li>Competitive pay based on the work you do here and not your previous salary</li>
<li>Health coverage for you and your family in many locations</li>
<li>Ability to craft your calendar with flexible locations and schedules for many roles</li>
<li>Generous number of vacation days each year</li>
<li>Increase your impact - We match up to $2000 (or local currency equivalent) for financial donations and service</li>
<li>Up to 40 hours each year to use toward volunteer projects you love</li>
<li>Embracing parenthood with minimum of 16 weeks of parental leave</li>
</ul>
<p>Different people approach problems differently. We need that. Elastic is an equal opportunity employer and is committed to creating an inclusive culture that celebrates different perspectives, experiences, and backgrounds. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, ethnicity, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender perception or identity, national origin, age, marital status, protected veteran status, disability status, or any other basis protected by federal, state or local law, ordinance or regulation.</p>
<p>We welcome individuals with disabilities and strive to create an accessible and inclusive experience for all individuals. To request an accommodation during the application or the recruiting process, please email <a href="mailto:candidate\_accessibility@elastic.co" target="\_blank">candidate\_accessibility@elastic.co</a><span class="gmail\_default">.</span>&nbsp;We will reply to your request within 24 business hours of submission.</p>
<p><span style="color: #000000;">Applicants have rights under Federal Employment Laws, view posters linked below:</span> <a href="https://www.dol.gov/sites/dolgov/files/WHD/legacy/files/fmlaen.pdf" target="\_blank">Family and Medical Leave Act (FMLA)</a> <span style="color: #000000;">Poster;</span><span style="color: #000000;">&nbsp;<a href="https://www.dol.gov/sites/dolgov/files/ofccp/pdf/pay-transp\_%20English\_formattedESQA508c.pdf" target="\_blank">Pay Transparency Nondiscrimination Provision</a> Poster; </span><a href="https://www.dol.gov/sites/dolgov/files/WHD/legacy/files/eppabw.pdf" target="\_blank">Employee Polygraph Protection Act (EPPA)</a> <span style="color: #000000;">Poster and <a href="https://www.dol.gov/sites/dolgov/files/OFCCP/regs/compliance/posters/pdf/22-088\_EEOC\_KnowYourRights.pdf" target="\_blank">Know Your Rights</a> (Poster)</span></p>
<p><span style="color: #000000;">Elasticsearch develops and distributes technology and information that is subject to U.S. and other countries’ export controls and licensing requirements for individuals who are located in or are nationals of the following sanctioned countries and regions: Belarus, Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Syria, or Russia, including the Ukrainian territories annexed by Russia (The Crimea region of Ukraine, The Donetsk People's Republic (DNR), The Luhansk People's Republic (LNR), Kherson or Zaporizhzhia). If you are located in or are a national of one of the listed countries or regions, an export license may be required as a condition of your employment in this role. Please note that national origin and/or nationality do not affect eligibility for employment with Elastic.</span></p>
<p>Please see&nbsp;<a href="https://www.elastic.co/legal/applicant-privacy-statement" target="\_blank" data-saferedirecturl="https://www.google.com/url?q=https://www.elastic.co/legal/applicant-privacy-statement&amp;source=gmail&amp;ust=1611068262479000&amp;usg=AFQjCNG3orAPk5sJIr9WVm0ZDxYw82c5DA">here</a>&nbsp;for our Privacy Statement.</p></div>