<div class="content-intro"><p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Every day, tens of millions of people come to Roblox to explore, create, play, learn, and connect with friends in 3D immersive digital experiences– all created by our global community of developers and creators.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">At Roblox, we’re building the tools and platform that empower our community to bring any experience that they can imagine to life. Our vision is to reimagine the way people come together, from anywhere in the world, and on any device.</span><strong> </strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re on a mission to connect a billion people with optimism and civility, and looking for amazing talent to help us get there.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">A career at Roblox means you’ll be working to shape the future of human interaction, solving unique technical challenges at scale, and helping to create safer, more civil shared experiences for everyone.</span></p></div><p>WHY ROBLOX?</p>
<p>Roblox is ushering in the next generation of entertainment, allowing people to imagine, create, and play together in immersive, user-generated worlds. We’re the one and only fastest-growing entertainment platform that lets anyone teach themselves how to code, publish, and monetize any experience imaginable—across any device—reaching millions of players across the globe.</p>
<p>As a Public Policy Director for India &amp; South Asia, you will be playing a key role in our engagement with Indian policymakers. The role will bolster our local strategy, including our participation in trade groups, work with NGOs, regulatory commitments and compliance, and proactive work to scale our business to best position Roblox for the future. You will be responsible for understanding our Community Rules and other policies and helping to develop and refine specific principles and policies. The ideal candidate will be able to work independently and remotely from HQ, as well as collaboratively with all internal stakeholders. You’re comfortable identifying policy issues, solving those issues, and bringing improved products to our players and creators. You believe in the value of in person, high touch meetings with policymakers.</p>
<p>You should be passionate about our mission, the gaming ecosystem, the community we serve, and the policy issues we need to address. Above all else, you appreciate that relationships often drive outcomes and work excellently and collaboratively with others.</p>
<p><strong>You Will:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Contribute to our comprehensive Public Policy strategy for India &amp; South Asia and implement related programs</li>
<li>Identify, monitor, and analyze policy issues affecting Roblox in India &amp; South Asia</li>
<li>Advise Roblox internal stakeholders on public policy matters as inputs to the development of our products and business operations</li>
<li>Articulate our public policy positions in briefing papers and consultation responses</li>
<li>Communicate with external stakeholders on behalf of Roblox on public policy topics</li>
<li>Communicate the public policies to all internal stakeholders at the company. Provide governance for and stakeholder updates on product policies</li>
<li>Ensure that Roblox stays in compliance with our product policies</li>
<li>Oversee and influence change necessary to achieve policy compliance objectives and foster a culture of compliance across the organization.</li>
<li>Work with external stakeholders, to understand and account for the views of external stakeholders about our product policies</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>You Have:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>A Bachelor's degree in Policy, Law, Media, Science, Engineering, Technology, or related field of study or equivalent.</li>
<li>10-15 years of experience as a Public Policy Leader at an internet, e-commerce, social, or gaming company</li>
<li>Experience working with policymakers, child safety groups and international organizations</li>
<li>Seamlessly with cross-functional teams consisting of business operations, financial and legal stakeholders</li>
<li>Experience with project/program management and able to keep multiple concurrent deliverables moving forward on schedule</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>You Are:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Passionate about public policy issues, domestic and international</li>
<li>A dynamic and engaging presenter with stellar written and oral delivery across multiple platforms, live and virtual</li>
<li>Willing to be on the road when necessary for outreach meetings and programs</li>
<li>An excellent written and oral communicator</li>
<li>Detail-oriented, with strong communication, planning and organizational skills</li>
<li>Collaborative, with strong relationship building skills to get things done in partnership with other groups</li>
<li>Self-directed, with the ability to define your own work and processes</li>
<li>Low drama, and treat everyone like a client regardless of level</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><p>Roles that are based in an office are onsite Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thursday, with optional presence on Monday and Friday (unless otherwise noted).</p>
<p>Roblox provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any type without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws. Roblox also provides reasonable accommodations to candidates with qualifying disabilities or religious beliefs during the recruiting process.</p>
<p>For US based roles only, please note the Company may not be able to employ candidates for this role who have United States work authorization related to certain U.S. visa categories, or support future H-1B sponsorship at this time.</p></div>