<p><strong>This is Adyen</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Adyen provides payments, data, and financial products in a single solution for customers like Meta, Uber, H&amp;M, and Microsoft - making us the financial technology platform of choice. At Adyen, everything we do is engineered for ambition.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">For our teams, we create an environment with opportunities for our people to succeed, backed by the culture and support to ensure they are enabled to truly own their careers. We are motivated individuals who tackle unique technical challenges at scale and solve them as a team. Together, we deliver innovative and ethical solutions that help businesses achieve their ambitions faster.</span></p>
<p><strong>As a Senior Java Developer in Payments</strong></p>
<p><strong>You'll have the opportunity to:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Work in a platform which process tens of millions payments per day</li>
<li>Be involved in solutions to provide payments solution to the world's leading companies such as: Facebook, Uber, Spotify, Dafiti, 99Taxis, Rappi and many more</li>
<li>Integrate to mostly used payment methods in the world, ex.: Visa and Mastercard, but not limiting to those</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>What you’ll do</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Design, implement, test and monitor new features</li>
<li>Identify and improve parts of the platform to make it more robust and scalable</li>
<li>Collaborate across teams and time zones to make things happen, review code and be open to feedback</li>
<li>Communicating with stakeholders and merchants and monitoring the impact of new features</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Who you are</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>High skilled with Java</li>
<li>Familiar with complex and high performance platform</li>
<li>Able to coach and train other developers</li>
<li>Someone with these skills: eye for detail, taking ownership, flexible and a team player</li>
<li style="font-weight: bold;"><strong>Able to communicate in English and Portuguese (Both fluent)</strong></li>
<li><strong>This role is based out of our Sao Jose dos Campos office (3 days in person)</strong></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Our Diversity, Equity and Inclusion commitments&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Our unique approach is a product of our diverse perspectives. This diversity of backgrounds and cultures is essential in helping us maintain our momentum. Our business and technical challenges are unique, and we need as many different voices as possible to join us in solving them - voices like yours. No matter who you are or where you’re from, we welcome you to be your true self at Adyen.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Studies show that women and members of underrepresented communities apply for jobs only if they meet 100% of the qualifications. Does this sound like you? If so, Adyen encourages you to reconsider and apply. We look forward to your application!</span></p>
<p><strong>What’s next?</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Ensuring a smooth and enjoyable candidate experience is critical for us. We aim to get back to you regarding your application within 5 business days. Our interview process tends to take about 4 weeks to complete, but may fluctuate depending on the role. </span><a href="https://careers.adyen.com/how-we-hire"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Learn more about our hiring process here</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">. Don’t be afraid to let us know if you need more flexibility.</span></p>
<p><strong>We are an office-first company and value in-person collaboration; we do not offer remote-only roles.</strong></p>