At Layup Parts, **our mission is simple: deliver composite parts faster**. We’re not just another composites shop—we’re a technology-first manufacturing startup that’s revolutionizing how composite tooling and parts are made for the aerospace, defense, and motorsports industries. Our customers are developing tomorrow's high-tech products, and we are building technology to accelerate their success.

We design, machine, laminate, and build at industry-leading speeds.  Now we’re looking for a highly motivated Electrical Engineering Interns to join our team as members of our growing engineering division that is building out our automated factory.

## Why You’ll Love This Internship:

- Work on factory machinery and industrial equipment.
- Help design, retrofit and commission robots and other automated systems.
- Learn by doing in a startup environment that values your input.
- Collaborate with production, manufacturing and engineering team members to solve tough problems.
- Build technology that’s changing how composites parts get made for aerospace and defense clients.

## What you will do:

- Help build out our automated factory.
- Get the chance to learn electrical systems engineer, control design and robotics.
- Collaborate with the software engineering team and mechanical design team.

## Required:

- **Being awesome! Be the kind of person you want to work with!**
- Be a strong engineer of exceptional ability, driven by engineering fundamentals.
- Ability to quickly understand and navigate complex systems.

## Preferred:

- Electrical systems design experience.
- Robotic systems experience.
- Experience regarding manufacturing or part design (especially composites).
- Good understanding of the mechanical and manufacturing world.

**Equal Opportunity**

Layup is an equal-opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will be treated with respect and receive equal consideration for employment without regard to race, color, creed, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, uniform service, Veteran status, age, or any other protected characteristic per federal, state, or local law, including those with a criminal history, in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable state and local laws, including the CA Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance.

**ITAR Requirements**

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C. § 1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C. § 1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR [here](https://www.pmddtc.state.gov/?id=ddtc_kb_article_page&sys_id=24d528fddbfc930044f9ff621f961987).