<div class="content-intro"><h3>ABOUT TIDE</h3>
<p>At Tide we help SMEs save time (and money) in the running of their businesses by not only offering business accounts and related banking services, but also a comprehensive set of highly usable and connected administrative solutions from invoicing to accounting.</p>
<p>Tide is transforming the small business banking market with over 1.8 million members globally across the UK, India, Germany and France.</p>
<p>Using advanced technology, all solutions are designed with SMEs in mind. With quick onboarding, low fees and innovative features, we thrive on making data-driven decisions to serve our mission: to help SMEs save both time (and money) so they can get back to doing what they love.</p>
<p><strong>Tide facts:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Tide is available for UK, Indian, German and French SMEs</li>
<li>Over 1.8 million members: 800,000 UK and 1,000,000 in India and growing rapidly</li>
<li>Over $300 million raised in funding</li>
<li>Over 2,500 Tideans globally - we’re diversity champions!</li>
<li>We have offices in Central London, with a member support and technology centre in Sofia, Bulgaria, technology centres in Serbia, Romania, Lithuania and Hyderabad and offices in Gurugram and New Delhi, and in Berlin, Paris and Luxembourg.</li>
</ul></div><p>&nbsp;</p>
<h3>ABOUT THE TEAM:&nbsp;</h3>
<p>Tide launched its first insurance products to market in 2025 in the UK and India. Insurance is a core SME need and Tide is uniquely positioned to offer tailored and comprehensive cover to our members.&nbsp;Our Insurance team is relatively new and we are rapidly hiring to fill business-critical roles and build a world-class offering for our members.</p>
<h3>ABOUT THE ROLE:&nbsp;</h3>
<ul>
<li><strong>Own the design vision </strong>for a core business area within the Tide platform, ensuring a cohesive and frictionless customer experience that integrates seamlessly with our broader ecosystem.</li>
<li><strong>Collaborate cross-functionally&nbsp;</strong>with Product Managers, Engineers, UX Writers, and User Researchers to turn complex business problems into elegant design solutions.</li>
<li><strong>Drive the end-to-end design process</strong>, from initial discovery, journey mapping, and research to the execution of final high-fidelity designs.</li>
<li><strong>Cultivate a deep understanding of our members&nbsp;</strong>by leading research sessions, analyzing usage data, and framing the "what, why, and how" of the problems we solve.</li>
<li><strong>Champion a user-centric culture</strong>, advocating for member needs within Product and Engineering teams and demonstrating the strategic value of a Design Thinking approach.</li>
<li><strong>Evolve the Tide Design System</strong>, working within—and contributing to—our shared principles and component libraries to ensure brand consistency.</li>
</ul>
<h3><br>WHAT WE ARE LOOKING FOR:&nbsp;</h3>
<p>We're seeking a curious and talented Lead Product Designer with a passion for exceptional customer experiences and the skills to bring them to life. The impact and scope of this role are huge, and you’ll be a key contributor to our continued success as we shape the future of our financial platform for Small &amp; Medium-sized Enterprises.</p>
<ul>
<li><strong>Experience: </strong>Minimum 6 years of relevant experience in Product Design, ideally within a SaaS, Fintech, or high-growth scale-up environment.</li>
<li><strong>Leadership:</strong> A proven track record of leading design workstreams and mentoring or managing junior designers.</li>
<li><strong>Complexity:</strong> Experience designing for complex user flows, business tools, or financial / insurance services.</li>
<li><strong>Methodology:</strong> In-depth knowledge of User Experience and Product Design methodologies, with experience facilitating workshops and design sprints.</li>
<li><strong>Technical Skills:&nbsp;</strong>Expert-level proficiency in Figma and advanced prototyping tools.</li>
<li><strong>Agility:</strong> Comfortable working in an agile environment and navigating the ambiguity of a rapidly scaling business.</li>
<li><strong>Data-Informed:&nbsp;</strong>A data-driven approach to design, with experience using tools like Looker, Heap, GA, or Hotjar to inform and validate decisions.</li>
<li><strong>Education:&nbsp;</strong>A relevant Bachelor’s degree or equivalent professional experience.</li>
</ul>
<h3><br>WHAT YOU’LL GET IN RETURN:&nbsp;</h3>
<ul>
<li>The gross monthly salary for this position ranges from 5970 € - 7,460 €, depending on your skills, and experience. But we are also open to discussing the salary further, taking into account your expertise and contributions.</li>
<li>MELP - flexible benefit app (50 EUR per month accruing) (does not include Health Insurance)</li>
<li>25 days paid annual leave</li>
<li>3 paid days off for volunteering or L&amp;D activities</li>
<li>Parental Leave days (according to statutory)</li>
<li>Family-Friendly Leave (according to statutory + extended from Tide)</li>
<li>Personal L&amp;D budget in the amount of 500 EUR per year</li>
<li>Mental wellbeing platform Plumm</li>
<li>WFH equipment allowance</li>
<li>Sabbatical Leave</li>
<li>Share options</li>
<li>Team Events</li>
</ul>
<h3>TIDEAN WAYS OF WORKING</h3>
<p>At Tide, we champion a <strong>flexible workplace </strong>model that<strong> </strong>supports both in-person and remote work to cater to the specific needs of our different teams.&nbsp;</p>
<p>While remote work is supported, we believe in the power of face-to-face interactions to foster team spirit and collaboration. Our offices are designed as hubs for innovation and team-building, where we encourage regular in-person gatherings to foster a strong sense of community.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p><div class="content-conclusion"><h3>TIDE IS A PLACE FOR EVERYONE</h3>
<p>At Tide, we believe that we can only succeed if we let our differences enrich our culture. Our Tideans come from a variety of backgrounds and experience levels. We consider everyone irrespective of their ethnicity, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, family or parental status, national origin, veteran, neurodiversity or differently-abled status. We celebrate diversity in our workforce as a cornerstone of our success. Our commitment to a broad spectrum of ideas and backgrounds is what enables us to build products that resonate with our members’ diverse needs and lives.&nbsp;</p>
<p>We are One Team and foster a transparent and inclusive environment, where everyone’s voice is heard.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><em>At Tide, we thrive on diversity, embracing various backgrounds and experiences. We welcome all individuals regardless of ethnicity, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, or disability. Our inclusive culture is key to our success, helping us build products that meet our members' diverse needs. We are One Team, committed to transparency and ensuring everyone’s voice is heard.</em></p>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section">&nbsp;</div>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section"><strong>Disclaimer</strong></div>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section">&nbsp;</div>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section"><em>It has come to our attention that individuals or agencies are falsely claiming to represent Tide and are reaching out to candidates regarding job opportunities. Please be aware that:</em></div>
<ul class="p-rich\_text\_list p-rich\_text\_list\_\_bullet p-rich\_text\_list--nested" data-stringify-type="unordered-list" data-list-tree="true" data-indent="0" data-border="0">
<li style="font-style: italic;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><em>Tide does&nbsp;<strong data-stringify-type="bold">not</strong>&nbsp;charge any fees at any stage of the recruitment process.</em></li>
<li style="font-style: italic;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><em>All official Tide job opportunities are listed exclusively on our&nbsp;<a href="https://www.tide.co/careers/" target="\_blank"><strong data-stringify-type="bold">Careers Page</strong></a>&nbsp;and applications should be submitted through this channel.</em></li>
<li style="font-style: italic;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><em>Communication from Tide will only come from an official&nbsp;<strong data-stringify-type="bold">@tide</strong><strong data-stringify-type="bold">.co</strong>&nbsp;email address.</em></li>
<li style="font-style: italic;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><em>Tide does not work with agencies or recruiters without prior formal engagement, and we do not authorize third parties to make job offers on our behalf.</em></li>
</ul>
<p><em>If you are contacted by anyone misrepresenting Tide or requesting payment, please treat it as fraudulent and report it to us immediately at <a href="mailto:talent@tide.co" target="\_blank">talent@tide.co</a><br>Your safety and trust are important to us, and we are committed to ensuring a fair and transparent recruitment process.</em></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><em><em data-stringify-type="italic">Tide leverages AI to enhance our hiring experience. You can read more about how we use AI in our recruitment process in our <a href="https://assets.ctfassets.net/3h69mkdgxn20/5MFtWSdG8YLKq3jZkK52NY/3f18633073e6cdbd03bba4b9791c64f4/Using\_AI\_throughout\_the\_Hiring\_Process.pdf" target="\_blank">AI Policy</a>.</em></em></p>
<p><em><em data-stringify-type="italic">Your personal data will be processed by Tide for recruitment purposes and in accordance with </em><em data-stringify-type="italic"><a class="c-link" href="https://assets.ctfassets.net/3h69mkdgxn20/4TE0uAE3SXomATDVneocNA/aa31893960b4064dd406ad15d029dcd3/Recruitment\_Privacy\_Notice.pdf" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://assets.ctfassets.net/3h69mkdgxn20/1MYf6q4ZMWugpeaROVETBN/526e9c160a2de03576413c81657c6466/Recruitment\_Privacy\_Notice\_\_Final\_Draft\_\_Sep\_2024\_.pdf" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">Tide's Recruitment Privacy Notice</a></em><em data-stringify-type="italic">.</em></em></p></div>