<p><strong>This is Adyen</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Adyen provides payments, data, and financial products in a single solution for customers like Meta, Uber, H&amp;M, and Microsoft - making us the financial technology platform of choice. At Adyen, everything we do is engineered for ambition.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">For our teams, we create an environment with opportunities for our people to succeed, backed by the culture and support to ensure they are enabled to truly own their careers. We are motivated individuals who tackle unique technical challenges at scale and solve them as a team. Together, we deliver innovative and ethical solutions that help businesses achieve their ambitions faster.</span></p>
<p><strong>Frontend Developer</strong></p>
<p>One of our main goals at Adyen is to build the most customer-oriented solution on the planet. We want to enable peer-to-peer marketplaces, on-demand services, crowdfunding platforms, and other platform business models to maximize their competitive advantage through integrated financial products and services.</p>
<p>To achieve this goal, we want to allow all our customers to maximize revenue recovery and reduce operational complexity related to payment disputes by providing the most complete, intelligent and automatable dispute management solutions.</p>
<p><strong>What you’ll do</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>You will be working on Global products (Disputes)</li>
<li>You will help to design, build and release our new components</li>
<li>You will be responsible for the full lifecycle of development. This includes communicating with stakeholders (product owners, product designers, account managers, merchants, e.g.), testing, iterating purposefully, and monitoring the impact of your projects</li>
<li>You will work on new features and focus on improving the developer experience of our solutions by working closely with our product team and supporting our operational teams and platforms</li>
<li>You will have the freedom to identify and improve parts of the product to make it more consistent, robust, and scalable&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Who you are</strong></p>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: bold;"><strong>You're a Software Engineer with 4+ years of experience in Javascript and Javascript frameworks</strong></li>
<li style="font-weight: bold;"><strong>Experience with Vue 3 is a differential<br></strong></li>
<li><strong>You have full professional proficiency (written and verbal) in English</strong></li>
<li><strong>Availability to work 3 days in person in São José dos Campos/SP</strong></li>
<li>You recognize yourself in the Adyen Formula: being open-minded, having a proactive attitude, and always trying to make things work while keeping the bigger picture in mind</li>
<li>You actively share your knowledge and enthusiasm to develop yourself and your team and are comfortable with asking for and receiving constructive feedback&nbsp;</li>
<li>You independently gather technical requirements and create a plan to execute those requirements</li>
<li>You're a collaborative team player; you like connecting and communicating with your team members and other stakeholders to achieve the best solution possible</li>
<li>Payments experience and disputes, chargeback management experience is a plus.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Note:</strong> This position is based at our office in São José dos Campos/SP, Brazil.</p>
<p><strong>Office First Culture:</strong> We love working together! Due to our <strong>hybrid work model,</strong> we expect you to come to the office three days per week and work remotely twice.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Our Diversity, Equity and Inclusion commitments&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Our unique approach is a product of our diverse perspectives. This diversity of backgrounds and cultures is essential in helping us maintain our momentum. Our business and technical challenges are unique, and we need as many different voices as possible to join us in solving them - voices like yours. No matter who you are or where you’re from, we welcome you to be your true self at Adyen.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Studies show that women and members of underrepresented communities apply for jobs only if they meet 100% of the qualifications. Does this sound like you? If so, Adyen encourages you to reconsider and apply. We look forward to your application!</span></p>
<p><strong>What’s next?</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Ensuring a smooth and enjoyable candidate experience is critical for us. We aim to get back to you regarding your application within 5 business days. Our interview process tends to take about 4 weeks to complete, but may fluctuate depending on the role. </span><a href="https://careers.adyen.com/how-we-hire"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Learn more about our hiring process here</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">. Don’t be afraid to let us know if you need more flexibility.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This role is based out of our São José dos Campos office. We are an office-first company and value in-person collaboration; we do not offer remote-only roles.</span></p>