<div class="content-intro"><p><strong data-stringify-type="bold">Why work at Nebius<br></strong>Nebius is leading a new era in cloud computing to serve the global AI economy. We create the tools and resources our customers need to solve real-world challenges and transform industries, without massive infrastructure costs or the need to build large in-house AI/ML teams. Our employees work at the cutting edge of AI cloud infrastructure alongside some of the most experienced and innovative leaders and engineers in the field.</p>
<p><strong>Where we work<br></strong>Headquartered in Amsterdam and listed on Nasdaq, Nebius has a global footprint with R&amp;D hubs across Europe, North America, and Israel. The team of over 1400 employees includes more than 400 highly skilled engineers with deep expertise across hardware and software engineering, as well as an in-house AI R&amp;D team.</p></div><h3><strong><span data-contrast="auto">The role</span></strong></h3>
<p>Our CloudGate team is responsible for the software side of external network connectivity in our Cloud. We're building a traffic delivery system for a variety of scenarios: IPv4 connectivity, Cloud Interconnect, Egress NAT, and a network load balancer. They serve tens of millions of packets per second.</p>
<p>We have a control plane microservice architecture with gRPC transport and our own Database as our data warehouse.<strong><br></strong></p>
<p><strong>What we do:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Increase service scalability</li>
<li>Developing service functionality with support for service endpoints and expansion of health check types</li>
<li>Improve the internal architecture, optimizing interaction with related services<strong>&nbsp;</strong></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>In this position, your responsibility will be to</strong>:</p>
<ul>
<li>Developing a data plane for Nebius Cloud network services</li>
<li>Improve service performance and reliability</li>
<li>Automate complex cross-service interaction scenarios</li>
<li>Perform load testing for services</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>We expect you to have</strong><strong>:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Capable of writing reliable, high-performance code</li>
<li>Proficient in C and ready to learn Go/C++</li>
<li>Familiar with routing network traffic</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>It would be an added bonus if you had</strong><strong>:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Worked with VPP, DPDK, and the Linux kernel network subsystem</li>
<li>Well-versed in virtual networks and overlays, SDN, NFV, DPI, network protocols, routing and tunneling, BGP, and MPL</li>
</ul>
<p><span data-ccp-props="{}"><em data-stringify-type="italic">We conduct coding interviews as part of the process.</em></span></p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>What we offer</strong>&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>Competitive salary and comprehensive benefits package.</li>
<li>Opportunities for professional growth within Nebius.</li>
<li>Flexible working arrangements.</li>
<li>A dynamic and collaborative work environment that values initiative and innovation.</li>
</ul>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">We’re growing and expanding our products every day. If you’re up to the challenge and are excited about AI and ML as much as we are, join us!</span></p></div>