## About tonies:

<p>Tonies is the world’s largest interactive audio platform for children with around 7.8 million Tonieboxes and more than 95 million Tonies figurines sold. The intuitive and award-winning audio system has changed the way young children play and learn independently with its child-safe, wireless, and screen-free approach. Tonieboxes have been activated in over 100 countries, the content portfolio includes more than 1,100 Tonies figurines in several languages. Since its inception, tonies has achieved significant milestones, including listing on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange in November 2021 as well as a globally present team of over 550 dedicated professionals operating from various countries.</p><p>Joining our tonies team means being part of an inspiring mission to create innovative and meaningful experiences for children around the world. Together, we’re shaping the future of play, learning, and imagination.</p>

## You as part of tonies:

<p>At Tonies, we’re on a mission to bring the magic of audio to children everywhere. To support our rapid growth, we’re looking for a Commercial Finance Manager with exceptional analytical skills and a strategic mindset. This role will be instrumental in shaping our UK financial strategy, optimising profitability, and driving commercial success. If you’re a commercial minded finance professional with a passion for data-driven decision-making, collaboration, and innovation, we’d love to hear from you! </p>

## Your tasks and responsibilities will include:

<ul><li><p>Develop and implement financial models to support strategic decision-making, commercial planning, and growth initiatives.</p></li><li><p>Analyse sales performance, revenue streams, and market trends, identifying key profitability drivers and opportunities for expansion.</p></li><li><p>Provide commercial insights and recommendations to senior stakeholders to optimise business performance.</p></li><li><p>Support and enhance budgeting, forecasting, and variance analysis to drive financial accountability and operational efficiency.</p></li><li><p>Partner with Sales, Marketing, and Operations teams to optimise pricing strategies, improve unit economics, and maximise commercial success.</p></li><li><p>Prepare detailed financial reports and presentations, translating complex data into clear, actionable insights for the leadership team, including building KPI dashboards, investment appraisals and business cases. </p></li><li><p>Conduct market, competitor, and customer analysis to inform strategic business decisions, including product launches and expansion opportunities.</p></li><li><p>Lead cost analysis and margin optimisation efforts, ensuring sustainable growth while maintaining financial efficiency.</p></li><li><p>Build cross-functional relationships with colleagues to ensure that the "Full P&amp;L" perspective comes through clearly. This role is all about understanding how everything fits together and helping keep the business informed on this.</p></li></ul>

## What we are looking for:

<ul><li><p>Proven experience as a Commercial Finance Manager or in a similar role, ideally within consumer goods, retail, or entertainment.</p></li><li><p>Strong proven financial modelling, sales forecasting, and commercial analysis expertise.</p></li><li><p>Passionate about using data to drive strategic business decisions and enhance profitability.</p></li><li><p>Exceptional communication and business partnering skills, able to collaborate effectively across departments.</p></li><li><p>Highly adaptable and agile, thriving in a fast-growing, evolving business environment while managing multiple priorities.</p></li><li><p>Advanced Excel skills with experience building accurate financial models from scratch; experience with SAP, Power BI, or other reporting tools is a plus.</p></li><li><p>A problem solver with a commercial mindset, able to translate complex financial data into strategic recommendations.</p></li><li><p>Confident, proactive, and detail-oriented, with the ability to challenge and influence stakeholders at all levels.</p></li><li><p>Experience with ERP systems (e.g., Business Central, SAP, Oracle) and other financial software applications.</p></li><li><p>A professional finance qualification with proven post-qualification experience in FP&amp;A and or Commercial Finance.</p></li></ul>

## Why tonies?

<p><strong>Flexibility</strong> – Hybrid working with two days in the London office, up to 30 days working abroad, and Summer Hours (June-August)..</p><p><strong>Time Away</strong> – 30 days annual leave + bank holidays, 3 Wellbeing Days, paid sick leave, bereavement leave, volunteering day plus bank holiday swaps and more.</p><p><strong>Health &amp; Wellbeing</strong> – Private medical insurance via Vitality, mental health support with our Employee Assistance Program, life assurance (4x salary), free Calm subscription, Specsavers eye test voucher, lunch on Tasty Tuesday and more. </p><p><strong>Financial &amp; Career Growth</strong> – Competitive salary, pension match up to 4%, £200 learning &amp; development budget, and Babbel subscription.</p><p><strong>Family &amp; Lifestyle Perks</strong> – Enhanced maternity &amp; paternity leave, Tonies gifts for major life events, and exclusive staff discounts.</p><p><strong>Equity and Diversity</strong></p><p>At tonies, we’re passionate about sparking imagination and joy in childhood—and that same energy drives how we build our team. We believe everyone should feel empowered to grow, contribute, and thrive, both at work and in life. That’s why it’s important for tonies to create an environment where all voices are heard, valued and respected, regardless of background or experience. Our stories, content, I&amp;D Champion Group and tonies team are shaped by a wide range of perspectives, and we actively seek out individuals who bring fresh ideas and unique experiences to the table. </p><p>Tonies is committed to fostering an inclusive and accessible experience for all candidates. If you need any accommodations to support you during the recruitment process, please contact your Recruitment Partner. </p><p>Ready to join us? Apply today to help us create joyful moments for children and families worldwide.</p>