**bonial helps you save time, money and paper!**

We are a digital advertising partner for offline businesses - we support retailers in their marketing activities and help them find a new audience. **Would you like to join and be a part of digitalisation of retail?**

bonial is part of Axel Springer SE and is disrupting the retail landscape as the leading "Drive to Store" partner in Germany and France. Through our platforms "[kaufDA](https://www.kaufda.de)" and "[MeinProspekt](https://www.meinprospekt.de)" in Germany, and “[Bonial](https://www.bonial.fr)” in France, we connect millions of users with their favorite shops and brands—driving real impact every single day.  
We are in the midst of an exciting growth phase, scaling fast and transforming the way people discover retail. At bonial, we thrive in a high-performance, fast-paced environment fueled by motivated, results-driven individuals who are passionate about making a difference. If you’re looking to be part of a dynamic team that’s shaping the future of retail, we’d love to meet you.  
bonial welcomes both **full- and part-timers!**

We are looking for a **People Business Partner (x/f/m)** to join our People & Culture team as a parental leave cover. You will report directly to the Co-Head of People & Culture and work closely with an experienced Business Partner team.

In this role, you will support several business areas, including members of the Executive Team, on all relevant people topics. From leadership questions to workforce planning and organizational changes, you will help our leaders make well-informed, strategic decisions and move their teams forward.

Please note: This role is a parental leave cover offering a **fixed-term contract from summer 2026 until July 2027.**

**Your responsibilities:**

* Act as a strategic sparring partner for designated business areas, translating business needs into effective company-wide People strategies
* Understand your business units well enough to identify patterns, risks and opportunities and turn those insights into concrete actions
* Work closely with our Works Council and negotiate framework agreements (*Betriebsvereinbarungen*) where needed
* Drive and implement People initiatives in areas such as leadership development, performance, and culture
* Support change processes and help teams navigate growth, restructuring or integration, for example, in the context of acquisitions
* Ensure that we apply our People standards consistently while staying pragmatic and business-oriented