<div class="content-intro"><p><strong><em>🚀 We’re on a mission to make money work for everyone.</em></strong></p>
<p>We’re waving goodbye to the complicated and confusing ways of traditional banking.</p>
<p>After starting as a prepaid card, our product offering has grown a lot in the last 10 years in the UK. As well as&nbsp;<a href="https://monzo.com/current-account/personal">personal</a> and <a href="https://monzo.com/business-banking">business</a> bank accounts, we offer <a href="https://monzo.com/current-account/joint-account">joint accounts</a>, <a href="https://monzo.com/current-account/16-17">accounts for 16-17 year olds</a>, a <a href="https://monzo.com/current-account/under-16s">free kids account</a> and <a href="https://monzo.com/flex">credit cards</a> in the UK, with more exciting things to come beyond. Our UK customers can also <a href="https://monzo.com/savings">save</a>, <a href="https://monzo.com/investments">invest </a>and&nbsp;<a href="https://monzo.com/pensions">combine their pensions</a> with us.&nbsp;</p>
<p>With our hot coral cards and get-paid-early feature, combined with financial education on social media and our award winning customer service, we have a long history of creating magical moments for our customers!</p>
<p>We’re not about selling products - we want to solve problems and change lives through Monzo ❤️</p>
<hr>
<p>&nbsp;</p></div><p>📍Cardiff, London or Remote (UK)&nbsp; | 💰 £76,500 to £95,000 + Incentive Awards tied to your performance +&nbsp;<a href="https://monzo.com/careers#benefits">Benefits&nbsp;</a>|&nbsp;<a href="https://monzo.com/blog/how-each-role-in-borrowing-data-allows-us-to-think-big-and-innovate">Data Team, Borrowing&nbsp;</a></p>
<p><strong>Our team</strong></p>
<p>Our Borrowing business is growing rapidly across both existing products and the planned launch of new initiatives. Flex is an innovative credit card that gives our customers unprecedented visibility and control over their spending, offering features like flexible instalment plans and instant app management. If you are passionate about using data and agile technology to solve real-world financial problems and create a genuine feel-good factor around borrowing, this is your chance to contribute to a product that is defining the future of flexible finance.</p>
<p>This is a high-impact, cross-functional environment where you’ll partner closely with Product, Engineering, Data Science, Finance, and Risk &amp; Control to deliver sustainable, profitable, and responsible growth across our credit card offerings.</p>
<p>You’ll operate at the intersection of credit risk, commercial performance, and customer experience, ensuring Monzo’s credit card products remain sustainable, competitive, and customer-focused as they scale.</p>
<p><strong>Your day-to-day</strong></p>
<p>As a Senior Credit Analyst, you’ll play a critical role in shaping Monzo’s credit strategy across credit card products. Your responsibilities will include:</p>
<ul>
<li>Design and refine credit underwriting and limit strategies to optimise risk and growth</li>
<li>Analyse portfolio performance (arrears, utilisation, revenue, losses, vintage curves) and identify actionable insights</li>
<li>Build and interpret NPV and profitability models to inform strategic decisions</li>
<li>Develop segmentation frameworks to identify revenue and risk pressure points</li>
<li>Lead analytical deep-dives into portfolio trends and emerging risks</li>
<li>Partner with Product and Engineering teams to design and test new features and strategy changes</li>
<li>Evaluate the commercial and customer impact of pricing, eligibility, and limit decisions</li>
<li>Present clear, structured recommendations to senior stakeholders</li>
<li>Support regulatory and governance requirements, ensuring strategies align with policy and risk appetite</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Locations &amp; flexible working:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>Our main tech hub is in London, but our data teams are based all over the UK — from Brighton to the Western Isles.</p>
<p>We love meeting in person, but there’s no pressure to come into the office, even if you’re nearby. You’ll do your best work where you feel most comfortable.</p>
<p>We value flexibility, connection, and wellbeing. You’ll have the freedom to work in a way that fits your life, whether that’s school drop-offs, avoiding rush hour, or making time for what matters most.</p>
<p>Work the way that works for you at Monzo! 💼</p>
<p><strong>You should apply if</strong></p>
<p>You have:</p>
<ul>
<li>Experience in unsecured lending, ideally within credit cards</li>
<li>A strong understanding of credit card economics (APR, utilisation, interchange, revolving behaviour, cost of funds, losses). Experience of modelling rewards cards is a plus.</li>
<li>Experience building or influencing credit strategies (e.g. underwriting, limit management, pricing)</li>
<li>Strong analytical and data capabilities, backed up by technical coding skills. SQL is a must-have, Python and Looker experience is a plus</li>
<li>Experience working with NPV models, profitability analysis, and portfolio forecasting</li>
<li>Confidence communicating complex analysis clearly to non-technical stakeholders</li>
<li>Experience collaborating cross-functionally in a fast-paced environment</li>
<li>An interest in balancing risk, growth, and customer outcomes</li>
</ul>
<p>We're on the look out for L40 Senior Credit Analysts at the moment, you can read more in our&nbsp;<a href="https://monzo.com/documents/data-progression-framework-v2-0.pdf">Data Progression Framework</a></p>
<p><strong>Interview process</strong></p>
<p>Our typical process is structured as:</p>
<ol>
<li>Recruiter call</li>
<li>Initial hiring manager call</li>
<li>Take-home task</li>
<li>Final interviews - (3x) including case study, role-specific, and behavioural interviews</li>
</ol>
<p>Our average process takes around 3-4 weeks but we will always work around your availability.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>What’s in it for you</strong></p>
<p>💰£76,500 to £95,000 + Incentive Awards tied to your performance + <a href="https://monzo.com/careers#benefits">Benefits&nbsp;</a></p>
<p>✈️ We can help you relocate to the UK</p>
<p>✅ We can sponsor visas</p>
<p>📍This role can be based in our London office, but we're open to distributed working within the UK (with ad hoc meetings in London).</p>
<p>⏰ We offer flexible working hours and trust you to work enough hours to do your job well, at times that suit you and your team.</p>
<p>📚 Learning budget of £1,000 a year for books, training courses and conferences</p>
<p>➕ And much more, see our full list of benefits<a href="https://monzo.com/careers/"> <strong>here</strong></a></p>
<p>#LI-LG1&nbsp; #LI-Remote</p><div class="content-conclusion"><hr>
<p><strong>Equal opportunities for everyone</strong></p>
<p>Diversity and inclusion are a priority for us and we’re making sure we have lots of support for all of our people to grow at Monzo. At Monzo, we’re embracing diversity by fostering an inclusive environment for all people to do the best work of their lives with us. This is integral to our mission of making money work for everyone. You can read more in our <a href="https://monzo.com/blog/diversity-and-inclusion">blog</a>, 2024 <a href="https://monzo.com/blog/our-2024-diversity-and-inclusion-report" target="\_blank">Diversity and Inclusion Report</a> and 2024 <a href="https://monzo.com/blog/an-update-on-our-gender-pay-gap-2024">Gender Pay Gap Report.</a></p>
<p>We’re an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be considered for employment without attention to age, ethnicity, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, family or parental status, national origin, or veteran, neurodiversity or disability status.</p>
<p>If you have a preferred name, please use it to apply. We don't need full or birth names at application stage 😊</p></div>