<div class="content-intro"><p>We are a global team of innovators and pioneers dedicated to shaping the future of observability. At New Relic, we build an intelligent platform that empowers companies to thrive in an AI-first world by giving them unparalleled insight into their complex systems. As we continue to expand our global footprint, we're looking for passionate people to join our mission. If you're ready to help the world's best companies optimize their digital applications, we invite you to explore a career with us!</p></div><p><strong>Senior Technical Success Manager</strong></p>
<p><strong>Your Opportunity:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Utilize strategy analytics to identify opportunities for optimization and improvement in client operations.</li>
<li>Build and maintain strong client relationships, serving as the primary point of contact.</li>
<li>Team player fostering a collaborative and high-performing work environment.</li>
<li>8+ years of experience in a technical or account management role, preferably in a consulting or agency environment.</li>
<li>Proven track record in strategy consultancy and analytics, with a focus on driving business outcomes.</li>
<li>Strong client relationship management skills, with the ability to communicate effectively with stakeholders at all levels.</li>
<li>Experience in team management and mentorship, fostering growth and development within the team.</li>
<li>Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills, with the ability to translate technical concepts into actionable insights.<br><br></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>What you'll do</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Serve as a trusted advisor to our customers, actively identifying and driving new customer opportunities that align with their business objectives.</li>
<li>Conduct comprehensive business reviews to gain insights into our customers specific business problems and challenges, and effectively communicate how New Relic&nbsp; can address those issues.</li>
<li>Successfully builds relationships with the account team, partners and customers in support of sales team objectives</li>
<li>Collaborate closely with the sales teams to understand customer behaviour, market trends, and competitive landscape, providing actionable insights to inform sales tactics.</li>
<li>Provide strategic consultancy to clients on leveraging technical solutions and identify the upsell and cross sell opportunity</li>
<li>Maintain accurate notes and feedback in CRM regarding customer input both wins and losses</li>
<li>Develop and deliver presentations, reports, and training sessions to clients and internal teams.</li>
<li>Stay abreast of industry trends and best practices, continually enhancing technical knowledge and skills.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>This role requires</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Excellent communication skills with the ability to convey complex findings to technical and non-technical stakeholders, particularly in the context of influencing sales strategies.</li>
<li>Analytical and process-oriented mindset</li>
<li>Driven – need for success, highly energetic with a strong hands-on, “can do” approach.</li>
<li>Very comfortable presenter of technical and business material to both small and large audiences</li>
<li>Someone with a minimum of 8+ years in a Sales Engineering or DevOps Engineering role</li>
<li>Someone with a can-do attitude to tackle challenges</li>
<li>Ability to speak English in a business-level proficiency<br><br></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Bonus Points:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Experience with Docker, Kubernetes</li>
<li>Experience in systems administration: Windows, Linux</li>
<li>Experience in observability solutions</li>
<li>Experience in OpenTelemetry</li>
<li>Knowledge in end-user interface: iOS, Android</li>
<li>Strong knowledge of infrastructurecurrent infrastructure and monitoring solutions and technologies.</li>
<li>Strong knowledge on the cloud platform AWS , Azure, GCP certification is preferred</li>
<li>Knowledge in architectural design of AI, MCP Server, and LLM/SLM</li>
</ul>
<p>#LI-AD1</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p>Fostering a diverse, welcoming and inclusive environment is important to us. We work hard to make everyone feel comfortable bringing their best, most authentic selves to work every day. We celebrate our talented Relics’ different backgrounds and abilities, and recognize the different paths they took to reach us – including nontraditional ones. Their experiences and perspectives inspire us to make our products and company the best they can be. We’re looking for people who feel connected to our mission and values, not just candidates who check off all the boxes.&nbsp;</p>
<p>If you require a reasonable accommodation to complete any part of the application or recruiting process, please reach out to <a href="mailto:resume@newrelic.com" target="\_blank">resume@newrelic.com</a>.</p>
<p>We believe in empowering all Relics to achieve professional and business success through a flexible workforce model. This model allows us to work in a variety of workplaces that best support our success, including fully office-based, fully remote, or hybrid.</p>
<p><strong>Our hiring process</strong><br><br>In compliance with applicable law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work and to complete employment eligibility verification. Note: Our stewardship of the data of thousands of customers means that a criminal background check is required to join New Relic.<br><br>We will consider qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records based on individual circumstances and in accordance with applicable law including, but not limited to, the&nbsp;<a href="https://sfgov.org/olse/sites/default/files/FCO%20poster2020.pdf" target="\_blank">San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance</a>.<br><br>Headhunters and recruitment agencies may not submit resumes/CVs through this website or directly to managers. New Relic does not accept unsolicited headhunter and agency resumes, and will not pay fees to any third-party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with New Relic.</p>
<p>New Relic develops and distributes encryption software and technology that complies with U.S. export controls and licensing requirements. Certain New Relic roles require candidates to pass an export compliance assessment as a condition of employment in any global location. If relevant, we will provide more information later in the application process.</p>
<p>Candidates are evaluated based on qualifications, regardless of race, religion, ethnicity, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender expression or identity, age, disability, neurodiversity, veteran or marital status, political viewpoint, or other legally protected characteristics.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Review our Applicant Privacy Notice at&nbsp;<a href="https://newrelic.com/termsandconditions/applicant-privacy-policy" target="\_blank">https://newrelic.com/termsandconditions/applicant-privacy-policy</a></p></div>