<h2><strong>Who we are</strong></h2>
<h3><strong>About Stripe</strong></h3>
<p>Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies—from the world’s largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyone’s reach while doing the most important work of your career.</p>
<h3><strong>About the team</strong></h3>
<p>Our Sales systems team is on a mission to build the most measurable, scalable agentic tools as well as transform seller tooling. As part of the Sales Systems team, you will lead a high-impact team building the systems that power prospecting workflows across our go-to-market motion. You’ll own the technical direction and delivery for tools and integrations that enable timely, personalized outreach, scalable list generation, accurate lead routing, and measurable pipeline creation. This role sits at the intersection of engineering, RevOps, Sales, Marketing, and Data — you’ll translate GTM priorities into reliable systems that materially increase SDR/BDR productivity and conversion.</p>
<h2><strong>What you’ll do</strong></h2>
<h3><strong>Responsibilities</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Work closely with product, program and business leaders to develop a long term vision and execute on sales systems strategy that scales seller motions.</li>
<li>Adapt prioritization and staffing decisions as the team, business, and user demands progress</li>
<li>Design and build delightful Stripe facing tooling and business critical services to support sales channel infrastructure.</li>
<li>Ensure our infrastructure is extensible, scalable, reliable, and meets SLAs for both external and internal users</li>
<li>Improve engineering standards, tooling, and processes.</li>
<li>Build, lead, and manage a high-performing team of engineers.&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Who you are</strong></h2>
<p>We’re looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.</p>
<h3><strong>Minimum requirements</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Have 8+ years of software engineering, including at least 1+ years of management experience</li>
<li>Organizational leadership experience, including experience collaborating with executive leadership</li>
<li>Experience proactively seeking feedback from users, business leaders, and subject matter experts</li>
<li>Excellent verbal and written communication</li>
<li>Support the engineering team in achieving a high level of technical quality, reliability, and ease-of-use</li>
<li>Manage processes to help the team do its best work and engage effectively with the rest of Stripe</li>
<li>Recruit great engineers, in collaboration with Stripe’s recruiting team</li>
<li>Develop engineers on the team, helping them advance in their careers</li>
<li>Contribute to engineering-wide initiatives as a member of Stripe’s engineering management team</li>
<li>Collaborate with stakeholders across engineering to provide a wonderful user experience</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>Preferred qualifications</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Experience in GTM domain owning seller automation platforms (like Salesforce) and other products that contribute to seller tech stack.</li>
<li>Experience with machine learning, recommender systems, lead to opportunity workflows and/or seller systems.</li>
<li>Experience developing/shaping internally and externally facing products</li>
<li>Experience building distributed systems or a microservices architecture</li>
<li>Bachelors or Masters degree in a technical field (e.g., Computer Science)</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>