<h4><strong>What You Will Do?</strong></h4>
<ul>
<li>Build out core infrastructure services and microservices that impact our machine learning, frontend, and platform teams.</li>
<li>Build out core infrastructure for various functionalities such as: distributed configuration management, rate limiting, feature flag, A/B testing, and traffic capture and replay.</li>
<li>Improve the performance, scalability and observability of the Moveworks cloud infrastructure.</li>
<li>Deliver deadline sensitive work regularly that is interdependent with other engineering teams.</li>
<li>Own features end-to-end, and regularly influence the infrastructure roadmap.</li>
</ul>
<h4><strong>What You Bring To The Table?</strong></h4>
<ul>
<li>8+ years of experience designing, building, shipping, and maintaining backend distributed systems.</li>
<li>Familiarity with Python/Golang/Java/C++.</li>
<li>Experience with containers/Docker, and with cloud infrastructure like AWS/GCP/Azure.</li>
<li>Desire to work at a startup pace with a high degree of ownership.</li>
<li>Experience solving for performance, optimization, scalability, latency, and monitoring.</li>
<li>Strong motivation, gumption, and an appetite for continuous, incremental changes and completing challenging projects quickly.</li>
<li>BS in computer science or a related field.</li>
<li>High level of curiosity about engineering outside of your immediate discipline and an incessant desire to learn.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p>\*Our compensation package includes a market competitive salary, equity for all full time roles, exceptional benefits, and, for applicable roles, commissions or bonus plans.&nbsp;<br>Ultimately, in determining pay, final offers may vary from the amount listed based on geography, the role’s scope and complexity, the candidate’s experience and expertise, and other factors.</p>
<p>Moveworks Is An Equal Opportunity Employer<br>\*Moveworks is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We provide employment opportunities without regard to age, race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, disability, sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, veteran status, or any other characteristics protected by law.</p>
<h4><strong>Who We Are&nbsp;</strong></h4>
<p>Moveworks is the Agentic AI Assistant platform that empowers the entire workforce.</p>
<p>Our platform enables employees to converse with all of their business systems through natural language to quickly find answers and automate tasks. Powered by the world's most advanced LLMs, our proprietary models, and a sophisticated Agentic AI platform, we're transforming how work gets done by allowing AI to take initiative, streamline complex workflows, and continuously learn and adapt.</p>
<p>Moveworks is trusted by over 5.5 million employees at more than 350 of the world’s largest companies, including 10% of the Fortune 500, to automate everyday tasks and streamline business operations. Recognized on the Forbes Cloud 100 and AI 50 lists, Moveworks was also named one of Fast Company’s 2025 Most Innovative Companies and Inc’s Best in Business, in the Best in Innovation category. Moveworks was also recognized at Microsoft’s 2025 Partner of the Year and in 2024, received the AI Breakthrough Award.</p>
<p>In December 2025, Moveworks was acquired by ServiceNow, marking a pivotal milestone in our journey to create a single front door to work for all business systems. By combining ServiceNow’s leading workflow automation with Moveworks’ Reasoning Engine and natural language capabilities, we deliver the AI platform for every person and every workflow. Built to go beyond basic summaries to deliver meaningful business impact. Together, our AI acts across enterprise systems to turn conversations into completed work.</p>
<p>By joining our team, you’ll be at the forefront of the AI transformation, backed by the global scale of ServiceNow and the agility of a high-growth company. We are looking for world-class talent to help us extend agentic AI to every employee across every corner of the business.<br><br>Come join us!</p>
<p><strong>ServiceNow<br><br></strong>It all started in sunny San Diego, California in 2004 when a visionary engineer, Fred Luddy, saw the potential to transform how we work. Fast forward to today — ServiceNow stands as a global market leader, bringing innovative AI-enhanced technology to over 8,100 customers, including 85% of the Fortune 500®. Our intelligent cloud-based platform seamlessly connects people, systems, and processes to empower organizations to find smarter, faster, and better ways to work. But this is just the beginning of our journey. Join us as we pursue our purpose to make the world work better for everyone.<br><br><br></p></div>