<div class="content-intro"><p>GitLab is the intelligent orchestration platform for DevSecOps. GitLab enables organizations to increase developer productivity, improve operational efficiency, reduce security and compliance risk, and accelerate digital transformation. More than 50 million registered users and more than 50% of the Fortune 100\* trust GitLab to ship better, more secure software faster.</p>
<p>The same principles built into our products are reflected in how our team works: we embrace AI as a core productivity multiplier, with all team members expected to incorporate AI into their daily workflows to drive efficiency, innovation, and impact. GitLab is where careers accelerate, innovation flourishes, and every voice is valued. Our high-performance culture is driven by our <a href="https://handbook.gitlab.com/handbook/values/">values</a> and continuous knowledge exchange, enabling our team members to reach their full potential while collaborating with industry leaders to solve complex problems. <a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OuZIb5zszQI">Co-create the future with us</a> as we build technology that transforms how the world develops software.</p>
<p>\*<em>Fortune 500® is a registered trademark of Fortune Media IP Limited, used under license. Claim based on GitLab data. Fortune 100 refers to the top 20% ranked companies in the 2025 Fortune 500 list, published in June 2025. Fortune and Fortune Media IP Limited are not affiliated with, and do not endorse products or services of GitLab.</em></p></div><h2><strong>Senior Professional Services, Engagement Manager - - MEA, Dubai</strong></h2>
<h2><strong>An overview of this role</strong></h2>
<p>As a Senior Professional Services Engagement Manager focused on the Middle East and Africa, you will play a critical role in driving GitLab’s growth in the region by structuring services engagements that create true partnership and shared success with our customers. You will lead efforts to design, position, and close outcome-oriented professional services engagements that translate complex DevSecOps and digital transformation initiatives into clear, measurable mission-critical outcomes.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Reporting to the Senior Manager of Engagement Management, EMEA, you will work at the intersection of technical solutioning and customer requirements, aligning each engagement to their unique needs and objectives.&nbsp; In your first year, you will build trusted advisor relationships with technical leaders and partners to help integrate professional services into account strategies from early discovery through successful delivery. This is a unique opportunity to shape large-scale implementations that improve how customers plan, build, secure, and operate software using GitLab.</p>
<h2><strong>Some examples of our projects</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Designing and structuring outcome-based professional services engagements that align GitLab capabilities to customers needs</li>
<li>Partnering with account executives, solutions architects, and delivery leaders to turn complex DevSecOps transformations into clear, actionable implementation roadmaps and statements of work</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>What you'll do</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Build trusted advisor relationships with division chiefs, program managers, and technical leaders&nbsp;</li>
<li>Conduct discovery sessions with with prospects and Systems Integrators to understand current-state capabilities, requirements and desired business outcomes</li>
<li>Design outcome-oriented services proposals that align GitLab capabilities with customer success metrics and objectives</li>
<li>Structure engagements and commercial proposals to clear outcomes maintaining flexibility for staff augmentation and packaged offerings when needed</li>
<li>Develop custom-scoped SOWs and staffing plans for complex implementations, engaging with technical architects and delivery leadership to ensure deliverability</li>
<li>Articulate GitLab's services value proposition, catalog offerings, and implementation methodologies in the context of customer requirements&nbsp;</li>
<li>Gain agreement on scope and price while guiding customers through commercial terms, procurement processes, and contracting structures</li>
<li>Manage project- and account-level escalations, ensuring rapid resolution and maintaining customer confidence</li>
<li>Position consulting, training, success tiers, and additional solutions proactively to ensure successful outcomes and long-term customer retention</li>
<li>Facilitate solutioning sessions including implementation roadmapping, enterprise strategy discussions, and executive-level requirements gathering</li>
<li>Drive measurable outcomes by structuring services that support customer success metrics, accurately forecasting services bookings, and tracking key performance indicators related to bookings, margin, and attachment to strategic opportunities.</li>
<li>Own the engagement lifecycle from initial discovery and pre-sales solutioning through scoping, SOW development, staffing alignment, and transition to delivery, ensuring engagements are deliverable, clearly defined, and outcome-oriented.</li>
<li>Influence cross-functional teams by articulating GitLab’s professional services value proposition in the context of federal requirements and compliance frameworks, and by feeding customer insights back into sales, delivery, and practice management.</li>
<li>Partner with regional sales and engagement leadership to prioritize and manage services opportunities that support critical deals and strategic initiatives, providing clear recommendations on risk management, negotiation strategies, and commercial structures.</li>
<li>Foster a culture of enablement and continuous improvement by training field teams on how to position and sell professional services by sharing trends, feedback, and suggestions that improve go-to-market content and operational processes.</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>What you'll bring</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Demonstrated progressive experience structuring, scoping, and selling professional services engagements in the region</li>
<li>Proven success operating in a pre-sales context, conducting discovery, designing outcome-oriented proposals, and developing custom statements of work (SOWs) and staffing plans for large, complex implementation projects.</li>
<li>Solid understanding of software development lifecycle (SDLC), DevOps practices, and cloud transformation initiatives, with the ability to connect technical solutions to mission objectives and measurable business outcomes.</li>
<li>Effective communication and interpersonal skills with executive presence, able to build trusted advisor relationships with division chiefs, program managers, contracting stakeholders, and senior technical leaders.</li>
<li>Highly developed facilitation, negotiation, and problem-solving skills, including the ability to guide customers through acquisition processes, commercial structures, and risk mitigation strategies.</li>
<li>Comfort working cross-functionally with sales, solutions architecture, delivery, and operations teams to align on deal strategy, staffing, and successful execution in a fast-paced environment.</li>
<li>Capacity to work autonomously and asynchronously in a fully remote setting, managing multiple complex opportunities while maintaining accurate forecasting and consistent alignment with GitLab values and goals.</li>
</ul>
<p>The Professional Services Engagement Management team at GitLab is dedicated to designing and structuring services engagements that set our customers up for successful, long-term adoption of our DevSecOps platform. We build and manage strategic relationships with customers to understand their goals, surface their services needs, and translate complex transformation initiatives into clear, outcome-oriented engagement plans. Composed of experienced services, consulting, and delivery professionals distributed across multiple regions, we operate asynchronously to support field teams, shape implementation strategies, and guide customers through their services journey. We focus on creating scalable engagement models, fostering open communication with internal stakeholders, and adapting our services offerings to the evolving needs of a rapidly maturing organization and its customers. For more on how our team works, see the<a href="https://about.gitlab.com/handbook/"> Professional Services Engagement Management handbook page</a>.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p><div class="content-conclusion"><h4><strong>How GitLab Supports Full-Time Employees</strong></h4>
<ul>
<li><a href="https://about.gitlab.com/handbook/total-rewards/benefits/general-and-entity-benefits/">Benefits to support your health, finances, and well-being</a></li>
<li><a href="https://handbook.gitlab.com/handbook/people-group/paid-time-off/">Flexible Paid Time Off</a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="https://about.gitlab.com/company/culture/inclusion/erg-guide/#:~:text=Definition%20of%20the%20TMRG%20%2D%20Team%20Member%20Resource%20Groups,-TMRGs%20are%20voluntary&amp;text=The%20purpose%20for%20this%20type,developing%20the%20sense%20of%20belonging.">Team Member Resource Groups</a></li>
<li><a href="https://handbook.gitlab.com/handbook/total-rewards/stock-options/">Equity Compensation &amp; Employee Stock Purchase Plan</a></li>
<li><a href="https://handbook.gitlab.com/handbook/people-group/learning-and-development/growth-and-development/">Growth and Development Fund</a></li>
<li><a href="https://about.gitlab.com/handbook/total-rewards/benefits/general-and-entity-benefits/#parental-leave">Parental leave</a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="https://handbook.gitlab.com/handbook/finance/expenses/#equipment">Home office</a> support</li>
</ul>
<p>Please note that we welcome interest from candidates with varying levels of experience; many successful candidates do not meet every single requirement. Additionally, studies have shown that people from <a href="https://about.gitlab.com/company/culture/inclusion/#examples-of-select-underrepresented-groups">underrepresented groups</a> are less likely to apply to a job unless they meet every single qualification. If you're excited about this role, please apply and allow our recruiters to assess your application.</p>
<hr>
<p><strong>Country Hiring Guidelines: </strong>GitLab hires new team members in countries around the world. All of our roles are remote, however some roles may carry specific location-based eligibility requirements. Our Talent Acquisition team can help answer any questions about location after starting the recruiting process.&nbsp;&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Privacy Policy: </strong>Please review our <a href="https://handbook.gitlab.com/handbook/hiring/candidate-faq/recruitment-privacy-policy/" target="\_blank">Recruitment Privacy Policy.</a> Your privacy is important to us.</p>
<p>GitLab is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. GitLab’s policies and practices relating to recruitment, employment, career development and advancement, promotion, and retirement are based solely on merit, regardless of race, color, religion, ancestry, sex (including pregnancy, lactation, sexual orientation, gender identity, or gender expression), national origin, age, citizenship, marital status, mental or physical disability, genetic information (including family medical history), discharge status from the military, protected veteran status (which includes disabled veterans, recently separated veterans, active duty wartime or campaign badge veterans, and Armed Forces service medal veterans), or any other basis protected by law. GitLab will not tolerate discrimination or harassment based on any of these characteristics. See also&nbsp;<a href="https://about.gitlab.com/handbook/people-policies/inc-usa/#equal-employment-opportunity-policy" target="\_blank">GitLab’s EEO Policy</a>&nbsp;and&nbsp;<a href="https://about.gitlab.com/handbook/labor-and-employment-notices/#eeoc-us-equal-employment-opportunity-commission-notices" target="\_blank">EEO is the Law</a>. If you have a disability or special need that requires&nbsp;<a href="https://about.gitlab.com/handbook/people-policies/inc-usa/#reasonable-accommodation" target="\_blank">accommodation</a>, please let us know during the&nbsp;<a href="https://about.gitlab.com/handbook/hiring/interviewing/#adjustments-to-our-interview-process" target="\_blank">recruiting process</a>.</p></div>