<p><strong>About this opportunity:</strong><strong><br></strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 300;">At Freenome, we are seeking a Senior Network Engineer with experience managing enterprise and data center network infrastructure. This person will be part of the team tasked with delivering the network infrastructure for Freenome’s HQ campus. Additionally, this person will be responsible to ensure Freenome’s network infrastructure is scalable and following industry best practices. The ideal candidate will have hands-on experience with enterprise network technologies, automation tools, and a background in managing secure network solutions.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 300;">The role reports to the Director, IT. This role will be a Hybrid role.</span></p>
<p><strong>What you’ll do:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Lead the architecture design and implementation of the network infrastructure;&nbsp;both on-prem and in Cloud.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Lead Zero Trust implementation and maintenance.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Work closely with engineering and laboratory teams to gather requirements,&nbsp;analyze, and propose infrastructure solutions.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Contribute to the delivery of a global standard network infrastructure.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Develop and maintain network documentation, including diagrams, policies,&nbsp;procedures, and best practices.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Troubleshoot and remediate any events impacting the operations and&nbsp;availability of the global network infrastructure.</span></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Must haves:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">A minimum of 5 years Network Engineering experience.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">A minimum of 3 years Firewall security experience.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">A minimum of 3 years experience with configuring and managing Palo Alto&nbsp;Network firewalls.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Juniper Networks JNCIP-ENT certification or equivalent experience.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Advanced understanding of network hardware, software, protocols, and&nbsp;technologies.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Experience with enterprise wireless network solutions and deployments.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Hands-on experience with SSL and IPsec VPNs.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Experience with network monitoring, management, and troubleshooting tools.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Ability to work individually, as well as in a dynamic team environment.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Strong communication and problem-solving skills.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Ability to prioritize and manage multiple tasks and projects simultaneously.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Strong documentation skills.</span></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Nice to haves:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><span style="font-weight: 300;">Experience working in Clinical Diagnostics or Pharmaceutical Manufacturing.</span></li>
<li><span style="font-weight: 300;">Expert experience with Juniper Networks products and solutions.</span></li>
<li><span style="font-weight: 300;">Expert experience with Palo Alto Network Firewalls, Prisma, and Panorama.</span></li>
<li><span style="font-weight: 300;">Experience with efficient iP SOLIDserver DDI.</span></li>
<li><span style="font-weight: 300;">Engineering networks in GCP or other cloud providers.</span></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Benefits and additional information:</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 300;">The US target range of our</span><span style="font-weight: 300;"> base salary</span><span style="font-weight: 300;"> for new hires is $156,750 - $200,025</span><span style="font-weight: 300;">. You will also be eligible to receive equity, cash bonuses, and a full range of medical, financial, and other benefits depending on the position offered.&nbsp; Please note that individual total compensation for this position will be determined at the Company’s sole discretion and may vary based on several factors, including but not limited to, location, skill level, years and depth of relevant experience, and education. We invite you to check out our career page @ <span style="font-weight: 300;"><em><a href="http://freenome.com/job-openings/" target="\_blank" data-saferedirecturl="https://www.google.com/url?q=http://freenome.com/job-openings/&amp;source=gmail&amp;ust=1708620295766000&amp;usg=AOvVaw0K-a4lTJ0RquYagpqS-yp4">freenome.com/job-openings/</a></em></span></span><span style="font-weight: 300;">&nbsp;for additional company information.&nbsp;&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 300;">Freenome is proud to be an equal-opportunity employer, and we value diversity. Freenome does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, marital status, age, national origin, ancestry, physical or mental disability, medical condition, pregnancy, genetic information, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, veteran status, or any other status protected under federal, state, or local </span><span style="font-weight: 300;">law.</span></p>
<p><em><span style="font-weight: 300;">Applicants have rights under Federal Employment Laws.&nbsp;&nbsp;</span></em></p>
<ul>
<li><a href="https://www.dol.gov/agencies/whd/posters/fmla" target="\_blank"><em><span style="font-weight: 300;">Family &amp; Medical Leave Act (FMLA)</span></em></a></li>
<li><a href="https://www.dol.gov/agencies/ofccp/posters" target="\_blank"><em><span style="font-weight: 300;">Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO)</span></em></a></li>
<li><a href="https://www.dol.gov/agencies/whd/posters/employee-polygraph-protection-act" target="\_blank"><em><span style="font-weight: 300;">Employee Polygraph Protection Act (EPPA)</span></em></a></li>
</ul>
<p><span style="color: #ecf0f1;"><em><span style="font-weight: 300;">#LI-HYBRID</span></em></span></p>