<div class="content-intro"><h2><strong>About Anthropic</strong></h2>
<p>Anthropic’s mission is to create reliable, interpretable, and steerable AI systems. We want AI to be safe and beneficial for our users and for society as a whole. Our team is a quickly growing group of committed researchers, engineers, policy experts, and business leaders working together to build beneficial AI systems.</p></div><h2>About the role</h2>
<p>We are hiring a Product Support Manager in Dublin to manage a team of Product Support Specialists and focus on enhancing our Enterprise Support offering. In this role, you’ll be responsible for building and managing a happy and high-performing Specialist team that is at the front lines of safely delivering AI to the world. As part of a global Support organization, you’ll collaborate closely with peers in other regions to ensure users of all types have a great experience with Anthropic’s products.</p>
<h2>Responsibilities:</h2>
<ul>
<li>Hire, lead, and develop a team of happy, high-performing Product Support Specialists</li>
<li>Provide thoughtful coaching and feedback to your direct reports, and partner with them on their career development goals and growth</li>
<li>Monitor team performance and course correct both in real-time and strategically as needed</li>
<li>Manage day to day team operations, including proactive capacity management and ad hoc unblocking of your Specialists as they action their daily work</li>
<li>Partner with peer leaders in other regions to ensure consistent global support delivery in routine casework as well as on-call or high-urgency responsibilities</li>
<li>Work closely with go-to-market (GTM) stakeholders to scope, execute, and iterate upon our offerings for our most strategic customers; interact with these internal users daily</li>
<li>Drive large-scale initiatives that raise the bar for our organization, leveraging data to make decisions and with a keen understanding of broader business goals</li>
<li>Continuously strive for exceptional user experiences, with a focus on high-touch Enterprise Support</li>
<li>Partner with cross-functional stakeholders across the organization to build efficiencies and improve user experience</li>
<li>Communicate clearly and effectively with your team, stakeholders, and external customers</li>
</ul>
<h2>You may be a good fit if you:</h2>
<ul>
<li>Have 6+ years of product support experience and 3+ years in a people management role</li>
<li>Have been part of a B2B Enterprise or Strategic Support team (as a bonus, you also understand the needs of Consumer, scaled support users)</li>
<li>Thrive in a fast-paced, ever-changing environment, and have demonstrated success in bringing your team along during periods of rapid growth</li>
<li>Successfully operate in ambiguity, practicing good judgment and awareness of broader priorities in order to make decisions and get things done</li>
<li>Care deeply about continuous improvement and elevating ambitions in the name of user experience</li>
<li>Enjoy building trust and collaborating closely with cross-functional partners</li>
<li>Can capably navigate tough conversations, empathetically driving solutions and steps forward</li>
<li>Value regularly seeking, providing, and incorporating feedback when it comes to the way you and your team operate</li>
<li>Are interested in developing deep product expertise in order to comprehensively support your team and knowledgeably role model user first behaviors</li>
<li>Prefer to use data to make decisions or advocate for users, and know your way around basic to intermediate SQL queries</li>
<li>Consider yourself at least somewhat knowledgeable with APIs and capable of confidently understanding technical documentation in order to help debug errors</li>
<li>Are comfortable working with a globally distributed team and building strong remote and in-office relationships</li>
<li>Are excited about Anthropic’s products and already familiar with some of the ways AI can have a positive impact on your work</li>
</ul><div class="content-pay-transparency"><div class="pay-input"><div class="description"><p>The annual compensation range for this role is listed below.&nbsp;</p>
<p>For sales roles, the range provided is the role’s On Target Earnings ("OTE") range, meaning that the range includes both the sales commissions/sales bonuses target and annual base salary for the role.</p></div><div class="title">Annual Salary:</div><div class="pay-range"><span>€125.000</span><span class="divider">&mdash;</span><span>€145.000 EUR</span></div></div></div><div class="content-conclusion"><h2><strong>Logistics</strong></h2>
<p><strong>Minimum education: </strong>Bachelor’s degree or an equivalent combination of education, training, and/or experience</p>
<p><strong>Required field of study:&nbsp;</strong>A field relevant to the role as demonstrated through coursework, training, or professional experience</p>
<p><strong>Minimum years of experience: </strong>Years of experience required will correlate with the internal job level requirements for the position</p>
<p><strong>Location-based hybrid policy:</strong> Currently, we expect all staff to be in one of our offices at least 25% of the time. However, some roles may require more time in our offices.</p>
<p><strong data-stringify-type="bold">Visa sponsorship:</strong>&nbsp;We do sponsor visas! However, we aren't able to successfully sponsor visas for every role and every candidate. But if we make you an offer, we will make every reasonable effort to get you a visa, and we retain an immigration lawyer to help with this.</p>
<p><strong>We encourage you to apply even if you do not believe you meet every single qualification.</strong> Not all strong candidates will meet every single qualification as listed.&nbsp; Research shows that people who identify as being from underrepresented groups are more prone to experiencing imposter syndrome and doubting the strength of their candidacy, so we urge you not to exclude yourself prematurely and to submit an application if you're interested in this work. We think AI systems like the ones we're building have enormous social and ethical implications. We think this makes representation even more important, and we strive to include a range of diverse perspectives on our team.<br><br><strong data-stringify-type="bold">Your safety matters to us.</strong> To protect yourself from potential scams, remember that Anthropic recruiters only contact you from&nbsp;@anthropic.com&nbsp;email addresses. In some cases, we may partner with vetted recruiting agencies who will identify themselves as working on behalf of Anthropic. Be cautious of emails from other domains. Legitimate Anthropic recruiters will never ask for money, fees, or banking information before your first day. If you're ever unsure about a communication, don't click any links—visit&nbsp;<u data-stringify-type="underline"><a class="c-link c-link--underline" href="http://anthropic.com/careers" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="http://anthropic.com/careers" data-sk="tooltip\_parent" data-remove-tab-index="true">anthropic.com/careers</a></u>&nbsp;directly for confirmed position openings.</p>
<h2><strong>How we're different</strong></h2>
<p>We believe that the highest-impact AI research will be big science. At Anthropic we work as a single cohesive team on just a few large-scale research efforts. And we value impact — advancing our long-term goals of steerable, trustworthy AI — rather than work on smaller and more specific puzzles. We view AI research as an empirical science, which has as much in common with physics and biology as with traditional efforts in computer science. We're an extremely collaborative group, and we host frequent research discussions to ensure that we are pursuing the highest-impact work at any given time. As such, we greatly value communication skills.</p>
<p>The easiest way to understand our research directions is to read our recent research. This research continues many of the directions our team worked on prior to Anthropic, including: GPT-3, Circuit-Based Interpretability, Multimodal Neurons, Scaling Laws, AI &amp; Compute, Concrete Problems in AI Safety, and Learning from Human Preferences.</p>
<h2><strong>Come work with us!</strong></h2>
<p>Anthropic is a public benefit corporation headquartered in San Francisco. We offer competitive compensation and benefits, optional equity donation matching, generous vacation and parental leave, flexible working hours, and a lovely office space in which to collaborate with colleagues. <strong data-stringify-type="bold">Guidance on Candidates' AI Usage:</strong>&nbsp;Learn about&nbsp;<a class="c-link" href="https://www.anthropic.com/candidate-ai-guidance" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://www.anthropic.com/candidate-ai-guidance" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">our policy</a>&nbsp;for using AI in our application process</p></div>