<h2><strong>About Graphcore&nbsp;</strong></h2>
<p>At Graphcore, we’re building the future of AI compute.</p>
<p>We’re a team of semiconductor, software and AI experts, with deep experience in creating the complete AI compute stack - from silicon and software to infrastructure at datacenter scale.</p>
<p>As part of the SoftBank Group, backed by significant long-term investment, we are delivering key technology into the fast-growing SoftBank AI ecosystem.</p>
<p>To meet the vast and exciting AI opportunity, Graphcore is expanding its teams around the world.</p>
<p>We are bringing together the brightest minds to solve the toughest problems, in a place where everyone has the opportunity to make an impact on the company, our products and the future of artificial intelligence</p>
<h2><strong>Job Summary </strong></h2>
<p>As a System Software Engineer in Test, You will be responsible for design, development, execution and reporting of test and test harness to verify and validate firmware.&nbsp;</p>
<p>You will be involved with the development team from the early phases to the final production software and ensure maximum coverage of functionality.&nbsp;</p>
<p>You will be working with different Hardware configurations and required to collaborate closely with Hardware, bring up&nbsp;&nbsp;and drivers teams to ensure our firmware plugs in seamlessly.&nbsp;</p>
<p>As a senior member of the team, you will mentor junior members and raise the testing standards of the team.&nbsp;</p>
<h2><strong>The Team</strong></h2>
<p>Firmware QA team validates the low-level software responsible for the complete boot, configuration, and monitoring of Graphcore silicon and hardware platforms. Test areas include:&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>Boot and power sequencing</li>
<li>Low-level hardware interfaces and drivers</li>
<li>Telemetry, monitoring and SMBus/BMC data exposure</li>
<li>Silicon and system bring-up&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Responsibilities and Duties</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Design, Implement and deliver high quality tests for complex firmware features</li>
<li>Support in debug and MTBF reduction of both internal and external incoming issues</li>
<li>QA Ownership of Key features within the firmware</li>
<li>Contribute to the continuous integration pipeline</li>
<li>Support release test and release pipeline maintenance</li>
<li>Active involvement in technical discussions and reviews for the team.&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Candidate Profile</strong></h2>
<p><strong>Essential:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Proven Firmware test experience</li>
<li>Experience working on real time embedded systems</li>
<li>Hardware testing knowledge</li>
<li>Experience with testing low level drivers and interfaces.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Strong Proficiency in: C and Python.</li>
<li>Possess excellent written and oral communication skills, good work ethics, high sense of teamwork, love to produce quality work and commitment to finish your tasks every single day. You are a self-starter who loves to find creative solutions to challenging problems.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Desirable</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Experience with server architecture or datacentre hardware</li>
<li>Knowledge of server security concepts</li>
<li>Experience in Platform security and openBMC.&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Benefits</strong></h2>
<p>In addition to a competitive salary, Graphcore offers flexible working, a generous annual leave policy, private medical insurance and health cash plan, a dental plan, pension (matched up to 5%), life assurance and income protection. We have a generous parental leave policy and an employee assistance programme (which includes health, mental wellbeing, and bereavement support). We offer a range of healthy food and snacks at our central Bristol office and have our own barista bar! We welcome people of different backgrounds and experiences; we’re committed to building an inclusive work environment that makes Graphcore a great home for everyone. We offer an equal opportunity process and understand that there are visible and invisible differences in all of us. We can provide a flexible approach to interview and encourage you to chat to us if you require any reasonable adjustments.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><em data-stringify-type="italic">Applicants for this position must hold the right to work in the UK. Unfortunately at this time, we are unable to provide visa sponsorship or support for visa applications</em></p>