<p data-pos="0">At JetBrains, code is our passion. Ever since we started back in 2000, we have been striving to make the strongest, most effective developer tools on earth. By automating routine checks and corrections, our tools speed up production, freeing developers to grow, discover, and create. More than 11 million users consistently choose our tools, and 88 Fortune Global Top 100 companies are our valued customers.</p>
<p data-pos="409">TeamCity is a powerful continuous integration and continuous delivery (CI/CD) tool by JetBrains, designed to automate the build, test, and release process, ensuring high-quality software delivery. TeamCity is used by development and DevOps teams.</p>
<p data-pos="658">We’re looking for a proactive and communicative QA specialist with a strong technical background who will ensure our product is of the highest quality. A successful candidate should have experience testing complex and mission-critical software, a wide area of expertise in IT, and a passion for improving TeamCity.</p>
<h3 id="responsibilities" data-pos="978"><strong data-pos="980">Responsibilities:</strong>&nbsp;</h3>
<ul data-pos="1001">
<li data-pos="1001">Optimizing TeamCity for efficient and reliable deployments.</li>
<li data-pos="1063">Exploring and verifying the high availability and scalability of TeamCity.</li>
<li data-pos="1140">Exploring and setting up various cloud services in testing infrastructure.</li>
<li data-pos="1217">Improving product security by testing existing fixes and new security features, such as 2FA or detecting security anomalies in build processes.</li>
<li data-pos="1363">Analyzing and testing fixes for production incidents.</li>
<li data-pos="1419">Performing various types of manual testing, such as regression, integration, and exploratory.</li>
<li data-pos="1515">Working closely with all members of the team.</li>
<li data-pos="1563">Providing technical support to TeamCity customers – duties related to issue tracking based on requests from external users and support for them.</li>
<li data-pos="1710">Contributing your own ideas to improve the product.</li>
<li data-pos="1764">Staying updated on the latest software development trends and strategies.</li>
<li data-pos="1840">Researching and learning new technologies, including setting them up, reading documentation, collaborating with developers, and reproducing existing test cases.</li>
<li data-pos="2003">Providing developers with recommendations on how to make the product more user-friendly, including advocating for user interests.</li>
</ul>
<h3 id="requirements" data-pos="2140"><strong data-pos="2142">Requirements:</strong>&nbsp;</h3>
<ul data-pos="2159">
<li data-pos="2159">At least three years of experience in QA for complex projects, such as web services and backends.</li>
<li data-pos="2259">Strong knowledge of web technologies and HTTP.</li>
<li data-pos="2308">Basic knowledge of SQL and scripting.</li>
<li data-pos="2348">Ability to work without detailed functional specifications.</li>
<li data-pos="2410">Strong communication skills, with the ability to explain complex concepts in simple terms.</li>
<li data-pos="2503">Willingness to reproduce complex issues, even when others have given up.</li>
<li data-pos="2578">Fluency in written and spoken English.</li>
<li data-pos="2619">Passion for continuing a career in QA and willingness to explore and learn various technologies.</li>
<li data-pos="2718">Critical thinking and problem-solving skills.</li>
<li data-pos="2766">Ability to be a team player and work independently with minimal supervision.</li>
<li data-pos="2846">High level of independence, the ability to seek help, and the skill to properly formulate requests.</li>
<li data-pos="2948">User-first mindset when it comes to software development.</li>
<li data-pos="3008">Knowledge of at least one programming language (Java, Python, C#) at a level sufficient to write simple applications.</li>
<li data-pos="3128">Knowledge of one of the cloud platforms at the level of deployment.</li>
</ul>
<h3 id="preferable" data-pos="3203"><strong data-pos="3205">Preferable:</strong>&nbsp;</h3>
<ul data-pos="3220">
<li data-pos="3220">Expertise in CI/CD techniques.</li>
<li data-pos="3253">Experience in Docker deployment and Kubernetes.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<div>
<p><strong>Why join JetBrains?</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Strong base salary. We offer competitive pay that reflects your skills and experience.</li>
<li>Flexible work location. Enjoy the freedom to work from home or from the office.</li>
<li>Remote work. Spend up to 30 days per year working remotely from abroad.</li>
<li>Extra time off. More days to relax, recharge, and do the things you love.</li>
<li>Medical insurance allowance. Enjoy peace of mind for you and your family.</li>
<li>Learning and development opportunities. Access to conferences, courses, and language classes.</li>
<li>Relocation support. We help make your move as smooth and stress-free as possible.</li>
<li>Language classes. Pick up the local language or sharpen your English skills.</li>
<li>Fuel your day. Enjoy a hot meal or receive a lunch allowance on workdays.</li>
<li>Mental health support. To help you feel your best, we provide easy access to professional mental health services.</li>
<li>Sports benefit. Enjoy an on-site gym or sports club stipend.</li>
<li>Internal events. Join company-wide celebrations and team gatherings.</li>
</ul>
<p>\*Some benefits may vary depending on location.&nbsp;</p>
</div>
<div>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
</div>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><span style="color: rgb(255, 255, 255);">#LI-DNI</span></p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>We are an equal opportunity employer</strong><br><br>We know great ideas can come from anyone, anywhere. That’s why we do our best to create an open and inclusive workplace – one that welcomes everyone regardless of their background, identity, religion, age, accessibility needs, or orientation.</p>
<p><em data-stringify-type="italic">We process the data provided in your job application in accordance with the <a href="https://www.jetbrains.com/legal/docs/privacy/privacy-recruitment/">Recruitment Privacy Policy.</a></em></p></div>