**At Saily,** we’re removing the hassle of staying connected while traveling — no roaming fees, no plastic SIM cards, just lightning-fast, secure mobile data in 200+ destinations. Saily has millions of paying customers and hundreds of thousands travelers browsing through Saily at any given moment.

To build the best product for our customers we foster **AI-native Product Engineering culture**, where:

- The Engineer is the builder, who is responsible for solving customer problems end-to-end (idea to production)  
- AI Agents are the enablers who write most of the code and solve repeatable  tasks to  help the Engineers  maximize their impact  
- Everyone contributes to making Saily effective by suggesting new areas for improvement to delegate to agents and then implementing the changes  
- Curiosity, learning and sharing are everyone's responsibility  
**- Customer, having a comfortable, connected, hassle-free journey** is never lost from the focus

We value growth over comfort, contribution over hierarchy, and impact over process. **At Saily,** we believe in giving sharp people context, autonomy, and AI as their multiplier to allow them to just do their best work.

## Main Responsibilities

- Build a framework to support blazing-fast web pages - think of sub-second loading times.
- Create features to support layers of multi-dimensional personalization, A/B experimentation, and analytics via CloudFlare Workers and your custom-built platforms.
- Develop and maintain a high-quality code base.
- Seek to improve web performance constantly.
- Mentor colleagues on web development best practices & provide technical guidance.

## Core Requirements

- Proven development experience working with JavaScrip and TypeScript (4+ years).
- Experience with React framework.
- Deep knowledge of web development, testing, and performance optimization best practices.
- Proven experience in developing high-quality, high-performance front-end web applications that run at scale.
- Team spirit, proactivity, and ability to work in a fast-paced environment.

- **Please keep in mind that this position requires office attendance 3 times a week!**

## Bonus Points For

- Fullstack experience.

## Tools You Will Use

- **Frontend:** Next.js, React.js, TypeScript, GraphQL, Tailwind CSS, Cloudflare Workers
- **Backend:**Go, MySQL, Kafka, Docker, Kubernetes, AWS, Redis
- **IOS:**SwiftUI, Xcode, Combine, SPM, MVVM Architecture
- **Android:**Kotlin, Android Studio, Hilt, Coroutines, Jetpack Compose, MVVM Architecture
- **AI tools:** Claude Code, OpenAI Codex, OpenCode, Cursor with Composer

## Salary Range

- Gross Salary: 3200 EUR-7000 EUR/month

**What We Offer**

**Innovate with industry leaders**

Work alongside global experts to build world-leading cybersecurity tools, impacting millions of users around the world.

**Learn & grow**

Boost your skills via our extensive training programs (online and offline) & other resources. Benefit from mentorship and career-switch opportunities to grow within the company.

**Work in a next-gen Cyber City office**

Thrive in our bustling office, featuring ergonomic workspaces, modern meeting rooms, engaging events, and specialty coffee to fuel your day.

**Hybrid work**

Enjoy the flexibility with 3 office days and working from home for the remaining 2.

**Work from anywhere**

Recharge with a change of scenery – choose work from any location when you feel a need to power your creativity and drive.

**Physical well-being**

Boost your health with free-of-charge 24/7 gym access, onsite and online workouts, and consultations led by in-house Physical Well-Being experts.

**Mental & emotional health**

Nurture your mind with free psychologist consultations, dedicated mental health events, and premium access to top-rated wellness apps like Calm, Headspace, and Mindletic.

**Premium healthcare**

Receive private health insurance giving you peace of mind for your health needs.

**Extra days off**

Enjoy additional vacation days off as you grow with us. Plus, get extra days for sick leave, special occasions, or parenting needs.

**Joyful moments – special treats**

Celebrate life’s big moments with special gifts from us on your birthday, anniversary, and other major events, such as weddings or the arrival of a new family member.

**Company events & team-building**

Experience iconic Nord Security celebrations, team-buildings, and knowledge-sharing events, nurturing bonds that fuel our success.

**Workation**

Embark on a legendary company getaway abroad, filled with exciting activities, live concerts, engaging workshops, and epic time together.

*Kindly refer to our Privacy Notice for Recruitment Candidates for comprehensive information regarding our data handling procedures throughout recruitment processes:* <https://bit.ly/40GWyjL>

*We expect all candidates to provide accurate and complete information during the recruitment process. While limited use of AI tools to refine application materials is acceptable, candidates remain fully responsible for ensuring that their submissions reflect their own qualifications, skills, and experience. Any failure to do so may negatively affect participation in the recruitment process. If broader AI assistance is allowed for a particular role or stage, we’ll let you know in advance.*

*By submitting your application, you acknowledge that it may be processed using automated tools for evaluation purposes. As part of our recruitment process, we may use an AI-based application review tool to help assess applications based on skills and experience relevant to the role. This technology is used to support - not replace - human decision-making, and every application is ultimately reviewed by a recruiter.*

*If you would like more information about how AI is used in this process or wish to exercise your rights under applicable data privacy laws, please contact us at [privacy@nordaccount.com](mailto:privacy@nordaccount.com). Should you prefer to opt out of the automated evaluation, please submit your application directly to [career@nordsec.com](mailto:career@nordsec.com).*