<div class="content-intro"><h2><strong>About Starburst</strong></h2>
<p>Starburst is the data platform for analytics, applications, and AI, unifying data across clouds and on-premises to accelerate AI innovation. Organizations—from startups to Fortune 500 enterprises in 60+ countries—rely on Starburst for fast data access, seamless collaboration, and enterprise-grade governance on an open hybrid data lakehouse. Wherever data lives, Starburst unlocks its full potential, powering data and AI from development to deployment. By future-proofing data architecture, Starburst helps businesses fuel innovation with AI.</p></div><h4><strong>About the role</strong></h4>
<p>We're scaling fast, and we need our IT infrastructure to keep up. We're looking for an IT Engineer based in Poland to join a nimble, cross-functional team supporting a distributed, Global workforce across various time zones. In this role, you'll be a key player in keeping our systems, tools, and people running smoothly – balancing day-to-day end-user support with longer-term infrastructure and automation work. You'll need strong communication skills, a solutions and system oriented mindset, as well as a bias for action. This is a hybrid role with an expectation of 2–3 days in office per week.</p>
<p>The ideal candidate is excited to help support team members globally, build automated systems that scale, and have experience managing identity and access in Okta and Google Workspace as well as working knowledge in the following SaaS platforms Atlassian, Slack, and MDM platforms Jamf and Intune.</p>
<h4><strong>As a IT Engineer at Starburst you will</strong>:&nbsp;</h4>
<ul>
<li>Help with the design of Starburst's MDM strategy building scalable, secure, and seamless experiences in Jamf and Intune – serving as the primary driver of endpoint management across the organization.</li>
<li>Help manage Okta with working knowledge of concepts such as SSO, SCIM, least privilege, role-based access, provisioning, and de-provisioning as well as enforce strong security policies.</li>
<li>Ability to develop complex automations using Okta Workflows, Workato, or similar iPaaS/automation tools as well as incorporating and working with 3rd party APIs.</li>
<li>Manage collaboration tools Slack, Microsoft 365, and primarily Google Workspace including app suite and enforcing email security policies.</li>
<li>Manage GitHub and enforce collaboration and development policies (code review and security).</li>
<li>Provide IT support to local and remote end-users within timezone, serving as a responsive and reliable first point of contact for technical issues.</li>
<li>Manage IT asset inventory and maintain Warsaw office AV equipment for conference rooms, offsites and company events.</li>
<li>Collaborate with the People team to manage and optimize employee lifecycle workflows.</li>
<li>Partner with the InfoSecurity and Engineering teams to ensure adherence to industry best practices across the full IT and infrastructure stack.</li>
<li>Implement and enforce security best practices including regular audits and vulnerability assessments; collaborate with the InfoSec team to support quarterly and annual compliance reviews (ISO 27001, SOC2, GDPR, CCPA, etc.).</li>
<li>Guide and support junior employees to promote their professional development and cultivate a culture of continuous learning.</li>
</ul>
<h4><strong>Some of the things we look for:</strong></h4>
<ul>
<li>A minimum of 5+ years of relevant experience as an IT Engineer or a similar role.</li>
<li>Build and maintain automation scripts to streamline tasks using Bash, Python, or other scripting languages; working knowledge of Infrastructure as Code concepts is a plus, though expert-level experience is not required.</li>
<li>Familiarity with managing office networks. Bonus if experienced with Ubiquiti UniFi network infrastructure.</li>
<li>Document systems, configurations, and procedures to maintain an accurate and accessible knowledge base for both internal and user base.</li>
<li>Stay up-to-date on the latest technologies and industry trends.</li>
<li>Participate in on-call rotation.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Where could this role be based?</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>This role is based in our Warsaw office and follows a hybrid model, with an expectation of being onsite 2-3 days per week.</li>
</ul><div class="content-pay-transparency"><div class="pay-input"><div class="description"><p>Starburst is dedicated to maintaining fair and equitable compensation practices. The salary range provided for this role reflects the minimum and maximum targets for candidates in the country in which the role is located and could be inclusive of variable compensation, such as commission or bonus. All full-time employees receive equity grants (NSOs), and depending on the country, may have access to additional employer-sponsored benefits. Actual compensation packages are determined based on relevant skills, experience, education and training, and specific work location. For more information, connect with the recruiting team or Hiring Manager during the interview process as they can provide more detailed information about the salary range.</p></div><div class="title">Pay Range</div><div class="pay-range"><span>210 000 zł</span><span class="divider">&mdash;</span><span>270 000 zł PLN</span></div></div></div><div class="content-conclusion"><h2><strong>Build your career at Starburst</strong></h2>
<p>All-Stars have the opportunity and freedom to realize their true potential. By building alongside top talent, we’re empowered to take ownership of our careers and drive meaningful change. Anchored in industry-proven technology and unprecedented success, All-Stars are taking on the challenge everyday to disrupt our industry – &nbsp;and the future.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Our global workforce is supported by a competitive Total Rewards program that reflects our commitment to a rewarding and supportive work environment. This includes a variety of benefits like competitive pay, attractive stock grants, flexible paid time off, and more.&nbsp;</p>
<p>We are committed to fostering an intentional, inclusive, and diverse culture that drives deep engagement, authentic belonging, and an exceptional All-Star experience. We believe that diversity of thought, perspective, background and experience will enable us to own what we do, drive our success and empower our All-Stars to show up authentically.</p>
<p>Starburst provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any type without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state<br>&nbsp;or local laws.</p></div>