<p><strong>Salary Range: PLN 350,700- 474,400</strong></p>
<p><strong>Subject to alignment to the responsibilities and duties of the role.</strong></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>About Graphcore</strong></p>
<p>At Graphcore, we’re building the future of AI compute.We’re a team of semiconductor, software and AI experts, with deep experience in creating the complete AI compute stack - from silicon and software to infrastructure at datacenter scale.As part of the SoftBank Group, backed by significant long-term investment, we are delivering key technology into the fast-growing SoftBank AI ecosystem.To meet the vast and exciting AI opportunity, Graphcore is expanding its teams around the world.We are bringing together the brightest minds to solve the toughest problems, in a place where everyone has the opportunity to make an impact on the company, our products and the future of artificial intelligence.</p>
<p><strong>Job Summary&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>As a&nbsp;<strong>Senior Cloud Software Engineer</strong>, you will lead the efforts in enabling new AI accelerator HW within Kubernetes environments. You will be responsible for the design, development, and maintenance of applications in Go, ensuring seamless integration of a new AI accelerator with existing Kubernetes clusters, and providing a native Kubernetes end user experience. This role requires extensive experience in software development, container orchestration technologies and cloud computing.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Responsibilities and Duties</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Lead the design and development of applications in Go for the new AI accelerator integration in Kubernetes.</li>
<li>Ensure seamless integration of the new hardware with existing Kubernetes clusters.</li>
<li>Mentor and guide junior engineers, fostering a culture of continuous learning and improvement.</li>
<li>Collaborate with cross-functional teams to design, implement, and test new features.</li>
<li>Conduct thorough code reviews and provide constructive feedback to team members.</li>
<li>Troubleshoot and resolve complex technical issues.</li>
<li>If necessary, engage with the Kubernetes community, contributing to discussions, forums, and open-source projects.</li>
<li>Write and maintain comprehensive documentation for your code and the overall project.</li>
<li>Stay up-to-date with the latest trends and technologies in Kubernetes and cloud computing.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p><strong>Skills and Experience&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Essential Qualifications:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or a related field or equivalent experience.&nbsp;</li>
<li>At least 10 years of experience in software development, ideally with a focus on cloud environments.</li>
<li>Proficiency in Go programming.</li>
<li>Extensive experience with Kubernetes is essential, with a preference for candidates holding a Certified Kubernetes Administrator (CKA) and Certified Kubernetes Security Specialist (CKS) certifications.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Strong understanding of container orchestration and cloud-native development.</li>
<li>Excellent problem-solving skills and attention to detail.</li>
<li>Proven track record of achieving goals while implementing complex technical solutions.</li>
<li>Strong grasp of Linux-based operating systems.</li>
<li>Proven leadership and mentoring skills.</li>
<li>Strong communication and teamwork skills.</li>
<li>English- C1 level.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Preferred Qualification:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Familiarity with machine learning-related technologies within the Kubernetes ecosystem e.g. Kubeflow, KubeVirt, Kata containers, Volcano is highly desirable.</li>
<li>Knowledge of RDMA networks is considered an asset.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Familiarity with other workload managers, such as Ray and SLURM, is considered an asset.</li>
<li>Knowledge of cloud computing platforms such as Azure, GCP, AWS and their services.</li>
<li>Experience with CI/CD pipelines and DevOps tools e.g. GitHub/GitLab.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Benefits</strong></p>
<p><strong>&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>In addition to a competitive salary, annual leave policy, medical and dental health plans, a gym card and employee pension (matched up to 4%). We review our benefits on a yearly basis to ensure we offer a valuable and rewarding benefits programme to our employees. &nbsp;We welcome people of different backgrounds and experiences; we’re committed to building an inclusive work environment that makes Graphcore a great home for everyone. We offer an equal opportunity process and understand that there are visible and invisible differences in all of us. We can provide a flexible approach to interview and encourage you to chat to us if you require any reasonable adjustments.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>