<div class="content-intro"><p><strong data-stringify-type="bold">Why work at Nebius<br></strong>Nebius is leading a new era in cloud computing to serve the global AI economy. We create the tools and resources our customers need to solve real-world challenges and transform industries, without massive infrastructure costs or the need to build large in-house AI/ML teams. Our employees work at the cutting edge of AI cloud infrastructure alongside some of the most experienced and innovative leaders and engineers in the field.</p>
<p><strong>Where we work<br></strong>Headquartered in Amsterdam and listed on Nasdaq, Nebius has a global footprint with R&amp;D hubs across Europe, North America, and Israel. The team of over 1400 employees includes more than 400 highly skilled engineers with deep expertise across hardware and software engineering, as well as an in-house AI R&amp;D team.</p></div><h3><strong><span data-contrast="auto">The role</span></strong><span data-ccp-props="{}">&nbsp;</span></h3>
<p><span data-ccp-props="{}">Nebius is hiring for a driven Account Executive - Middle East &amp; Africa MEA marketplace. Targeting AI workloads across a set of industries and AI-native new logos and existing customers. Based in MEA you will manage strategic client relationships, uncover new business opportunities, work with partners and lead the end-to-end sales process—from initial engagement to closing. Your ability to understand complex business needs, craft tailored solutions, and thrive in a fast-moving, innovative environment will be key to your success. This role requires a solid blend of consultative selling, strategic thinking, and execution excellence to help clients unlock the full value of our platform.<br><br>Our Sales team offers a fantastic opportunity to join a collaborative and supportive environment, where teamwork is just as valued as individual goals. You’ll have the chance to work with cutting-edge technology, while benefiting from a competitive commission structure. Working side-by-side with seasoned technology sales professionals, you’ll gain valuable experience in a dynamic environment and receive excellent opportunities for career growth and business development.<br></span></p>
<p>You are welcome to work remotely from <strong>Saudi Arabia, Abu Dhabi </strong>or<strong> Dubai</strong>.</p>
<p><strong><span data-ccp-props="{&quot;335559685&quot;:720,&quot;335559991&quot;:360}"><span class="TextRun MacChromeBold SCXW95146830 BCX0" lang="EN-US" data-contrast="auto"><span class="NormalTextRun SCXW95146830 BCX0" data-ccp-charstyle="Strong">Your responsibilities will include:</span></span><span class="EOP SCXW95146830 BCX0" data-ccp-props="{&quot;134233117&quot;:true,&quot;134233118&quot;:true}">&nbsp;</span></span></strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Demonstrate a deep understanding of Nebius and the value to our customers</li>
<li>Own and grow your territory: maintain and deliver against a strategic plan for region/territory</li>
<li>Client Engagement: Development deep relationships with key stakeholder across the enterprise, position our AI and cloud solutions to address client-specific challenges.</li>
<li>Solution Selling: demonstrate the value of AI and cloud solutions through consultative selling, product demonstrations and presentations.</li>
<li>Negotiation &amp; Closing: Lead contract negotiations with C-suit executives, securing deals that meet revenue targets and contributing to long-term partnerships.</li>
<li>Regional Representations: Represent Nebius AI at regional industry events, webinars and customer meetings</li>
<li>Market Knowledge: Stay updated on industry trends, emerging technologies and competitive landscapes to position our solutions effectively.</li>
<li>Orchestrate the deal team (SE’s, Industry, Partners, CS) to deliver differentiated value proposals and business cases.</li>
<li>Forecast with accuracy; progress deals through salesforce sales process and deliver against AC /Activity targets.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong><span data-contrast="auto"><span data-ccp-charstyle="Strong">We expect you to have:</span></span><span data-ccp-props="{&quot;134233117&quot;:true,&quot;134233118&quot;:true}">&nbsp;</span></strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Proven Experience: 8+ years of experience in B2B sales, particularly in AI, cloud, or data infrastructure, with a clear hunter track record.</li>
<li>Passion and desire to work in a startup culture, directly impacting the growth of the company</li>
<li>Comfortable selling cloud platforms (AWS, Azure, Google Cloud), AI solutions, and related technologies.</li>
<li>Strong commercial acumen: value mapping, negotiation, multiyear deals, and execlevel storytelling.</li>
<li>High energy, enthusiasm, and evidence of consistent growth vs. quota.</li>
<li>CRM Proficiency: Experience with CRM tools such as Salesforce, HubSpot, or similar.</li>
<li>Native fluency in local language (Arabic) as well as fluent in English.</li>
<li>Ability to travel as needed.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong><span data-contrast="auto"><span data-ccp-charstyle="Strong">It will be </span><span data-ccp-charstyle="Strong">an added bonus</span><span data-ccp-charstyle="Strong"> if you have:</span></span> </strong><span data-ccp-props="{}">&nbsp;</span>&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>Previous experience in a high-growth, start-up environment.</li>
<li>Exposure to SaaS models or cloud infrastructure sales.</li>
<li>Experience selling to mid-market or enterprise-level clients.</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>What we offer</strong>&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>Competitive salary and comprehensive benefits package.</li>
<li>Opportunities for professional growth within Nebius.</li>
<li>Flexible working arrangements.</li>
<li>A dynamic and collaborative work environment that values initiative and innovation.</li>
</ul>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">We’re growing and expanding our products every day. If you’re up to the challenge and are excited about AI and ML as much as we are, join us!</span></p></div>