<p><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;">Asana’s ecosystem includes a&nbsp;<a href="https://asana.com/apps?category=all-apps">wide range of powerful apps</a> that extend its capabilities and integrate it seamlessly into our users’ workflows. These apps help establish Asana as the shared collaboration infrastructure our customers use to get things done, spanning the full breadth of domains and departments. The Functional Integrations team in the Platform Area owns integrating Asana with the most valuable function-specific (think Operations, Marketing, or IT) tools, enabling experts on those teams to effectively share and communicate their work to the company as a whole.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;">At Asana, Staff Software Engineers are responsible for the team’s execution, technical culture and quality, and long-term engineering strategy. You will take on complex projects, lead the work of several ICs, partner with cross-functional and cross-organizational stakeholders, and often mentor team members in technical design and project leadership.</span></p>
<p>This role is based in our Warsaw office with an office-centric hybrid schedule. The standard in-office days are Monday, Tuesday, and Thursday. Most Asanas have the option to work from home on Wednesdays. Working from home on Fridays depends on the type of work you do, and your recruiter can share more about the in-office requirements.</p>
<p><strong>We offer a Contract of Employment (UoP) for our employees in Poland.</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;"><strong>What you’ll achieve</strong></span></p>
<ul>
<li style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;"><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;">Own technical design and project execution for the team, delegating this work to other engineers on the team when appropriate</span></li>
<li style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;"><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;">Mentor engineers on the team through activities like pairing and code reviews to promote a culture of technical excellence</span></li>
<li style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;"><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;">Make hands-on engineering contributions to Asana’s core product with a focus on overcoming tricky technical challenges and modeling practices that improve quality and velocity</span></li>
<li style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;"><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;">Partner with Product Management, Design, and Engineering Management to define the team’s upcoming projects and long-term strategy</span></li>
<li style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;"><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;">Collaborate with other leads across Asana to steward a coordinated technical strategy</span></li>
</ul>
<p><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;"><strong>About you</strong></span></p>
<ul>
<li style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;"><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;">6+ years of experience working in large codebases</span></li>
<li style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;"><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;">1+ years of experience leading a complex project end-to-end, or in a tech lead or team lead role</span></li>
<li style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;"><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;">Proficient at owning and delegating technical design decisions</span></li>
<li style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;"><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;">Experience working cross-functionally with stakeholders and PM/Design partners to define requirements, make tradeoffs, and align on long-term plans</span></li>
<li style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;"><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;">Deep commitment to fostering collaboration and psychological safety among team members</span></li>
<li style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;"><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;">Dedicated to improving productivity and helping teams collaborate more effectively and efficiently, including your own</span></li>
<li style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;"><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;">Excited to be a part of an inclusive culture where everyone brings the aspects of themselves to the workplace that they need to thrive</span></li>
<li style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;"><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;">Be an early employee in our growing Warsaw office, contributing to a culture that keeps Asana's workplace balanced, performant, inclusive, transparent, and aligned with our values</span></li>
<li style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;">Demonstrates curiosity about AI tools and emerging technologies, with a willingness to learn and leverage them to enhance productivity, collaboration, or decision-making.</li>
</ul>
<p><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;">At Asana, we're committed to building teams that include a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, and skills, as this is critical to helping us achieve our mission. If you're interested in this role and don't meet every listed requirement, we still encourage you to apply. We also encourage you to apply for this role, even if the position is at a different level than your current role. In the event that the position is two levels higher or more, we kindly request that you speak with your manager before applying. It is important to note that the anticipated role level for this position may be adjusted during the hiring process.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;"><strong>What we’ll offer</strong></span></p>
<p><strong>What we’ll offer</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Generous, transparent and fair compensation system (base salary and RSUs)</li>
<li>Contract of Employment (and the option of 50% tax deductible costs for author’s rights usage in respect of applicable roles )&nbsp;</li>
<li>Health insurance with dental and travel coverage (Lux Med)&nbsp;</li>
<li>Breakfast and lunch catering on the days that you work from the office</li>
<li>Vacation allowance</li>
<li>Career growth budget&nbsp;</li>
<li>Home office setup budget&nbsp;</li>
<li>Gym/Fitness card</li>
<li>Fertility healthcare and family-forming support with <a href="https://www.get-carrot.com/">Carrot</a></li>
<li>Mental Health Support in Modern Health</li>
<li>Group life insurance</li>
<li>MacBooks with all necessary accessories</li>
</ul>
<p>For this role, the estimated base salary range is between 43,500 PLN - 45,000 PLN gross per month (subject to all taxes and necessary deductions). The actual base salary will vary based on various factors, including market and individual qualifications objectively assessed during the interview process. The listed range above is a guideline, and the base salary range for this role may be modified.</p>
<p>In addition to base salary, your compensation package may include additional components such as equity and sales incentive pay (for most sales roles), and benefits. If you're interviewing for this role, speak with your recruiter to learn more about the total compensation and benefits for this role.</p>
<p>#LI-Hybrid</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>About us</strong></p>
<p data-pm-slice="1 1 []">Asana is a leading platform for human + AI collaboration. Millions of teams around the world rely on Asana to achieve their most important goals, faster. Asana has been named to Fortune's Best Workplaces for 7+ years and recognized by Fast Company, Forbes, and Gartner for excellence in workplace culture and innovation. We offer an exceptional office-centric culture while adopting the best elements of hybrid models to ensure that every one of our global team members can work together effortlessly. With 13+ offices all over the world, we are always looking for individuals who care about building technology that drives positive change in the world and a culture where everyone feels that they belong.</p>
<p data-pm-slice="1 1 []"><strong><a class="LinkThemeablePresentation LinkPrimaryPresentation LinkPrimaryPresentation--sentimentSelected PrimaryLink HighlightSol HighlightSol--core HighlightSol--buildingBlock" href="https://www.gem.com/form?formID=fbcdec8c-3442-43b9-9b45-d2b5f4ea25db" target="\_blank">Join Asana’s Talent Network</a></strong>&nbsp;to stay up to date on job opportunities and life at Asana.</p></div>