<div class="content-intro"><p><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif; font-size: 12pt;">Airbnb was born in 2007 when two hosts welcomed three guests to their San Francisco home, and has since grown to over 5 million hosts who have welcomed over 2 billion guest arrivals in almost every country across the globe. Every day, hosts offer unique stays and experiences that make it possible for guests to connect with communities in a more authentic way.</span></p></div><p><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; color: #000000;"><strong>The Community You Will Join: </strong></span></p>
<p><span style="color: #000000; font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;">The Quality Engineering team helps Airbnb build high-quality software efficiently. We enable Airbnb engineers to build highly testable systems by building and using tools leveraging AI. We own and continuously improve product test cases, automation coverage, test automation tools, environments, frameworks. We navigate Airbnb’s massive codebase identifying weak spots, and help design and implement testable fault-tolerant systems.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; color: #000000;"><strong>The Difference You Will Make:</strong></span></p>
<ul>
<li>Be a leader in Airbnb leveraging AI to redefine and accelerate Quality Engineering.</li>
<li>As a Staff Automation Engineer, you will help us meet this challenge by driving the strategy towards comprehensive automation coverage for features and releases. You will work directly with the product engineering team to develop and maintain our test tools, write and test product code, participate in design reviews to architect testable systems, and guide designs and code to enhance modularity and testability.</li>
<li>You are eager to understand complex systems top to bottom and thrive working across technologies and codebases. In addition, you excel at working through ambiguity, concept validation, and implementing best-in-class solutions.</li>
<li>As a global company, our mission is to develop and maintain the necessary quality engineering processes that scale to meet the needs of both our external customers and internal teams. We strive to ensure that our product and support workflows deliver a seamless experience for guests, hosts, and support agents.</li>
</ul>
<p><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; color: #000000;"><strong>A Typical Day:&nbsp;</strong></span></p>
<ul>
<li>Leverage AI and tooling to lead the implementation of a test automation strategy, covering the entire testing pyramid (unit, service, integration, and end-to-end testing) to verify feature functionality for customer use cases.</li>
<li>Lead building, maintaining, and effective utilization of automated tests, collaborating closely with engineering teams to ensure robust test coverage for features and releases, and actively participating in the continuous improvement of testing processes.</li>
<li>Contribute to improving existing automation frameworks to support new functionalities and optimize quality and efficiency.</li>
<li>Collaborate with CI/CD team to integrate automated testing into CI/CD pipelines, ensuring thorough test coverage at every stage of development.</li>
<li>Demonstrate excellent troubleshooting abilities, isolate issues, and verify bug fixes. Debug issues found during testing and after release.</li>
<li>Be a player of our high-performance team to ensure code quality, commitment to craft and operational excellence</li>
<li>Drive collaboration with cross-functional teams, including product management, development, and other QE teams, in a fast-paced environment with short release cycles.</li>
</ul>
<p><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; color: #000000;"><strong>Your Expertise:</strong></span></p>
<ul>
<li>9+ years of industry experience in software testing and automation&nbsp;</li>
<li>Demonstrable knowledge in at least one programming language (e.g., Kotlin, Java) and strong scripting skills</li>
<li>Strong knowledge of test automation methodologies, tools, and frameworks</li>
<li>Strong hands-on experience with automation frameworks (e.g., Espresso)</li>
<li>Experience integrating automated tests into CI/CD pipelines (e.g., Buildkite, Spinnaker, Jenkins) and version control systems (Git)</li>
<li>Excellent communication skills towards facilitating interactions with cross-functional teams</li>
<li>Expertise developing solutions to ambiguous problems, and integrations across multiple teams with significant impact</li>
<li>Bachelor’s degree in computer science/engineering or equivalent</li>
<li>Fluency in English (reading, writing, and speaking) is essential.</li>
</ul>
<p><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; color: #000000;"><strong>Our Commitment To Inclusion &amp; Belonging:</strong></span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400; font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; color: #000000;">Airbnb is committed to working with the broadest talent pool possible. We believe diverse ideas foster innovation and engagement, and allow us to attract creatively-led people, and to develop the best products, services and solutions. All qualified individuals are encouraged to apply.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; color: #000000;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">We strive to also provide a disability inclusive application and interview process. If you are a candidate with a disability and require reasonable accommodation in order to submit an application, please contact us at: </span><a style="color: #000000;" href="mailto:reasonableaccommodations@airbnb.com"><span style="font-weight: 400;">reasonableaccommodations@airbnb.com</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">. Please include your full name, the role you’re applying for and the accommodation necessary to assist you with the recruiting process.&nbsp;</span></span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400; font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; color: #000000;">We ask that you only reach out to us if you are a candidate whose disability prevents you from being able to complete our online application.</span></p>