<p>Essential Anesthesia Management is looking for a CRNA to join our team on a PRN basis at Physicians Centre Hospital in Bryan, Texas.</p>
<p><strong><u>Position Highlights:</u></strong></p>
<ul>
<li>$200/hr with malpractice covered - hours guaranteed!</li>
<li>CRNA-only facility; great opportunity to work with full autonomy!</li>
<li>Anesthesia team consists of 6 CRNAs&nbsp;</li>
<li>Physicians Centre is an ortho heavy site, but also services general surgery, bariatric, urology, ENT, spine, ophthalmology and pain management cases. No pediatric, OB, Heads or Hearts at this facility.</li>
<li>CRNAs are required to perform regional and peripheral nerve blocks – we are willing to train any provider that needs to increase block competency!</li>
<li>PCH is the recipient of the Joint Replacement Excellence Award and Total Knee Replacement Five-Start Recipient. We are looking for a strong CRNA to complete our tenured team!</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong><u>Qualifications:</u></strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Board certified</li>
<li>Proficient or willing to learn regional and peripheral nerve blocks.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong><u>What We Offer:</u></strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Ability to work autonomously &amp; continue to develop skills</li>
<li>Paid malpractice + tail</li>
<li>Financial coaching</li>
<li>Access to group benefits through preferred partnerships</li>
<li>Support from our Corporate Clinical Leaders</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong><u>About Bryan, TX:</u></strong></p>
<ul>
<li>The town’s motto is the “Good Life, Texas Style,” and that perfectly accentuates this towns culture and vibe. Check out the town’s website for more at <a href="https://www.bryantx.gov/">https://www.bryantx.gov/</a> .</li>
<li>Bryan offers an affordable cost of living, high quality public schools, a strong sense of community and access to outdoor activities around Lake Bryan. The town is also a short 10-minute drive from Texas A&amp;M University where you can enjoy the college’s football games, basketball and theater performances throughout the year.</li>
</ul>
<p>If you're considering this role or would like more information, please apply below or reach out to our talent acquisition team&nbsp;<a href="mailto:ejones@essentialamg.com">ejones@essentialamg.com</a>&nbsp;.&nbsp;</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><em><span class="TextRun SCXW234030319 BCX8" lang="EN-US" data-contrast="auto"><span class="NormalTextRun SCXW234030319 BCX8">Essential Anesthesia Management</span><span class="NormalTextRun SCXW234030319 BCX8"> is committed to equal opportunity for all, without regard to race, religion, color, national origin, citizenship, sex, age, veteran status, disability, genetic information, or any other protected characteristic</span><span class="NormalTextRun SCXW234030319 BCX8">.&nbsp; </span><span class="NormalTextRun SCXW234030319 BCX8">Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the assigned and essential functions.</span></span><span class="EOP SCXW234030319 BCX8" data-ccp-props="{&quot;201341983&quot;:0,&quot;335559739&quot;:160,&quot;335559740&quot;:240}">&nbsp;</span></em></p></div>