Aleph is the largest global partner of more than 50 leading digital platforms including Google, Snapchat, LinkedIn, TikTok, Twitch, Pinterest, and many others in emerging markets across the world. As a forward-thinking organization, we are constantly evolving and exploring new horizons. We're on a mission to extend the reach of advertisers and partners to more corners of the world and to amplify their success. We embrace change as an opportunity to learn, innovate, and grow. Our curiosity and resilience allow us to adapt to new challenges and seize new opportunities with confidence. Together, we can unlock and drive economic growth and power the digital ecosystem.

Are you passionate about teamwork, integrity, protagonism, and delivering results? Do you thrive in an environment that values collaboration, accountability, and innovation? If so, we have an exciting opportunity for you!

## About the Role:

We're looking for an awesome **Head of Key Accounts** for the Pinterest team, who can lead the Key Accounts program and own the relationships with our large, strategic, performance-driven accounts.

## What you will be doing in this role:

- **Team Management:**
- Lead and manage the Key Accounts team, providing coaching and development to ensure high performance and successful delivery of strategic goals.
- **Program Leadership:**
- Lead the Key Accounts program and strategy, partnering closely with platform partners to deliver scalable support to Aleph local sales teams to drive onboarding and growth of key accounts.
- **Program Management:**
- Develop best practices and playbooks for key accounts. Cascade priorities and updates on relationship progress and blockers. Coordinate planning and lead key accounts reviews.
- **Collaboration:**
- Be the key point of contact for individual key accounts internally at Aleph and externally with platform partners.
- **Relationship Building:**
- Build relationships with leadership within priority key accounts, leveraging this influence to drive budget allocation.
- **Co-pitching:**
- Co-pitch with local sales teams where required, elevating conversations by leveraging regional and global expertise.

## What will make you successful in this role:

- 10+ years experience in strategic key account management and partnerships, ideally within the digital advertising or platform industry.
- 3+ years of demonstrable experience in team management, leadership, and mentorship.
- Demonstrated ability to build and influence relationships with leadership contacts at major strategic clients.
- Proven track record in driving performance and budget allocation for large, strategic accounts.
- Strong skills in co-pitching and collaborating with local sales teams to drive budget allocation and elevate client conversations.
- Ability to build scalable models for program management and identifying new, performance-driven opportunities.
- Deep familiarity with the operations of large, strategic key accounts and understanding of their performance-driven needs.

Aleph is a place of many cultures, perspectives, and talents. We support each other, creating an environment of giving and receiving. We value partnership and communication because we believe it takes a group of people to achieve great things. We are energized by our ever-changing industry, our curiosity keeps us learning and seeking out new opportunities.

We stay flexible and adaptable, and believe in moving with the speed of change. We encourage everyone to strive for more, providing our internal talent with growth opportunities and the ability to learn together.

#ALEPH