<p><strong>Role OVO-View</strong></p>
<p><strong>Team:</strong> OVO Drive</p>
<p><strong>Location:</strong><strong><em> </em></strong><em>Hub Based - Hybrid for all</em></p>
<p><strong>Salary banding:</strong>&nbsp; <em>£40,000 - £54,000</em></p>
<p><strong>Experience:</strong> <em>Experienced&nbsp;</em></p>
<p><strong>Working pattern:</strong><strong> </strong><em>Full-Time</em></p>
<p><strong>Reporting to: &nbsp;</strong><em>Lead iOS Engineer - OVO Drive </em></p>
<p><strong>Sponsorship:</strong> <em>Unfortunately we are unable to offer sponsorship for this role.</em></p>
<p><strong>This role in 3 words:</strong> <em>Impactful, Exciting, Challenging</em></p>
<p><strong>Top 3 qualities for this role:</strong> <em>Curiosity, Confidence, Collaborative</em></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Where you’ll work:</strong></p>
<p>Depending on the needs of your business area, we expect hub based people to be in the office at least once a week, and to go to OVO Connection events in-person.&nbsp;</p>
<p>You’ll be assigned to the closest one of our three hub offices, Bristol, Glasgow, or London; unless your role requires field-based work. Each hub has accessible spaces to park your laptop, is designed to inspire people, help them connect and bring big ideas to life.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Everyone belongs at OVO:</strong></p>
<p>At OVO, we are on a mission to solve one of humanity's biggest challenges, the climate crisis. And we know it takes all of us to change the world. That's why we need diverse people from all abilities, gender identities, ethnicities, ages, sexual orientations, life experiences and backgrounds to join us.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Teamworking for the planet:</strong></p>
<p>Everything we do here spins around <a href="https://company.ovo.com/planzero/">Plan Zero.</a> So, naturally, the team you’ll be joining plays a gigantic role in making that happen. Here’s how:</p>
<p>We’ve made good progress on the UK’s path to net zero. But we can do better. Research shows that 100% renewable energy tariffs aren't actually making the grid greener. We have to go further. We need to save energy, use power at smarter times of the day and look at other ways to help our customers reduce their carbon footprint.</p>
<p>That’s where OVO Drive comes in, it's our dedicated electric vehicle business. We already provide hardware installations, home &amp; public charging but we want so much more, we want to build a single app experience that covers everything an EV driver could need. This role will play a huge part in that.</p>
<p>We work like a start up- using our entrepreneurial, OVO Way spirit to drive us forward. And we’ll be flexible about how we do it - trying new things, growing the ones that work and learning new, green skills as we go.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>This role in a nutshell:</strong></p>
<p>Sitting in the OVO Drive department this role will support the development of the native <strong>OVO Charge </strong>mobile<strong> </strong>app. This is the department’s flagship product, which opens up the public electric vehicle (EV) charging infrastructure for EV drivers across Europe and provides OVO Energy customers a simple interface to manage their Home Charging at a discounted rate.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Your key outcomes will be:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><strong>Technical Delivery:</strong> Design, Build and Test new features from our driver-facing B2C app</li>
<li><strong>Champion quality:</strong> Maintain the products your team is responsible for to guarantee that we offer customers with a high-quality and reliable experience.</li>
<li><strong>Collaborate &amp; Influence:</strong> Partner closely with product managers, designers and key stakeholders to ensure that acceptance criteria are met reliably and in time.</li>
<li><strong>Business alignment:</strong> Understand how your work contributes to business goals.</li>
<li><strong>Join the community:</strong> Proactively engage with your peers to contribute to the community within the team and the wider business.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>You’ll be successful in this role</strong><strong>&nbsp;if you…</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><strong>Technical Expertise:</strong> Considerable experience in Native Mobile Software Engineering, with a track record of contributing to engineering teams. Professional experience with Swift for iOS mobile app development.</li>
<li><strong>Ways of working:</strong> Have experience in an agile environment working with a rapidly evolving product</li>
<li><strong>Product Engineering:</strong> Are passionate about product and user experience – customers are at the heart of everything you do! Strong commercial thinking is a plus!</li>
<li><strong>Impact:</strong> You’ll have a strong desire to have impact and taking ownership early on</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Let’s talk about what’s in it for you:</strong></p>
<p>We’ll pay you between £40,000 - £54,000, depending on your specific skills and experience.</p>
<p>We keep our pay ranges broad on purpose to give us, and you, flexibility to match your experience to our zero carbon mission.</p>
<p>You’ll be eligible for an on-target bonus of 15%. We have one OVO bonus plan that focuses on the collective performance of our people to deliver our Plan Zero goal.&nbsp;</p>
<p>We also offer plenty of green benefits and progressive policies to help you feel like you belong at OVO…and there’s flex pay. We'll give you 9% Flex Pay on top of your salary – 4% of this is auto enrolled into your pension, and the remaining 5% is yours to do what you like with. You can use this to buy from our extensive range of flexible benefits, including our green benefits which we've put at the heart of our offering, add to your pension or even take it as cash.</p>
<p>Here’s a taster of what’s on offer:&nbsp;</p>
<p>For starters, you’ll get 34 days of holiday (including bank holidays). <br><br><strong>For your health</strong><strong><br></strong>With benefits like a healthcare cash plan or private medical insurance depending on your career level, critical illness cover, life assurance, health assessments, and more<br><strong><br></strong><strong>For your wellbeing</strong><strong><br></strong>With gym membership, travel insurance, workplace ISA, will writing services, dental insurance, and more <strong><br></strong><strong><br></strong><strong>For your lifestyle </strong><strong><br></strong>With extra holiday buying, discount dining, home &amp; tech loans, and supporting your favourite charities with give-as-you-earn donations<br><br><strong>For your home&nbsp; </strong><strong><br></strong>Get up to £400 towards any OVO Energy plan, plus great discounts on solar, smart thermostats and EV chargers<br><strong><br></strong><strong>For your commute </strong><strong><br></strong>Nab a great deal on ultra-low emission car leasing<strong>, </strong>plus our cycle to work scheme and public transport season ticket loans <br><br>Want to hear about our full range of flexible benefits and progressive people policies? Our People Team can tell you everything you need to know.</p>
<p><strong>For your Belonging</strong></p>
<p>To find better ways to support our people, we need to listen to each other’s experiences and find ways to build a truly inclusive and diverse workplace. As part of this, we have 8 Belonging Networks at OVO. Led by our people, for our people - so when you join OVO, you can play a part - big or small - with any of the Networks. It's up to you.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Oh, and one last thing...</strong></p>
<p>We’d be thrilled if you tick off all our boxes, yet we also believe it’s just as important we tick off all of yours. And if you think you have most of what we’re looking for but not every single thing, go ahead and hit <strong>apply</strong>. We’d still love to hear from you!</p>
<p>If you have any additional requirements, there’s a space to let us know on the application form; we want to make the process as easy and comfortable for you as possible.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>