## Your mission

<h6 style="text-align:justify;">Your mission</h6><div style="text-align:justify;">We know healthcare is not the easiest industry to revolutionize (think regulation or market access). This means resilience and resourcefulness become essential qualities. For this exciting new opportunity in the fast-growing MedTech sector, we are looking for a dedicated <strong>Embedded Developer - full time (m/f/x)</strong> - to join our company's data science team in Berlin.</div><div style="text-align:justify;"><br></div><div style="text-align:justify;">It’s important that you believe in what you do and help work towards our shared goals.</div><div style="text-align:justify;"><br></div><div style="text-align:justify;"><strong>What you will do<br></strong></div><p style="text-align:justify;">• Take part in cross-disciplinary ideation and development cycles along with physicists, engineers, and data scientists; <br>• Form bridge between high-level software and low-level hardware solutions;<br>• Define system requirements and implement embedded firmware in sequential or concurrent code; <br>• Collaborate with engineers and technicians to design and apply new system processes.</p>

## Your profile

<p style="text-align:justify;">• Expertise in embedded development and understanding of electronic systems; <br>• Experience working with micro-controllers and ideally FPGAs; <br>• Familiarity with communication interfaces and protocols such as Ethernet, USB, SPI, I2C; <br>• Experience with digital signal processing; <br>• Experience in collaborating with higher level software clients:<br>• Experience with embedded development/system architecture for handheld devices is a plus;<br>• Familiarity with regulated frameworks (medical, automotive, etc.) is a plus;<br>• Experience with industry standards such as ISO 13485, IEC 60601-1, IEC 60825, IEC 62304 is a plus.</p>

## Why us?

<div style="text-align:justify;">●   The opportunity to make a difference and improve people's lives;</div><div style="text-align:justify;">●   Work side by side together with top data scientists, physicists, hardware and software engineers;</div><div style="text-align:justify;">●    Access to a well-established technology and business network;</div><div style="text-align:justify;">●    An enjoyable place to work in the heart of Berlin, with flexible working hours;</div><div style="text-align:justify;">●    A welcoming working culture that encourages personal growth as the basis for company growth;</div><div style="text-align:justify;">●    Last but not least, a competitive salary.</div><div style="text-align:justify;"><br></div><div style="text-align:justify;"><strong>Will you fit our culture?</strong></div><div style="text-align:justify;">At DiaMonTech we have a diverse, highly motivated and skilled team of international professionals working towards our common goals. We give our talented and dynamic employees the opportunity to unleash their potential, allowing them to take responsibility and bring creative new ideas along.</div><div style="text-align:justify;"><br></div><div style="text-align:justify;">We are an equal opportunity employer and do not discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment on the basis of race, color, sex, age, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, social status, and basis of disability or any other class protected by German law.</div><div style="text-align:justify;"><br></div><div style="text-align:justify;"><strong>Interested?</strong> </div><div style="text-align:justify;">Please submit one single PDF file containing your CV, cover letter with the subject "Embedded Developer 2025 - P", earliest starting date, salary expectations, and a confirmation that you have permission to work in the EU. We are looking forward to hearing from you!</div>