<h2><strong>Who we are</strong></h2>
<div>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">Helsing is a defence AI company. Our mission is to protect our democracies. We aim to achieve technological leadership, so that open societies can continue to make sovereign decisions and control their ethical standards.</span><span data-ccp-props="{">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">As democracies, we believe we have a special responsibility to be thoughtful about the development and deployment of powerful technologies like AI. We take this responsibility seriously.</span><span data-ccp-props="{">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span data-contrast="none">We are an ambitious and committed team of engineers, AI specialists and customer-facing programme managers.<span data-contrast="auto">&nbsp;We are looking for mission-driven people to join our European teams – and apply their skills to solve the most complex and impactful problems. We embrace an open and transparent culture that welcomes healthy debates on the use of technology in defence, its benefits, and its ethical implications.</span><span data-ccp-props="{">&nbsp;</span></span></p>
</div>
<h2><strong>The role</strong></h2>
<div>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="6151">As a Product Manager, you will be responsible for discovering and delivering a product that unlocks new capabilities for our customers.</p>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="6288">Product Manager at Helsing is a fully-fledged product role. We do not have Product Owners, and you will not have product owner-type responsibilities. Your focus is on identifying the product that Helsing needs to build in your space and orchestrating the company to successfully deliver it. This stretches from commercial strategy and go-to-market through to product design and technical architecture.</p>
<h2 data-renderer-start-pos="6288">The day-to-day</h2>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="6691">As a company, we are in the process of defining how software and AI will work in mission-critical situations in defence. We need Product Managers who can wade into a promising product area and leverage customers, teammates, and leadership to develop an idea into a prototype and a prototype into a product, with a matching business strategy.</p>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="7034">It’s a big role, and most people don’t have all the skills yet. We’re looking for capable, motivated people who we can develop into Product Management all-stars.</p>
</div>
<h2>You should apply if you</h2>
<ul>
<li data-renderer-start-pos="7874">
<p>Have an appreciation of the broad role of product management within a company, from commercial through to technical</p>
</li>
<li data-renderer-start-pos="7988">
<p>Have a willingness to lean into uncertainty and lead a team in the discovery of a new product and its co-creation with our customers</p>
</li>
<li data-renderer-start-pos="8119">
<p>Have the intellectual curiosity to learn about the many new areas you’ll be taken into: radar systems; defence procurement; military doctrine; node computing; defence-industrial policy; few-shot learning; and so on…</p>
</li>
<li data-renderer-start-pos="8333">
<p>Have personal values which match ours: ownership, initiative, dedication to mission, speed and inclusiveness&nbsp;</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p><em data-renderer-mark="true">Note: <em data-stringify-type="italic">We operate at an intersection where women, as well as other minority groups, are systemically under-represented. We encourage you to apply even if you don’t meet all the listed qualifications; ability and impact cannot be summarised in a few bullet points.</em></em></p>
<h2><span data-contrast="auto">Join Helsing and work with world-leading experts in their fields</span><span data-ccp-props="{">&nbsp;</span></h2>
<ul>
<li>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">Helsing’s work is important. You’ll be directly contributing to the protection of democratic countries while balancing both ethical and geopolitical concerns.</span><span data-ccp-props="{">&nbsp;</span></p>
</li>
<li>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">The work is unique. We operate in a domain that has highly unusual technical requirements and constraints, and where robustness, safety, and ethical considerations are vital. You will face unique Engineering and AI challenges that make a meaningful impact in the world.</span><span data-ccp-props="{">&nbsp;</span></p>
</li>
<li>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">Our work frequently takes us right up to the state of the art in technical innovation, be it reinforcement learning, distributed systems, generative AI, or deployment infrastructure. The defence industry is entering the most exciting phase of the technological development curve. Advances in our field of world are not incremental: Helsing is part of, and often leading, historic leaps forward.</span><span data-ccp-props="{">&nbsp;</span></p>
</li>
<li>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">In our domain, success is a matter of order-of-magnitude improvements and novel capabilities. This means we take bets, aim high, and focus on big opportunities. Despite being a relatively young company, Helsing has already been selected for multiple significant government contracts.&nbsp;</span><span data-ccp-props="{">&nbsp;</span></p>
</li>
<li>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">We actively encourage healthy, proactive, and diverse debate internally about what we do and how we choose to do it. Teams and individual engineers are trusted (and encouraged) to practise responsible autonomy and critical thinking, and to focus on outcomes, not conformity. At Helsing you will have a say in how we (and you!) work, the opportunity to engage on what does and doesn’t work, and to take ownership of aspects of our culture that you care deeply about.</span><span data-ccp-props="{">&nbsp;</span></p>
</li>
</ul>
<h2 id="What-we-offer" data-renderer-start-pos="3238"><span id="6afa48f9-b797-428b-aa69-0bc8163b3593" data-renderer-mark="true" data-mark-type="annotation" data-mark-annotation-type="inlineComment" data-id="6afa48f9-b797-428b-aa69-0bc8163b3593">What we offer</span></h2>
<ul>
<li>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">A focus on outcomes, not time-tracking</span></p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Competitive compensation and stock options</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Relocation support</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Social and education allowances</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Regular company events and all-hands to bring together employees as one team across Europe</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p data-prosemirror-content-type="node" data-prosemirror-node-name="paragraph" data-prosemirror-node-block="true" data-pm-slice="1 1 [&quot;table&quot;,{&quot;displayMode&quot;:null,&quot;isNumberColumnEnabled&quot;:false,&quot;layout&quot;:&quot;default&quot;,&quot;localId&quot;:&quot;bbd74d83-0b12-4e71-a1f3-30156373b99d&quot;,&quot;width&quot;:760,&quot;\_\_autoSize&quot;:false},&quot;tableRow&quot;,{},&quot;tableCell&quot;,{&quot;colspan&quot;:1,&quot;rowspan&quot;:1,&quot;colwidth&quot;:null,&quot;background&quot;:null},&quot;bulletList&quot;,null,&quot;listItem&quot;,null]"><span style="color: rgb(236, 240, 241);">#LI-DNI</span></p>
<p><em data-renderer-mark="true">Helsing is an equal opportunities employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, religion, sexual orientation, age, marital status, disability or gender identity. Please do not submit personal data revealing racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, trade union membership, data concerning your health, or data concerning your sexual orientation.</em></p><div class="content-conclusion"><div>&nbsp;</div>
<div>Helsing's Candidate Privacy and Confidentiality Regime can be found <a href="https://helsing.ai/candidate-privacy-and-confidentiality-regime/" target="\_blank">here</a>.&nbsp;</div>
<div>&nbsp;</div>
<div>&nbsp;</div></div>