<div class="content-intro"><h3>ABOUT TIDE</h3>
<p>At Tide we help SMEs save time (and money) in the running of their businesses by not only offering business accounts and related banking services, but also a comprehensive set of highly usable and connected administrative solutions from invoicing to accounting.</p>
<p>Tide is transforming the small business banking market with over 1.8 million members globally across the UK, India, Germany and France.</p>
<p>Using advanced technology, all solutions are designed with SMEs in mind. With quick onboarding, low fees and innovative features, we thrive on making data-driven decisions to serve our mission: to help SMEs save both time (and money) so they can get back to doing what they love.</p>
<p><strong>Tide facts:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Tide is available for UK, Indian, German and French SMEs</li>
<li>Over 1.8 million members: 800,000 UK and 1,000,000 in India and growing rapidly</li>
<li>Over $300 million raised in funding</li>
<li>Over 2,500 Tideans globally - we’re diversity champions!</li>
<li>We have offices in Central London, with a member support and technology centre in Sofia, Bulgaria, technology centres in Serbia, Romania, Lithuania and Hyderabad and offices in Gurugram and New Delhi, and in Berlin, Paris and Luxembourg.</li>
</ul></div><h2><strong>About the team</strong></h2>
<p>As a Social Media Support Specialist, you would be helping businesses across the UK and German markets to become success stories every day. You’ll love talking to people, and have an empathetic nature along with a passion for solving customer problems. You will play a key part in helping Tide expand by providing around the clock support, every day of the year.</p>
<h2><strong>About the role</strong></h2>
<p><strong>As a Social Media Support Specialist you’ll be:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Providing the best customer experience when handling member queries and feedback on social media and review channels both in<strong> German and English;</strong></li>
<li>Supporting Root Cause Analysis and internal feedback loops with frontline support and specialist domains to mitigate an increase and repeat of complaints;</li>
<li>Helping to cultivate and maintain a unique and customer-centric culture on Tide’s public channels using Tide’s Tone of Voice;</li>
<li>Having the opportunity to support other members of the wider Tide team</li>
<li>Investigating complex issues and engaging with the PR, Marketing, Product and Content teams;</li>
<li>Delivering general front-line Customer Service in addition to creating small educational pieces of content for our members;</li>
<li>Working on shifts.</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>What we are looking for</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>You have excellent spoken and written <strong>English and German</strong> skills</li>
<li>You have a good understanding of content creation and community management principles.</li>
<li>You are a great communicator – you are able to explain complex information in a simple and easy to understand way and be confident talking with our customers</li>
<li>You have experience with handling queries via at least one social media or review platform for a minimum of 1 year</li>
<li>You show ownership in your work and feel comfortable dealing with ambiguity</li>
<li>You enjoy finding novel ways to solve difficult problems</li>
<li>You have really strong organisational skills and you are able to juggle priorities to ensure that members get the best support experience</li>
<li>You have good understanding of financial services terminology</li>
<li>You enjoy helping mentor new members of the team, and support them with your wisdom and experience and help out with common back office tasks</li>
<li>You are comfortable working with targets and KPIs</li>
<li>You are comfortable using industry tools like Kustomer, GSuite, and Jira</li>
<li>You have experience working in start-ups or scale-ups</li>
<li>You have experience working with Agile practices</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>What you’ll get in return:&nbsp;</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>25 days paid annual leave&nbsp;</li>
<li>3 paid days off for volunteering or L&amp;D activities</li>
<li>Extended maternity and paternity leave covered by the company</li>
<li>Personal L&amp;D budget in the amount of 1000 BGN per year</li>
<li>Additional health &amp; dental insurance</li>
<li>Mental wellbeing platform&nbsp;</li>
<li>Fully covered Multisports card</li>
<li>Food vouchers</li>
<li>Snacks, light food, drinks in the office</li>
<li>WFH equipment allowance</li>
<li>Flexible working from home</li>
<li>Sabbatical Leave</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Tidean Ways of Working&nbsp;</strong></h2>
<p>Make work, work for you! Tide embraces and supports flexible working arrangements. We are a remote-first business that enables its employees to work remotely from anywhere in their home country. Additionally, Our Working Outside the Office (WOO) policy allows you to work from anywhere in the world, up to 90 days per year per country.</p><div class="content-conclusion"><h3>TIDE IS A PLACE FOR EVERYONE</h3>
<p>At Tide, we believe that we can only succeed if we let our differences enrich our culture. Our Tideans come from a variety of backgrounds and experience levels. We consider everyone irrespective of their ethnicity, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, family or parental status, national origin, veteran, neurodiversity or differently-abled status. We celebrate diversity in our workforce as a cornerstone of our success. Our commitment to a broad spectrum of ideas and backgrounds is what enables us to build products that resonate with our members’ diverse needs and lives.&nbsp;</p>
<p>We are One Team and foster a transparent and inclusive environment, where everyone’s voice is heard.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><em>At Tide, we thrive on diversity, embracing various backgrounds and experiences. We welcome all individuals regardless of ethnicity, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, or disability. Our inclusive culture is key to our success, helping us build products that meet our members' diverse needs. We are One Team, committed to transparency and ensuring everyone’s voice is heard.</em></p>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section">&nbsp;</div>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section"><strong>Disclaimer</strong></div>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section">&nbsp;</div>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section"><em>It has come to our attention that individuals or agencies are falsely claiming to represent Tide and are reaching out to candidates regarding job opportunities. Please be aware that:</em></div>
<ul class="p-rich\_text\_list p-rich\_text\_list\_\_bullet p-rich\_text\_list--nested" data-stringify-type="unordered-list" data-list-tree="true" data-indent="0" data-border="0">
<li style="font-style: italic;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><em>Tide does&nbsp;<strong data-stringify-type="bold">not</strong>&nbsp;charge any fees at any stage of the recruitment process.</em></li>
<li style="font-style: italic;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><em>All official Tide job opportunities are listed exclusively on our&nbsp;<a href="https://www.tide.co/careers/" target="\_blank"><strong data-stringify-type="bold">Careers Page</strong></a>&nbsp;and applications should be submitted through this channel.</em></li>
<li style="font-style: italic;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><em>Communication from Tide will only come from an official&nbsp;<strong data-stringify-type="bold">@tide</strong><strong data-stringify-type="bold">.co</strong>&nbsp;email address.</em></li>
<li style="font-style: italic;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><em>Tide does not work with agencies or recruiters without prior formal engagement, and we do not authorize third parties to make job offers on our behalf.</em></li>
</ul>
<p><em>If you are contacted by anyone misrepresenting Tide or requesting payment, please treat it as fraudulent and report it to us immediately at <a href="mailto:talent@tide.co" target="\_blank">talent@tide.co</a><br>Your safety and trust are important to us, and we are committed to ensuring a fair and transparent recruitment process.</em></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><em><em data-stringify-type="italic">Tide leverages AI to enhance our hiring experience. You can read more about how we use AI in our recruitment process in our <a href="https://assets.ctfassets.net/3h69mkdgxn20/5MFtWSdG8YLKq3jZkK52NY/3f18633073e6cdbd03bba4b9791c64f4/Using\_AI\_throughout\_the\_Hiring\_Process.pdf" target="\_blank">AI Policy</a>.</em></em></p>
<p><em><em data-stringify-type="italic">Your personal data will be processed by Tide for recruitment purposes and in accordance with </em><em data-stringify-type="italic"><a class="c-link" href="https://assets.ctfassets.net/3h69mkdgxn20/4TE0uAE3SXomATDVneocNA/aa31893960b4064dd406ad15d029dcd3/Recruitment\_Privacy\_Notice.pdf" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://assets.ctfassets.net/3h69mkdgxn20/1MYf6q4ZMWugpeaROVETBN/526e9c160a2de03576413c81657c6466/Recruitment\_Privacy\_Notice\_\_Final\_Draft\_\_Sep\_2024\_.pdf" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">Tide's Recruitment Privacy Notice</a></em><em data-stringify-type="italic">.</em></em></p></div>