<p>At JetBrains code is our passion. Since we started in 2000, we’ve been striving to make the most effective developer tools on earth. Our tools speed up production by automating routine checks and corrections, freeing developers to grow, discover, and create.</p>
<p>We're currently seeking a dynamic Deal Desk Manager to join our team. This new role is pivotal in managing large deals and facilitating their timely swift closure. Your scope will be extensive, encompassing everything from streamlining discount management processes to conducting win-loss analyses and enforcing discount policies – all aimed at accelerating JetBrains' revenue growth.</p>
<p>We're looking for a professional who can confidently take charge of the Discount Management team with a proven track record. From day one, you'll collaborate across functions and partner&nbsp; liaise with sales leads, becoming the go-to expert for your sales segment or product line.</p>
<p><strong>As part of our team, you will:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Develop and refine our discount policy.</li>
<li>Manage and analyze product/region&nbsp; product and regional performance based on effective discounts.</li>
<li>Develop metrics and forecast future discount effects. forecast the impact of future discounting</li>
<li>Conduct performance analysis for sales roles and functions, including price sensitivity.</li>
<li>Support the discount provisioning process from request to through deprecation.</li>
<li>Prepare regular reports on plan implementation, goal achievement, and win-loss analyses.</li>
<li>Work closely with commercial unit heads leaders.</li>
<li>Recommend and implement pricing policy changes.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>We would be happy to have you on our team if you have:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Expertise in managing discount provisioning and changes.</li>
<li>A strong ability to collaborate with commercial unit leaders.</li>
<li>Proficiency in preparing analytical reports and win-loss analyses.</li>
<li>Familiarity with financial or operational discounts.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Preferred qualifications</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Advanced proficiency in Excel (functions and pivot tables).</li>
<li>Advanced SQL knowledge.</li>
<li>Experience in setting and optimizing business processes in any field.</li>
</ul>
<p>Join us at JetBrains and play a crucial role in driving our revenue growth through strategic discount management and deal facilitation.</p>
<p><br><span style="color: rgb(255, 255, 255);">#LI-HYBRID&nbsp;</span><br><br></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>We are an equal opportunity employer</strong><br><br>We know great ideas can come from anyone, anywhere. That’s why we do our best to create an open and inclusive workplace – one that welcomes everyone regardless of their background, identity, religion, age, accessibility needs, or orientation.</p>
<p><em data-stringify-type="italic">We process the data provided in your job application in accordance with the <a href="https://www.jetbrains.com/legal/docs/privacy/privacy-recruitment/">Recruitment Privacy Policy.</a></em></p></div>