<p>We are looking for a commercially astute and data-driven Commercial Finance Manager to join our UK and Ireland finance team. This isn’t just a "number crunching" role; you’ll be the key partner to our operational leaders.</p>
<p>The ideal candidate will be someone who can get to the root of how our operation runs to ensure every decision is backed by sound commercial logic. You’ll need to be comfortable challenging senior business leaders, and adept at turning results into the strategic insights necessary to turn operational complexity into a competitive advantage.</p>
<p>This role offers broad exposure across multiple business units and entities, where there is significant scope to help shape the future of how we help serve Dinnertime to our millions of customers worldwide!</p>
<p><strong>Key Responsibilities:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><strong>Stakeholder Partnership; </strong>Build strong relationships with the Ops Directors &amp; senior managers across our fulfillment and logistics teams, understanding their function and becoming a trusted advisor.</li>
<li><strong>Insight Generation;</strong> Interpret complex data sources to produce meaningful business insights. You won't just report the ‘what’; you will explain the ‘why’ and the ‘what next?’</li>
<li><strong>Business Casing; </strong>Evaluate new cost saving initiatives, commercial partnerships and revenue opportunities with a targeted focus on driving ROI at all times.</li>
<li><strong>Forecasting/Budgeting</strong>; Work closely with both local and international stakeholders to generate reliable, data driven forecasts whilst proactively challenging assumptions and driving continuous improvement at every turn.</li>
<li><strong>Month End &amp; Board Reporting; </strong>Lead the Month End accounting process for operations, ensuring a high level of accuracy in our management reporting and helping stakeholders understand their performance through data.</li>
<li><strong>Mentoring; </strong>Support in the coaching and development of our senior financial analyst, providing direction and leadership to them in their career development.</li>
<li><strong>Continuous Improvement;</strong> Being an advocate for challenging the status quo, relishing the challenge of optimising workflows and creative in your approach to maximising time spent on value-add topics.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>What we’re looking for:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>A qualified accountant with 2-3 years of PQ experience</li>
<li><strong>Experience working within physical product-based businesses (e.g. manufacturing, operational environments, FMCG, or similar industries) would be advantageous</strong></li>
<li>Someone highly commercial with strong financial literacy and proven experience in a fast paced environment managing simultaneous deadlines.</li>
<li>Experience of designing, developing or maintaining structured scenario planning models and effectively using them to deliver tangible business outcomes</li>
<li>A continuous improvement mindset where you strive under the challenge of trying to continually improve the financial or operational performance &amp; efficiency.</li>
<li>An aptitude for managing large/complex datasets – a good working knowledge of Microsoft Office/Google workspace tools is required, whilst SQL exposure would be advantageous</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>You are:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Curious and proactive self-starter who seeks to understand concepts deeply and continuously improve processes</li>
<li>A fast learner with strong problem-solving skills and financial acumen, able to work independently with minimal direction</li>
<li>An effective communicator and stakeholder manager, skilled at building strong relationships and influencing outcomes</li>
<li>Detail-oriented, accuracy-focused, and comfortable thriving in fast-paced, evolving environments</li>
<li>Comfortable working with ambiguity and at pace - the problem may not always be clearly defined but you are able to identify what will add value and then deliver solutions.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>What you will get in return:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>70% off HelloFresh or Green Chef boxes</li>
<li>Company pension scheme</li>
<li>Gym membership</li>
<li>Bupa private medical insurance (including dental &amp; family cover options)</li>
<li>Mental health first aiders and an employee assistance programme</li>
<li>Dog friendly office! (London site only)</li>
<li>Nursery support scheme</li>
<li>Cycle to work scheme</li>
<li>Group Life Assurance</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Location: The HelloFresh Farm, 60 Worship Street, EC2A 2EZ, London</strong></p>
<p>To be considered for this role, you’ll need to have the independent right to work in the UK, as we're unfortunately unable to provide sponsorship at this time.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>