<h2><strong>About Parloa</strong></h2>
<p>Parloa’s mission is to make every customer conversation feel effortless for both customers and the companies serving them. As agentic AI accelerates, Parloans are shaping the foundation of a new era in customer experience - one where customer support is no longer transactions, but meaningful exchanges. It is not just a vision; Parloa has powered over ONE BILLION interactions between global enterprise brands and their customers, with companies like Booking.com, HealthEquity, Allianz, SAP, BarmeniaGothaer, and TUI already deploying Parloa at scale.</p>
<h2><strong>About the role:</strong></h2>
<p>As the <strong>WEUR</strong> <strong>Business Development Team Lead, </strong>you will spearhead our efforts in driving revenue growth and market expansion for our SaaS product in the Western European market.</p>
<p>Your mission is to lead and empower a team of Business Development Executives to establish and nurture relationships, drive sales opportunities, and deliver impactful results in a dynamic and competitive landscape.</p>
<h2><strong>Areas of ownership:</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Lead and mentor a team of Business Development Executives to achieve and exceed sales targets in the WEUR market.</li>
<li>Develop and execute strategic sales plans, focusing on enterprise-level clients and pipeline generation.</li>
<li>Foster a culture of continuous learning and development within the team, providing coaching and training to enhance sales skills and performance.</li>
<li>Collaborate closely with cross-functional teams including Account Executives, Marketing, and Partnerships to align sales strategies and drive business growth.</li>
<li>Analyze sales data and metrics to identify trends, insights, and areas for improvement, driving informed decision-making and optimization of sales strategies.</li>
<li>Maintain detailed documentation for sales processes, best practices, and training materials to ensure consistency and scalability.</li>
<li>Drive collaboration and communication across the organization to achieve collective success and deliver exceptional customer value.</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>Our Sales Tech-stack:</strong></h3>
<p>LinkedIn Sales Navigator, Gong Engage, Salesforce, Clay, Nooks, Notion, Asana</p>
<h2><strong>Who you are:</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Proven track record of leading one or multiple Business Development Executive teams in the WEUR region, focusing on enterprise-level sales.</li>
<li>Experience in Business Development in a B2B SaaS company.</li>
<li>Exceptional communication skills, both verbal and written in English. Additional Southern European languages are a plus.</li>
<li>Strong analytical skills with the ability to derive insights from sales data.</li>
<li>Ability to collaborate effectively with cross-functional teams and drive results in a fast-paced environment.</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>NICE TO HAVE:</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Previous experience working in the Conversational AI (ConvAI) space.</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>Your recruiting process at Parloa:</strong></h3>
<p>Recruiter video call → Hiring Manager → Case Study → Leadership Call → Bar Raiser</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><iframe style="display: table; margin-left: auto; margin-right: auto;" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/P4d-iyx7RQM" width="560" height="314"></iframe></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<hr>
<p>Parloa is committed to upholding the highest data protection standards for our clients' and employees' data. All our employees are instrumental in ensuring the utmost care, GDPR, and ISO compliance, including ISO 27001, in handling sensitive information.</p>
<p>Parloa is an e-verify employer in the USA. <a class="c-link" href="https://www.e-verify.gov/about-e-verify/what-is-e-verify" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://www.e-verify.gov/about-e-verify/what-is-e-verify" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">Please click here to learn more</a>.</p>
<p><strong>\* </strong><strong>We provide equal opportunities to all qualified applicants regardless race, gender, sexual orientation, age, religion, national origin, disability status, socioeconomic background and other characteristics.</strong></p></div>