<div class="content-intro"><p>From Fivetran’s founding until now, our mission has remained the same: to make access to data as simple and reliable as electricity. With Fivetran, customer data arrives in their warehouses, canonical and ready to query, with no engineering or maintenance required. We’re proud that more organizations continue to leverage our technology every day to become truly data-driven.</p></div><p><span style="font-size: 10pt;"><strong>About the Role</strong></span></p>
<p><span style="font-size: 10pt;">As a Fivetran Sales Engineer in ASEAN, you will drive massive transformation and efficiency for enterprise customers in a booming market. Using your experience with Data Replication/Integration, ETL/ELT, cloud data warehousing, data lake houses, and analytics, you will skillfully guide prospects and partners to build faster, more reliable, and secure data foundations for the AI world. You will be directly and enthusiastically supported by a world-class Sales Engineering team, an agile and hungry APAC Sales team, and a suite of products that enable companies to leverage AI workloads with successful data foundations.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-size: 10pt;">This is a full-time, remote position based in Singapore.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-size: 10pt;"><strong>What You'll Do</strong></span></p>
<ul>
<li style="font-size: 10pt;"><span style="font-size: 10pt;">Drive pre-sales technical discovery and solutioning discussions with data architects, data engineers, database administrators, systems architects, and other technical professionals at all levels of customer organizations interested in getting more value out from their data</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 10pt;"><span style="font-size: 10pt;">Plan, manage, and effectively close out technical demonstrations and proof of concept (POC) projects, often serving as both the subject matter expert and project manager</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 10pt;"><span style="font-size: 10pt;">Respond to technical enquiries including Requests for Informations (RFIs), Proposals (RFPs) and similar formal documents</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 10pt;"><span style="font-size: 10pt;">Enable Fivetran staff, partner teams, and the data engineering community at large on data concepts, product features, competitive positioning, and best practices; this may take a variety of forms including but not limited to written articles, group presentations, bespoke training sessions, recorded videos, one-to-one coaching, etc.</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 10pt;"><span style="font-size: 10pt;">Provide technical guidance and assistance to new customers to ensure successful adoption and scale</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 10pt;"><span style="font-size: 10pt;">Be intimately familiar with and have a positive reputation within the ASEAN region.</span></li>
</ul>
<p><span style="font-size: 10pt;"><strong>Skills We're Looking For</strong></span></p>
<ul>
<li style="font-size: 10pt;"><span style="font-size: 10pt;">At least 6-8 years working/operational experience with Oracle, Microsoft SQL Server, SAP or similar within an enterprise or providing and supporting end-user database operations as a systems integrator</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 10pt;"><span style="font-size: 10pt;">Experienced in Data Replication/Integration (CDC) tools</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 10pt;"><span style="font-size: 10pt;">Solid knowledge of data lakes, lake houses and scalable data foundations for AI use cases</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 10pt;"><span style="font-size: 10pt;">Proficiency in SQL scripting</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 10pt;"><span style="font-size: 10pt;">Knowledge in Python/JavaScript and Rest API interaction</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 10pt;"><span style="font-size: 10pt;">Hands-on experience with modern databases (PostgreSQL, MariaDB/MySQL, MongoDB) in on-premise and cloud deployments.</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 10pt;"><span style="font-size: 10pt;">Working knowledge with one or more major cloud providers (AWS, GCP, Azure)</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 10pt;"><span style="font-size: 10pt;">Knowledge with modern cloud data warehousing providers ( Snowflake, Redshift, BigQuery or Databricks) and data lake architectures (Kafka, HDFS, S3, ADLS, GCS, Iceberg, Delta etc)</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 10pt;"><span style="font-size: 10pt;">Experience successfully demonstrating and articulating the value of Business Intelligence and Analytics tools</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 10pt;"><span style="font-size: 10pt;">Ability to influence technical audiences in their language, and influence business audiences by translating complex technology concepts</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 10pt;"><span style="font-size: 10pt;">Passion for data and analytics, a philosophy of using technology to help solve business problems</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 10pt;"><span style="font-size: 10pt;">Keen analytical and problem-solving skills</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 10pt;"><span style="font-size: 10pt;">Curiosity to learn and assimilate technical information quickly, enthusiasm to share and teach others</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 10pt;"><span style="font-size: 10pt;">Experience selling into and influencing multi-faceted decision-groups within large and complex organisations</span></li>
</ul>
<p><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;">#LI-REMOTE</span></p>
<p><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;"><span data-sheets-root="1">#LI-MM1</span></span></p><div class="content-conclusion"><p>&nbsp;</p>
<p class="p-rich\_text\_section" style="line-height: 1.3;"><strong data-stringify-type="bold">Perks and Benefits</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>100% employer-paid medical insurance<strong>\*</strong></li>
<li>Generous paid time-off policy (PTO), plus paid sick time, inclusive parental leave policy, holidays, and volunteer days off</li>
<li>RSU stock grants\*</li>
<li>Professional development and training opportunities</li>
<li>Company virtual happy hours, free food, and fun team-building activities</li>
<li>Monthly cell phone stipend</li>
<li>Access to an innovative mental health support platform that offers personalized care and resources in areas such as: therapy, coaching, and self-guided mindfulness exercises for all covered employees and their covered dependents.</li>
</ul>
<p style="line-height: 1.3;"><em><strong>\*</strong>May vary by country and worker type - please reach out to your recruiter for more information</em></p>
<p style="line-height: 1.3;"><em>Click <a href="https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1CdawUwjo1Q1B7ghZJ\_owdmmHB8VtqhBu?usp=sharing" target="\_blank">here</a> to learn more about Fivetran's Benefits by Region.</em></p>
<hr>
<p style="line-height: 1.3;">We’re honored to be <a class="c-link" href="https://fivetran.com/blog/hvr-acquisition-series-d" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://fivetran.com/blog/hvr-acquisition-series-d" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">valued at over $5.6 billion</a>, but more importantly, we’re proud of our&nbsp;<a class="c-link" href="https://fivetran.com/culture" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://fivetran.com/culture" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">core values of Get Stuck In, Do the Right Thing, and One Team, One Dream</a>. Read about us in&nbsp;<a class="c-link" href="https://fivetran-com.s3.amazonaws.com/news/forbes-aug-sept-2022-digital-reprint-10-21-22.pdf" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://fivetran-com.s3.amazonaws.com/news/forbes-aug-sept-2022-digital-reprint-10-21-22.pdf" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">Forbes</a>.&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;</p>
<p style="line-height: 1.3;">Fivetran brings together high-quality talent across the globe to make data access as easy and reliable as electricity for our customers. We value and recognize that our customers benefit from having innovative teams made of people from many backgrounds, experiences, and identities. Fivetran promotes diversity, equity, inclusion &amp; belonging through attracting, recruiting, developing, and retaining a diverse workforce, not only because it is the right thing to do, but because it helps us build a world-class company to better serve our customers, our people and our communities.</p>
<p style="line-height: 1.3;">To learn more about Fivetran’s culture and what it’s like to be part of the team, <a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xlhtp4dGh8o" target="\_blank">click here</a> and enjoy our video.</p>
<p style="line-height: 1.3;">To learn more about our candidate privacy policy, you can <a href="https://fivetran.com/candidate-privacy" target="\_blank">read our statement here</a>.</p>
<hr>
<p style="line-height: 1.3;"><em>We are committed to ensuring that all candidates have an equal opportunity to participate in our interview process. If you require accommodations at any stage of the process due to a disability, medical condition, or any other circumstance, please don't hesitate to submit your request by filling out this <a href="https://forms.gle/V7k3t4u9j523XkEt6">form</a>. We will work with you to provide reasonable accommodations to facilitate your participation and ensure a fair and accessible interview experience. Your request and any information provided will be kept confidential and will not impact your candidacy. We look forward to hearing from you and accommodating your needs to the best of our ability.</em></p></div>