<p>As part of Datadog’s GTM Enablement department, the Technical Solutions (TS) Enablement team helps share knowledge, provide ongoing education, create training materials, and maintain processes for our internal product experts including sales engineers, technical support engineers, technical customer enablement, and technical account managers. Our team supports a top-tier product that truly solves customer problems. We share technical and product expertise with the technical solutions team through demos, e-learning, live training, documentation, and ongoing support.</p>
<p>Datadog continues to grow at a rapid rate and with this exciting growth, our onboarding and ongoing training is also quickly increasing in scale and complexity. Technical Solutions Field Enablement Managers play a key part in fostering a highly engaging, positive, and professional learning environment for our technical learners. This position is responsible for providing onboarding and ongoing enablement training to our TS teams in the APJ region. We are looking for a structured communicator with a knack for simplifying the complex to develop and deliver the training content, curriculum, and programs that enable our technical solutions people to be successful in their jobs. This position is based in our Tokyo office, offering the opportunity to collaborate with local and global teams, while working at the forefront of cloud monitoring and observability.</p>
<p>Datadog is a monitoring service for hybrid cloud applications, assisting organizations in improving agility, increasing efficiency, and providing end-to-end visibility across the application and organization. These capabilities are provided on a SaaS-based data analytics platform that enables DevOps and other teams to accelerate go-to-market efforts, ensure application uptime, and successfully complete digital transformation initiatives.</p>
<p><em>At Datadog, we place value in our office culture - the relationships and collaboration it builds, and the creativity it brings to the table. We operate as a hybrid workplace to ensure our Datadogs can create a work-life harmony that best fits them.</em></p>
<h2><strong>What You’ll Do:</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Implement and facilitate effective in-person and virtual onboarding and technical training programs that will improve the performance and productivity of the regional technical solutions teams.</li>
<li>Regionalize training programs by incorporating APJ- or Japan-specific deals, customers, competitors, etc. into the content and talk tracks, and translate into Japanese as needed.</li>
<li>Partner with the Curriculum team to give feedback, and pilot new programs in development, co-building when appropriate.</li>
<li>Work closely with first line technical solutions leaders to identify, develop, and deliver ad hoc training as needed.</li>
<li>Work closely with technical solutions teams to observe and assess their processes, empathize with the realities of troubleshooting and demonstrating Datadog products, evaluate the impact of enablement programs and provide coaching to individual contributors, supporting TS leadership.</li>
<li>Utilize understanding of Datadog products, technical solutions team performance metrics, and key relationships with cross functional partners to contribute to enablement strategy.<br><br></li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Who You Are:</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>3-5 years in learning and development or technical enablement, in a training or teaching role working with technical concepts&nbsp;</li>
<li>Experience presenting day-long or multi-day trainings</li>
<li>Demonstrated history of coaching and mentoring colleagues around key role elements&nbsp;</li>
<li>Experience developing dynamic and engaging trainings for various audiences</li>
<li>A self-starter, tech-savvy professional who can easily understand a company’s business requirements and explain Datadog’s value and technical details to C-level executives, a technical guru and everyone in between&nbsp;</li>
<li>Outstanding verbal and written communicator; you make the complex simple</li>
<li>General knowledge of cloud technologies</li>
<li>Fluency in English and Japanese</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>Bonus Points:</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Experience at a high growth Software-as-a-Service or technology company</li>
<li>Experienced with AWS, Azure or GCP</li>
<li>Knowledge of DevOps</li>
<li>Experience enabling support or sales engineers with a structured methodology</li>
</ul>
<p><em>Datadog values people from all walks of life. We understand not everyone will meet all the above qualifications on day one. That's okay. If you’re passionate about technology and want to grow your skills, we encourage you to apply.</em></p>
<h2><strong>Benefits and Growth:</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>High income earning opportunities based on individual performance</li>
<li>New hire stock equity (RSUs) and employee stock purchase plan (ESPP)</li>
<li>Continuous professional development, product training, and career pathing</li>
<li>Sales training in MEDDIC and Command of the Message</li>
<li>Intradepartmental mentor and buddy program for in-house networking</li>
<li>An inclusive company culture, ability to join our Community Guilds (Datadog employee resource groups)</li>
<li>Access to Inclusion Talks, our Internal panel discussions</li>
<li>Free, global Spring Health benefits for employees and dependents age 6+</li>
<li>Competitive global benefits</li>
<li>Giving programs</li>
</ul>
<p><em>Benefits and Growth listed above may vary based on the country of your employment and the nature of your employment with Datadog.</em></p>
<p style="color: white;">#LI-Hybrid</p><div class="content-conclusion"><hr>
<p><strong>About Datadog:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>Datadog (NASDAQ: DDOG) is a global SaaS business, delivering a rare combination of growth and profitability. We are on a mission to break down silos and solve complexity in the cloud age by enabling digital transformation, cloud migration, and infrastructure monitoring of our customers’ entire technology stacks. Built by engineers, for engineers, Datadog is used by organizations of all sizes across a wide range of industries. Together, we champion professional development, diversity of thought, innovation, and work excellence to empower continuous growth. Join the pack and become part of a collaborative, pragmatic, and thoughtful people-first community where we solve tough problems, take smart risks, and celebrate one another. Learn more about #DatadogLife on <a href="https://www.instagram.com/datadoghq/?hl=en" target="\_blank">Instagram</a>, <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/company/datadog" target="\_blank">LinkedIn,</a> and <a href="https://learn.datadoghq.com/" target="\_blank">Datadog Learning Center. </a></p>
<hr>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="215"><strong data-renderer-mark="true">Equal Opportunity at Datadog:</strong></p>
<p>Datadog is proud to offer <a href="https://www.eeoc.gov/sites/default/files/2023-06/22-088\_EEOC\_KnowYourRights6.12ScreenRdr.pdf" target="\_blank">equal employment opportunity</a> to everyone regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity, veteran status, and other characteristics protected by law. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. Here are our <a href="https://www.datadoghq.com/legal/candidate-legal-notices/" target="\_blank">Candidate Legal Notices</a> for your reference.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Datadog endeavors to make our Careers Page accessible to all users. If you would like to contact us regarding the accessibility of our website or need assistance completing the application process, please complete <a href="https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSeoJeduEZ2NdZF\_65uZmWUrCM-zee7yADXX1s6Xr9zAGq8iKA/viewform" target="\_blank">this form</a>. This form is for accommodation requests only and cannot be used to inquire about the status of applications.&nbsp;</p>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="662"><strong data-renderer-mark="true">Privacy and AI Guidelines:</strong></p>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="662">Any information you submit to Datadog as part of your application will be processed in accordance with Datadog’s&nbsp;<a class="c-link" href="https://www.datadoghq.com/legal/applicant-candidate-privacy/" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://www.datadoghq.com/legal/applicant-candidate-privacy/" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">Applicant and Candidate Privacy Notice</a>. For information on our AI policy, please visit <a href="https://www.datadoghq.com/legal/interviewing-at-datadog-ai-guidelines/" target="\_blank">Interviewing at Datadog AI Guidelines</a>.</p></div>