<div class="content-intro"><p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Every day, tens of millions of people come to Roblox to explore, create, play, learn, and connect with friends in 3D immersive digital experiences– all created by our global community of developers and creators.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">At Roblox, we’re building the tools and platform that empower our community to bring any experience that they can imagine to life. Our vision is to reimagine the way people come together, from anywhere in the world, and on any device.</span><strong> </strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re on a mission to connect a billion people with optimism and civility, and looking for amazing talent to help us get there.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">A career at Roblox means you’ll be working to shape the future of human interaction, solving unique technical challenges at scale, and helping to create safer, more civil shared experiences for everyone.</span></p></div><p>As an Analyst, Vendor Assurance &amp; Compliance, you will support the Compliance team in maintaining operational controls, executing compliance reviews, and ensuring smooth day-to-day operations with our Vendor partners. You will play a crucial role in data analysis, invoice verification, and user access management, helping to safeguard company assets and streamline vendor processes.</p>
<h3><strong>You Will:</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Assist in executing regular compliance reviews and operational audits to ensure vendors adhere to established policies and processes.</li>
<li>Execute routine user access reviews and handle the day-to-day provisioning/de-provisioning of vendor agents across internal tools, systems, and databases.</li>
<li>Gather, format, and maintain vendor performance metrics and compliance data. Highlight obvious inefficiencies or recurring errors to the Compliance Lead.</li>
<li>Assist the Lead in coordinating with Global Scaled Operations, Moderation, Customer Support, Legal, Finance, and Engineering teams on routine operational tasks.</li>
<li>Help in maintaining the BCP for all the vendors</li>
<li>Support the testing and implementation of automation initiatives introduced by the technical and leadership teams.</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>You Have:</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>3-5 years of experience in operations, compliance, audit support, or a trust &amp; safety-related role (experience interacting with vendors or customer service operations is a strong plus).</li>
<li>Bachelor's degree or equivalent experience (candidates with ISO27001:2022 are preferred)</li>
<li>High proficiency in spreadsheet software (Excel/Google Sheets) for data tracking and trend analysis. Familiarity with ticketing systems or access management tools is preferred.</li>
<li>Exceptionally organised and detail-oriented, with a proven ability to spot numerical discrepancies and process errors.</li>
<li>Clear written and verbal communication skills; ability to document processes clearly and interact professionally with external vendors.</li>
<li>Proactive mindset with the ability to troubleshoot routine operational issues independently.</li>
<li>Ability to thrive in a fast-paced, collaborative team setting. Flexibility in working hours to meet global operational needs, with a willingness to support critical incident management if required.</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><p>Roles that are based in an office are onsite Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thursday, with optional presence on Monday and Friday (unless otherwise noted).</p>
<p>Roblox provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any type without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws. Roblox also provides reasonable accommodations to candidates with qualifying disabilities or religious beliefs during the recruiting process.</p>
<p>For US based roles only, please note the Company may not be able to employ candidates for this role who have United States work authorization related to certain U.S. visa categories, or support future H-1B sponsorship at this time.</p></div>