<h2>Role Description</h2>
<p>The Dropbox Growth team is seeking a Product Designer to create systems and experiences that measurably improve the lifecycle of our 700M+ global users.</p>
<p>You’ll join a team dedicated to craft and the creative teams that rely on Dropbox every day. Your mission will be delivering impactful user experience improvements that elevate feature adoption, utilization, and retention for key functionalities most valued by our customers.</p>
<p>In this role, you’ll collaborate closely with Product Managers to transform business challenges and product hypotheses into tangible, quantifiable, and solvable customer problems. You’ll be empowered to design effective solutions and deliver elegant user experiences through close partnership with cross-functional peers. You’ll work hand-in-hand with Engineers to bring these solutions to life, ensuring a seamless and high-quality execution.</p>
<h2>Responsibilities</h2>
<ul>
<li>Impact. Deliver high-quality work with a bias for action, driving meaningful customer and business value.</li>
<li>Customer Focus. Understand customer needs and validate solutions through research and usability testing.</li>
<li>Interaction &amp; Visual Design. Design intuitive, efficient, and accessible experiences, applying strong interaction thinking and visual craft.</li>
<li>Communication. Communicate clearly and proactively to ensure stakeholder alignment and informed decisions.</li>
<li>Solution Generation. Explore and iterate on solutions at varying levels of fidelity, informed by research, data, and best practices.</li>
<li>Product Strategy &amp; Decision-Making. Align design work to product strategy and business goals, engaging the right stakeholders to make timely decisions.</li>
<li>Craft &amp; Growth. Contribute to design critiques and continuously elevate quality and industry awareness.</li>
<li>Industry &amp; Innovation. Stay current on industry trends and emerging technologies, thoughtfully leveraging new tools to enhance quality, efficiency, and impact.</li>
</ul>
<h2>Requirements</h2>
<ul>
<li><span class=" author-d-1gg9uz65z1iz85zgdz68zmqkz84zo2qovvz89zz65zz69zz77ztjrz65zz75zwz74z8yz65z6az74zt3qz89zz70zicz75zz80zw3sz81z">2+ years of product design work experience.</span></li>
<li><span class=" author-d-1gg9uz65z1iz85zgdz68zmqkz84zo2qovvz89zz65zz69zz77ztjrz65zz75zwz74z8yz65z6az74zt3qz89zz70zicz75zz80zw3sz81z">High craft bar and attention to detail in visual design, interaction design, and prototyping.</span></li>
<li><span class=" author-d-1gg9uz65z1iz85zgdz68zmqkz84zo2qovvz89zz65zz69zz77ztjrz65zz75zwz74z8yz65z6az74zt3qz89zz70zicz75zz80zw3sz81z">Experience with common prototyping tools to demonstrate complex features and flows in web experiences.</span></li>
<li><span class=" author-d-1gg9uz65z1iz85zgdz68zmqkz84zo2qovvz89zz65zz69zz77ztjrz65zz75zwz74z8yz65z6az74zt3qz89zz70zicz75zz80zw3sz81z">Ability to describe impact in quantitative/business metrics as well as qualitative methods.</span></li>
<li><span class=" author-d-1gg9uz65z1iz85zgdz68zmqkz84zo2qovvz89zz65zz69zz77ztjrz65zz75zwz74z8yz65z6az74zt3qz89zz70zicz75zz80zw3sz81z">Experience across the product development lifecycle from discovery through shipping and iteration.</span></li>
<li><span class=" author-d-1gg9uz65z1iz85zgdz68zmqkz84zo2qovvz89zz65zz69zz77ztjrz65zz75zwz74z8yz65z6az74zt3qz89zz70zicz75zz80zw3sz81z">Demonstrated skills for collaborating closely with product managers, engineers and customers in order to achieve better design outcomes.</span></li>
<li><span class=" author-d-1gg9uz65z1iz85zgdz68zmqkz84zo2qovvz89zz65zz69zz77ztjrz65zz75zwz74z8yz65z6az74zt3qz89zz70zicz75zz80zw3sz81z">Familiarity with designing for B2B SaaS products.</span></li>
<li><span class=" author-d-1gg9uz65z1iz85zgdz68zmqkz84zo2qovvz89zz65zz69zz77ztjrz65zz75zwz74z8yz65z6az74zt3qz89zz70zicz75zz80zw3sz81z">Ownership mindset with a bias towards action, helping to drive teams and projects forward.</span></li>
</ul>
<div>
<h2 data-usually-unique-id="044234883370604133046166"><span class=" author-d-1gg9uz65z1iz85zgdz68zmqkz84zo2qowz81zqz90zkz74zz76zeez80zz68zz89zz88zvqz86zuxlz73zexxz80zz73z6d6z72zz79zsz77z">Compensation</span></h2>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
</div><div class="content-pay-transparency"><div class="pay-input"><div class="title">Poland Pay Range</div><div class="pay-range"><span>189 600 zł</span><span class="divider">&mdash;</span><span>256 400 zł PLN</span></div></div></div>