<h4><strong>Team Summary</strong></h4>
<p>Our teams specialize in end-to-end and firmware testing of embedded systems, including video streaming, to ensure the reliability, performance, and quality of the product lineups. Through rigorous testing that reflects real-world conditions, we validate complete user workflows. Working closely with SDET, Engineering, Product, and other QA teams, we proactively identify issues and provide actionable insights to improve system stability and user satisfaction.</p>
<h4><strong>Job Summary</strong></h4>
<p>We are looking for an experienced QA Engineer familiar with embedded systems testing. You will be responsible for the validation of firmware and its features on both low and end-to-end levels of testing including interaction with the hardware, backend, and app. You will have the opportunity to participate in the full product development cycle and evaluate the quality of a product at each stage to guarantee and raise quality standards.</p>
<p>You will have an opportunity to be part of existing or upcoming projects.</p>
<h4>Responsibilities and Duties</h4>
<ul>
<li>Product requirements analysisŌĆŗ</li>
<li>Test documentationŌĆŗ creationŌĆŗ and maintenance (test plans, ŌĆŗtest cases, traceability matrix, ŌĆŗtest summary reports, etc)</li>
<li>Test execution -ŌĆŗ ŌĆŗperform feature and regression testingŌĆŗ ŌĆŗof products at different stages starting from PoC to full-scale production</li>
<li>Be ŌĆŗproactively involved in SDLC and ongoing release processes.</li>
</ul>
<h4>Qualifications and Skills</h4>
<ul>
<li>2+ years of experience in manual testing</li>
<li>Experience in testing of embedded systems</li>
<li>Knowledge of testing methodologies</li>
<li>Experience in UNIX/Linux</li>
<li>Understanding of network principles</li>
<li>Understanding of embedded systems principles</li>
<li>Experience with bug tracking systems</li>
<li>Experience in writing test documentation</li>
<li>Good written and spoken English.</li>
</ul>
<h4>Nice to have</h4>
<ul>
<li>Experience in debugging hardware and firmware</li>
<li>Linux scripting with Bash, Zsh, and Python</li>
<li>Experience with LTE, 802.11 protocols</li>
<li>Experience with low-powered systems</li>
<li>Experience with audio/video data streaming</li>
<li>Familiarity with SQL databases and Elasticsearch</li>
<li>The ability to root-cause failures across software, firmware, and hardware.</li>
</ul>
<h4>We offer multiple benefits that include</h4>
<ul>
<li>The environment of equal opportunities, transparent and value-based corporate culture and an individual approach to each team member.</li>
<li>Competitive compensation and perks. Annual performance review.</li>
<li>Opportunity to receive a Performance Bonus for your individual achievements and a Loyalty Bonus recognizing your dedication to the company.</li>
<li>Gig-contract.</li>
<li>21 paid vacation days per year, paid public holidays according to the Ukrainian legislation.</li>
<li>Development opportunities like corporate courses, knowledge hubs, and free English classes as well as educational leaves.</li>
<li>Medical insurance is provided from day one. Sick leaves and medical leaves are available.</li>
<li>Remote working mode is available within Ukraine only.</li>
<li>Free meals, fruits, and snacks when working in the office.</li>
</ul>