HomeMade, Mable, Leap in! and Mable Direct are entities under the Attain Healthtech Group of companies. While our companies are diverse, three similarities bind us:

1. We exist to create lasting, positive change across the entire care and support sector - impacting more lives, elevating standards and shaping the future of care

2. We believe in technology as an enabler

3. We’re driven by helping customers attain better outcomes

This position is part of the HomeMade team.

**About HomeMade**

HomeMade is an approved aged care provider dedicated to improving its customers' lives by empowering older people to self-manage their service providers with the assistance of our clinical and customer support teams.

Our transformative technology platform helps thousands of people retain choice and control by allowing them to create unique support plans that meet their specific needs and optimise their funds.

By working at HomeMade, you can play a crucial role in helping older people maintain their independence and live fulfilling lives in their own homes. You’ll be joining a team that is passionate and dedicated to making a meaningful difference in the lives of others.

To find out more, visit <https://homemadesupport.com.au/>

**About the role**

## Key Responsibilities

- Prepare, reconcile, and manage HomeMade package management fee invoices with accuracy and care
- Reconcile and claim customer funds via PRODA, ensuring compliance with government requirements
- Set up and close customer accounts, including preparing exit statements and final reporting in line with regulations
- Establish and manage customer personal and government contribution accounts
- Coordinate funding transfers for inbound and outbound customer switches, ensuring seamless transitions
- Conduct regular audits of customer files to ensure financial accuracy, funding compliance, and package management requirements
- Support HomeMade customers through proactive and responsive communication across multiple channels
- Partner closely with Support Partners and the Service & Support team to resolve account enquiries, feedback, and complaints clearly and efficiently
- Process customer reimbursements with precision, efficiency, and attention to detail
- Contribute to workshops and team meetings, actively identifying opportunities to improve processes and ways of working
- Meet individual and team KPIs while adhering to established processes and procedures
- Act as a strong customer advocate, ensuring customer needs are heard, supported, and resolved

## What You'll Bring

- Experience in accounts administration or finance operations, with high-volume processing and a strong eye for accuracy
- Solid understanding of payments, invoicing, and reconciliations
- Clear, professional written and verbal communication skills, with confidence speaking directly with customers to explain financial information and resolve enquiries
- Excellent attention to detail and the ability to juggle priorities in a fast-paced environment
- Confidence working across multiple systems, with strong digital literacy
- Strong problem-solving and analytical skills to quickly identify and resolve discrepancies
- Clear, professional written and verbal communication skills
- Strong organisation and time management, meeting service levels and deadlines
- A collaborative mindset and commitment to continuous improvement
- Experience in aged care, home care, or community services (desirable)

**The values we live by**

**Put People First** 🫶🏼

People and relationships matter most.

**Foster Freedom** 🪁

Life should be lived in a way that makes sense for you, without unnecessary controls or external restrictions.

**Do The Right Thing** 💖

Be fair, honest, open, ethical, and transparent.

**Be Bold** 💡

With a vision to imagine and create a brighter future.

**Values we share as part of Attain Healthtech**

**Break New Ground** 🧨

We simplify care with creativity and bold ideas.

**Make It Matter**💟

We put people at the centre and create impact that improves lives.

**Own The Outcome**🥇

We aim high, deliver excellence and drive results that last.

**Our benefits**

**Power your career ⚡️**

Learn from industry experts, experienced leaders, and on-the-job opportunities.

**Access parental leave 👶**

Get 14 weeks of paid leave for primary carers and 6 weeks of paid leave for secondary carers plus superannuation.

**Work with flexibility 🏠**

We’re a hybrid workplace, balancing time in the office with remote work.

**Flexi Leave Days 🌴**

Get one extra paid leave day per quarter for what makes you happy.

**Take a floating public holiday 🫶🏾**

Acknowledge a significant day your way with family and friends.

**Be rewarded 🏆**

Celebrate wins and recognise great performance with an easy and accessible Reward and Recognition program.

**We are one**

As an organisation, we celebrate our diversity and welcome all people, regardless of their family responsibilities, ethnicity, faith, sexual orientation, or gender identity. Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander people are encouraged to apply.

If this role has stood out to you but you don’t feel like you ‘tick all the boxes,’ we strongly encourage you to apply nonetheless. We value diversity in experience, and you might just bring something we are looking for to our organisation!