**About Agicap**

Created in Lyon in 2016 by three French entrepreneurs, Agicap is one of the fastest scale-ups in Europe, with over 8000 customers, 650 employees and fast revenue growth (7x between 2021 and 2024). Agicap is part of the French Tech 120, rewarding the most promising startups in France.

Agicap allows Finance teams of Mid-Market companies to efficiently manage and forecast their cash, pay their suppliers and get paid. By combining a Treasury Management System, and Accounts Payable and Accounts Receivable solutions into a single platform, Agicap aims at becoming the next leading Treasury Management platform for mid-market companies.

We have raised €145M since our creation, with prestigious VC funds including AVP, Greenoaks, Partech and BlackFin, with a last round in November 2024.

These additional resources further fuel our product innovation, allowing us to grow significantly and accelerate our international expansion across the world.

We believe our success comes from our highly passionate and dedicated teams, committed to building a company where people can grow and build their careers. We are constantly looking for great talents, aiming for excellence and ready to join our ambitious adventure!

[Home page](https://agicap.com/en/)

[Customer Stories](https://agicap.com/en/clients/)

[Our Values](https://career.agicap.com/article/working-at-agicap/)

As a Sales Development Intern at AGICAP, your role will be to support the sales team to replicate this success story, develop business and increase profitability for our company in Italy. During this internship, you’ll get to understand whether or not an SDR role in a leading SaaS company might be for you.

• Very sales oriented, your mission involves engaging qualified prospects and generating business opportunities (remotely by phone).

• Understand the basics of how AGICAP - or any cashflow management tool - works.

• Connect every day with CEOs and CFOs, mastering the basics of outbound prospecting and cold calling.

• Work closely with our Senior Sales Leaders, contributing to create new deals.

• Learn how to manage a sales pipeline, distributing effort and prioritising the right accounts.

• Report your performance. You will become familiar with our business and see how we sell and support our customers. Your onboarding (1 month) will give you all the tools you need, together with the opportunity for you to be part of the Agicap tribe.

## ⭐ What we are looking for:

- **What we are looking for :**
- Master’s Degree student, looking for a curricular internship
- Fluent/Native Italian speaker with a full professional proficiency in English
- Curiosity in a sales career and/or SaaS scale-up world
- Good communication skills and relational intelligence
- Competitive and driven to achieve goals, **you are a “Hunter” and a “Do-er”**
- Strong rigor and organization, ability to manage tightly, over time, a large quantity of information
- Enthusiasm and team spirit

## 🎁 What we offer :

- Perfect moment in terms of growth and opportunities to join our adventure
- Competitive intership compensation
- The opportunity of testing an SDR role and, eventually, joining our sales team permanently.
- Fast learning environment and team spirit
- An incredible team of young entrepreneurs (23-33 y.o.)
- Friday beers and afterworks with the team, monthly Agicap events
- €1,000 per month + €1,000 one-off commission at the end of the internship

AGICAP is committed to providing equal opportunities for everyone, and we foster an inclusive work environment that values diversity!

Non vediamo l'ora di incontrarvi !