**The world’s most advanced VPN, and a whole lot more.**

If you’re a curious problem-solver who carves their own path, join the team behind Threat Protection Pro, the NordLynx protocol, and the fastest VPN on the planet—tools that put privacy, security, and control back in people’s hands.

**Your impact?** Helping millions take back control of their online security, privacy, and data.

## Main Responsibilities

- Manage and negotiate daily communications with agencies, ad networks, and DSPs to ensure the success of ongoing and upcoming campaigns.
- Identify and recruit new partners while researching emerging partnership verticals to expand our market reach.
- Optimize partner performance by continuously monitoring traffic through mobile marketing tools and dashboards.
- Ensure traffic quality through rigorous daily checks and implement necessary optimizations based on performance fluctuations.
- Analyze data and reporting to drive informed, data-driven decision-making and performance transparency.
- Identify growth opportunities by testing, analyzing, and scaling innovative approaches and new marketing ideas.
- Collaborate on performance strategy to recognize areas of improvement and ensure all activities align with broader business goals.

## Core Requirements

- 2+ years of experience in mobile app affiliate marketing or performance marketing.
- Proven track record of successfully acquiring and scaling affiliate traffic specifically for mobile applications.
- Extensive experience managing affiliate networks, agencies, DSPs, and direct publishers.
- Strong analytical mindset with a deep understanding of key metrics such as CPA, ROAS, and CR.
- Technical proficiency in mobile attribution, tracking, and analytics platforms (e.g., AppsFlyer, Adjust).
- Working knowledge of digital marketing disciplines, including CRO, ASO, Paid, and Social Media marketing.
- Exceptional negotiation skills and the ability to build and maintain long-term relationships with external partners.
- Proactivity and adaptability, with the skill to optimize funnels and creatives in a fast-paced environment.
- Fluency in English with effective communication skills for collaborating with internal teams and external stakeholders.

## Bonus Points For

- Hands-on experience with campaign setup and bidding strategies.
- Experience with CTV campaigns.

## Salary Range

- Gross Salary 11900-23000 PLN/Month.

**What We Offer**

**Innovate with industry leaders**

Work alongside global experts to build world-leading cybersecurity tools, impacting millions of users around the world.

**Learn & grow**

Boost your skills via our extensive training programs (online and offline) & other resources. Benefit from mentorship and career-switch opportunities to grow within the company.

**Hybrid work**

Enjoy the flexibility with 3 office days and working from home for the remaining 2.

**Work from anywhere**

Recharge with a change of scenery – choose work from any location when you feel a need to power your creativity and drive.

**Physical well-being**

Fuel your active lifestyle with online workouts led by our Physical Well-Being experts. Unlock a variety of sports and wellness facilities, like gyms, swimming pools, and fitness classes, with the Multisport card.

**Mental & emotional health**

Nurture your mind with free psychologist consultations, dedicated mental health events, and premium access to top-rated wellness apps like Calm, Headspace, and Mindletic.

**Premium healthcare**

Receive private health insurance giving you peace of mind for your health needs.

**Joyful moments – special treats**

Celebrate life’s big moments with special gifts from us on your birthday, anniversary, and other major events, such as weddings or the arrival of a new family member.

**Company events & team-building**

Experience iconic Nord Security celebrations, team-buildings, and knowledge-sharing events, nurturing bonds that fuel our success.

**Workation**

Embark on a legendary company getaway abroad, filled with exciting activities, live concerts, engaging workshops, and epic time together.

*Kindly refer to our Privacy Notice for Recruitment Candidates for comprehensive information regarding our data handling procedures throughout recruitment processes:* <https://bit.ly/40GWyjL>

*We expect all candidates to provide accurate and complete information during the recruitment process. While limited use of AI tools to refine application materials is acceptable, candidates remain fully responsible for ensuring that their submissions reflect their own qualifications, skills, and experience. Any failure to do so may negatively affect participation in the recruitment process. If broader AI assistance is allowed for a particular role or stage, we’ll let you know in advance.*

*By submitting your application, you acknowledge that it may be processed using automated tools for evaluation purposes. As part of our recruitment process, we may use an AI-based application review tool to help assess applications based on skills and experience relevant to the role. This technology is used to support - not replace - human decision-making, and every application is ultimately reviewed by a recruiter.*

*If you would like more information about how AI is used in this process or wish to exercise your rights under applicable data privacy laws, please contact us at [privacy@nordaccount.com](mailto:privacy@nordaccount.com). Should you prefer to opt out of the automated evaluation, please submit your application directly to [career@nordsec.com](mailto:career@nordsec.com).*