<p>At JetBrains, code is our passion. Ever since we started, back in 2000, we have been striving to make the strongest, most effective developer tools on earth. By automating routine checks and corrections, our tools speed up production, freeing developers and businesses to grow, discover, and create.</p>
<p>IntelliJ IDEA revolutionized the Java development tool market back in 2001, becoming the first IDE to offer automated code refactoring. It continues to drive innovation in software development, making thousands of programmers more productive every day. In addition to Java, IntelliJ IDEA includes various development tools for other prominent languages such as Ruby, Groovy, Scala, Python, JavaScript, Objective-C, PHP, and Kotlin.</p>
<p>We’re currently seeking a full-stack QA Engineer to join a new, challenging project within the IntelliJ IDEA team – the IntelliJ LSP initiative. This role requires adaptability, multitasking, and a hands-on approach to maintain a high quality while supporting rapid product iteration.</p>
<p><strong>As part of our team, you will:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Manage project quality: monitor progress, identify risks, and ensure results meet quality standards.</li>
<li>Collaborate with development and product teams on development tasks.</li>
<li>Test new and existing functionality.</li>
<li>Search for and localize bugs.</li>
<li>Create test documentation.</li>
<li>Define our testing strategy.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Create and maintain automated tests.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Set up test infrastructure.</li>
<li>Accept product releases.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>We will be happy to have you on our team if you:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Have experience with at least one OOP programming language, preferably Java or Kotlin.</li>
<li>Have practical experience with at least one build system (such as Gradle or Maven).&nbsp;</li>
<li>Have experience in writing automated tests.</li>
<li>Are familiar with some CI/CD tools.</li>
<li>Have experience in exploratory testing.</li>
<li>Have sufficient project management skills.</li>
<li>Work independently, learn quickly, take initiative, and manage tasks well.</li>
<li>Have excellent communication skills.</li>
<li>Are proficient in spoken and written English.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>We'd be especially thrilled if you:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Have experience working with VSCode.</li>
<li>Are familiar with IntelliJ IDEA.</li>
<li>Have experience building automated testing infrastructure and processes.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Why join JetBrains?</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Strong base salary. We offer competitive pay that reflects your skills and experience.</li>
<li>Flexible work location. Enjoy the freedom to work from home or from the office.</li>
<li>Remote work. Spend up to 30 days per year working remotely from abroad.</li>
<li>Extra time off. More days to relax, recharge, and do the things you love.</li>
<li>Medical insurance allowance. Enjoy peace of mind for you and your family.</li>
<li>Learning and development opportunities. Access to conferences, courses, and language classes.</li>
<li>Relocation support. We help make your move as smooth and stress-free as possible.</li>
<li>Language classes. Pick up the local language or sharpen your English skills.</li>
<li>Fuel your day. Enjoy a hot meal or receive a lunch allowance on workdays.</li>
<li>Mental health support. To help you feel your best, we provide easy access to professional mental health services.</li>
<li>Sports benefit. Enjoy an on-site gym or sports club stipend.</li>
<li>Internal events. Join company-wide celebrations and team gatherings.</li>
</ul>
<p>\*Some benefits may vary depending on location.</p>
<p><span style="color: rgb(255, 255, 255);">#LI-DNI&nbsp;</span></p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>We are an equal opportunity employer</strong><br><br>We know great ideas can come from anyone, anywhere. That’s why we do our best to create an open and inclusive workplace – one that welcomes everyone regardless of their background, identity, religion, age, accessibility needs, or orientation.</p>
<p><em data-stringify-type="italic">We process the data provided in your job application in accordance with the <a href="https://www.jetbrains.com/legal/docs/privacy/privacy-recruitment/">Recruitment Privacy Policy.</a></em></p></div>