<div class="content-intro"><div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
<div>
<p>At Cloudflare, we are on a mission to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers millions of websites and other Internet properties for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.&nbsp;</p>
<p>At Cloudflare, we’re not looking for people who wait for a polished roadmap; we’re looking for the builders who see the cracks in the Internet that everyone else has simply learned to live with. We value candidates who have the instinct to spot a "normalized" problem and the AI-native curiosity to create a solution using the latest tools. Our culture is built on iteration, leveraging AI to ship faster today to make it better tomorrow, while ensuring that every improvement, no matter how small, is shared across the team to lift everyone up. If you’re the type of person who values curiosity over bureaucracy, and that AI is a partner in solving tough problems to keep the Internet moving forward, you’ll fit right in.</p>
</div></div><p><strong>Available Locations: <span style="font-size: 13px;">Atlanta, GA, Austin, TX, Denver, CO, New York, NY, Washington, DC</span></strong></p>
<p><strong>About the role:</strong></p>
<p>Cloudflare provides consultative and hands-on-keyboard implementation and migration services for enterprise customers. As a Professional Services Consultant for Network Services, you are an individual contributor working in the post-sales landscape, responsible for the technical execution of solutions and guidance to our customers to get the most value possible from their Cloudflare investment. You are a security expert and have experience with ZTNA, Data Loss Prevention, Email security, CASB, SASE.</p>
<p>This position has working hours Monday to Friday 09:00 a.m. to 06:00 p.m. Occasionally, we support our customers during the weekends for specific changes that need to be done outside of their business hours. Travel is expected &lt;10%.</p>
<p>We are seeking a highly motivated and experienced Professional Services Consultant for Network Services to join our growing team.</p>
<p><strong>What you will do:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Act as a Product Manager of Professional Services, specifically in Network Services.</li>
<li>Prioritizes and executes on building offerings based on alignment with strategic vision.</li>
<li>Review information gathered by PS Leaders and Consultants to understand offering value propositions.</li>
<li>Execute on building PS offerings based on direction from Leadership.</li>
<li>Builds sales collateral, scoping guidelines, project plans, delivery kits/accelerators.</li>
<li>Lead efforts to create and maintain selling and delivery enablement.</li>
<li>Creates service offerings that are in-line with quick wins.</li>
<li>Focuses on a-la-carte add-on services and packaged services targeting different customer profiles, e.g., Mid-Market, Enterprise, etc.</li>
<li>Demonstrates good communication skills across the PS organization (Delivery Leaders, Engagement Management, Consulting Delivery) and Customer Success team.</li>
<li>Own and launch internal and external marketing campaigns (e.g. blog posts, videos, webinars, internal enablement, presentation on worldwide field calls, regional leader calls, etc.) about new or improved offerings.</li>
<li>Drive the team's comprehensive understanding of Cloudflare's platform and capabilities, including configuration, optimization, and troubleshooting, ensuring collective expertise within the practice.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Experience might include a combination of the skills below:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Bachelor's degree in Business, Information Technology, or a related field. In lieu of a degree, minimum 5 years experience working in a technical support, security operations center or other highly technical team.</li>
<li>Minimum of 5 years of experience in Professional Services, Project Management, or a customer-facing role.</li>
<li>Strong understanding of the Professional Services landscape, including both internal and partner-provided services.</li>
<li>Proven prior work experience as a Product Manager, Practice Manager, Implementation Manager, and/or Solutions Engineer.</li>
<li>Knowledge and familiarity with the Software Development Life Cycle.</li>
<li>Demonstrated progressive relevant experience defining, developing, and executing training strategies, operations and action plans.</li>
<li>Ability to quickly understand technical concepts and explain them to customer and Professional Services audiences (mostly technical).</li>
<li>Proven ability to effectively interact with and influence senior executives and team members.</li>
<li>Excellent communication, negotiation, and interpersonal skills.</li>
<li>Experienced in giving and receiving constructive feedback.</li>
<li>Ability to thrive in a fast-paced, unpredictable environment.</li>
<li>Experience with Jira and Salesforce (or similar CRM tool) is a plus.</li>
<li>Fluency in English (written and oral) is a must.</li>
<li>Technical experience might include a combination of the skills below:</li>
<ul>
<li>Minimum 5 years experience working in a technical support, security operations center or other highly technical team.</li>
<li>Deep understanding of how the internet works, Networking and Security, Zero Trust Services/SASE, APIs and related technologies.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Layers and protocols of the OSI model, such as TCP/IP, UDP, TLS, DNS, HTTP.</li>
<li>Reverse and forward proxies and the application of both.</li>
<li>IPv4/6, VPNs, router and L3/L4 and next gen firewall configuration, SDN and overall IT networking related best practices.</li>
<li>Demonstrated experience with BGP (network design &amp; implementation), tunneling technologies such as GRE &amp; IPSec, MPLS, SD-WAN, NetFlow and/or sFlow.</li>
<li>Hands-on experience implementing and managing content delivery network (CDN), distributed denial-of-service (DDoS) protection, web application firewall (WAF), load balancing, and other related solutions for clients across various industries.</li>
</ul>
</ul>
<p><strong>Preferred Skills:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Bilingual strongly preferred (English/Spanish)</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Compensation</strong><br>Compensation may be adjusted depending on work location.</p>
<ul>
<li>For Colorado: Estimated annual salary of $120,000.00 - $165,000.00</li>
<li>For New York City and Washington, DC Metro: Estimated annual salary of $132,000.00 - $182,000.00</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Equity</strong></p>
<p>This role is eligible to participate in Cloudflare’s equity plan.</p>
<p><strong>Benefits</strong></p>
<p>Cloudflare offers a complete package of benefits and programs to support you and your family.&nbsp; Our benefits programs can help you pay health care expenses, support caregiving, build capital for the future and make life a little easier and fun!&nbsp; The below is a description of our benefits for employees in the United States, and benefits may vary for employees based outside the U.S.</p>
<p><strong>Health &amp; Welfare Benefits</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Medical/Rx Insurance</li>
<li>Dental Insurance</li>
<li>Vision Insurance</li>
<li>Flexible Spending Accounts</li>
<li>Commuter Spending Accounts</li>
<li>Fertility &amp; Family Forming Benefits</li>
<li>On-demand mental health support and Employee Assistance Program</li>
<li>Global Travel Medical Insurance</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Financial Benefits</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Short and Long Term Disability Insurance</li>
<li>Life &amp; Accident Insurance</li>
<li>401(k) Retirement Savings Plan</li>
<li>Employee Stock Participation Plan</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Time Off</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Flexible paid time off covering vacation and sick leave</li>
<li>Leave programs, including parental, pregnancy health, medical, and bereavement leave</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: Since 2014, we've equipped more than 2,400 journalism and civil society organizations in 111 countries with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: In 2017, we created the Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration. Since the project, we've provided services to more than 425 local government election websites in 33 states.</span></p>
<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Please note that applicants who progress to the offer stage of the interview process may be asked to attend an in-person interview within one of the Cloudflare Offices or Cloudflare Hubs.&nbsp; More details about this will be available at that stage of the interview process.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p></div>