<p>
  <strong>Headquarters:</strong> Remote-US
</p>

<div class="job__description body"><div><p><strong>About us:&nbsp;</strong></p><br><p>Grow Therapy is on a mission to serve as the trusted partner for therapists growing their practice, and patients accessing high-quality care. Powered by technology, we are a three-sided marketplace that empowers providers, augments insurance payors, and serves patients. Following the mass increase in depression and anxiety, the need for accessibility is more important than ever. To make our vision for mental healthcare a reality, we’re building a team of entrepreneurs and mission-driven go-getters. Since launching in February 2021, we’ve empowered more than ten thousand therapists and hundreds of thousands of clients across the country and insurance landscape. We’ve raised more than $178mm of funding from Sequoia Capital, Transformation Capital, TCV, SignalFire, and others.</p></div><div><p><strong>About the role:&nbsp;</strong></p><br><p>If you or a loved one has ever tried to find an in-network therapist, you may have already experienced how hard it is to find a therapist that's the right fit for you, let alone understand the costs associated with the appointment or figure out if you're covered by your insurance. We are hiring a member of our product team to create a game-changing payments experience that redefines how clients navigate finding and paying for therapy, and help everyone get access to affordable mental healthcare.&nbsp;</p><br><p>This is an opportunity to build technology that brings the therapy experience into the 21st century with a stellar engineering team.</p><br><p><strong>As part of this role you will:</strong></p><br><ul><br><li>Own the product roadmap and strategy for Billing related platforms.</li><br><li>Analyze gaps in the existing billing model, address data inaccuracies and inefficiencies, and proactively uncover opportunities for system-level improvements.</li><br><li>Drive scalability, reliability, accuracy and comprehensive improvements to our billing data models and platform.</li><br><li>Work closely with engineering, revenue cycle, and other product teams to ensure that we are meeting our revenue cycle, payments experience and payor launch goals.&nbsp;</li><br><li>Set best practices and culture for product at Grow: You'll play a huge role in deciding how we hire and recruit product managers in the future</li><br></ul><br><p><em><strong>Salary: $160,000 - $210,000</strong></em></p><br><p><strong>&nbsp;Requirements</strong></p><br><ul><br><li>Product Experience: 5+ years of product management experience, including 2+ years in healthcare billing product management. Prior experience as a platform product manager is a plus but not required.</li><br><li>Technical Expertise: Skilled in managing complex technical product areas and addressing the use cases of other product and technical teams.</li><br><li>Collaboration: Proven experience working effectively with other product and engineering teams as key stakeholders or end users.</li><br><li>User Empathy: Passionate about engaging with internal and external users, understanding their unique challenges, and leveraging those insights to build products from first principles.</li><br><li>Adaptability: Resourceful and resilient, able to think on your feet, overcome setbacks, and inspire your teammates to do the same.</li><br><li>Team Player: Naturally collaborative, you thrive on camaraderie and shared success, earning trust as a dependable partner and source of encouragement.</li><br><li>Self Starter: Highly motivated to take ownership of your work and deliver exceptional results.</li><br></ul><br><p>&nbsp;</p><br><p>We use Covey as part of our hiring and / or promotional process for jobs in NYC and certain features may qualify it as an AEDT. As part of the evaluation process we provide Covey with job requirements and candidate submitted applications. We began using <a href="https://getcovey.com/product/covey-scout-inbound">Covey Scout for Inbound</a> on January 11, 2025.</p><br><p>Please see the independent bias audit report covering our use of Covey <a href="https://getcovey.com/nyc-local-law-144">here</a>.</p></div><div><p><strong>Benefits</strong></p><br><ul><br><li><span>The chance to drive impact within the mental healthcare landscape from day one</span></li><br><li><span>Comprehensive health insurance plans, including dental and vision</span></li><br><li><span>Our dedication to mental health guides our culture. Wellness benefits include (but are not limited to):</span></li><br><ul><br><li><span>Flexible working hours&nbsp;&nbsp;</span></li><br><li><span>Flexible Time Off&nbsp;</span></li><br><li><span>Company-wide winter break&nbsp;</span></li><br><li><span>Mental health mornings (2 hours each week)</span></li><br><li><span>Wellness Stipend</span></li><br><li><span>In-office meals and snacks</span></li><br></ul><br><li><span>Continuous learning opportunities&nbsp;</span></li><br><li><span>Competitive salary&nbsp;</span></li><br><li><span>The opportunity to help build a rapidly scaling start-up organization by taking strong ownership of your work, mentorship, and our unbounded leadership opportunities&nbsp;</span></li><br></ul><br><p class="p1">Grow Therapy is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements.<span class="Apple-converted-space">&nbsp;</span></p><br><p class="p1"><span class="Apple-converted-space">As part of our recruitment process, we use a third-party AI tool (Covey) to assist in the initial screening of resumes and applications. This tool analyzes candidates' qualifications based on the information provided in the application to identify potential matches. Certain features may qualify the tool as an AEDT (automated employment decision tool) under New York City Local Law, and may be considered an AI tool under other applicable state and city laws. As part of the evaluation process we provide Covey with job requirements and candidate submitted applications. <strong>Final hiring decisions are made by our human recruitment team</strong>, and no automated system makes the ultimate decision regarding hiring. We began using Covey Scout for Inbound on January 11, 2025. The independent bias audit report covering our use of Covey is <a class="c-link" href="https://getcovey.com/nyc-local-law-144">here</a>. </span></p><br><p class="p1"><span class="Apple-converted-space">By submitting your application, you acknowledge and consent to the use of automated tools in our recruitment process. You also understand that your application may be processed by AI systems as part of the screening and selection process.<br>We are committed to ensuring transparency in our hiring practices. If you have any questions about how our AI tools work, or if you would like to request additional information, please contact recruiting@growtherapy.com.If you require an accommodation due to a disability, or if you have concerns regarding the use of AI in our hiring process, please contact<strong> </strong>recruiting@growtherapy.com.&nbsp;We will be happy to provide assistance or discuss alternative methods for participating in our recruitment process.</span></p><br><p class="p1">&nbsp;</p></div></div>

<p><strong>To apply:</strong> <a href="https://weworkremotely.com/remote-jobs/grow-therapy-senior-product-manager-billing">https://weworkremotely.com/remote-jobs/grow-therapy-senior-product-manager-billing</a></p>