**Are you ready to join our digital revolution journey?**

At **[Aleph](https://alephholding.com/)**, we’re not just part of the digital advertising landscape—we’re shaping its future. Representing the world’s leading platforms, including TikTok, Amazon, Google, and nearly 55 others, we operate in 130+ markets across new and existing geographies.

Our mission is to empower advertisers and brands to unlock the full potential of these platforms' advertising capabilities. By fostering long-lasting partnerships, we create limitless opportunities for people and businesses to advertise effectively at both local and global levels.

With a presence spanning continents, Aleph offers you the chance to be part of a fast-growing, innovative team where your work makes a direct impact. If you’re ambitious, forward-thinking, and eager to thrive in a dynamic, global environment, Aleph is the perfect place to build your career.

We are seeking a highly skilled and dynamic**Client Partner** to join our team in **South Africa.**

As an Client Partner as a part of the X team , you will be responsible for developing media strategies, optimizing account performance, and collaborating with advertisers to enhance brand visibility and drive successful advertising campaigns. Your role will require you to effectively communicate with clients, understand their goals, and provide strategic recommendations to maximize their advertising success.

* Serve as a primary point of contact for clients, providing guidance, insights, and recommendations to help them achieve their advertising goals on X.
* Acquire new accounts based on current market opportunities and reactivate silent accounts to decrease churn
* Build and maintain strong relationships with clients, providing exceptional service and support.
* Create and implement effective media strategies for advertisers, aligning with their goals and objectives.
* Regularly evaluate campaign performance and make data-driven recommendations for optimization in collaboration with cross-functional teams.
* Directly responsible for generating revenues through X based on the set target
* Strategic and proactive planning towards achieving clients KPIs
* Pitch proactively for new opportunities and secure annual deals against clients’ yearly plan
* Conduct business reviews on client on quarterly, semi-annually and annual basis
* Monitor existing campaigns and continuously advising on best recommendations to decrease under-pacing accounts
* Push for new products activation for all clients
* Preparing proactively for seasonal opportunities ( Valentine’s day, Mother’s day, world cup, etc.).

## What you'll need for this role:

- You have a Bachelor’s degree or higher preferably in Business Administration, Economics, Social Sciences or similar
- You have minimum 3 years of Sales experience focused on large accounts: creating, maintaining and enhancing customer relationships
- You have experience with online advertising analytics and social media
- You have strong commercial skills (responsible for direct revenue)
- You demonstrate the ability to work effectively in a fast-paced, rapidly changing environment.
- You process solid project management skills

## What You'll do:

- Serve as a primary point of contact for clients, providing guidance, insights, and recommendations to help them achieve their advertising goals on X.
- Acquire new accounts based on current market opportunities and reactivate silent accounts to decrease churn
- Build and maintain strong relationships with clients, providing exceptional service and support.
- Create and implement effective media strategies for advertisers, aligning with their goals and objectives.
- Regularly evaluate campaign performance and make data-driven recommendations for optimization in collaboration with cross-functional teams.
- Directly responsible for generating revenues through X based on the set target
- Strategic and proactive planning towards achieving clients KPIs
- Pitch proactively for new opportunities and secure annual deals against clients’ yearly plan
- Conduct business reviews on client on quarterly, semi-annually and annual basis
- Monitor existing campaigns and continuously advising on best recommendations to decrease under-pacing accounts
- Push for new products activation for all clients
- Preparing proactively for seasonal opportunities ( Valentine’s day, Mother’s day, world cup, etc.)

#ALEPH

**Why Join Us?**

Aleph is a place of many cultures, perspectives, and talents. We support each other, creating an environment of giving and receiving. We value partnership and communication because we believe it takes a group of people to achieve great things. We are energized by our ever-changing industry, our curiosity keeps us learning and seeking out new opportunities.

We stay flexible and adaptable, and believe in moving with the speed of change. We encourage everyone to strive for more, providing our internal talent with growth opportunities and the ability to learn together.

#ALEPH