<p>We’re looking for a detail-oriented, cross-functional senior implementation manager who can help Asana lead its largest and most critical deployments of Asana to our enterprise customers. You will be part of our Professional Services team, which is part of the Customer Experience organization. You will be committed to helping customers adopt Asana as both a technology product and a holistic approach to collaboration across their organization. You will be part of a team that strives to help customers across countries, industries, and functions get off on the right foot and continue to get the most value out of the tool over time.</p>
<p>You will be a senior implementation manager focused on supporting our rapidly growing enterprise and strategic customer base. You will serve as an empathetic customer advocate, problem solver, partner in change, and product expert, as well as the voice of your customers cross-functionally. You will be a valuable liaison to the product team, providing real-time customer product feedback and helping to align and connect our product roadmap to our customers’ visions and goals. To the broader business team and all of Asana, you will be able to share a unique customer-centric perspective and enable the wider customer success organization to apply change management principles to your everyday interactions with customers.&nbsp;</p>
<p>This role is based in our Dublin or London office with an office-centric hybrid schedule. The standard in-office days are Monday, Tuesday, and Thursday. Most Asanas have the option to work from home on Wednesdays. Working from home on Fridays depends on the type of work you do and the teams with which you partner. If you're interviewing for this role, your recruiter will share more about the in-office requirements.</p>
<p><strong>&nbsp;What you’ll achieve:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Deeply understand Asana the product as well as each customer’s business, including the business issues and problems being resolved by the engagement and Asana, to serve as both a product expert and trusted advisor through the change process</li>
<li>Develop a creative, tailored engagement scope for each customer based upon their complex processes, needs, and jointly set goals to ensure a successful change; develop tailored, customized content to accompany engagement, as needed</li>
<li>Act as a senior program leader on our most critical and large deployments, coordinating workstreams, and managing dependencies, scope, and risks, as well as coordinating resources to ensure a seamless enterprise-grade customer experience</li>
<li>Facilitate the change management process and associated engagement activities, such as customer training, executive reviews, and regular progress meetings to ensure engagement success and customer adoption</li>
<li>Analyze the strengths and opportunities of our professional services offerings and engagements, both at a customer and broader program level, to drive continuous enhancement of our program and how we serve our amazing customers</li>
<li>Partner with internal relationship stakeholders to deliver a cohesive customer experience from pre-sales of the engagement all the way through to transition touchpoints and beyond</li>
<li>Serve as a valued voice of the customer by proactively uncovering and communicating trends and insights to cross-functional Asana stakeholders</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>About you:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>5+ years experience in customer-facing consulting roles, ideally with experience in customer-facing engagements in a consulting firm.</li>
<li>Complex project experience. You understand what it takes to help customers be successful at scale, taking into account the complexities of the enterprise.</li>
<li>Customer-centric. You’re genuinely passionate about helping customers see the value of Asana as a solution for their business problems and serving as an advocate for their success by leading impactful, engaging sessions and synthesizing valuable feedback on their behalf back to cross-functional teams. You’re deeply committed to customer service and satisfaction – this is the skill you have used to build business in the past.</li>
<li>Relationship-builder. You have a honed ability to build relationships, using both courage and candor in a manner that fosters credibility, trust, and opportunity with clients and colleagues. You understand different stakeholder dynamics and how to optimize for what’s best for all involved.</li>
<li>Solutions-oriented. You have a growth mindset, a high general business acumen for what drives success for our clients as well as how change impacts that success, and an aptitude for taking the initiative and problem-solving in the face of ambiguity.</li>
<li>Demonstrates curiosity about AI tools and emerging technologies, with a willingness to learn and leverage them to enhance productivity, collaboration, or decision-making</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>What we’ll offer</strong></p>
<p>Our comprehensive compensation package plays a big part in how we recognize you for the impact you have on our path to achieving our mission. We believe that compensation should be reflective of the value you create relative to the market value of your role. To ensure pay is fair and not impacted by biases, we're committed to looking at market value which is why we check ourselves and conduct a yearly pay equity audit.</p>
<p>For this role, the estimated base salary range is between €105,000 - €119,000. The actual base salary will vary based on various factors, including market and individual qualifications objectively assessed during the interview process. The listed range above is a guideline, and the base salary range for this role may be modified.</p>
<p>In addition to base salary, your compensation package may include additional components such as equity, sales incentive pay (for most sales roles), and benefits. If you're interviewing for this role, speak with your recruiter to learn more about the total compensation and benefits for this role.</p>
<p>We strive to provide equitable and competitive benefits packages that support our employees worldwide and include:</p>
<ul>
<li>Mental health, wellness &amp; fitness benefits</li>
<li>Career coaching &amp; support</li>
<li>Inclusive family building benefits</li>
<li>Long-term savings or retirement plans</li>
<li>In-office culinary options to cater to your dietary preferences&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p>These are just some of the benefits we offer, and benefits may vary based on role, country, and local regulations. If you're interviewing for this role, speak with your recruiter to learn more about the total compensation and benefits for this role.</p>
<p>#LI-Hybrid</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>About us</strong></p>
<p data-pm-slice="1 1 []">Asana is a leading platform for human + AI collaboration. Millions of teams around the world rely on Asana to achieve their most important goals, faster. Asana has been named to Fortune's Best Workplaces for 7+ years and recognized by Fast Company, Forbes, and Gartner for excellence in workplace culture and innovation. We offer an exceptional office-centric culture while adopting the best elements of hybrid models to ensure that every one of our global team members can work together effortlessly. With 13+ offices all over the world, we are always looking for individuals who care about building technology that drives positive change in the world and a culture where everyone feels that they belong.</p>
<p data-pm-slice="1 1 []"><strong><a class="LinkThemeablePresentation LinkPrimaryPresentation LinkPrimaryPresentation--sentimentSelected PrimaryLink HighlightSol HighlightSol--core HighlightSol--buildingBlock" href="https://www.gem.com/form?formID=fbcdec8c-3442-43b9-9b45-d2b5f4ea25db" target="\_blank">Join Asana’s Talent Network</a></strong>&nbsp;to stay up to date on job opportunities and life at Asana.</p></div>