<p><strong>About this opportunity:</strong><strong><br></strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 300;">We are looking for an experienced Senior Manager, IT Infrastructure to lead the team through the architecture, design, and implementation of infrastructure technologies that will be critical in providing the technology platform Freenome needs to scale its business. This role will involve new technology implementations and managing the support of current infrastructure including working with supporting vendors.&nbsp;<br></span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 300;">The Senior Manager, IT infrastructure will have a deep and broad knowledge of networking, virtualization, server, storage, and operating system technologies, both on-premise as well as in the GCP cloud. This position will work closely with the Information Security team to ensure a compliant and secure infrastructure environment.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 300;">The role reports to the Director, IT. This role will be a Hybrid role.</span></p>
<p><strong>What you’ll do:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Leads team of network engineers, system administrators, lab system administrators to support Freenome infrastructure (On prem, Labs and GCP).</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Problem Solving, collaboration, solid comprehension of cloud, virtualization, storage, networking, software and hardware, strategic planning, leadership, mentorship, creating and giving presentations.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Identify, create, and apply process improvement to increase product and service quality to achieve business objectives.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Contributes to defining the department's long-term strategy and goals.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Collaborate with the Help desk and Business Application team to define and implement the infrastructure needed for day to day operations.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Ensures data security and disaster recovery protocols are in place. Ensuring compliance with regulatory requirements.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Develops and creates standardized processes and procedures to guide documentation and knowledge base development for IT infrastructure operations support.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Develops and supports standards for enterprise-wide use of resources. Recommends enterprise level strategies and goals for infrastructure hardware&nbsp;and software procurement and deployment. Writes detailed scopes of work for staff projects.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Plan, communicate, and deploy changes to IT infrastructure per standard change management process and scheduled maintenance windows. Coordinate IT change and maintenance activities with business stakeholders.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Maintains IT infrastructure and network diagrams, asset/equipment inventory and IT change/incident logs.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Supports IT audits and conduct IT systems/network vulnerability scanning, patching and hardening.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Manage external vendor relationships.&nbsp;</span></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Must haves:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">7+ years’ experience in a technology leadership/management role.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Strong management and technical skills, most notably architect-level skills in virtualization, systems administration, scalable upgrade and migration strategies, networking, and storage. Possess the technical expertise with virtualization and network infrastructure technologies such as VMware vSphere, LAN and WAN.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">5+ years of experience managing or maintaining enterprise IT infrastructure (Network, IaaS, PaaS, and/or Security). </span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Experience in a continuous improvement environment with a track record of achieving significant continual development. </span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Strong project management, problem solving, organizational, relationship, communication, and negotiation skills (oral and written) are required.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">7+ years of experience with Windows 10/11, Windows server, DAS/NAS/SAN, Google workspace, and GCP.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Strong knowledge of security access controls, policies, groups, rights, and permissions.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Familiarity with IT GRC (BCDR, ITSM/ITIL, SOX, ISO, PCI, HIPAA, GMP, GDPR, FDA 21 CFR Part 11).</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Ability to document and explain complex technical solutions to management and other non-technical staff.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Strong customer service and time management skills, with the ability to work effectively in a dynamic, and fast-paced environment.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Flexibility to work weekends and after hours for IT projects/maintenance (on occasion).</span></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Nice to haves:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><span style="font-weight: 300;">Bachelor's degree in MIS/CIS, Computer Science or equivalent professional experience.</span></li>
<li><span style="font-weight: 300;">Industry certifications such as ITIL, CCNA, MCITP, MCSA, MCSE, VCP, Cloud+, Security+ preferred.</span></li>
<li><span style="font-weight: 300;">Experience with GMP systems and IT systems change management process.</span></li>
<li><span style="font-weight: 300;">Experience with Juniper, Meraki, Netapp, VmWare, and Google workspace.</span></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Benefits and additional information:</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 300;">The US target range of our</span><span style="font-weight: 300;"> base salary</span><span style="font-weight: 300;"> for new hires is $180,975 - $232,575.</span><span style="font-weight: 300;">&nbsp;You will also be eligible to receive equity, cash bonuses, and a full range of medical, financial, and other benefits depending on the position offered.&nbsp; Please note that individual total compensation for this position will be determined at the Company’s sole discretion and may vary based on several factors, including but not limited to, location, skill level, years and depth of relevant experience, and education. We invite you to check out our career page @ <span style="font-weight: 300;"><em><a href="http://freenome.com/job-openings/" target="\_blank" data-saferedirecturl="https://www.google.com/url?q=http://freenome.com/job-openings/&amp;source=gmail&amp;ust=1708620295766000&amp;usg=AOvVaw0K-a4lTJ0RquYagpqS-yp4">freenome.com/job-openings/</a></em></span></span><span style="font-weight: 300;">&nbsp;for additional company information.&nbsp;&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 300;">Freenome is proud to be an equal-opportunity employer, and we value diversity. Freenome does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, marital status, age, national origin, ancestry, physical or mental disability, medical condition, pregnancy, genetic information, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, veteran status, or any other status protected under federal, state, or local </span><span style="font-weight: 300;">law.</span></p>
<p><em><span style="font-weight: 300;">Applicants have rights under Federal Employment Laws.&nbsp;&nbsp;</span></em></p>
<ul>
<li><a href="https://www.dol.gov/agencies/whd/posters/fmla" target="\_blank"><em><span style="font-weight: 300;">Family &amp; Medical Leave Act (FMLA)</span></em></a></li>
<li><a href="https://www.dol.gov/agencies/ofccp/posters" target="\_blank"><em><span style="font-weight: 300;">Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO)</span></em></a></li>
<li><a href="https://www.dol.gov/agencies/whd/posters/employee-polygraph-protection-act" target="\_blank"><em><span style="font-weight: 300;">Employee Polygraph Protection Act (EPPA)</span></em></a></li>
</ul>
<p><span style="color: #ecf0f1;"><em><span style="font-weight: 300;">#LI-HYBRID</span></em></span></p>