<p>Ubuntu Linux, already the most popular Linux distribution in the world, is looking to increase its adoption even further by expanding the number of System On Chip (SoC) platforms supported natively and further optimising to ensure the highest performant experience for all users. There is a strong demand from silicon manufacturers such as NVIDIA, Xilinx, MediaTek, and Qualcomm to provide Ubuntu Linux to their customers and Canonical is looking to broaden its silicon enablement squads to meet this challenge. The Canonical Kernel Team - those responsible for the build, maintenance, and distribution of the Linux kernel for Ubuntu - are looking for individuals with a strong flair for software development at the hardware level and a passion for ensuring the most optimal performance the silicon can provide.</p>
<p>The successful candidate will be able to prove a strong aptitude for software engineering at the hardware level.&nbsp; While direct experience with the Linux kernel would be a substantial advantage, it is not a hard requirement for candidates with prior background in other RTOS’ or bare-metal environments as long as direct hardware experience can be demonstrated.</p>
<p>There are a number of work-from-home based roles available worldwide and we are looking for experience levels from early career candidates with a couple of years under their belt up through senior industry veterans.</p>
<h2><strong>What your day will look like</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Collaborate regularly and proactively with a globally distributed team</li>
<li>Work closely with our silicon vendor partners to integrate their platform support into the Ubuntu Linux kernel for their product ranges</li>
<li>Diagnose and resolve issues in the kernel reported by partners, customers, the community at large, and discovered by your own rigorous testing</li>
<li>Take responsibility for the delivery of distinct silicon-optimised variants of the Ubuntu Linux kernel to the world&nbsp;</li>
<li>Improve tooling and automation for the delivery and test of Ubuntu Linux kernels</li>
<li>Submit, review, and apply kernel patches, working with both internal and external upstream maintainers</li>
<li>Identify new means of maximising performance on partner silicon</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>What we are looking for in you</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Well-organised and motivated self-starter able to thrive in a remote work environment</li>
<li>Professional manner with colleagues, business partners, and the open-source community</li>
<li>Ability to communicate effectively in English, both written and verbal</li>
<li>Significant programming ability in C</li>
<li>Strong grasp of device drivers, BSP’s, and other aspects of hardware-level system engineering</li>
<li>Solid background with git</li>
<li>Understanding of operating system kernel fundamentals</li>
<li>Ability to travel twice a year for company events of up to two weeks length</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Additional skills that you might also bring</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Python and Bash scripting ability</li>
<li>Prior background with the major SoC families</li>
<li>Ubuntu/Debian/Snap packaging</li>
<li>Demonstrated experience with Linux kernel patching and debugging</li>
<li>Solid understanding of performance optimisation for silicon platforms</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>What we offer you</strong></h2>
<p>We consider geographical location, experience, and performance in shaping compensation worldwide. We revisit compensation annually to ensure we recognise outstanding performance. In addition to base pay, we offer a performance-driven annual bonus. We provide all team members with additional benefits, which reflect our values and ideals. We balance our programs to meet local needs and ensure fairness globally.</p>
<ul>
<li>Home-based work environment with twice-yearly team sprints in person</li>
<li>Personal learning and development budget of USD 2,000 per year</li>
<li>Annual compensation review</li>
<li>Recognition rewards</li>
<li>Annual holiday leave</li>
<li>Maternity and paternity leave</li>
<li>Employee Assistance Programme</li>
<li>Opportunity to travel to new locations to meet colleagues</li>
<li>Priority Pass, and travel upgrades for long haul company events</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>About Canonical</strong></h2>
<p>Canonical is a pioneering tech firm at the forefront of the global move to open source. As the company that publishes Ubuntu, one of the most important open source projects and the platform for AI, IoT and the cloud, we are changing the world on a daily basis. We recruit on a global basis and set a very high standard for people joining the company. We expect excellence - in order to succeed, we need to be the best at what we do. Canonical has been a remote-first company since its inception in 2004.​ Working here is a step into the future, and will challenge you to think differently, work smarter, learn new skills, and raise your game.</p>
<h2><strong>Canonical is an equal opportunity employer</strong></h2>
<p>We are proud to foster a workplace free from discrimination. Diversity of experience, perspectives, and background create a better work environment and better products.&nbsp;</p>
<p><a href="https://canonical.com/careers/diversity/identity">Whatever your identity, we will give your application fair consideration.</a></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>#LI-remote</p>