Founded in 2013, Voodoo is a tech company that creates mobile games and apps with a mission to entertain the world. Gathering 800 employees, 7 billion downloads, and over 200 million active users, Voodoo is the #3 mobile publisher worldwide in terms of downloads after Google and Meta. Our portfolio includes chart-topping games like Mob Control and Block Jam, alongside popular apps such as BeReal and Wizz.

This position can be Paris-based or full remote within CET time ±2h.

**Team**

You will be an integral part of a newly established internal studio, a dynamic and focused team dedicated to elevating some of the most promising game concepts emerging from our innovative prototyping teams. This studio is specifically chartered to take high-potential prototypes and evolve them into successful, market-ready titles.

In this exciting role, your initial focus will be on [Cup Heroes](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.studio501.cuphero&hl=en_GB), a game that has already demonstrated significant promise and captured our attention with its compelling core mechanics and engaging gameplay. This is a unique chance to join a project with established momentum while still having a significant impact on its future direction within a dedicated and agile studio environment

## Role

- Support the Art director in the ideation and execution of the game’s vision.
- Create concept art for characters, environments, props and VFX.
- Create polished illustrations and 2D assets.
- Integrate and set up 2D assets in Unity ensuring optimal performance on mobile devices.
- Stay up-to-date with the latest 2D art techniques, production tools and workflows.
- Propose creative ideas to boost player engagement and improve the user experience.

## Profile

- Proven experience as a 2D Artist on shipped mobile games.
- Excellent understanding of 2D art fundamentals.
- Versatility to work within a range of stylised 2D art styles.
- Strong character design skills are a bonus.
- Proficiency in 2D animation is a bonus.
- Proficiency in cutting edge generative workflows, and how to best leverage them within your workflow.
- A keen eye for emerging mobile game trends with the ability to creatively deconstruct and learn from success cases.
- Familiarity with Unity.
- Strong problem-solving and communication skills.
- Ability to work independently and as part of a team.

## Benefits

- Best-in-class compensation
- Other benefits according to the country you reside