<div class="content-intro"><p>Iterable is the leading AI-powered customer engagement platform that helps leading brands like Redfin, SeatGeek, Priceline, Calm, and Box create dynamic, individualized experiences at scale. Our platform empowers organizations to activate customer data, design seamless cross-channel interactions, and optimize engagement—all with enterprise-grade security and compliance. Today, nearly 1,200 brands across 50+ countries rely on Iterable to drive growth, deepen customer relationships, and deliver joyful customer experiences.</p>
<p>Our success is powered by extraordinary people who bring our core values—Trust, Growth Mindset, Balance, and Humility—to life. We foster a culture of innovation, collaboration, and inclusion, where ideas are valued and individuals are empowered to do their best work. That’s why we’ve been recognized as one of <a href="https://www.inc.com/best-workplaces/2022">Inc’s Best Workplaces</a> and <a href="https://iterable.com/blog/inc-names-iterable-one-of-americas-fastest-growing-companies/">Fastest Growing Companies</a>, and were recognized on Forbes’ list of America’s Best Startup Employers in 2022. Notably, Iterable has also been listed on<a href="https://blog.wealthfront.com/announcing-2021-career-launching-companies/"> Wealthfront’s Career Launching Companies List</a> and has held a top 10 ranking on the<a href="https://wearegirlsclub.com/top-25-companies-where-women-want-to-work/"> Top 25 Companies Where Women Want to Work</a>.</p>
<p>With a global presence—including offices in San Francisco, New York, Denver, London, and Lisbon, plus remote employees worldwide—we are committed to building a diverse and inclusive workplace. We welcome candidates from all backgrounds and encourage you to apply. Learn more about our story and mission on our<a href="https://iterable.com/culture/"> Culture</a> and<a href="https://iterable.com/company/"> About Us</a> pages. Let’s shape the future of customer engagement together!</p></div><p style="text-align: left;"><strong>How you will make an impact:</strong></p>
<p style="text-align: left;">As a Senior Engineer on the Cloud Platform team, your impact will be measured by the continuous improvement of our platform’s reliability, scalability, and security posture.</p>
<ul style="text-align: left;">
<li>SLO Ownership &amp; Error Budget Management: Take direct ownership of the established Service Level Indicators (SLIs) and Service Level Objectives (SLOs) for core platform services (e.g., latency, availability, error rate). You will manage and use the Error Budget as the primary drivers to prioritize reliability work</li>
<li>Scale and HArden the Core Platform: Apply deep technical expertise in Kubernetes, AWS, traffic management, and Infrastructure-as-Code to scale and harden the foundational platform that powers Iterable’s product workloads.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Drive Systemic Improvements: This role centers on <strong>hands-on engineering skill</strong>, <strong>technical leadership</strong>, and <strong>systemic reliability improvements</strong> within our complex, distributed multi-region platform.</li>
</ul>
<h4 style="text-align: left;"><strong>What you’ll do</strong></h4>
<ul style="text-align: left;">
<li><strong>Kubernetes Platform Engineering</strong><strong><br></strong>Use your Kubernetes and AWS expertise to evolve EKS lifecycle, multi-tenant isolation, and regional consistency, ensuring clusters remain secure, performant, and predictable as we scale.</li>
<li><strong>Traffic &amp; Ingress Reliability</strong><strong><br></strong>Apply advanced knowledge of cloud-native traffic management, and API gateways to strengthen routing, authentication, rate-limiting, and secure communication protocols (like mTLS). This focus will dramatically improve both the reliability and security posture of the platform’s public and internal service access points.</li>
<li><strong>Infrastructure-as-Code at Scale</strong><strong><br></strong>Demonstrate mastery in IaC to manage complex, multi-region architecture. Use tools like Terraform Cloud to build reusable modules, validate changes through policy-as-code, and establish safe multi-account patterns our teams can rely on.</li>
<li><strong>Security &amp; Access Control</strong><strong><br></strong>Drive a zero-trust posture by establishing service guardrails and access controls across the platform: This includes: implementing policy-as-code solutions,brokering least-privilege access for platform using cloud Identity and Access Management (IAM) best practices, and Integrating and managing identity providers to define Role-Based Access Control (RBAC) across environments.</li>
<li><strong>Reliability Engineering &amp; Incident Leadership</strong><strong><br></strong>Demonstrate strong diagnostic and incident-response leadership to rapidly isolate issues across clusters, networks, and workloads. Your ultimate responsibility will be to lead and drive systemic, long-term fixes and root-cause investigations, ensuring all necessary actions are taken to eliminate repeat failures .</li>
<li><strong>Collaboration, Influence &amp; Mentorship</strong><strong><br></strong>Guide and influence engineering teams across the organization through design reviews, operational best practices, and reliability-focused decision-making.&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<h4 style="text-align: left;"><strong>Required Core Competencies &amp; Proficiencies</strong></h4>
<ul style="text-align: left;">
<li style="text-align: justify;"><strong>Core Platform &amp; Infrastructure Expertise</strong><strong><br></strong>Demonstrate deep skill in managing complex, distributed environments at scale, specifically focusing on:&nbsp;</li>
<ul style="text-align: justify;">
<li>Cloud-Native Orchestration: Expertise in Kubernetes.</li>
<li>Infrastructure Automation: Master of Infrastructure-as-code (IaC), including Terraform.</li>
<li>Advanced Networking &amp; Connectivity: understanding of core networking fundamentals, including routing, DNS, network segmentation (VPC.subnets), and connectivity services (e.g., transit gateways and network endpoints)</li>
<li>Platform Systems: Deep competence in traffic/ingress systems and strong programming fundamentals in Go or Python</li>
</ul>
<li style="text-align: justify;"><strong>Security &amp; Reliability Skills</strong><strong><br></strong>Fluency with IAM/IRSA, Vault, mTLS, and least-privilege design, combined with a proven ability to deliver measurable reliability improvements through automation, guardrails, and smart engineering.</li>
<li style="text-align: justify;"><strong>Leadership &amp; Communication</strong><strong><br></strong>Demonstrate a strong operational mindset, excellent technical communication (both written and verbal), and the ability to influence designs, mentor others, and elevate platform engineering practices across teams.</li>
<li style="text-align: justify;"><strong>Experience and Proficiency</strong><strong><br></strong>Demonstrate advanced proficiency and technical leadership in managing large-scale, resilient production systems. This experience is typically gained through roles such as:</li>
<ul>
<li style="text-align: justify;">Site Reliability Engineer (SRE)</li>
<li style="text-align: justify;">Cloud Platform Engineer</li>
<li style="text-align: justify;">DevOps Engineer</li>
<li style="text-align: justify;">Other closely related infrastructure roles</li>
</ul>
</ul>
<p style="text-align: left;"><strong>Perks &amp; Benefits:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li style="text-align: left;">Competitive salaries &amp; meaningful equity</li>
<li style="text-align: left;">Private Medical Insurance</li>
<li style="text-align: left;">Life/Risk Assurance</li>
<li style="text-align: left;">Meal Allowance: 8.55€ per day</li>
<li style="text-align: left;">Community Days (additional paid holidays)</li>
<li style="text-align: left;">Paid Annual Leave (22 days)</li>
<li style="text-align: left;">Paid Sabbatical (after 4 years tenure)</li>
<li style="text-align: left;">Initial laptop workstation setup</li>
<li style="text-align: left;">Teleworking Allowance</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong data-stringify-type="bold">Recruitment Disclaimer:</strong></p>
<p>Please be aware that Iterable, Inc. (“Iterable”) and our official professional recruiting agencies and platforms do not:</p>
<ul>
<li>Send job offers from free email services like Gmail, Yahoo mail, Hotmail, etc.</li>
<li>Request money, fees, or payment of any kind from prospective candidates to apply to Iterable, for employment, or for the recruitment process (e.g. for home office supplies, or training, etc.).</li>
<li>Request or require personal documents like bank account details, tax forms, or credit card information as part of the recruitment process prior to the candidate signing an engagement letter or an employment contract with Iterable.</li>
</ul>
<p>You may see all job vacancies on our official Iterable channels:</p>
<ul>
<li>Official Iterable website, Careers page: <a href="https://iterable.com/careers/">https://iterable.com/careers/</a></li>
<li>Official LinkedIn Jobs page: <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/company/iterable/jobs/">https://www.linkedin.com/company/iterable/jobs/</a></li>
</ul>
<p>Iterable is not affiliated in any way to these impostors and we hereby confirm that such individuals/entities are not authorized, encouraged, or sponsored to act on behalf of Iterable. Such job opportunities are entirely fake and not valid. Therefore, please disregard any written or oral request for a job offer or an interview that you believe is or might be fraudulent or suspicious and immediately reach out to us via email at <strong><a class="c-link" href="mailto:talent-ops@iterable.com" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="mailto:talent-ops@iterable.com" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">talent-ops@iterable.com</a>&nbsp;</strong>upon receiving a suspicious job offer.</p>
<p>Criminal and/or civil liabilities may arise from such actions, and Iterable expressly reserves the right to take legal action, including criminal action, against such individuals/entities whenever such phenomena occur. In any case, please note that under no circumstances shall Iterable and any of its affiliates be held liable or responsible for any claims, losses, damages, expenses or other inconvenience resulting from or in any way connected to the actions of these impostors.<span style="font-weight: 400;"><br><br>Iterable is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer that proudly pursues and hires a diverse workforce. Iterable does not make hiring or employment decisions on the basis of race, color, religion or religious belief, ethnic or national origin, nationality, sex, gender, gender-identity, sexual orientation, disability, age, military or veteran status, or any other basis protected by applicable local, state, or federal laws or prohibited by Company policy. Iterable also strives for a healthy and safe workplace and strictly prohibits harassment of any kind. Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance and other similar state laws and local ordinances, and its internal policy, Iterable will also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.</span></p></div>