**About the Team**

Product Management in Meesho closely resembles our rocketship growth. Because we obsess over understanding customer behaviour, we’ve been able to carve out an e-commerce niche in Tier 2/3/4 towns in Bharat. Our business growth is testimony to a singular focus on how we think of ‘product’ for our unique customers - ones that have barely shopped online, but are now able to because of Meesho.

Fun fact: Nearly 7% of India’s households shop with us. 😉

We are driven by a ‘user-first’ mindset. We have a strong bias for action. Above all, our team is driven by impact, not features. We drive ‘problem discovery’ & delivery - not only obsess over “what to build”, but execute with rigour to create impact.

But there’s more – we love to have fun as much as we love to work hard. From movie buffs, to sportspersons, we have a super cool team. So, if a game of badminton after a day of brainstorming at work sounds like something you would love to do, then join us!

**About the Role**

We are looking for a Senior Product Manager who is passionate about solving high impact problems in a fast paced start-up environment with a high degree of autonomy. This is inherently a cross-functional leadership role where you will work closely with teams such as software engineering, UX design, category mgmt., marketing, operations, finance, etc to bring a new product to life.

## What will you do

- Market & Customer Understanding: Understand the e-commerce market and needs of customers/sellers deeply through landscape analysis, customer interviews, user research, competition analysis and other qualitative/quantitative techniques.
- Problem Identification & Prioritization: Adopt a structured approach to identify what problems need to be solved and break them down into smaller chunks. Prioritize what problems need to be solved now vs. later.
- Solution Discovery: Facilitate a process to come up with the best technology-led ideas to solve the prioritized problems. Harness the creativity of not just yourself but of other teams such as design, engg., business, etc. Be willing to experiment with multiple solution ideas and test them using MVPs, prototypes, etc.
- Product Delivery: Define detailed product requirements and work collaboratively with a cross-functional team (design, engineering, business, analytics, etc.) to bring a product to life. Ensure high product quality through processes such as user acceptance testing, dogfooding, etc.
- Go-to-Market Planning: Create a go-to-market plan working with business/marketing stakeholders to maximize product adoption and success.
- Adoption & Metrics: Define product metrics for your area, and track them continuously. Identify usage patterns and come up with action plans to move metrics in the right direction.
- Roadmap Creation: Create a product roadmap for your area that has at least a 3-month forward looking view of key customer/business problems to be solved.
- Team Leadership: Manage a small team of product analysts and associate product managers, and guide them towards product execution.

## What you will need

- Overall experience of 7+ yrs with atleast 4+ yrs in product management in a tech-led company (consumer internet space is preferred)
- Exceptional problem solving skills based on first principles thinking
- Good understanding of technology, and comfort with product management processes such as A/B experimentation, writing product requirement documents, managing product backlogs, and creating roadmaps

**About us**

Welcome to Meesho, where every story begins with a spark of inspiration and a dash of entrepreneurial spirit. We're not just a platform; we're your partner in turning dreams into realities.

**Curious about life at Meesho? Explore our Glassdoor - our people have a lot to say and they've helped us become a loved workplace in India.**

**Our Mission**

Democratising internet commerce for everyone — Meesho (Meri Shop) started with a single idea in mind: to be an e-commerce destination for Indian consumers and to enable small businesses to succeed online.

We provide our sellers with benefits such as zero commission and affordable shipping solutions in the market. Today, sellers nationwide are growing their businesses by tapping into Meesho’s large and diverse customer base, state-of-the-art tech infrastructure, and pan-India logistics network through trusted third-party partners.

Affordable, relatable merchandise that mirrors local markets has helped us connect with internet users and serve customers across urban, semi-urban, and rural India. Our unique business model and continuous innovation have established us as a part of India’s e-commerce ecosystem.

**Culture and Total Rewards**

Our focus is on cultivating a dynamic workplace characterized by high impact and performance excellence. We prioritize a people-centric culture, dedicated to hiring and developing exceptional talent.

Total rewards at Meesho comprise a comprehensive set of elements — monetary, non-monetary, tangible, and intangible. Our 9 guiding principles, or "Mantras," are the backbone of how we operate, influencing everything from recognition and evaluation to growth discussions. Daily rituals and processes like “Problem First Mindset,” “Listen or Die,” our Internal Mobility Program, Talent Reviews, and Continuous Performance Management embody these principles.

We offer competitive compensation — both cash and equity-based — tailored to job roles, individual experience, and skill, along with employee-centric benefits and a supportive work environment. Our holistic wellness program, MeeCare, includes benefits across physical, mental, financial, and social wellness. This includes extensive medical insurance for employees and their families, wellness initiatives like telehealth, wellness events, and fitness-related perks.

To support work-life balance, we offer generous leave policies, parental support, retirement benefits, and learning and development assistance. Through personalized recognition, gratitude for stretched work, and engaging activities, we promote employee delight at the workplace. Additional benefits such as salary advance support, relocation assistance, and flexible benefit plans further enrich the Meesho experience.

Know more about Meesho here : <https://www.meesho.io/>