<div class="content-intro"><h2><span data-sheets-root="1">About Wolt</span></h2>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">At Wolt, we create technology that brings joy, simplicity and earnings to the neighborhoods of the world. In 2014 we started with delivery of restaurant food. Now we’re building the delivery of (almost) everything and you’ll find us in over 500 cities in 30 countries around the world. In 2022 we joined forces with DoorDash and together we keep on dreaming big and expanding across the globe.<br><br>Working at Wolt isn’t always easy, but it’s definitely exciting. Here you’ll learn more, build more, and ship more than in most other companies. You’ll be challenged a lot, but also have a lot of fun on the way. So, if you’re a self-starter with drive and entrepreneurial spirit, this could be the ride of your life.</span></p></div><p>We are looking for a Product Manager to join our Courier and Delivery Experience team. This role will focus on ensuring world-class courier and consumer delivery experiences while optimizing the delivery process for operational excellence. The team’s focus is on enhancing key touchpoints in the courier journey, ensuring seamless delivery experiences, and developing product innovations that improve Courier and Consumer experiences and reliability.</p>
<p>You will play a crucial role in shaping the courier experience, ensuring that our couriers feel valued and supported while enhancing the efficiency of deliveries. By blending operational expertise with a deep understanding of courier needs, you will improve the user journey from onboarding couriers to completing deliveries. From designing new features that boost courier satisfaction to refining delivery processes, your work will contribute to key metrics across courier engagement, performance, and satisfaction.</p>
<p>The ideal candidate will have an exceptional track record in product management, with proven success in working with cross-functional teams across engineering, design, product, and operations. You will define the vision and roadmap for courier and delivery experiences across multiple projects. Working in partnership with business stakeholders, you will also collaborate on cross-team initiatives, contributing to the broader business strategy while ensuring a deep understanding of the courier experience.</p>
<h2><strong>Our humble expectations</strong></h2>
<p>You could come to this role from various backgrounds, but ideally, you bring:</p>
<ul>
<li>Several years of experience in product management, specializing in consumer-facing products, courier services, delivery systems, or logistics.</li>
<li>Demonstrated expertise in supporting cross-functional teams and fostering operational excellence in fast-paced, high-demand industries.</li>
<li>Proven track record in building products influencing cross-functional teams, including engineering, data, design, and operations.</li>
<li>Expertise in developing user-centric products, with the ability to address complex user experience-related challenges.</li>
<li>High ownership and collaborative capabilities, making thoughtful decisions, and focusing on product details to ensure execution aligns with the vision.</li>
<li>Strong ability to define, execute, and measure meaningful OKRs, ensuring alignment with company-wide goals and fostering bottom-up alignment from your team.</li>
<li>Ability to focus on the bigger picture, creating solutions that benefit couriers, operations, and customer experiences across the organization.</li>
<li>Excellent stakeholder management skills, able to work effectively with diverse internal teams and external partners, while confidently engaging with leadership in a high-visibility role.</li>
</ul>
<p>The position will be filled as soon as we find the right person, so make sure to apply as soon as you realize you really, really want to join us!</p>
<p>The compensation will be a negotiable combination of monthly pay and DoorDash RSUs. The latter makes it exceptionally easy to be excited about our company growing and doing well, as you’ll own a piece of the pie.</p>
<p><iframe src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/Ncz4s\_oBczc?si=FzuwoSOLcv5WZVRN" width="560" height="314"></iframe></p><div class="content-conclusion"><h2><span data-sheets-root="1">Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion</span></h2>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">We’re committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. That’s why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.</span></p></div>