<p>
  <strong>Headquarters:</strong> Romania
</p>

<div class="content"><div class="section-wrapper page-full-width"><div class="section page-centered"><div> Greetings, future tech savant:&nbsp;</div><div><br></div><div>Embark on an exciting journey into the realm of software development with 3Pillar! We extend an invitation for you to join our team and gear up for a thrilling adventure. At 3Pillar, our focus is on crafting cutting-edge technologies that revolutionize industries. As a Software Engineer, you'll play a vital role in our dynamic team, contributing to exciting projects that redefine urban living, establish new media channels for enterprise companies, or drive innovation in healthcare. This opportunity goes beyond code – it's about creating epic solutions that leave a lasting impression in the market. If your passion for programming fuels your drive to make a real-world impact, consider this your pass to the captivating world of Product Development! </div></div><div class="section page-centered"><div><h3>Key Responsibilities</h3><ul class="posting-requirements plain-list"><ul><li>Craft client code that is not just efficient, but also performant, testable, scalable, secure, and of the highest quality.</li><li>Provide accurate status tracking, reporting, and estimation using project methods and tools.</li><li>Gather requirements, validate their understanding amongst the team,&nbsp; create and maintain relevant documentation.</li><li>Execute activities within current methodology and upholding the highest quality standards.</li><li>Foster collaboration with fellow engineers, designers, and managers to comprehend user pain points and iterate on solutions that drive client success.</li><li>Take ownership of projects, from technical design to a successful launch.</li></ul></ul></div></div><div class="section page-centered"><div><h3>Minimum Qualifications:</h3><ul class="posting-requirements plain-list"><ul><li>Demonstrated expertise with a minimum of 5+ years of experience in at least one of the specified technologies.</li><li>Go, Python</li><li>Knowledge of Terraform, Ansible, especially Terraform Provider and/or Ansible Collection</li><li>Knowledge of Linux, networking, virtualization tools.</li><li>Experience in engineering software systems of medium-to-large scope and complexity.</li><li>Familiarity with Agile software development methodologies.</li><li>Proficiency with relational databases and SQL.</li><li>Experience in building backend applications at scale.</li><li>Proficiency in the English language.</li></ul></ul></div></div><div class="section page-centered"><div><h3>Additional Experience Desired:</h3><ul class="posting-requirements plain-list"><ul><li>Knowledge of source control tools.</li><li>Understanding of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC).</li><li>Proficiency in Object-Oriented Programming (inheritance, polymorphism, classes, instances, properties).</li><li>Knowledge of protocols like HTTP, and serialization formats like JSON and XML.</li><li>Knowledge of document databases.</li><li>Experience with Unit testing.</li></ul></ul></div></div><div class="section page-centered"><div><b>What is it like working for 3Pillar Global?</b></div><div><br></div><div>At 3Pillar, we offer a world of opportunity:</div><div>Imagine a <i>flexible work environment</i> – whether it's the office, your home, or a blend of both. From interviews to onboarding, we embody a remote-first approach.&nbsp;</div><div>You will be part of a <i>global team</i>, learning from top talent around the world and across cultures, speaking English everyday. Our global workforce enables our team to leverage global resources to accomplish our work in efficient and effective teams.&nbsp;</div><div><i>We’re big on your well-being</i> – as a company, we spend a whole trimester in our annual cycle focused on wellbeing. Whether it is taking advantage of fitness offerings, mental health plans (country-dependent), or simply leveraging generous time off, we want all of our team members operating at their best.</div><div>Our professional services model enables us to accelerate <i>career growth </i>and development opportunities - across projects, offerings, and industries.</div><div><i>We are an equal opportunity employer</i>. It goes without saying that we live by values like Intrinsic Dignity and Open Collaboration to create cutting-edge technology AND reinforce our commitment to diversity - globally and locally.&nbsp;</div><div><br></div><div>Join us and be a part of a global tech community! &nbsp; Check out our Linkedin site and Careers page to learn more about what it’s like to be part of our #oneteam!&nbsp;</div><div><br></div><div>#LI-remote</div><div><br></div></div></div></div>

<p><strong>To apply:</strong> <a href="https://weworkremotely.com/remote-jobs/3pillar-devops-technical-lead">https://weworkremotely.com/remote-jobs/3pillar-devops-technical-lead</a></p>