<div class="content-intro"><p>Iterable is the leading AI-powered customer engagement platform that helps leading brands like Redfin, SeatGeek, Priceline, Calm, and Box create dynamic, individualized experiences at scale. Our platform empowers organizations to activate customer data, design seamless cross-channel interactions, and optimize engagement—all with enterprise-grade security and compliance. Today, nearly 1,200 brands across 50+ countries rely on Iterable to drive growth, deepen customer relationships, and deliver joyful customer experiences.</p>
<p>Our success is powered by extraordinary people who bring our core values—Trust, Growth Mindset, Balance, and Humility—to life. We foster a culture of innovation, collaboration, and inclusion, where ideas are valued and individuals are empowered to do their best work. That’s why we’ve been recognized as one of <a href="https://www.inc.com/best-workplaces/2022">Inc’s Best Workplaces</a> and <a href="https://iterable.com/blog/inc-names-iterable-one-of-americas-fastest-growing-companies/">Fastest Growing Companies</a>, and were recognized on Forbes’ list of America’s Best Startup Employers in 2022. Notably, Iterable has also been listed on<a href="https://blog.wealthfront.com/announcing-2021-career-launching-companies/"> Wealthfront’s Career Launching Companies List</a> and has held a top 10 ranking on the<a href="https://wearegirlsclub.com/top-25-companies-where-women-want-to-work/"> Top 25 Companies Where Women Want to Work</a>.</p>
<p>With a global presence—including offices in San Francisco, New York, Denver, London, and Lisbon, plus remote employees worldwide—we are committed to building a diverse and inclusive workplace. We welcome candidates from all backgrounds and encourage you to apply. Learn more about our story and mission on our<a href="https://iterable.com/culture/"> Culture</a> and<a href="https://iterable.com/company/"> About Us</a> pages. Let’s shape the future of customer engagement together!</p></div><p>As a Machine Learning Platform Engineer at Iterable, you will design, evolve, and maintain our core ML infrastructure and the paved roads on which we build intelligence into our product. As a high tech marketing platform, we work with thousands of high scale and diverse enterprise customers. The scale and diversity of these workloads, supporting personalization with deep customizability, presents unique and exciting challenges for platform engineering.&nbsp;</p>
<p>One of our core values is a growth mindset and Iterable is a company where everyone can grow. If this is a role that excites you, please do apply as we value applicants for the skills they bring beyond a job description.</p>
<h3 data-start="98" data-end="115">What You’ll Do</h3>
<ul>
<li data-start="119" data-end="279">Lead the end-to-end development of ML pipelines, from prototyping and experimentation through to production deployment, enabling AI-powered features at scale.</li>
<li data-start="282" data-end="405">Design, build, and maintain the core infrastructure that powers our ML services (e.g., Databricks, AWS, Ray, Kubernetes).</li>
<li data-start="408" data-end="544">Develop robust observability and experimentation frameworks to ensure reliable model deployment, monitoring, and continuous iteration.</li>
<li data-start="547" data-end="743">Partner closely with Data Science teams, treating the ML Platform as a product—removing infrastructure bottlenecks and empowering them to deliver high-quality models efficiently and confidently.</li>
</ul>
<h3 data-start="750" data-end="775">What We’re Looking For</h3>
<ul>
<li data-start="779" data-end="849">3+ years of experience in backend and/or infrastructure engineering.</li>
<li data-start="852" data-end="952">Strong experience with infrastructure-as-code practices (e.g., Pulumi, Terraform, CloudFormation).</li>
<li data-start="955" data-end="1072">Experience working with service-oriented architectures and integrating ML services into high-scale backend systems.</li>
</ul>
<h3>Nice to Have</h3>
<ul data-start="1096" data-end="1253">
<li data-start="1096" data-end="1253">
<p data-start="1098" data-end="1253">Hands-on experience building and operating ML pipelines, including traditional recommender systems and modern deep learning training and serving systems.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>What we offer&nbsp;</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Competitive salaries &amp; meaningful equity</li>
<li>Private Medical Insurance</li>
<li>Life/Risk Assurance</li>
<li>Meal Allowance: 8.55€ per day</li>
<li>Community Days (days for us to give back to the community)&nbsp;</li>
<li>Paid Annual Leave (22 days)</li>
<li>Global Lifestyle Reimbursement Account</li>
<li>Paid Sabbatical</li>
<li>Complete laptop workstation</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong data-stringify-type="bold">Recruitment Disclaimer:</strong></p>
<p>Please be aware that Iterable, Inc. (“Iterable”) and our official professional recruiting agencies and platforms do not:</p>
<ul>
<li>Send job offers from free email services like Gmail, Yahoo mail, Hotmail, etc.</li>
<li>Request money, fees, or payment of any kind from prospective candidates to apply to Iterable, for employment, or for the recruitment process (e.g. for home office supplies, or training, etc.).</li>
<li>Request or require personal documents like bank account details, tax forms, or credit card information as part of the recruitment process prior to the candidate signing an engagement letter or an employment contract with Iterable.</li>
</ul>
<p>You may see all job vacancies on our official Iterable channels:</p>
<ul>
<li>Official Iterable website, Careers page: <a href="https://iterable.com/careers/">https://iterable.com/careers/</a></li>
<li>Official LinkedIn Jobs page: <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/company/iterable/jobs/">https://www.linkedin.com/company/iterable/jobs/</a></li>
</ul>
<p>Iterable is not affiliated in any way to these impostors and we hereby confirm that such individuals/entities are not authorized, encouraged, or sponsored to act on behalf of Iterable. Such job opportunities are entirely fake and not valid. Therefore, please disregard any written or oral request for a job offer or an interview that you believe is or might be fraudulent or suspicious and immediately reach out to us via email at <strong><a class="c-link" href="mailto:talent-ops@iterable.com" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="mailto:talent-ops@iterable.com" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">talent-ops@iterable.com</a>&nbsp;</strong>upon receiving a suspicious job offer.</p>
<p>Criminal and/or civil liabilities may arise from such actions, and Iterable expressly reserves the right to take legal action, including criminal action, against such individuals/entities whenever such phenomena occur. In any case, please note that under no circumstances shall Iterable and any of its affiliates be held liable or responsible for any claims, losses, damages, expenses or other inconvenience resulting from or in any way connected to the actions of these impostors.<span style="font-weight: 400;"><br><br>Iterable is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer that proudly pursues and hires a diverse workforce. Iterable does not make hiring or employment decisions on the basis of race, color, religion or religious belief, ethnic or national origin, nationality, sex, gender, gender-identity, sexual orientation, disability, age, military or veteran status, or any other basis protected by applicable local, state, or federal laws or prohibited by Company policy. Iterable also strives for a healthy and safe workplace and strictly prohibits harassment of any kind. Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance and other similar state laws and local ordinances, and its internal policy, Iterable will also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.</span></p></div>