<h3>Our Database Experience (DBX) Team</h3>
<p>The Database Experience team builds the libraries and tools that developers use day-to-day working with MongoDB. Our mission is to increase developer adoption, satisfaction and retention by providing a reliable, enjoyable interface for developers and other end-users.</p>
<p>For our PHP team, we are looking to hire an engineer in Ireland. You will be joining a team of three engineers to help streamline and increase the adoption of MongoDB in the PHP community.</p>
<p>This role can be based out of our Dublin office or remotely in Ireland.</p>
<h3>In This Role You Will</h3>
<ul>
<li>Maintain the <a href="https://github.com/mongodb/mongo-php-driver">MongoDB PHP Extension</a></li>
<li>Work with the <a href="https://github.com/mongodb/mongo-c-driver">libmongoc</a> team to design APIs the PHP driver can leverage</li>
<li>Interface with PHP core developers to stay up-to-date on internal changes in the PHP language</li>
<li>Support our Developer Relations, Documentation, and Education teams in creating high-quality content for PHP developers</li>
<li>Seek out speaking and writing opportunities to engage with the PHP Community</li>
</ul>
<h3>You’re Right For This Role If You</h3>
<ul>
<li>Enjoy creating libraries to allow developers build and ship applications faster</li>
<li>Think developers deserve better tools for working with databases</li>
<li>Advocate for testing and agile, iterative software development</li>
<li>Are passionate about Open Source, including giving back to the community</li>
<li>Enjoy working in a small, distributed team (Ireland, France, Germany, Netherlands)</li>
</ul>
<h3>For This Role You Must Have</h3>
<ul>
<li>5+ years of experience working with PHP</li>
<li>3+ years of experience maintaining PHP extensions</li>
<li>Experience with databases, relational or non-relational</li>
<li>Experience with testing and static analysis</li>
<li>Good written and spoken English communication skills</li>
</ul>
<h3>It Helps If You Have</h3>
<ul>
<li>Contributed to the PHP project itself</li>
<li>Have good experience with build tools like autotools and make</li>
<li>Worked with MongoDB and the document model</li>
</ul>
<h3>Success Measures</h3>
<ul>
<li>Within three months, you will be contributing effectively day-to-day, fixing bugs, implementing planned features, and thoroughly reviewing your colleagues’ pull requests</li>
<li>Within six months, you will contribute to the roadmap and lead the design and specification of new features. You will have the trust of the team and our customers</li>
<li>Within a year, you will have made significant contributions to our codebase, and will be taking the lead in designing new features and presenting them to our customers at community events</li>
</ul>
<h3>About MongoDB</h3>
<p>MongoDB is built for change, empowering our customers and our people to innovate at the speed of the market. We have redefined the database for the AI era, enabling innovators to create, transform, and disrupt industries with software. MongoDB’s unified database platform, the most widely available, globally distributed database on the market, helps organizations modernize legacy workloads, embrace innovation, and unleash AI. Our cloud-native platform, MongoDB Atlas, is the only globally distributed, multi-cloud database and is available across AWS, Google Cloud, and Microsoft Azure.</p>
<p>With offices worldwide and over 60,000 customers, including 75% of the Fortune 100 and AI-native startups, relying on MongoDB for their most important applications, we’re powering the next era of software.</p>
<p>Our compass at MongoDB is our <a href="https://www.mongodb.com/company">Leadership Commitment,</a> guiding how and why we make decisions, show up for each other, and win. It’s what makes us MongoDB.&nbsp;</p>
<p>To drive the personal growth and business impact of our employees, we’re committed to developing a supportive and enriching culture for everyone. From employee affinity groups, to fertility assistance and a generous parental leave policy, we value our employees’ wellbeing and want to support them along every step of their professional and personal journeys.<a href="https://www.mongodb.com/blog/channel/culture"> Learn more about what it’s like to work at MongoDB</a>, and help us make an impact on the world!</p>
<p>MongoDB is committed to providing any necessary accommodations for individuals with disabilities within our application and interview process. To request an accommodation due to a disability, please inform your recruiter.</p>
<p>&nbsp;MongoDB is an equal opportunities employer.</p>
<p>REQ ID: 1273388409</p>