<div class="content-intro"><h3>ABOUT TIDE</h3>
<p>At Tide we help SMEs save time (and money) in the running of their businesses by not only offering business accounts and related banking services, but also a comprehensive set of highly usable and connected administrative solutions from invoicing to accounting.</p>
<p>Tide is transforming the small business banking market with over 1.8 million members globally across the UK, India, Germany and France.</p>
<p>Using advanced technology, all solutions are designed with SMEs in mind. With quick onboarding, low fees and innovative features, we thrive on making data-driven decisions to serve our mission: to help SMEs save both time (and money) so they can get back to doing what they love.</p>
<p><strong>Tide facts:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Tide is available for UK, Indian, German and French SMEs</li>
<li>Over 1.8 million members: 800,000 UK and 1,000,000 in India and growing rapidly</li>
<li>Over $300 million raised in funding</li>
<li>Over 2,500 Tideans globally - we’re diversity champions!</li>
<li>We have offices in Central London, with a member support and technology centre in Sofia, Bulgaria, technology centres in Serbia, Romania, Lithuania and Hyderabad and offices in Gurugram and New Delhi, and in Berlin, Paris and Luxembourg.</li>
</ul></div><h3>ABOUT THE TEAM:&nbsp;</h3>
<p>We’re looking for a proactive Company Secretarial Assistant to join our busy and high-performing Company Secretariat team. This is an exciting role in a fast-paced environment, supporting a complex international group with dynamic day-to-day operations. You will play a key part in maintaining high governance standards while helping streamline internal processes and support compliance activities across the business.&nbsp;</p>
<h3>ABOUT THE ROLE:&nbsp;</h3>
<p>This is a fantastic opportunity to learn fast on the job in an exciting, high‑growth environment, with exposure to a wide variety of Company Secretarial matters.<br><br>As Company Secretarial Assistant you will;&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>Support the planning and administration of board and committee meetings, including preparing agendas, collating papers, and minute-taking.</li>
<li>Assist with statutory filings, maintenance of company registers, and annual confirmation statements.</li>
<li>Support the set‑up and onboarding of new entities, including documentation, KYC and internal approvals</li>
<li>Assist with corporate transactions and employee equity administration.</li>
<li>Help manage group structure documentation including director changes, resolutions, and corporate records.</li>
<li>Contribute to the monitoring and completion of KYC processes, and ongoing compliance updates.</li>
<li>Work closely with the team to improve and streamline CoSec processes, procedures, invoice and documentation management.</li>
<li>Maintain accuracy and consistency across company databases, governance platforms, and digital records.</li>
<li>Support governance technology platforms such as DocuSign, Diligent, Ledgy, or other equity and compliance systems.</li>
<li>Assist in drafting and templating standard documents, approvals, and filings.</li>
<li>Work effectively under pressure, balancing priorities across multiple entities and deadlines.</li>
</ul>
<h3>WHAT WE ARE LOOKING FOR:</h3>
<ul>
<li>Law degree or similar, with strong interest in corporate / commercial work and governance.</li>
<li>Some experience in an international corporate, financial, or professional services environment is preferred.</li>
<li>Familiarity with corporate law concepts, governance frameworks, or multi-jurisdictional compliance is beneficial.</li>
<li>Tech-savvy and confident using Microsoft Excel/Word/Google suite and comfortable with digital platforms (for example, DocuSign, Diligent, Ledgy/Carta).</li>
<li>Strong administrative and organisational skills with meticulous attention to detail.</li>
<li>Able to prioritise effectively and deliver high-quality output under time constraints.</li>
<li>Positive, flexible attitude with eagerness to learn and contribute to process improvement.</li>
</ul>
<h3>WHAT YOU’LL GET IN RETURN:</h3>
<p>Our location-specific employee benefits are designed to cater to the unique needs of Tideans:&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>Competitive Compensation -&nbsp; Competitive salary.</li>
<li>Time Off – Generous annual leave on top of bank holidays.</li>
<li>Parental Leave – Paid maternity, paternity, and adoption leave to support your family journey.</li>
<li>Sabbatical – Extended unpaid and paid leave options after completing milestone years with Tide.</li>
<li>Health Insurance – Private health insurance with Bulgaria Zdrave, including extra dental care.</li>
<li>Mental Wellbeing – Access to therapy sessions, courses, meditations, and workshop.</li>
<li>Volunteering &amp; Development Days – Paid days annually for volunteering or personal growth.</li>
<li>Learning &amp; Development – Annual budget for books, courses, coaching, and more.</li>
<li>WOO (Work Outside the Office) – Work from abroad for up to 90 days annually.</li>
<li>Home Office Setup – Contribution towards setting up your home office.</li>
<li>Laptop Ownership – Keep your old laptop and get a new one when it’s time for a replacement.</li>
<li>Fully Covered Multi Sports Card – Granting access to hundreds of gyms and pools across Bulgaria.</li>
<li>Monthly Food Vouchers -– Monthly food vouchers to enjoy your favorite meals with Edenred +</li>
<li>Snacks &amp; Meals – Daily breakfast spread with all-day coffee, tea, and juices.</li>
</ul>
<h3>TIDEAN WAYS OF WORKING</h3>
<p>At Tide, we champion a <strong>flexible workplace </strong>model that<strong> </strong>supports both in-person and remote work to cater to the specific needs of our different teams.&nbsp;</p>
<p>While remote work is supported, we believe in the power of face-to-face interactions to foster team spirit and collaboration. Our offices are designed as hubs for innovation and team-building, where we encourage regular in-person gatherings to foster a strong sense of community.&nbsp; <span style="color: rgb(255, 255, 255);">#LI-AC1 #LI-Hybrid</span></p><div class="content-conclusion"><h3>TIDE IS A PLACE FOR EVERYONE</h3>
<p>At Tide, we believe that we can only succeed if we let our differences enrich our culture. Our Tideans come from a variety of backgrounds and experience levels. We consider everyone irrespective of their ethnicity, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, family or parental status, national origin, veteran, neurodiversity or differently-abled status. We celebrate diversity in our workforce as a cornerstone of our success. Our commitment to a broad spectrum of ideas and backgrounds is what enables us to build products that resonate with our members’ diverse needs and lives.&nbsp;</p>
<p>We are One Team and foster a transparent and inclusive environment, where everyone’s voice is heard.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><em>At Tide, we thrive on diversity, embracing various backgrounds and experiences. We welcome all individuals regardless of ethnicity, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, or disability. Our inclusive culture is key to our success, helping us build products that meet our members' diverse needs. We are One Team, committed to transparency and ensuring everyone’s voice is heard.</em></p>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section">&nbsp;</div>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section"><strong>Disclaimer</strong></div>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section">&nbsp;</div>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section"><em>It has come to our attention that individuals or agencies are falsely claiming to represent Tide and are reaching out to candidates regarding job opportunities. Please be aware that:</em></div>
<ul class="p-rich\_text\_list p-rich\_text\_list\_\_bullet p-rich\_text\_list--nested" data-stringify-type="unordered-list" data-list-tree="true" data-indent="0" data-border="0">
<li style="font-style: italic;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><em>Tide does&nbsp;<strong data-stringify-type="bold">not</strong>&nbsp;charge any fees at any stage of the recruitment process.</em></li>
<li style="font-style: italic;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><em>All official Tide job opportunities are listed exclusively on our&nbsp;<a href="https://www.tide.co/careers/" target="\_blank"><strong data-stringify-type="bold">Careers Page</strong></a>&nbsp;and applications should be submitted through this channel.</em></li>
<li style="font-style: italic;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><em>Communication from Tide will only come from an official&nbsp;<strong data-stringify-type="bold">@tide</strong><strong data-stringify-type="bold">.co</strong>&nbsp;email address.</em></li>
<li style="font-style: italic;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><em>Tide does not work with agencies or recruiters without prior formal engagement, and we do not authorize third parties to make job offers on our behalf.</em></li>
</ul>
<p><em>If you are contacted by anyone misrepresenting Tide or requesting payment, please treat it as fraudulent and report it to us immediately at <a href="mailto:talent@tide.co" target="\_blank">talent@tide.co</a><br>Your safety and trust are important to us, and we are committed to ensuring a fair and transparent recruitment process.</em></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><em><em data-stringify-type="italic">Tide leverages AI to enhance our hiring experience. You can read more about how we use AI in our recruitment process in our <a href="https://assets.ctfassets.net/3h69mkdgxn20/5MFtWSdG8YLKq3jZkK52NY/3f18633073e6cdbd03bba4b9791c64f4/Using\_AI\_throughout\_the\_Hiring\_Process.pdf" target="\_blank">AI Policy</a>.</em></em></p>
<p><em><em data-stringify-type="italic">Your personal data will be processed by Tide for recruitment purposes and in accordance with </em><em data-stringify-type="italic"><a class="c-link" href="https://assets.ctfassets.net/3h69mkdgxn20/4TE0uAE3SXomATDVneocNA/aa31893960b4064dd406ad15d029dcd3/Recruitment\_Privacy\_Notice.pdf" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://assets.ctfassets.net/3h69mkdgxn20/1MYf6q4ZMWugpeaROVETBN/526e9c160a2de03576413c81657c6466/Recruitment\_Privacy\_Notice\_\_Final\_Draft\_\_Sep\_2024\_.pdf" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">Tide's Recruitment Privacy Notice</a></em><em data-stringify-type="italic">.</em></em></p></div>