<div class="content-intro"><h2><span data-sheets-root="1">About Wolt</span></h2>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">At Wolt, we create technology that brings joy, simplicity and earnings to the neighborhoods of the world. In 2014 we started with delivery of restaurant food. Now we’re building the delivery of (almost) everything and you’ll find us in over 500 cities in 30 countries around the world. In 2022 we joined forces with DoorDash and together we keep on dreaming big and expanding across the globe.<br><br>Working at Wolt isn’t always easy, but it’s definitely exciting. Here you’ll learn more, build more, and ship more than in most other companies. You’ll be challenged a lot, but also have a lot of fun on the way. So, if you’re a self-starter with drive and entrepreneurial spirit, this could be the ride of your life.</span></p></div><p>We’re looking for a Head of Product to lead the teams building Wolt, Deliveroo’s and DoorDash’s global regulatory and compliance technology. This includes everything from anti-money laundering (AML) and safeguarding to tax and licensing compliance across 40+ markets.</p>
<p>Your job is to shape and scale the RegTech products that keep our platforms compliant, auditable, and ready to grow. You’ll work with legal, finance, engineering, and other teams to translate regulatory needs into robust product solutions.</p>
<h2>What you’ll be doing</h2>
<p>You’ll define the long-term product strategy for our compliance stack. This includes building internal tools, APIs, and automation for regulatory requirements like KYC, AML, and audit readiness.</p>
<p>You’ll lead and grow a group of senior Product Managers, guiding their work across multiple roadmaps and domains. Together, you'll solve the most critical regulatory and financial compliance challenges in our business.</p>
<p>You’ll also work closely with teams like Licensing Services, Tax, Legal, and Finance to understand changing rules and requirements, and ensure we build the right solutions to stay ahead.</p>
<h2>Our humble expectations</h2>
<p>You could come to this role from different backgrounds, but ideally you bring:</p>
<ul>
<li>A strong grasp of EU regulatory frameworks such as AML/CTF, KYC and KYB, Payments Regulations, Tax regulations, Invoicing and e-Invoicing systems.</li>
<li>Experience turning legal requirements into product designs</li>
<li>Experience leading other Product Managers or Product Leads, including setting direction across multiple teams, coaching individuals, and aligning senior stakeholders</li>
<li>High level of technical and analytical fluency. You are comfortable working with APIs, data models, audits, and reporting workflows</li>
<li>Familiarity with financial services infrastructure, such as KYC, KYB and AML systems, licensing processes, scalable invoicing platforms incl e-Invoicing and core banking platforms&nbsp;</li>
<li>Excellent stakeholder management and communication skills, including experience influencing executives and cross-functional teams across legal, finance, and engineering</li>
<li>A track record of operating in high-ambiguity environments, navigating risk, and delivering product impact without full information</li>
<li>Fintech &amp; Payments Subject Matter Expertise: Minimum 8–12 years of overall Product Management experience, with a significant portion dedicated to the Fintech or Financial Services sector</li>
<li>Ability to communicate effectively across all levels of the organization</li>
</ul>
<p>A humble, collaborative mindset is important. You care about the success and growth of your teams and the product outcomes in equal measure.</p>
<h2>Next steps</h2>
<p>The position will be filled as soon as we find the right person, so make sure to apply as soon as you realize you really, really want to join us!</p>
<p>The compensation will be a negotiable combination of monthly pay and DoorDash RSUs. The latter makes it exceptionally easy to be excited about our company growing and doing well, as you’ll own a piece of the pie.</p>
<p><iframe src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/GoL541\_xj9w" width="560" height="314"></iframe></p><div class="content-conclusion"><h2><span data-sheets-root="1">Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion</span></h2>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">We’re committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. That’s why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.</span></p></div>