<p><strong>THE POSITION<br></strong>Our roster has an opening with your name on it</p>
<p>At FanDuel, our developers are the foundation of every great fan experience — and we’re looking for a Senior Technical Program Manager to join our growing Platform team. You’ll be a key member managing the delivery of cross-functional, high-impact data initiatives.</p>
<p>This is a hands-on, delivery-focused role that bridges across Product, Engineering, and Operations — ensuring the internal platforms we build are scalable, secure, and deeply aligned with developer needs. You will be supported and guided by your peers to achieve successful outcomes. And collaborate with colleagues across product and engineering to get their input and work diligently to meet timelines, mitigate risks, and use data to drive your decisions.</p>
<p>In addition to the specific responsibilities outlined above, employees may be required to perform other such duties as assigned by the Company. This ensures operational flexibility and allows the Company to meet evolving business needs.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>THE GAME PLAN</strong><br>Everyone on our team has a part to play</p>
<p><strong>Program Execution &amp; Delivery</strong></p>
<p>· Drive execution of end-to-end data programs, ensuring timelines, milestones, and quality targets are met</p>
<p>· Develop project plans, track progress, proactively identify risks, and drive resolution of blockers across teams</p>
<p>· Proactively identify and highlight dependencies between teams, ensuring that these are either removed or managed</p>
<p>· Coordinate program activities across product and engineering teams</p>
<p>· Communicate program status via regular updates to key stakeholders</p>
<p><strong>Cross-Functional Collaboration</strong></p>
<p>· Partner with technical and non-technical teams including product, engineering, and security to align on scope, success criteria, and timelines</p>
<p>· Serve as a liaison between stakeholders, ensuring clear communication and translating business requirements into actionable technical plans</p>
<p>· Support intake and prioritization of new initiatives, working with leadership and PMs to define roadmaps and OKRs</p>
<p><strong>Operational &amp; Technical Excellence</strong></p>
<p>· Define and implement best practices for program delivery, including documentation, program status reporting</p>
<p>· Report on key metrics such as delivery velocity and business impact</p>
<p>· Mentor junior program managers, promoting operational excellence through agile best practices, while driving cross-functional alignment and stakeholder&nbsp; collaboration across domain initiatives.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>THE STATS</strong><br>What we're looking for in our next teammate</p>
<p>· 5+ years of Technical Program Management experience. Alternatively, Program Manager or Scrum Master experience working closely with Engineering teams.</p>
<p>· Proven ability to manage complex technical programs end-to-end across multiple teams and stakeholders</p>
<p>· Strong organizational and communication skills with the ability to distill complexity and manage competing priorities</p>
<p>· Experience with agile methodologies, program planning tools (Jira, Asana, Confluence), and stakeholder reporting</p>
<p>· A bonus if you have experience working with DevOps, Engineering and Developer Platforms.</p>
<p>· Don’t check all the boxes? That’s okay! We encourage you to still apply if you feel like you possess an adjacent skill set and are interested in learning more about this position.</p>
<p style="text-align: center;">&nbsp;</p>
<p style="text-align: center;"><strong>ABOUT FANDUEL</strong></p>
<p>FanDuel Group is the premier mobile gaming company in the United States and Canada. FanDuel Group consists of a portfolio of leading brands across mobile wagering including: America’s #1 Sportsbook, FanDuel Sportsbook; its leading iGaming platform, FanDuel Casino; the industry’s unquestioned leader in horse racing and advance-deposit wagering, FanDuel Racing; and its daily fantasy sports product. &nbsp;</p>
<p>In addition, FanDuel Group operates FanDuel TV, its broadly distributed linear cable television network and FanDuel TV+, its leading direct-to-consumer OTT platform. FanDuel Group has a presence across all 50 states, Canada, and Puerto Rico.</p>
<p>The company is based in New York with US offices in Los Angeles, Atlanta, and Jersey City, as well as global offices in Canada and Scotland. The company’s affiliates have offices worldwide, including in Ireland, Portugal, Romania, and Australia.</p>
<p>FanDuel Group is a subsidiary of Flutter Entertainment, the world's largest sports betting and gaming operator with a portfolio of globally recognized brands and traded on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE: FLUT).</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>PLAYER BENEFITS</strong><br>We treat our team right</p>
<p>We offer amazing benefits above and beyond the basics. We have an array of health plans to choose from (some as low as $0 per paycheck) that include programs for fertility and family planning, mental health support, and fitness benefits. We offer generous paid time off (PTO &amp; sick leave), annual bonus and long-term incentive opportunities (based on performance), 401k with up to a 5% match, commuter benefits , pet insurance, and more - check out all our benefits here:&nbsp;<a href="https://fanduelbenefits.com/"><strong>FanDuel Total Rewards</strong></a>. \*Benefits differ across location, role, and level.</p>
<p>FanDuel is an equal opportunities employer and we believe, as one of our principles states, “We are One Team!”. As such, we are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ethnicity, ancestry, religion, creed, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship status, marital status, disability, gender identity, gender expression, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by state, local or federal law. We believe FanDuel is strongest and best able to compete if all employees feel valued, respected, and included.<br><br></p>
<p style="text-align: center;"><strong><em>The applicable salary range for this position is <span data-olk-copy-source="MessageBody">$138,000 - $173,000</span> USD, which is dependent on a variety of factors including relevant experience, location, business needs and market demand. This role may offer the following benefits: medical, vision, and dental insurance; life insurance; disability insurance; a 401(k) matching program; among other employee benefits. This role may also be eligible for short-term or long-term incentive compensation, including, but not limited to, cash bonuses and stock program participation. This role includes paid personal time off and 14 paid company holidays. FanDuel offers paid sick time in accordance with all applicable state and federal laws.</em></strong></p>
<p style="text-align: center;"><strong><em>FanDuel is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities. If you have a disability and need a workplace accommodation or adjustment during the application and hiring process, including support for the interview or onboarding process, please email<span class="Apple-converted-space">&nbsp;</span><a class="ms-outlook-linkify" href="mailto:Benefits@fanduel.com">Benefits@fanduel.com</a>.</em></strong></p>
<p style="text-align: center;"><strong><em>It is unlawful in Massachusetts to require or administer a lie detector test as a condition of employment or continued employment. An employer who violates this law shall be subject to criminal penalties and civil liability.</em></strong></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>#LI-Hybrid</p>