<div class="content-intro"><p><strong data-stringify-type="bold">Why work at Nebius<br></strong>Nebius is leading a new era in cloud computing to serve the global AI economy. We create the tools and resources our customers need to solve real-world challenges and transform industries, without massive infrastructure costs or the need to build large in-house AI/ML teams. Our employees work at the cutting edge of AI cloud infrastructure alongside some of the most experienced and innovative leaders and engineers in the field.</p>
<p><strong>Where we work<br></strong>Headquartered in Amsterdam and listed on Nasdaq, Nebius has a global footprint with R&amp;D hubs across Europe, North America, and Israel. The team of over 1400 employees includes more than 400 highly skilled engineers with deep expertise across hardware and software engineering, as well as an in-house AI R&amp;D team.</p></div><h3><strong><span data-contrast="auto">The role</span></strong><span data-ccp-props="{}">&nbsp;<br></span></h3>
<p><span data-ccp-props="{}">Nebius is looking for candidates to strengthen its datacenter facilities engineering team. You will work,<br>individually and in collaboration, with internal business partners (technical teams, especially technical<br>project managers and different vendors), to deliver planning and design, and to oversee the<br>construction and implementation of the electrical engineering aspects of our data centers.<br><br>This role requires a flexible, pro-active mindset with attention for details and good communication<br>skills, and a willingness to travel.</span></p>
<p><span data-ccp-props="{&quot;335559685&quot;:720,&quot;335559991&quot;:360}">You’re welcome to work in our office in <strong>Amsterdam, hybrid or remotely.</strong></span></p>
<p><strong><span data-ccp-props="{&quot;335559685&quot;:720,&quot;335559991&quot;:360}"><span class="TextRun MacChromeBold SCXW95146830 BCX0" lang="EN-US" data-contrast="auto"><span class="NormalTextRun SCXW95146830 BCX0" data-ccp-charstyle="Strong">Your responsibilities will include:</span></span><span class="EOP SCXW95146830 BCX0" data-ccp-props="{&quot;134233117&quot;:true,&quot;134233118&quot;:true}">&nbsp;</span></span></strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Plan, validate and verify the roll out of reliant electrical systems</li>
<li>Work with our internal and external business partners</li>
<li>Create designs which meet and exceed Nebius’s quality benchmarks on time and within budget</li>
<li>Seek new designs and amalgamate new technologies within Nebius AI’s data center planning and infrastructure<span data-contrast="auto"><span data-ccp-parastyle="Normal (Web)">&nbsp;</span></span><span data-ccp-props="{&quot;134233117&quot;:true,&quot;134233118&quot;:true}">&nbsp;</span></li>
</ul>
<p><strong><span data-contrast="auto"><span data-ccp-charstyle="Strong">We expect you to have:</span></span><span data-ccp-props="{&quot;134233117&quot;:true,&quot;134233118&quot;:true}">&nbsp;</span></strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Bachelor’s degree in electrical engineering, or equivalent experience</li>
<li>5+ years of experience in creating electrical design documentation for construction</li>
<li>5+ years of experience in commercial and/or industrial electrical design</li>
<li>In-depth understanding of electrical equipment such as: power distribution, busway systems, electrical switchgear, UPS, and diesel generators</li>
<li>Basic understanding of mechanical equipment and systems related to data centers</li>
<li>Good communication skills, fluent in English</li>
<li>A flexible, pro-active mindset with attention for details</li>
</ul>
<p><strong><span data-contrast="auto"><span data-ccp-charstyle="Strong">It will be </span><span data-ccp-charstyle="Strong">an added bonus</span><span data-ccp-charstyle="Strong"> if you have:</span></span><span data-ccp-props="{&quot;134233117&quot;:true,&quot;134233118&quot;:true}">&nbsp;</span></strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Experience with designing, operating, or maintaining mission critical facilities</li>
<li>Experience with the application of regional and international standards</li>
<li>CDCDP, Uptime, or other similar certificates</li>
<li>Knowledge of and experience with the roll-out of DC (direct current) power distribution systems</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>What we offer</strong>&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>Competitive salary and comprehensive benefits package.</li>
<li>Opportunities for professional growth within Nebius.</li>
<li>Flexible working arrangements.</li>
<li>A dynamic and collaborative work environment that values initiative and innovation.</li>
</ul>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">We’re growing and expanding our products every day. If you’re up to the challenge and are excited about AI and ML as much as we are, join us!</span></p></div>