<div class="content-intro"><h2><span data-sheets-root="1">About Wolt</span></h2>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">At Wolt, we create technology that brings joy, simplicity and earnings to the neighborhoods of the world. In 2014 we started with delivery of restaurant food. Now we’re building the delivery of (almost) everything and you’ll find us in over 500 cities in 30 countries around the world. In 2022 we joined forces with DoorDash and together we keep on dreaming big and expanding across the globe.<br><br>Working at Wolt isn’t always easy, but it’s definitely exciting. Here you’ll learn more, build more, and ship more than in most other companies. You’ll be challenged a lot, but also have a lot of fun on the way. So, if you’re a self-starter with drive and entrepreneurial spirit, this could be the ride of your life.</span></p></div><p>At Wolt, you can grow your sales career with a fun and fast-scaling global business. Part of the DoorDash team, we’re building a global logistics platform that can deliver (almost) everything in your city, to your door in minutes. Today, our products are used by 55+ million registered users who can now order from 200,000+ restaurants and retail stores across 30+ countries around the world.</p>
<p>Our Sales teams create and build our relationships with merchants. Together, we’ve helped big brands, local stores and neighborhood restaurants do over €15 billion’s worth of business through our platform. We’re constantly launching new cities and products, so there are always new opportunities to expand your skills and progress your career.</p>
<p><strong>Join us in our office in Belgrade and be part of the growth!</strong></p>
<h2>What you’ll be doing</h2>
<p>As Merchant Services Associate, you’ll play a vital role in supporting our merchant partners throughout their journey with Wolt. You will be the bridge between our operations team and our partners, ensuring smooth collaboration, top-quality service, and continuous development opportunities. This role is an exciting mix of partner support, process management, and business growth.</p>
<h3><strong>Day-to-day in this role you’ll:</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Build strong relationships with partners by training them on how to use our systems and keeping them updated on improvements</li>
<li>Ensure partners reach the highest service standards by conducting frequent quality and satisfaction checks, along with daily support on frequent questions.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Support partner business growth by analyzing and sharing data insights</li>
<li>Manage and update partner menus and visuals to ensure alignment with the Wolt brand</li>
<li>Assist the team with project work and have the opportunity to lead projects on your own</li>
<li>Assist the Account Management team with urgent cases as needed</li>
<li>Share best practices across different teams to improve processes and support</li>
</ul>
<h2>Our humble expectations&nbsp;</h2>
<ul>
<li>Have the charm, empathy and honesty to build strong relationships.</li>
<li>Are used to high-performance, high-expectation cultures and working with a team.</li>
<li>Take a hands-on, proactive approach to getting stuff done and seeing things through.</li>
<li>Have fluent and persuasive written and spoken communication skills in English and Serbian.</li>
<li>Are entrepreneurial, innovative, and good at solving problems.</li>
<li>Can adapt quickly in a rapidly changing market.</li>
<li>Have around 1 year of customer support or partner operations experience.</li>
</ul>
<h2>Why you’ll love it</h2>
<ul>
<li><strong>🚀Global and growing fast: </strong>Be part of a fast-moving scaleup</li>
<li><strong>🤩Ride of a lifetime: </strong>Accelerate your career and build your sales skills&nbsp;</li>
<li><strong>💪Instant impact: </strong>Take ownership and make a difference</li>
<li><strong>💙Big hearts and small egos: </strong>Surround yourself with smart, friendly people</li>
</ul>
<h2>Next steps</h2>
<p>If this sounds like an opportunity you want to pursue, apply today!&nbsp; 💙</p>
<p>We will be reviewing applications on an on-going basis. If this sounds like an opportunity you want to pursue, apply today!&nbsp; 💙</p>
<p><iframe src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/GoL541\_xj9w" width="560" height="314"></iframe></p><div class="content-conclusion"><h2><span data-sheets-root="1">Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion</span></h2>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">We’re committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. That’s why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.</span></p></div>