<p>The MongoDB Database Experience team is a diverse group of contributors working together to help our users manage MongoDB at global scale. This includes building tools for MongoDB Atlas: our database as a service offering and fastest growing product which allows users to deploy fault-tolerant, globally distributed MongoDB clusters in just minutes.</p>
<p>We're seeking a Senior Software Engineer to join our Developer Tools Team within the Database Experience department. The team is responsible for tools which allow users to interact with their data and to understand the health and performance of their MongoDB deployments. The Developer Tools Team works on a variety of APIs and customer-facing UIs empowering MongoDB users to interact with their stored data, whether that’s on desktop via MongoDB Compass or in the browser via Atlas Data Explorer.</p>
<p>This role can be based out of our Dublin office or remotely in Ireland</p>
<h3>We're looking for someone who</h3>
<ul>
<li>Has at least 4 years of experience working on backend systems (Java, C#, Go, Node.js, etc.)</li>
<li>Is a backend engineer with a willingness to take on frontend tasks or a full-stack developer with a bias towards backend</li>
<li>Has experience with the design and architecture of a modern, scalable, high availability web application</li>
<li>Has experience working with databases</li>
<li>Enjoys collaboration and being part of a team</li>
<li>Is approachable, curious, and intellectually honest</li>
<li>Would enjoy chasing down difficult problems in a distributed environment</li>
<li>Always strives to expand their knowledge</li>
</ul>
<h3>Nice to Haves</h3>
<ul>
<li>Knowledge of database internals and tuning mechanisms, particularly indexing</li>
<li>Previous work in TypeScript, React, and Node.js, particularly maintaining an ecosystem of dependencies</li>
<li>Experience working with websocket based client to server communication</li>
<li>Familiarity with developing and supporting microservice based architectures using Kubernetes</li>
</ul>
<h3>About MongoDB</h3>
<p>MongoDB is built for change, empowering our customers and our people to innovate at the speed of the market. We have redefined the database for the AI era, enabling innovators to create, transform, and disrupt industries with software. MongoDB’s unified database platform, the most widely available, globally distributed database on the market, helps organizations modernize legacy workloads, embrace innovation, and unleash AI. Our cloud-native platform, MongoDB Atlas, is the only globally distributed, multi-cloud database and is available across AWS, Google Cloud, and Microsoft Azure.</p>
<p>With offices worldwide and over 60,000 customers, including 75% of the Fortune 100 and AI-native startups, relying on MongoDB for their most important applications, we’re powering the next era of software.</p>
<p>Our compass at MongoDB is our <a href="https://www.mongodb.com/company">Leadership Commitment,</a> guiding how and why we make decisions, show up for each other, and win. It’s what makes us MongoDB.&nbsp;</p>
<p>To drive the personal growth and business impact of our employees, we’re committed to developing a supportive and enriching culture for everyone. <a href="https://www.mongodb.com/company/blog/culture/employee-benefits-that-make-a-difference-at-mongodb">From employee affinity groups, to fertility assistance and a generous parental leave policy</a>, we value our employees’ wellbeing and want to support them along every step of their professional and personal journeys.<a href="https://www.mongodb.com/blog/channel/culture"> Learn more about what it’s like to work at MongoDB</a>, and help us make an impact on the world!</p>
<p>MongoDB is committed to providing any necessary accommodations for individuals with disabilities within our application and interview process. To request an accommodation due to a disability, please inform your recruiter.</p>
<p>MongoDB is an equal opportunities employer.</p>
<p><em>Req ID: 1273401326</em></p>