<p>The Solution Sales Manager will oversee market success of ServiceNow's Moveworks products. These products are built on our market leading Service Management platform and create a single source of truth that allows enterprise processes to execute with uniform information.</p>
<p><strong>What you get to do in this role:</strong></p>
<p>The Solution Sales Manager supports the strategy and solution win for specialty solution areas depending on engagement model. Responsibilities/ activities can vary by solution area given coverage capacity.</p>
<ul>
<li>
<ul>
<li>Support territory strategy and planning to improve vertical understanding, account use case targeting and execution</li>
<li>Provide input to AE during the account planning process based on territory strategy and recommendation</li>
<li>Ensure recommendation to territory strategy and account planning is aligned with Now Value principles</li>
<li>Support customers to envision the value of a digital transformation and support development of strategy by partnering with rest of account team, customer and partners.</li>
<li>Interlock with SC &amp; Specialist SC on Capability Roadmap for feedback and agreement and team based on engagement model</li>
<li>Coach AEs, ADRs, ACE with foundational specialty solution area knowledge to identify specialty solution opportunities and help manage the sales cycle</li>
<li>Customize the time allocation of responsibilities to the needs of the territory and account team and celebrate successes</li>
<li>Champion diversity and belonging to contribute to an open and inclusive environment</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<h4><strong>What do you bring to the table?</strong></h4>
<ul>
<li>Experience in leveraging or critically thinking about how to integrate AI into work processes, decision-making, or problem-solving. This may include using AI-powered tools, automating workflows, analyzing AI-driven insights, or exploring AI's potential impact on the function or industry.</li>
<li>5+ years knowledge on return on investment of specialty solutions area to lead solution win</li>
<li>Experience as an AE, or in alternative sales/ customer service role</li>
<li>Understanding of business sales processes</li>
<li>Traver required: 30-50%</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>Compensation Structure: Base + Commission + Equity</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p>\*Our compensation package includes a market competitive salary, equity for all full time roles, exceptional benefits, and, for applicable roles, commissions or bonus plans.&nbsp;<br>Ultimately, in determining pay, final offers may vary from the amount listed based on geography, the role’s scope and complexity, the candidate’s experience and expertise, and other factors.</p>
<p>Moveworks Is An Equal Opportunity Employer<br>\*Moveworks is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We provide employment opportunities without regard to age, race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, disability, sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, veteran status, or any other characteristics protected by law.</p>
<h4><strong>Who We Are&nbsp;</strong></h4>
<p>Moveworks is the Agentic AI Assistant platform that empowers the entire workforce.</p>
<p>Our platform enables employees to converse with all of their business systems through natural language to quickly find answers and automate tasks. Powered by the world's most advanced LLMs, our proprietary models, and a sophisticated Agentic AI platform, we're transforming how work gets done by allowing AI to take initiative, streamline complex workflows, and continuously learn and adapt.</p>
<p>Moveworks is trusted by over 5.5 million employees at more than 350 of the world’s largest companies, including 10% of the Fortune 500, to automate everyday tasks and streamline business operations. Recognized on the Forbes Cloud 100 and AI 50 lists, Moveworks was also named one of Fast Company’s 2025 Most Innovative Companies and Inc’s Best in Business, in the Best in Innovation category. Moveworks was also recognized at Microsoft’s 2025 Partner of the Year and in 2024, received the AI Breakthrough Award.</p>
<p>In December 2025, Moveworks was acquired by ServiceNow, marking a pivotal milestone in our journey to create a single front door to work for all business systems. By combining ServiceNow’s leading workflow automation with Moveworks’ Reasoning Engine and natural language capabilities, we deliver the AI platform for every person and every workflow. Built to go beyond basic summaries to deliver meaningful business impact. Together, our AI acts across enterprise systems to turn conversations into completed work.</p>
<p>By joining our team, you’ll be at the forefront of the AI transformation, backed by the global scale of ServiceNow and the agility of a high-growth company. We are looking for world-class talent to help us extend agentic AI to every employee across every corner of the business.<br><br>Come join us!</p>
<p><strong>ServiceNow<br><br></strong>It all started in sunny San Diego, California in 2004 when a visionary engineer, Fred Luddy, saw the potential to transform how we work. Fast forward to today — ServiceNow stands as a global market leader, bringing innovative AI-enhanced technology to over 8,100 customers, including 85% of the Fortune 500®. Our intelligent cloud-based platform seamlessly connects people, systems, and processes to empower organizations to find smarter, faster, and better ways to work. But this is just the beginning of our journey. Join us as we pursue our purpose to make the world work better for everyone.<br><br><br></p></div>