We’re not just behavioral health people—we’re crisis people.
Connections Health Solutions is a leading provider of immediate-access behavioral health crisis care. Our team combines medical and recovery-oriented treatment to stabilize individuals in crisis and connect them to community-based resources for ongoing recovery.  
Founded by emergency room psychiatrists Dr. Chris Carson and Dr. Robert Williamson, our model is physician-led and data-driven, drawing upon more than 15 years of crisis care expertise. Recognized by SAMHSA and the National Council for Mental Wellbeing as a national best practice, we’ve delivered invaluable treatment to hundreds of thousands of individuals facing crises. Our commitment remains consistent, to improve access, inspire hope, and provide the right support.  
Our values shape our decisions, define our culture, and foster continuous learning and growth.  
We accept people as they are, creating safe spaces where they feel valued and respected. We inspire hope by walking with people side-by-side, showing them grace and compassion. We act with intention, holding ourselves and each other accountable, and doing the right thing. We work as one team, trusting and supporting each other. We embrace change and innov  
  
Please mention the word \*\*GODSEND\*\* and tag RNzkuMTU4LjE4Ni4yMzg= when applying to show you read the job post completely (#RNzkuMTU4LjE4Ni4yMzg=). This is a beta feature to avoid spam applicants. Companies can search these words to find applicants that read this and see they're human.