**Job Description**

At [Snappr](http://www.snappr.co/), we're changing the world by making amazing photography accessible to everyone. We take on complex problems so that photographers, consumers, and businesses can connect in more than 200 cities around the world to create and access beautiful photos.

We welcome people from all backgrounds who seek the opportunity to build a future where people can capture their special memories easily and affordably. If you have the drive, passion, and collaborative spirit to work with us, let’s revolutionize photography together.

**About the team:**

Snappr is the world’s largest on-demand marketplace for professional photography. We are a team of driven, entrepreneurial individuals redefining photography everywhere. This is an awesome opportunity to be at the ground level of a rapidly growing product and to have a meaningful impact on its growth. The end result of everything you'll do at Snappr is more people capturing more of their most precious life moments. Our rocket ship has a seat open just for you.

**About the role:**

With our global footprint and hypergrowth, one of Snappr’s top priorities is to grow the quality and quantity of our supply base. As Operations Manager, you will be challenged to manage an in-house team of creative professionals responsible for bringing out the full potential of all the shoots completed by our Partner Photographers worldwide. Your impact on delivering vibrant, standout galleries to our customers and giving them an incredible experience will be the lifeblood that powers Snappr’s explosive growth and enables our consumers and enterprise clients to access on-demand photography worldwide.

## What you’ll do:

- Manage and engage a team of fun and highly talented creative professionals
- Identify bottlenecks in our operational processes and execute solutions to improve turnaround times for shoots
- Operate a quality management system in our photography operations
- Utilize data to understand team performance and areas for improvement in our operations
- Maximize team productivity with a mix of training and tool-building
- Work closely with the product and operations team to launch and operationalize new products from scratch
- Understand the vision and strategy for your team and get all members pumped and aligned to power Snappr's growth
- Develop & optimize processes by breaking projects into actionable steps with aggressive timelines for completion
- Hustle - take ownership of Snappr's growth and do whatever it takes to get the job done

## What you’ll need:

- At least 5 years of workforce management experience
- Experience with data analytics in spreadsheets
- Fluency in written and spoken English
- Ability to work the night shift/flexible shifts
- A "let's get it done" mindset
- The ability to balance attention to detail with swift execution - we need to do things quickly, and we need to do them well

## Nice to have:

- Knowledge of Adobe Lightroom and Adobe Photoshop
- Some type of image output/editing experience with a high run rate
- Vendor management experience

## Job benefits:

- Competitive salary
- Equity ownership in the company
- HMO (w/ dependents)
- Free daily meals
- great workspace in Ortigas CBD