### **Proper AI is an AI-first accounting service built for property managers and real estate operators.**

By combining automation, technology, and a global team of accounting experts, we deliver faster, more accurate financial operations at scale.

We’re a team of builders, problem-solvers, and operators from around the world, working together to modernize one of the most critical functions in real estate.

Learn more at [Proper.ai](http://proper.ai)

**We’re seeking an Accountant I to join our team.**

We are looking for someone with great attention to detail to work with a team of 8-10 accountants and help extract and enter accounting data accurately. Your data entry skills will support accounting operations. At Proper, we take pride in delivering amazing results, communicating effectively, and growing our business and this role will be instrumental in continuing that trend.

If that sounds like you and you’re excited by the idea of joining a world-class team that’s passionate about growing together, we look forward to hearing from you.

Proper is a San Francisco based tech startup. **This position will be based remotely in Colombia**

## Role and Responsabilities

- Work with a team of 8-10 people to extract and input accounting-related information in a fast-paced environment.
- Communication with clients on a daily basis via email.

**Accounts Payable**

- Posting and processing journal entries to ensure all business transactions are recorded.
- Assist in the processing of balance sheets, income statements, and other financial statements according to legal and company accounting and financial guidelines.
- Update financial data in databases to ensure that information will be accurate and immediately available when needed.
- Adhere to standard operating procedures to ensure an optimal level of timeliness.

**Bank Account Reconciliation**

- Responsible for pulling bank statements and matching all transactions into the software for bank reconciliations.
- Responsible for following the protocols & SOPs established by the company to ensure quality in daily operations.
- Identify and flag unmatched and stale dated transactions (checks remain uncleared for 90 days or longer) to the team General Accountant for follow-up.

**Accounts Receivable**

- Perform specific low-complexity activities for the manual rent invoice posting/cash application processes.

## Requirements

- Bachelor's degree in Accounting, Finance, or a related field.
- Minimum of 1 year in AP/AR roles.
- Good understanding of accounting and financial reporting principles and practices
- Intermediate knowledge of English, at minimum.

## Preferred Experience

- Experience in transitioning or integrating SSC methodologies into a corporate environment.
- Experience working in or with a Shared Service Center.
- Familiarity with major accounting software such as Quickbooks, Yardi, AppFolio, etc.
- Excellent interpersonal and communication skills.
- Attention to detail & ability to manage multiple tasks.
- Strong team player with the ability to work independently.
- Dealing in a fast-paced startup environment is a plus
- Software experience: Jira, Hubspot

*Proper is proud to be an equal opportunity employer committed to creating a diverse environment to work by offering the same opportunities to all applicants regardless of gender, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, disability, national origins, marital status, or other characteristics. We base our talent search exclusively on competencies, abilities and potential.*