<p><strong>Your Impact</strong></p>
<p>We are looking for a Software Engineer to join the Identity and Access Management team.</p>
<p>Join our new team dedicated to authentication and user rights management. As a&nbsp;<strong>Software Engineer,</strong> you will play a key role in leading the gold standard for access control on Doctolib's platform. Help protect sensitive user and financial data while enabling seamless workflows for healthcare professionals. Working in the tech team at Doctolib means building innovative products and features to improve the daily lives of care teams and patients.</p>
<p><strong>What you'll do</strong></p>
<p>Your responsibilities include but are not limited to:</p>
<ul>
<li>Develop and maintain secure authentication and authorization services that scale across millions of users</li>
<li>Design and build modern OIDC authentication flows on Keycloak that handle security-critical traffic across Doctolib's platform</li>
<li>&nbsp;Lead large-scale migrations of authentication journeys to the new IAM stack, ensuring zero-downtime rollouts and measurable improvements in scalability, security, and developer experience&nbsp;</li>
<li>Build high-performance backend features using Java/Kotlin and Springboot, working with event-driven architectures (Kafka)</li>
<li>Collaborate with product managers, designers, and engineers across teams to deliver secure, user-first solutions</li>
<li>Contribute to frontend implementations using React (TypeScript/JavaScript) to create seamless user experiences</li>
<li>Bring your expertise to continuously improve our engineering practices, code quality, and system reliability.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Who you are</strong></p>
<p>Before you read on: if you don't have the exact profile described below, but you feel this job description matches your skill set, we still encourage you to apply.</p>
<p>You'll be a great fit if you:</p>
<ul>
<li>You have at least 4+ years of software engineering experience as a developer</li>
<li>You have strong backend development skills with Java or Kotlin and experience with distributed systems</li>
<li>You are willing to learn and work with Ruby on Rails</li>
<li>You are willing to work on frontend development with React</li>
<li>You have a "user first" mindset and want to build products focused on bringing value through secure, well-tested, and pragmatic code</li>
<li>You are proactive, curious, collaborative, and eager to learn</li>
<li>You integrate AI into your daily workflow</li>
<li>You are fluent in English (German is a plus)</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Life at Doctolib Tech</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Our solutions are built on a single fully cloud-native platform that supports web and mobile app interfaces, multiple languages, and is adapted to country and healthcare specialty requirements.</li>
<li>Our stack is composed of Rails, TypeScript, Java, Python, Kotlin, Swift, and React Native.</li>
<li>We leverage AI ethically across our products to empower patients and health professionals. Discover our AI vision <a href="https://careers.doctolib.com/ai-careers/">here</a>.</li>
</ul>
<p>Want to learn more about our tech culture and environment? Visit the<a href="https://careers.doctolib.com/tech-doctolib/"> Doctolib Tech site</a><em>.</em></p>
<p><strong>What we offer</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>A Deutschlandticket (Germany-wide public transport pass) fully paid for by Doctolib</li>
<li>28 vacation days + 1 additional day for each full calendar year of employment (up to a maximum of 30 days)</li>
<li>Work from abroad for up to 10 days per year thanks to our flexibility days policy</li>
<li>Company health insurance with great supplementary benefits through our partner Allianz</li>
<li>Company pension scheme (bAV) through Allianz with an employer subsidy of 40% (15% within the probationary period)</li>
<li>The Doctolib Parent Care program, which includes one month additional parental leave and much more</li>
<li>Enrollment in Doctolib's long-term employee value sharing plan called DoctoGrowth</li>
<li>Free mental health and coaching services through our partner Moka.care</li>
<li>Subsidized sports membership through our partner Urban Sports Club</li>
<li>A flexible workplace policy offering both hybrid and office-based mode</li>
<li>Alongside healthy snacks and our regular breakfast buffet, we provide a subsidized meal benefit</li>
<li>For caregivers and workers with disabilities, a package including an adaptation of the remote policy, extra days off for medical reasons, and psychological support</li>
<li>Relocation support in case of international mobility</li>
<li>Access to the best AI tools for coding, development and dedicated training</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Our interview process</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Recruiter Interview</li>
<li>Feature Building Interview</li>
<li>System Design Interview</li>
<li>Behavioral Interview</li>
<li>At least one reference check</li>
</ul>
<p>We want your experience to be clear, respectful, and transparent. Learn more about our hiring process on our<a href="https://careers.doctolib.com/tech-doctolib/getting-hired/"> candidate experience page</a>.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Job details</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Permanent position</li>
<li>Tech stack: Java, Kotlin, Ruby on Rails, React</li>
<li>Full-time</li>
<li>Location: Berlin, Germany</li>
<li>Working mode: Hybrid</li>
<li>Start date: as soon as possible</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>We welcome everyone</strong></p>
<p>At Doctolib, we are committed to improving access to healthcare for everyone. This translates into our recruitment process. We evaluate candidates based solely on qualifications and motivation, without any form of discrimination.</p>
<p>The more diverse ideas are heard, the more our product will truly improve healthcare for all. You are welcome to apply to Doctolib, regardless of your gender, religion, age, sexual orientation, ethnicity, or disability.</p>
<p>To ensure equal opportunities, we invite you to exclude personal information (e.g., pictures, age) from your applications. If you require any accommodation, please let us know for support during the hiring process.</p>
<p>Join us in building the healthcare we all dream of!</p>
<p><strong>Your data privacy</strong></p>
<p>All information provided is processed by Doctolib for application management. For data processing details, click <a href="https://doctolib.legal/B2C-Privacy-Policy-Career-DE" target="\_blank">here.</a>&nbsp;Please contact hr.dataprivacy(at)doctolib.com for inquiries or to exercise your rights.</p>