Founded in 2013, Voodoo is a tech company that creates mobile games and apps with a mission to entertain the world. Gathering 800 employees, 7 billion downloads, and over 200 million active users, Voodoo is the #3 mobile publisher worldwide in terms of downloads after Google and Meta. Our portfolio includes chart-topping games like Mob Control and Block Jam, alongside popular apps such as BeReal and Wizz.

Founded in 2013, Voodoo is a tech company that creates mobile games and apps with a mission to entertain the world. Gathering 800 employees, 7 billion downloads, and over 200 million active users, Voodoo is the #3 mobile publisher worldwide in terms of downloads after Google and Meta. Our portfolio includes chart-topping games like Mob Control and Block Jam, alongside popular apps such as BeReal and Wizz.

Fully remote is accepted globally, preferably in CET timezone.

**Team**

Our Gaming team is made up of hybrid-casual, casual and mid-core experts. Our 'Core' games team supports internal and external studios worldwide in creating, developing and launching new hit games, whilst our 'Live' games team focuses on delivering higher engagement on our existing and successful games.

Voodoo is creating a new Casual Studio with a big mission: find the next best way to entertain the world by taking our best hits to a new level. You will join a team that is growing but still small, composed of veterans from the industry, where you will participate in every aspect of development, from ideation to testing the casual games in the market.

The Studio is working on our Portfolio Games team working Ball Blast and some of our other hit games.

## Role

- Contribute to the evolution of the core gameplay loop, ensuring it remains accessible while introducing new layers of depth, challenge, and mastery
- Continuously analyze in-game data to identify opportunities for optimizing and growing game economies.
- Create and maintain models of in-game economies, considering player progression, currency flow, and reward systems.
- Deliver designs of A/B tests to experiment with different economic models and features, analyzing results to implement the most effective solutions; monitor test performance and iterate on strategies based on data-driven insights.
- Drive close collaboration with other Game Designers, Developers, Artists and Analysts to align feature strategies with game design goals and clear KPIs that prove success;Ensure that game economy models are scalable and adaptable to new game features or changes in player behavior.
- Regularly present findings and recommendations to stakeholders, including the General Manager and Game Designers, to drive informed decision-making
- Stay up-to-date with industry trends and competitor strategies in casual games to identify opportunities for innovation and differentiation.
- Apply industry best practices and learnings to enhance game monetization and player experiences.

## Profile

- 4+ years of experience as a Game Designer, ideally on a Midcore or Casual game.
- Track record of working with games that achieve long-term player engagement and retention.
- Demonstrated experience in defining and maintaining Live Ops strategies to drive sustained engagement and monetization.
- Experience working on F2P mobile games creating economy, monetization loops, and maintaining their balancing.
- Demonstrated success in leading multidisciplinary teams to achieve design excellence and deliver engaging player experiences
- Clear communication skills in English, both written and verbal; Clear and concise.
- Entrepreneurial mindset essential

## Benefits

- Best-in-class compensation
- Other benefits according to the country you reside