<div class="content-intro"><h2><strong>About Starburst</strong></h2>
<p>Starburst is the data platform for analytics, applications, and AI, unifying data across clouds and on-premises to accelerate AI innovation. Organizations—from startups to Fortune 500 enterprises in 60+ countries—rely on Starburst for fast data access, seamless collaboration, and enterprise-grade governance on an open hybrid data lakehouse. Wherever data lives, Starburst unlocks its full potential, powering data and AI from development to deployment. By future-proofing data architecture, Starburst helps businesses fuel innovation with AI.</p></div><p><strong>About the role:</strong></p>
<p>As a Senior Software Engineer on the fully distributed Starburst Galaxy Reliability, Scalability, &amp; Efficiency team, you’ll own the reliability, scalability and efficiency (performance/$) of Starburst Galaxy IaaS/SaaS as we grow. You will help design and build core infrastructure around Trino of the Galaxy Product itself, as well as build “the machine that builds the machine” that is used to operate our SaaS at scale. Daily tasks will include developing the backend infrastructure related to product features, building operational tooling, supporting our product in production, and driving collaboration with various stakeholders around the reliability, scalability and efficiency of Starburst Galaxy.</p>
<p>On the <strong>Core Infrastructure</strong> team, you will ensure the reliability and scalability of the Starburst Galaxy infrastructure as we grow to meet the demands of our customers. You’ll own the apis for provisioning and upgrading cloud infrastructure across AWS, Azure &amp; GCP.&nbsp;</p>
<p>On the <strong>Delivery &amp; Enablement</strong> team, you will enable the engineering organization to iterate on Galaxy confidently with maximum velocity, and minimum disruption.&nbsp; You’ll own everything from continuous delivery to the tooling to provision and maintain developer environments.&nbsp;</p>
<p>On the <strong>Observability</strong> team, you will provide comprehensive tooling, and the underlying infrastructure primitives, for the introspection and administration of the Starburst Galaxy product. This requires modifying both Trino and Starburst Galaxy services to maximize introspection while owning infrastructure that ensures that relevant data is surfaced in an accessible way to both internal and external customers.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>As a Senior Software Engineer you will:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Develop and optimize the reliability, scalability, and efficiency of Starburst Galaxy service</li>
<li>Design and build the core operational infrastructure of the Starburst Galaxy service following the immutable cloud infrastructure paradigm</li>
<li>Continuously improve our engineering processes, tests, and systems that allow us to scale the code base and productivity of the team</li>
<li>Provide considerate and timely review of your peers' pull requests and design proposals&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Some of the things we look for :</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Passion for software engineering, an interest in Infrastructure Engineering in particular</li>
<li>Cloud infrastructure architecture and orchestration experience</li>
<li>Experience developing software in Java and Typescript</li>
<li>Experience with infrastructure as code and related tooling such as Pulumi or Terraform</li>
<li>Prior experience in developing for or operating Trino is a huge plus</li>
<li>Demonstration of ownership, grit, and bias for action - core values at Starburst</li>
<li><strong>Ability to Travel</strong>: This role will require occasional in-person travel for purposes including but not limited to new hire onboarding, team and department offsites, customer engagements, and other company events. Actual travel expectations may vary by role and business needs.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Where could this role be based?</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>This role is based in our Warsaw office and follows a hybrid model, with an expectation of being onsite 1-2&nbsp; days per week.</li>
</ul><div class="content-pay-transparency"><div class="pay-input"><div class="description"><p>Starburst is dedicated to maintaining fair and equitable compensation practices. The salary range provided for this role reflects the minimum and maximum targets for candidates in the country in which the role is located and could be inclusive of variable compensation, such as commission or bonus. All full-time employees receive equity grants (NSOs), and depending on the country, may have access to additional employer-sponsored benefits. Actual compensation packages are determined based on relevant skills, experience, education and training, and specific work location. For more information, connect with the recruiting team or Hiring Manager during the interview process as they can provide more detailed information about the salary range.</p></div><div class="title">Pay Range</div><div class="pay-range"><span>368 000 zł</span><span class="divider">&mdash;</span><span>474 600 zł PLN</span></div></div></div><div class="content-conclusion"><h2><strong>Build your career at Starburst</strong></h2>
<p>All-Stars have the opportunity and freedom to realize their true potential. By building alongside top talent, we’re empowered to take ownership of our careers and drive meaningful change. Anchored in industry-proven technology and unprecedented success, All-Stars are taking on the challenge everyday to disrupt our industry – &nbsp;and the future.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Our global workforce is supported by a competitive Total Rewards program that reflects our commitment to a rewarding and supportive work environment. This includes a variety of benefits like competitive pay, attractive stock grants, flexible paid time off, and more.&nbsp;</p>
<p>We are committed to fostering an intentional, inclusive, and diverse culture that drives deep engagement, authentic belonging, and an exceptional All-Star experience. We believe that diversity of thought, perspective, background and experience will enable us to own what we do, drive our success and empower our All-Stars to show up authentically.</p>
<p>Starburst provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any type without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state<br>&nbsp;or local laws.</p></div>