<div class="content-intro"><p>We are a global team of innovators and pioneers dedicated to shaping the future of observability. At New Relic, we build an intelligent platform that empowers companies to thrive in an AI-first world by giving them unparalleled insight into their complex systems. As we continue to expand our global footprint, we're looking for passionate people to join our mission. If you're ready to help the world's best companies optimize their digital applications, we invite you to explore a career with us!</p></div><p style="line-height: 1.2;"><strong>Your opportunity</strong></p>
<p style="line-height: 1.2;"><strong><br></strong>We are looking for Senior Account Executive - Enterprise to join our extraordinary Sales team and help us drive the market amongst our growing customer base. Right now, companies across every size and vertical are focused on improving uptime &amp; performance to ensure a phenomenal customer experience, gaining greater scale and efficiency through projects like AI adoption, multi-cloud ecosystem, accelerating time to market through digital channels , and speed and agility by embracing DevOps practices. With the massive market opportunity in front of us, there isn’t a more exciting time to join New Relic. <br><br>Responsible for selling to all stakeholders within new accounts and crafting strategies to win new logos. Collaborate with all New Relic sales support resources (e.g., executives, demand generation, solution consulting) to support prospect interests. Understand how to position New Relic to beat the competition.</p>
<p style="line-height: 1.2;">&nbsp;</p>
<p style="line-height: 1.2;"><strong>W</strong><strong>hat you'll do<br></strong></p>
<p><strong>Expanding Top of Funnel</strong> – Complement centralized marketing campaigns with own prospecting, develop relationships and alignment at multiple levels – C level executive sponsors, influencers, and day-to-day users.&nbsp; Establish positive relationships that drive interest.<strong><br></strong><strong><br></strong><strong>Driving Account Acquisition</strong> – Own territory and cultivate relationships with all pertinent stakeholders within target accounts to maximize sales into new accounts with the objective of being part of the customers’ long-term business solution. Identify customer needs and then configuring an appropriate offering from our portfolio to meet those needs.</p>
<p><strong>Driving Sales Execution </strong>– Use New Relic’s sales process to close large-scale, multi-year subscription-based deals.&nbsp; Prepare accurate forecasts, building a pipeline to cover bookings target, documenting activities in Salesforce, and performing other tasks necessary to drive revenue and communicate activities to sales management.</p>
<p><strong>Selling with Customer Focus </strong>– Diagnose each account’s business plan and existing technology stack. Review public information for the company and its competitors to remain updated on potential demand triggers.</p>
<p><strong>Demonstrating New Relic Product Proficiency</strong> – Be proficient with a working knowledge across New Relic’s product lines and quantifying business value for customers.<br><em><br></em></p>
<p style="line-height: 1.2;"><strong>This role requires<br></strong></p>
<ul>
<li>7-10 years of relevant experience&nbsp;</li>
<li>Extensive experience in a quota-carrying sales experience as an account owner at a software/technology company with a focus on new business acquisition&nbsp;&nbsp;</li>
<li>Track record of tenacity and driving results with a sense of urgency</li>
<li>Track record of closing multi-year and subscription/consumption-based SaaS deals</li>
<li>Proven ability to cultivate relationships based on advising on quality or manufacturing insights, best practices and strategy</li>
<li>Excellent leadership and strong ability of working with and indirectly managing sales support colleagues</li>
<li>Viewed as an expert in domain by accounts</li>
<li>Bachelor’s degree or equivalent work experience</li>
</ul>
<p>#LI-PS2</p>
<p style="line-height: 1.2;">&nbsp;</p>
<p>Please note that visa sponsorship is not available for this position</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p>Fostering a diverse, welcoming and inclusive environment is important to us. We work hard to make everyone feel comfortable bringing their best, most authentic selves to work every day. We celebrate our talented Relics’ different backgrounds and abilities, and recognize the different paths they took to reach us – including nontraditional ones. Their experiences and perspectives inspire us to make our products and company the best they can be. We’re looking for people who feel connected to our mission and values, not just candidates who check off all the boxes.&nbsp;</p>
<p>If you require a reasonable accommodation to complete any part of the application or recruiting process, please reach out to <a href="mailto:resume@newrelic.com" target="\_blank">resume@newrelic.com</a>.</p>
<p>We believe in empowering all Relics to achieve professional and business success through a flexible workforce model. This model allows us to work in a variety of workplaces that best support our success, including fully office-based, fully remote, or hybrid.</p>
<p><strong>Our hiring process</strong><br><br>In compliance with applicable law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work and to complete employment eligibility verification. Note: Our stewardship of the data of thousands of customers means that a criminal background check is required to join New Relic.<br><br>We will consider qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records based on individual circumstances and in accordance with applicable law including, but not limited to, the&nbsp;<a href="https://sfgov.org/olse/sites/default/files/FCO%20poster2020.pdf" target="\_blank">San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance</a>.<br><br>Headhunters and recruitment agencies may not submit resumes/CVs through this website or directly to managers. New Relic does not accept unsolicited headhunter and agency resumes, and will not pay fees to any third-party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with New Relic.</p>
<p>New Relic develops and distributes encryption software and technology that complies with U.S. export controls and licensing requirements. Certain New Relic roles require candidates to pass an export compliance assessment as a condition of employment in any global location. If relevant, we will provide more information later in the application process.</p>
<p>Candidates are evaluated based on qualifications, regardless of race, religion, ethnicity, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender expression or identity, age, disability, neurodiversity, veteran or marital status, political viewpoint, or other legally protected characteristics.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Review our Applicant Privacy Notice at&nbsp;<a href="https://newrelic.com/termsandconditions/applicant-privacy-policy" target="\_blank">https://newrelic.com/termsandconditions/applicant-privacy-policy</a></p></div>