<p>We're seeking a driven and strategic Enterprise Account Executive who thrives on unlocking the full potential of established partnerships. You will deepen relationships with key decision-makers, understanding their evolving needs and crafting value-driven plans to further propel their success.</p>
<p>Join Asana's sales team and become a seasoned explorer and a strategic partner to clients. Your contribution will be instrumental in our company's growth, while you embark on your own journey of personal and professional development. If you're eager to make a significant impact and refine your sales expertise, we're excited to connect with you!</p>
<p>This role is based in our Dublin office with an office-centric hybrid schedule. The standard in-office days are Monday, Tuesday, and Thursday. Most Asanas have the option to work from home on Wednesdays. Working from home on Fridays depends on the type of work you do and the teams with which you partner. If you're interviewing for this role, your recruiter will share more about the in-office requirements.</p>
<p><strong>What you’ll achieve:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Masterfully navigate complex account landscapes and leverage data, optimizing existing solutions and identifying exciting new use cases</li>
<li>Anticipate roadblocks and objections with foresight, crafting win-win solutions that ensure all stakeholders see the value of your vision and Asana</li>
<li>Driving revenue and growing businesses, leveraging your negotiation skills and data-driven insights to secure win-win partnerships</li>
<li>Partner seamlessly with SDRs, Field Marketing, and Customer Success teams to deliver exceptional customer experiences, drive long-term success and business value</li>
<li>Serve as a trusted advisor with excellent relationship-building skills from C-level to end-users</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>About you:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>You have 4+ years selling directly into the Enterprise segment, 8+ years’ experience closing business&nbsp;</li>
<li>You have a proven ability to close deals with consistently high quota attainment, particularly within the Enterprise SaaS space</li>
<li>You uncover hidden potential within established enterprise accounts, driving exponential growth</li>
<li>You excel at cultivating trust and fostering long-term partnerships with diverse stakeholders with a bias toward action</li>
<li>Exceptional ability to uncover business needs and build a compelling case for change</li>
<li>Experience leading multi-threaded sales processes with thoughtful planning and internal coordination</li>
<li>Familiarity with value-based sales approaches and a passion for enabling meaningful outcomes</li>
<li>Demonstrates curiosity about AI tools and emerging technologies, with a willingness to learn and leverage them to enhance productivity, collaboration, or decision-making.</li>
</ul>
<p>At Asana, we're committed to building teams that include a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, and skills, as this is critical to helping us achieve our mission. If you're interested in this role and don't meet every listed requirement, we still encourage you to apply.</p>
<p><strong>What we’ll offer:</strong></p>
<p>Our comprehensive compensation package plays a big part in how we recognize you for the impact you have on our path to achieving our mission. We believe that compensation should be reflective of the value you create relative to the market value of your role. To ensure pay is fair and not impacted by biases, we're committed to looking at market value which is why we check ourselves and conduct a yearly pay equity audit.</p>
<p>For this role, the On-Target Earnings (OTE) range is €172,000 - €190,000. The total OTE includes a base salary range of €94,600 - €104,500 and performance-based sales incentive pay (based on the terms of the Sales Incentive Plan). These ranges are a guideline; actual base salary and OTE may vary based on various factors, including market and individual qualifications objectively assessed during the interview process, and the ranges for this role may be modified.&nbsp;</p>
<p>In addition, your compensation package may include additional components such as equity and benefits. If you're interviewing for this role, speak with your recruiter to learn more about the total compensation and benefits for this role.</p>
<p>The actual base salary will vary based on various factors, including market and individual qualifications objectively assessed during the interview process. The listed range above is a guideline, and the base salary range for this role may be modified.</p>
<p>We strive to provide equitable and competitive benefits packages that support our employees worldwide and include:</p>
<ul>
<li>Mental health, wellness &amp; fitness benefits</li>
<li>Career coaching &amp; support</li>
<li>Inclusive family building benefits</li>
<li>Long-term savings or retirement plans</li>
<li>In-office culinary options to cater to your dietary preferences&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p>These are just some of the benefits we offer, and benefits may vary based on role, country, and local regulations. If you're interviewing for this role, speak with your Talent Acquisition Partner to learn more about the total compensation and benefits for this role.</p>
<p>#LI-Hybrid</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>About us</strong></p>
<p data-pm-slice="1 1 []">Asana is a leading platform for human + AI collaboration. Millions of teams around the world rely on Asana to achieve their most important goals, faster. Asana has been named to Fortune's Best Workplaces for 7+ years and recognized by Fast Company, Forbes, and Gartner for excellence in workplace culture and innovation. We offer an exceptional office-centric culture while adopting the best elements of hybrid models to ensure that every one of our global team members can work together effortlessly. With 13+ offices all over the world, we are always looking for individuals who care about building technology that drives positive change in the world and a culture where everyone feels that they belong.</p>
<p data-pm-slice="1 1 []"><strong><a class="LinkThemeablePresentation LinkPrimaryPresentation LinkPrimaryPresentation--sentimentSelected PrimaryLink HighlightSol HighlightSol--core HighlightSol--buildingBlock" href="https://www.gem.com/form?formID=fbcdec8c-3442-43b9-9b45-d2b5f4ea25db" target="\_blank">Join Asana’s Talent Network</a></strong>&nbsp;to stay up to date on job opportunities and life at Asana.</p></div>