**About Agicap**

Created in Lyon in 2016 by three French entrepreneurs, Agicap is one of the fastest growing scale-ups in Europe, with over 8000 customers, 650 employees and fast revenue growth (7x between 2021 and 2024). Agicap is part of the French Tech 120, rewarding the most promising startups in France.

Agicap allows Finance teams of Mid-Market companies to efficiently manage and forecast their cash, pay their suppliers and get paid. By combining a Treasury Management System, and Accounts Payable and Accounts Receivable solutions into a single platform, Agicap aims at becoming the next leading Treasury Management platform for mid-market companies.

We have raised €145M since our creation, with prestigious VC funds including AVP, Greenoaks, Partech and BlackFin, with a last round in November 2024.

These additional resources further fuel our product innovation, allowing us to grow significantly and accelerate our international expansion across the world.

We believe our success comes from our highly passionate and dedicated teams, committed to building a company where people can grow and build their careers. We are constantly looking for great talents, aiming for excellence and ready to join our ambitious adventure!

Join our **Customer Success (CS) Team**, the cornerstone of Agicap's mission to support and delight our customers. Within this team, you will be part of the **Data intergration expert Team**, responsible for integrating client data into Agicap and ensuring seamless connectivity between their tools and our platform.

Specifically, you will work with the **Integration Engineering team**, a growing team based (and started) in our Hub in Lisbon. The AFT team focuses on integrating tools not yet connected via direct APIs using our in-house automation tool.

In the AFT Team in Lisbon you'll join a dynamic, multicultural team with representatives from all our European markets, aiming to unify as one cross-market team in the coming months. **It's a great time to join!**

Your responsibilities

**1. Data Integration**

• Act as the technical expert assisting new clients in defining the data they need to integrate and selecting the best methods.

• Guarantee the successful integration of client data, ensuring long-term satisfaction and loyalty.

• Lead meetings with CTOs and CFOs, follow up via email, and ensure everything is set up correctly.

**2. Contributing to Team and Process Development**

• Continuously improve team processes and tools.

• Create documentation to facilitate knowledge sharing and onboarding within the team.

• Serve as the client's internal advocate by communicating their needs to product teams, helping prioritize new features.

• Depending on your interests and skills, you can also take on **side projects** to develop new solutions or processes.

**To succeed, you'll need to:**

• Understand the technical and financial needs of B2B clients across various sectors.

• Master tools like **SQL, Python scripts, Excel, and SFTP** to ensure proper connectivity between client systems and Agicap.

• Propose tailored solutions that meet client needs while managing technical constraints, always maintaining a calm and reassuring demeanor.

• Communicate clearly with internal and external stakeholders through oral and written channels to enable rapid implementation.

*Training will be provided, but a strong eagerness to learn and foundational knowledge are essential.*

**Why this role?**

• Work with diverse stakeholders, including experts, CEOs, and cross-functional CS teams.

• Deepen your understanding of how clients operate and explore innovative ways to automate data transfers across systems.

• Be part of a startup environment in a company that has a lot of traction and is transitioning to bigger client.

• Enjoy numerous opportunities for development inside Agicap.

## What we’re looking for

- **Versatile and eager to learn:** You thrive on learning through experience.
- **Technical background:** Knowledge of any technical field will be beneficial.
- **Strong organizational and communication skills:** You can prioritize effectively and convey information clearly.
- **Results-oriented:** You focus on delivering outcomes that matter and try to be as efficient as possible.
- **Fluent in French and proficient in English:** You can speak perfectly French with our clients and English with your colleagues.

## What we offer :

- A key moment to join a fast-growing startup and contribute to the growth of our international hub.
- A beautiful office in the heart of Lisbon, right in one of Europe’s top rising tech hubs.
- Great opportunities to advance your career within a fast-growing international company.
- Daily challenges working with SME executives and CEOs.
- A highly entrepreneurial environment that is empowering, educational, and offers a lot of autonomy.
- A vibrant and passionate work atmosphere with a true team spirit to help Agicap grow internationally.
- A fun, energetic team where we celebrate with regular afterworks, team building events and global seminars with all Agicapians.
- Daily lunch allowance, health insurance, transportation reimbursement and state-of-the-art work equipment.

AGICAP is committed to providing equal opportunities for everyone, and we foster an inclusive work environment that values diversity!