<h4>Team Summary</h4>
<p>Our AI QA team provides end-to-end testing solutions of complex AI-driven features, hardware sensors supporting AI functionality, and large-scale cloud and embedded systems. We bring proven experience in both hardware and software product development, with a strong focus on motion detection technologies.</p>
<p>We specialize in manual testing across integration, E2E, and acceptance levels, ensuring comprehensive test coverage, continuous product state monitoring, and stable product releases.</p>
<p>The team contributes to the development of AI features and embedded systems.</p>
<h4><span style="font-weight: 400;">Job Summary</span></h4>
<p>We are looking for a QA Engineer with experience in software testing, preferably with exposure to embedded systems. In this role, you will be responsible for executing manual tests as well as executing our existing automation.</p>
<h4><span style="font-weight: 400;">Responsibilities and Duties</span></h4>
<ul>
<li>Conduct confirmation testing</li>
<li>Estimate own tasks under mentors'/teammates' supervision</li>
<li>Execute existing test cases</li>
<li>Report test results for assigned activities</li>
<li>Report bugs according to the template</li>
</ul>
<h4><span style="font-weight: 400;">Qualifications and Skills</span></h4>
<ul>
<li>6+ months of experience in manual testing</li>
<li>Strong knowledge of testing methodologies, test documentation practices, and test design techniques</li>
<li>Experience with bug tracking systems</li>
<li>Understanding UNIX/Linux, including CLI navigation and use of regular expressions</li>
<li>Understanding databases and SQL</li>
<li>Good written and spoken English</li>
<li>Ability to work from our office location in Kyiv</li>
</ul>
<h4><span style="font-weight: 400;">Nice to have</span></h4>
<ul>
<li>Understanding and hands-on experience with embedded systems testing</li>
<li>Understanding AWS services</li>
<li>Understanding CI tools (Jenkins)</li>
<li>Basic experience with Raspberry Pi</li>
<li>Basic knowledge in computer vision and machine learning</li>
<li>Experience in mobile testing</li>
</ul>
<h4><span style="font-weight: 400;">We offer multiple benefits that include</span></h4>
<ul>
<li>The environment of equal opportunities, transparent and value-based corporate culture and an individual approach to each team member.</li>
<li>Competitive compensation and perks. Annual performance review.</li>
<li>Opportunity to receive a Performance Bonus for your individual achievements and a Loyalty Bonus recognizing your dedication to the company.</li>
<li>Gig-contract.</li>
<li>21 paid vacation days per year, paid public holidays according to the Ukrainian legislation.</li>
<li>Development opportunities like corporate courses, knowledge hubs, and free English classes as well as educational leaves.</li>
<li>Medical insurance is provided from day one. Sick leaves and medical leaves are available.</li>
<li>Free meals, fruits, and snacks when working in the office.</li>
</ul>