<p><strong>About this opportunity:</strong><strong><br></strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 300;">At Freenome, we are seeking a Sales Operations Manager to help grow the Freenome Sales Operations team. The ideal candidate is a technical architect and tactical engine who ensures our Sales Tech Stack (Salesforce, HubSpot, etc.) is automated, integrated, and optimized for peak seller productivity. This person is responsible for all things related to the technical execution of the sales organization's strategic roadmap. You are passionate about driving sales efficiency, systems design, and data integrity, and you will have a significant impact on the continued growth of an organization dedicated to changing the entire landscape of cancer.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 300;">The role reports to the Director of Sales Operations &amp; Analytics. This role will be a Remote role based in the United States.<br></span></p>
<p><strong>What you’ll do:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Own the design and health of core sales dashboards to provide a "single source of truth.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Analyze performance trends to identify pipeline gaps, conversion bottlenecks, or performance anomalies.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Translate high-level sales requirements into technical briefs and functional system logic for CRM enhancements (e.g., automated territory management).</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Lead User Acceptance Testing (UAT) for all system updates to ensure alignment with the sales team's specific workflow.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Proactively identify and deploy AI features to automate manual tasks and improve lead prioritization for sales representatives.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Serve as the high-level "Help Desk" for the sales team regarding the tech stack (Salesforce, HubSpot, ZoomInfo, etc.).</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Take full ownership of daily data integrity, including managing complex deduplication logic and auditing records.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Design and build automated outreach sequences and multi-channel cadences for Sales Development Representative (SDR) support.</span><span style="font-weight: 300;"><br></span></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Must haves:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">At least 4 years of experience in Sales Operations, SDR Workflow, Revenue Operations, or a technical Sales Enablement role.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Expert-level functional knowledge of Salesforce and HubSpot.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Advanced ability to build dashboards and manipulate data (Excel/Google Sheets mastery).</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">High proficiency in prompt engineering and utilizing AI tools to drive sales efficiency.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Exceptional ability to explain complex technical requirements to IT and simplified, actionable workflows to sales representatives.</span><span style="font-weight: 300;"><br></span></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Nice to haves:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><span style="font-weight: 300;">Salesforce and HubSpot Admin certification.</span></li>
<li><span style="font-weight: 300;">Experience with BI tools like Tableau or Looker.</span></li>
<li><span style="font-weight: 300;">Experience at Biotech company.</span><span style="font-weight: 300;"><br></span></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Benefits and additional information:</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 300;">The US target range of our</span><span style="font-weight: 300;"> base salary</span><span style="font-weight: 300;"> for new hires is $131,325 - $183,750.</span><span style="font-weight: 300;">&nbsp;You will also be eligible to receive equity, cash bonuses, and a full range of medical, financial, and other benefits depending on the position offered.&nbsp; Please note that individual total compensation for this position will be determined at the Company’s sole discretion and may vary based on several factors, including but not limited to, location, skill level, years and depth of relevant experience, and education. We invite you to check out our career page @ <span style="font-weight: 300;"><em><a href="http://freenome.com/job-openings/" target="\_blank" data-saferedirecturl="https://www.google.com/url?q=http://freenome.com/job-openings/&amp;source=gmail&amp;ust=1708620295766000&amp;usg=AOvVaw0K-a4lTJ0RquYagpqS-yp4">freenome.com/job-openings/</a></em></span></span><span style="font-weight: 300;">&nbsp;for additional company information.&nbsp;&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 300;">Freenome is proud to be an equal-opportunity employer, and we value diversity. Freenome does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, marital status, age, national origin, ancestry, physical or mental disability, medical condition, pregnancy, genetic information, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, veteran status, or any other status protected under federal, state, or local </span><span style="font-weight: 300;">law.</span></p>
<p><em><span style="font-weight: 300;">Applicants have rights under Federal Employment Laws.&nbsp;&nbsp;</span></em></p>
<ul>
<li><a href="https://www.dol.gov/agencies/whd/posters/fmla" target="\_blank"><em><span style="font-weight: 300;">Family &amp; Medical Leave Act (FMLA)</span></em></a></li>
<li><a href="https://www.dol.gov/agencies/ofccp/posters" target="\_blank"><em><span style="font-weight: 300;">Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO)</span></em></a></li>
<li><a href="https://www.dol.gov/agencies/whd/posters/employee-polygraph-protection-act" target="\_blank"><em><span style="font-weight: 300;">Employee Polygraph Protection Act (EPPA)</span></em></a></li>
</ul>
<p><span style="color: #ecf0f1;"><em><span style="font-weight: 300;">#LI-REMOTE</span></em></span></p>