<h2>Who we are</h2>
<h3>About Stripe</h3>
<p>Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies - from the world’s largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups - use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyone's reach while doing the most important work of your career.</p>
<h3>About the team</h3>
<p>The Strategy &amp; Analytics Internal Systems and SDC team aspires to supercharge the Internal Systems and SDC organization with analytics and insights. The Internal Systems and SDC org creates the engineering infrastructure and runs the internal operations that enables Stripe to succeed. We deliver data-driven insights that inform business decisions, drive measurable operational improvements, and guide strategy. We are not just data analysts, we are a mix of strategic business partners, deeply strategic and/or technical operational executors. We ensure timely, reliable, high-quality data for not just Internal Systems and SDC, but for stakeholders across Stripe.</p>
<h2>What you’ll do</h2>
<p>In this role, you’ll be the go-to expert for your business area. You’ll partner directly with our Head of SDC and be his go-to for all things data, insights, and strategy. You’ll be hands-on and responsible for delivering critical insights, ensuring data driven decision making is at the core of what we do. You’ll partner with leadership to drive business strategy, planning, goal-setting and performance tracking. You may also scope and lead mission critical projects and execute on strategic initiatives.</p>
<h3>Responsibilities</h3>
<ul>
<li>Metrics &amp; Insights: Wrangle large, highly complex datasets using SQL into actionable insights and become the data expert for your business area. Develop metrics and large-scale dashboards to track the health of our user-facing and internal teams. Perform analyses (using SQL &amp; other analytical tools/languages), identify trends, conduct research, build models, all to deliver objective, critical insights that can inform leadership of opportunities, risks, and strategic priorities.</li>
<li>Communicate with executives: Create narratives and documents that tell the story of your business area to influence senior Operations leadership and Stripe executive team decision making. Own executive-facing weekly, monthly or quarterly reporting.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Stakeholder management: Influence and drive cross-functional change by partnering with stakeholders across a wide internal network of globally distributed teams, including Ops, Finance, Data Science, Product/Engineering, and more</li>
<li>Drive operational excellence: Design, optimize and drive operational reviews and rhythm of the business. Guide the planning and goal-setting process for your business area, as well as progress checks throughout the year. Bring and consistently apply a ROI lens to all operational decisions, so we can make better-informed trade-offs</li>
<li>Support planning: support with forecasting/planning processes for your business area, including near/medium/long-term planning, to enable leadership to make strategic decisions</li>
</ul>
<h2>Who you are</h2>
<p>We're looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.</p>
<h3>Minimum requirements</h3>
<ul>
<li>6+ years of prior experience in analytical and strategic roles in management consulting, Operations, Support, Risk&nbsp; or Financial Services</li>
<li>Outstanding analytical ability, expert in SQL and understanding of data relationships</li>
<li>Outstanding communication, presentation skills &amp; stakeholder management skills</li>
<li>Experience working in or with Financial Services, Accounting, GTM/Sales, Operations</li>
<li>Expertise working cross-functionally and with globally distributed teams to drive business and operational goals using data</li>
<li>Ability to connect the big picture to minute details, toggling between them to set and operationalize strategy</li>
</ul>
<h3>Preferred qualifications</h3>
<ul>
<li>Experience working in fast-paced environments (e.g. high-growth internet or software company, management consulting)</li>
<li>Structured problem solving skills, combined with strong business acumen.</li>
<li>Experience with Tableau</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>