<div class="content-intro"><p>At Braze, we have found our people. We’re a genuinely approachable, exceptionally kind, and intensely passionate crew.</p>
<p>We seek to ignite that passion by setting high standards, championing teamwork, and creating work-life harmony as we collectively navigate rapid growth on a global scale while striving for greater equity and opportunity – inside and outside our organization.</p>
<p>To flourish here, you must be prepared to set a high bar for yourself and those around you. There is always a way to contribute: Acting with autonomy, having accountability and being open to new perspectives are essential to our continued success.</p>
<p>Our deep curiosity to learn and our eagerness to share diverse passions with others gives us balance and injects a one-of-a-kind vibrancy into our culture.</p>
<p>If you are driven to solve exhilarating challenges and have a bias toward action in the face of change, you will be empowered to make a real impact here, with a sharp and passionate team at your back. If Braze sounds like a place where you can thrive, we can’t wait to meet you.</p></div><p><strong>WHAT YOU'LL DO</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Drive a full sales cycle from prospecting to closing within the SMB sector.</li>
<li>Collaborate with Marketing, Product, and Technical teams to foster brand-consumer connections.</li>
<li>Contribute to a diverse, growth-minded team with a commitment to empathetic communication and ownership.</li>
</ul>
<p>Core Objectives&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>Achieve quarterly net new revenue targets</li>
<li>Consistently generate robust pipeline in support of these targets</li>
<li>Develop commercial relationships in order to increase Braze utilization and value</li>
<li>Effectively communicate customer feedback to the Braze product team.</li>
<li>Cross-department collaboration, including but not limited to Success, Sales, RevOps, Product, Legal and Marketing</li>
<li>Develop excellent Product knowledge</li>
<li>Work with Success &amp; Onboarding managers and other technical partners to seamlessly transition clients from pre-sales, through onboarding and into ongoing Service usage</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>WHO YOU ARE</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>You ideally have at least 1 year of field sales experience selling SaaS solutions that involve technically integrated products.</li>
<li>You excel at generating and managing your own pipeline, thinking both strategically and creatively about how to drive desired outcomes through effective and persistent outreach.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Your customers describe your selling as consultative and human. You’re a natural story-teller and an attentive listener.</li>
<li>You demonstrate the mechanics of a value-first conversation including the steps necessary to get there: strong and ongoing discovery, a solid understanding of the business pain, what outcomes they are hoping to achieve and how Braze is best positioned to provide differentiated value.</li>
<li>You’re analytical and data-driven. Your approach is grounded in examples and defined by testing and iterating. You harbor a desire to understand and make sense of complex systems and concepts.</li>
<li>You know how to help buyers navigate sizeable SaaS investments, including how to mobilize distributed, global organizations and accelerate cycles. Among many stakeholders, you identify and influence key people.</li>
<li>Being a fast-growth company, things here change pretty fast. You’re comfortable learning new things (tech, process, people) and navigating high-change environments.</li>
<li>Bonus if you’ve sold to Growth/Marketing teams, or have a background in analytics, CRM, marketing automation, data storage/agility or content marketing solutions (but not required).</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><div class="p-rich\_text\_section">
<p><strong>WHAT WE OFFER<br></strong></p>
<p><em>Braze benefits vary by location, and we encourage you to review our specific benefits offerings for each country </em><a href="https://www.braze.com/company/careers/how-we-hire#benefit-section"><em>here</em></a><em>. More details on benefits plans will be provided if you receive an offer of employment.</em></p>
<p>From offering comprehensive benefits to fostering hybrid ways of working, we’ve got you covered so you can prioritize work-life harmony. Braze offers benefits such as:</p>
<ul>
<li>Competitive compensation that may include equity</li>
<li>Retirement and Employee Stock Purchase Plans</li>
<li>Flexible paid time off</li>
<li>Comprehensive benefit plans covering medical, dental, vision, life, and disability</li>
<li>Family services that include fertility benefits and equal paid parental leave</li>
<li>Professional development supported by formal career pathing, learning platforms, and a yearly learning stipend</li>
<li>A curated in-office employee experience, designed to foster community, team connections, and innovation</li>
<li>Opportunities to give back to your community, including an annual company-wide Volunteer Week and donation matching&nbsp;</li>
<li>Employee Resource Groups that provide supportive communities within Braze</li>
<li>Collaborative, transparent, and fun culture recognized as a Great Place to Work®</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>ABOUT BRAZE<br><br></strong>Braze is the leading customer engagement platform that empowers brands to Be Absolutely Engaging.™ Braze helps brands deliver great customer experiences that drive value both for consumers and for their businesses. Built on a foundation of composable intelligence, BrazeAI™ allows marketers to combine and activate AI agents, models, and features at every touchpoint throughout the Braze Customer Engagement Platform for smarter, faster, and more meaningful customer engagement. From cross-channel messaging and journey orchestration to Al-powered decisioning and optimization, Braze enables companies to turn action into interaction through autonomous, 1:1 personalized experiences.<br><br>The company has repeatedly been recognized as a Leader in marketing technology by industry analysts, and was voted a G2 “Best of Marketing and Digital Advertising Software Product” in 2025.<br><br>Braze was also named a 2025 Best Companies To Work For by U.S. News &amp; World Report, a 2025 America’s Greatest Companies by Newsweek, and a 2025 Fortune Best Workplace in Technology™ by Great Place To Work®, among other accolades. Braze is also proudly certified as a Great Place to Work® in the U.S., the UK, Australia, and Singapore.<br><br>The company is headquartered in New York with offices in Austin, Berlin, Bucharest, Chicago, Dubai, Jakarta, London, Paris, San Francisco, São Paulo, Singapore, Seoul, Sydney and Tokyo.</p>
<strong>BRAZE IS AN EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER</strong>
<p>At Braze, we strive to create equitable growth and opportunities inside and outside the organization.</p>
<p>Building meaningful connections is at the heart of everything we do, and that includes our recruiting practices. We're committed to offering all candidates a fair, accessible, and inclusive experience – regardless of age, color, disability, gender identity, marital status, maternity, national origin, pregnancy, race, religion, sex, sexual orientation, or status as a protected veteran. When applying and interviewing with Braze, we want you to feel comfortable showcasing what makes you <em>you</em>.</p>
<p>We know that sometimes different circumstances can lead talented people to hesitate to apply for a role unless they meet 100% of the criteria. If this sounds familiar, we encourage you to apply, as we’d love to meet you.</p>
<em>Please see our</em><a href="https://www.braze.com/company/legal/privacy-policy-job-candidates"><em> </em><em>Candidate Privacy Policy</em></a><em> for more information on how Braze processes your personal information during the recruitment process and, if applicable based on your location, how you can exercise any privacy rights.</em></div></div>