<p>Datadog is seeking a Senior People Business Partner (PBP) to work closely with business&nbsp; leadership and our People team to help support our growing cross-functional team in our Tokyo office. This position will work closely to support the needs of our go-to-market (GTM) team members in Japan while working strategically on all People programs and initiatives. Datadog has had exponential growth year-over-year and has no plans to stop - so there is a lot to learn from and contribute to our rapidly scaling team.</p>
<p><em>At Datadog, we place value in our office culture - the relationships and collaboration it builds and the creativity it brings to the table. We operate as a hybrid workplace to ensure our Datadogs can create a work-life harmony that best fits them.</em></p>
<p><strong>What You’ll Do:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Act as regional PBP for all employees in Japan across a variety of pre-sales, post-sales and related GTM support teams; represent our global PBP team to partner on the front line with all employees and leadership in Datadog’s Tokyo office</li>
<li>Advise, coach, and influence management on all things people-related, including: performance management, coaching, career pathing, employee relations, compensation, organizational development &amp; scaling, training, culture, inclusion, employee engagement</li>
<li>Maintain close partnership with departmental PBPs to collaborate on critical needs and change management&nbsp;</li>
<li>Consult with the appropriate People Center of Excellence (COE) team to gather their expertise to provide input on program design to enhance the employee experience</li>
<li>Build, advise and consult on People policies, guidelines, and programs with employee base, in collaboration with COE colleagues</li>
<li>Provide analysis and consulting to leadership to drive data-driven people decisions and implementation of best practices</li>
<li>Assess employee development needs, make recommendations, and implement appropriate solutions aligned with the organization’s broader strategy</li>
<li>Handle complex global employee relations issues, working with leadership to implement best practices and approach</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Who You Are:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Experienced in 8+ years as an HRBP or in a related HR role, preferably with experience in fast-growing technology companies</li>
<li>Able to adapt your approach and pivot your skillset from strategic, high level program implementation to granular day-to-day needs of a fast paced business</li>
<li>Strong in your analytical &amp; reporting skills; solid experience with HRIS (Workday is a bonus!)</li>
<li>Experienced in working across business functions with first line and senior leadership</li>
<li>A master in your project management and organizational skills, with a proven ability to design clear processes, and a detail-oriented yet flexible approach to problem solving</li>
<li>Experienced in employee relations and knowledge of global employment practices</li>
<li>Clear, direct, approachable, and friendly communication style and strong customer service orientation</li>
<li>Strong interpersonal and communication skills and able to build relationships and trust at all levels of the organization</li>
</ul>
<p><em>Datadog values people from all walks of life. We understand not everyone will meet all the above qualifications on day one. That's okay. If you’re passionate about technology and want to grow your skills, we encourage you to apply.</em></p>
<p><strong>Benefits and Growth:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Generous and competitive benefits package</li>
<li>New hire stock equity (RSUs) and employee stock purchase plan (ESPP)</li>
<li>Continuous career development opportunities&nbsp;</li>
<li>Product training to develop understanding of our product and space</li>
<li>Best in breed onboarding</li>
<li>Internal mentor and buddy program cross-departmentally</li>
<li>Friendly and inclusive workplace culture</li>
</ul>
<p><em>Benefits and Growth listed above may vary based on the country of your employment and the nature of your employment with Datadog.</em></p>
<p style="color: white;">#LI-Hybrid</p><div class="content-conclusion"><hr>
<p><strong>About Datadog:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>Datadog (NASDAQ: DDOG) is a global SaaS business, delivering a rare combination of growth and profitability. We are on a mission to break down silos and solve complexity in the cloud age by enabling digital transformation, cloud migration, and infrastructure monitoring of our customers’ entire technology stacks. Built by engineers, for engineers, Datadog is used by organizations of all sizes across a wide range of industries. Together, we champion professional development, diversity of thought, innovation, and work excellence to empower continuous growth. Join the pack and become part of a collaborative, pragmatic, and thoughtful people-first community where we solve tough problems, take smart risks, and celebrate one another. Learn more about #DatadogLife on <a href="https://www.instagram.com/datadoghq/?hl=en" target="\_blank">Instagram</a>, <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/company/datadog" target="\_blank">LinkedIn,</a> and <a href="https://learn.datadoghq.com/" target="\_blank">Datadog Learning Center. </a></p>
<hr>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="215"><strong data-renderer-mark="true">Equal Opportunity at Datadog:</strong></p>
<p>Datadog is proud to offer <a href="https://www.eeoc.gov/sites/default/files/2023-06/22-088\_EEOC\_KnowYourRights6.12ScreenRdr.pdf" target="\_blank">equal employment opportunity</a> to everyone regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity, veteran status, and other characteristics protected by law. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. Here are our <a href="https://www.datadoghq.com/legal/candidate-legal-notices/" target="\_blank">Candidate Legal Notices</a> for your reference.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Datadog endeavors to make our Careers Page accessible to all users. If you would like to contact us regarding the accessibility of our website or need assistance completing the application process, please complete <a href="https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSeoJeduEZ2NdZF\_65uZmWUrCM-zee7yADXX1s6Xr9zAGq8iKA/viewform" target="\_blank">this form</a>. This form is for accommodation requests only and cannot be used to inquire about the status of applications.&nbsp;</p>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="662"><strong data-renderer-mark="true">Privacy and AI Guidelines:</strong></p>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="662">Any information you submit to Datadog as part of your application will be processed in accordance with Datadog’s&nbsp;<a class="c-link" href="https://www.datadoghq.com/legal/applicant-candidate-privacy/" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://www.datadoghq.com/legal/applicant-candidate-privacy/" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">Applicant and Candidate Privacy Notice</a>. For information on our AI policy, please visit <a href="https://www.datadoghq.com/legal/interviewing-at-datadog-ai-guidelines/" target="\_blank">Interviewing at Datadog AI Guidelines</a>.</p></div>