<div class="content-intro"><h2><span data-sheets-root="1">About Wolt</span></h2>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">At Wolt, we create technology that brings joy, simplicity and earnings to the neighborhoods of the world. In 2014 we started with delivery of restaurant food. Now we’re building the delivery of (almost) everything and you’ll find us in over 500 cities in 30 countries around the world. In 2022 we joined forces with DoorDash and together we keep on dreaming big and expanding across the globe.<br><br>Working at Wolt isn’t always easy, but it’s definitely exciting. Here you’ll learn more, build more, and ship more than in most other companies. You’ll be challenged a lot, but also have a lot of fun on the way. So, if you’re a self-starter with drive and entrepreneurial spirit, this could be the ride of your life.</span></p></div><p><em>Are you a team player with great communication skills? Do you enjoy working in a dynamic environment? If your answer is yes - then read further! 🤩&nbsp;</em><br><br>We are looking for full-time (40h/week) Support Associates to join our Support team in Baku!<br><br><strong>What you'll be doing:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Supporting our customers, courier partners and venues via live chat and phone&nbsp;</li>
<li>Ensuring that the delivery operations run smoothly</li>
<li>Developing our support function together with the support team as well as other teams within Wolt</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Our humble expectations</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>You have great communication skills with a personal touch, and a customer-obsessed and team-oriented mindset</li>
<li>You are a fast learner, you have no problem with multitasking, and you are ready to work in a fast-paced environment</li>
<li>This is a shift-based role, which means you’re going to work on morning, day, evening and even night shifts as our Customer Support operates 24/7 (some examples of the full-time shifts: morning - 06:00-15:00; 08:00-17:00, day - 12:00-21:00, evening - 18:00-03:00, night: - 21:00-06:00).</li>
<li>You are fluent in Azerbaijan &amp; Russian, and able to work in English.</li>
<li>You are able to work directly from the office.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>What you’ll get by joining us</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Medical insurance</li>
<li>30 days of vacation - per year.</li>
<li>Indexed vacation/annual leave payment</li>
<li>Wolt credits cashback benefit</li>
<li>Employee assistance program</li>
<li>Wolt-wide training programs</li>
<li>Yearly team budgets</li>
<li>Fruits and drinks at the office</li>
</ul>
<p>The position is full-time with 40h/week.&nbsp;We have a few steps in the hiring process for this position. First, we will take a look at your motivation and skills based on your resume and the responses you leave to our questions below when submitting the application. Please take a moment to properly answer the questions - if you're successful in this step you'll then be invited to the interview with our hiring team.&nbsp;</p>
<p>We will be arranging a mandatory introduction training during the first two weeks of your starting. The training will set place at our office from 9.00 to 18.00 each work day.</p>
<p>If you are excited about working in a high-growth environment, taking ownership, and being part of an extremely ambitious team and look for <strong>a full-time position</strong>,&nbsp;then click below to apply and get the conversation going!</p><div class="content-conclusion"><h2><span data-sheets-root="1">Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion</span></h2>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">We’re committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. That’s why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.</span></p></div>