<p>
  <strong>Headquarters:</strong> Berlin,Remote Bavaria,Remote Berlin
</p>

<p>Carbmee empowers organizations worldwide to systematically measure, manage, and reduce their carbon footprint. Backed by a recent €20M Series A funding from top VCs, we are one of the fastest-growing companies in European tech with offices in Berlin and Munich - proud to be at the forefront of climate innovation. Our platform leverages AI with millions of transactional data points to help enterprise customers tackle their most complex emissions challenges - far beyond compliance.</p><p><strong>Your Role &amp; Mission -</strong> You will be a key player in defining, developing, and refining our product to meet customer needs and drive the growth of our carbmee EIS™ platform, with a focus on integrating and leveraging AI-powered features. You’ll work closely with leadership and cross-functional teams to execute the product roadmap, drive go-to-market strategies, and ensure successful product launches, particularly for our AI-enhanced solutions.<br><br><strong>Your Background -</strong> If you're passionate about leveraging cutting-edge technology to accelerate climate action, have a strong understanding of the B2B enterprise SaaS field and have a data-driven mindset, we want to hear from you!</p><ul><li><p>Drive the end-to-end product strategy with a clear focus on data and process mining, while gradually introducing AI-powered features to enhance automation and insight generation</p></li><li><p>Translate complex customer and business needs into a product roadmap that balances long-term vision with immediate value</p></li><li><p>Collaborate closely with Engineering, Product Design, and Customer Success to deliver features from concept to launch, ensuring technical feasibility and strong user experience</p></li><li><p>Use product analytics, customer feedback, and market research to guide prioritization and continuous product improvements</p></li><li><p>Maintain alignment across internal stakeholders by clearly communicating priorities, trade-offs, and progress towards business goals</p></li></ul><ul><li><p>Extensive experience working as a Product Manager in software companies, especially B2B SaaS platforms</p></li><li><p>Working knowledge of AI/ML applications - ideally experience integrating or launching AI-powered features</p></li><li><p>Solid understanding of enterprise workflows (e.g. ERP, procurement, operations) and the ability to identify and solve process inefficiencies</p></li><li><p>Proven track record of translating business and user needs into scalable product solutions, balancing technical feasibility and customer value</p></li><li><p>Comfortable working closely with engineering teams, discussing technical constraints, and driving end-to-end product delivery</p></li><li><p>Strong analytical mindset with the ability to make data-informed decisions and evaluate product success through clear metrics</p></li><li><p>Excellent communication and stakeholder management skills - able to align internal teams and clearly present product strategies to non-technical audiences</p></li><li><p>Experience designing for technical or data-savvy end users with a strong sense for UX</p></li><li><p>A background in Computer Science, Data Science, or a related technical field is a plus</p></li><li><p>Thrive in fast-moving environments - you're hands-on, curious, and excited to help shape a product from the ground up<br><br></p></li></ul><p><em>Don't feel like you meet all the criteria? We get it: confidence can sometimes hold us back from applying for a job. We'll let you in on a little secret: there's no such thing as a 'perfect' candidate. Carbmee is a place where everyone can grow. So however you identify and whatever background you bring with you, please apply if this is a role that would make you excited to come into work on a Monday morning.</em></p><ul><li>Unique &amp; Powerful Mission - Join a fast-growing and ambitious tech company that is shaping the future of carbon management and fighting climate change</li><li>Compensation &amp; Rewards - a steep learning curve and ownership from day one. We offer an attractive compensation package, including virtual stock options</li><li>Health &amp; Wellbeing - Urban Sports Club subscription to stay healthy &amp; fit. 1:1 coaching sessions with Nilohealth for your mental well-being</li><li>Flexibility &amp; Work-Life Balance - a flexible hybrid or fully remote working culture with a lovely accessible office in Berlin-Mitte or the center of Munich</li><li>Team Culture - Our transparency, Humility, and Accountability values create a unique and supportive working environment. Be part of a multinational, motivated team that thinks work should be fun!</li><li>Connection &amp; Networking - from engaging workshops to regular team events, we offer plenty of opportunities to build meaningful connections, foster cross-functional relationships, and enhance collaboration</li><li>Trust &amp; Transparency - monthly All-Hands Meetings, weekly update newsletters, and Founders Q&amp;As. We keep you informed on current company numbers and goals</li></ul>

<p><strong>To apply:</strong> <a href="https://weworkremotely.com/remote-jobs/carbmee-senior-product-manager-all-genders-climatetech">https://weworkremotely.com/remote-jobs/carbmee-senior-product-manager-all-genders-climatetech</a></p>