<div class="content-intro"><p><strong>Who we are&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>At Twilio, we’re shaping the future of communications, all from the comfort of our homes. We deliver innovative solutions to<a class="c-link" href="https://customers.twilio.com/" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://customers.twilio.com/" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">&nbsp;hundreds of thousands of businesses&nbsp;</a>and empower millions of developers worldwide to craft personalized customer experiences.</p>
<p>Our dedication to <a class="c-link" href="https://www.twilio.com/en-us/blog/open-work" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://www.twilio.com/en-us/blog/open-work" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">remote-first work</a>, and strong culture of connection and global inclusion means that no matter your location, you’re part of a vibrant team with diverse experiences making a global impact each day. As we continue to revolutionize how the world interacts, we’re acquiring new skills and experiences that make work feel truly rewarding. Your career at Twilio is in your hands.<br><br>We use Artificial Intelligence (AI) to help make our hiring process efficient. That said, every hiring decision is made by real Twilions!</p>
<p><span style="color: rgb(255, 255, 255);">.</span></p></div><p><strong>See yourself at Twilio</strong></p>
<p>Join the team as Twilio’s next Onboarding operations Specialist 1</p>
<p><strong>About the job</strong></p>
<p>Twilio is seeking an Operations Specialist to join the team that runs Twilio’s phone number operations globally. This role will work directly with customers to help them port their phone numbers into Twilio, procure Sender IDs, and have access to phone numbers they require for their applications. The Product Operations Specialist is the first tier on the Level 1 team. The Product Operations team is a key part of Twilio’s Super Network, whose mission is to provide the infrastructure that catalogs, orchestrates, and delivers the world's connectivity.</p>
<p><strong>Responsibilities</strong></p>
<p>In this role, you’ll:</p>
<ul>
<li>Provide support for common customer inquiries received by email to ensure customers have an excellent experience with Twilio.</li>
<li>Assess the nature of product or service issues and resolve basic-to-intermediate level problems.</li>
<li>Log customer interactions and tag/categorize issues accordingly.</li>
<li>Learn new processes across a variety of subject areas and ensure our operations are running smoothly.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Respond to and action incoming carrier partner notifications.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Quickly and confidently triage complex issues to the Level 2 team.</li>
<li>Effectively respond to advanced questions from customers (external and internal) in core area and intermediate questions across multiple areas.&nbsp;&nbsp;</li>
<li>Work independently to troubleshoot/determine resolution for issues across the entirety of your team's domain.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Wear the Customer Shoes: Provide support for common customer inquiries received by email to ensure customers have an excellent experience with Twilio.</li>
<li>Draw the Owl: Assess the nature of product or service issues and resolve basic-to-intermediate level problems.</li>
<li>Ruthlessly Prioritize: Log customer interactions and tag/categorize issues accordingly.</li>
<li>Be Bold: Learn new processes across a variety of subject areas and ensure our operations are running smoothly.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Be an Owner: Effectively respond to all basic and some advanced questions from customers (external and internal) in your core area and quickly and confidently triage complex issues via documented internal escalation paths.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Qualifications&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>Twilio values diverse experiences from all kinds of industries, and we encourage everyone who meets the required qualifications to apply. If your career is just starting or hasn't followed a traditional path, don't let that stop you from considering Twilio. We are always looking for people who will bring something new to the table!</p>
<p><strong>\*Required:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>You're thorough, organized, and detail-oriented, and you’re able to prioritize and execute multiple processes.</li>
<li>Experience Required: 1 - 3 Yrs\*( depending on candidature)</li>
<li>Strong technical background need not apply</li>
<li>Previous experience into Advanced Email writing, handling international escalations(voice, chat and email)</li>
<li>International stakeholder handling&nbsp;</li>
<li>Monitoring tasks and queues, ensuring SLAs aren’t breached for self and the team</li>
<li>Interaction with the technical team frequently to understand the core nature of the process and implement process improvements as in when demanded</li>
<li>Previous experience into doing root cause analysis&nbsp;</li>
<li>Ready to take up additional tasks depending on requirements</li>
<li>You’re empathetic and customer centric to the core.</li>
<li>You’re a clear verbal and written communicator.&nbsp;</li>
<li>You’re introspective and committed to continuous self-improvement.</li>
<li>You’re capable of learning quickly and mastering complicated systems.</li>
<li>You’re capable of working independently but also energized from working within a team and cross-functionally to achieve the company's goals.</li>
<li>You’re able to complete tasks in core areas within SLAs.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Desired:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Running SQL queries , having knowledge of Zendesk, JIRA would be an added advantage</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Location</strong></p>
<p><em>&nbsp;</em>This role will be based remotely in India (Karnataka, Tamil Nadu, Telangana, Maharashtra, Delhi).</p>
<p><strong>What We Offer</strong></p>
<p>Working at Twilio offers many benefits, including competitive pay, generous time off, ample parental and wellness leave, healthcare, a retirement savings program, and much more. Offerings vary by location.</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>Twilio thinks big. Do you?</strong></p>
<p>We like to solve problems, take initiative, pitch in when needed, and are always up for trying new things. That's why we seek out colleagues who embody our values — something we call <a href="https://www.twilio.com/company/values">Twilio Magic</a>. Additionally, we empower employees to build <a href="https://twilio.org/support-and-resources/impact-fund">positive change in their communities</a> by supporting their volunteering and donation efforts.</p>
<p>So, if you're ready to unleash your full potential, do your best work, and be the best version of yourself, apply now! If this role isn't what you're looking for, <a href="https://www.twilio.com/company/jobs#open-positions">please consider other open positions.</a></p>
<p><strong>Twilio is proud to be an equal opportunity employer.</strong> We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, reproductive health decisions, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, genetic information, political views or activity, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Qualified applicants with arrest or conviction records will be considered for employment in accordance with the Los Angeles County Fair Chance Ordinance for Employers and the California Fair Chance Act. Additionally, Twilio participates in the E-Verify program in certain locations, as required by law.</p></div>