**Funding**: We are backed by Y Combinator (early investors in Stripe, Airbnb, DoorDash, Coinbase etc), General Catalyst (prev. VH), Kunal Shah (founder, Cred), Cloud Capital and many more reputed angels.

At Weekday, we are building the next frontier in hiring. We have built the largest database of white collar talent in India and have built outreach tools on top of it to generate highest response rates.

We are profitable and growing substantially month on month.

We pair companies with a Program Manager who uses our technology and outreach tools to find the best talent, get them interested and handles their hiring pipeline end to end.

**What work will you do?**

**Your first 30 days**

* You will go through a training period during which you will work with a senior Account Manager in assisting them for handling hiring pipeline of their portfolio companies.
* You will source candidates using Weekday’s database product for those portfolio companies.
* You will do shadow weekly check-in calls with founders of those portfolio of client companies

**Next 60 days**

* You will be assigned your own portfolio companies for whom you will be solely responsible for hiring.
* You will lead check-in calls with client company founders/hiring managers
* You will be responsible for sourcing candidates
* You will do status check with interview stage candidates and help resolve any blockers for them
* In short, you will be solely responsible for revenue coming from your portfolio

**Benefits**

Why should you join us?

* Relatively small team size: Our full time team size is 35 people. You get to work with an experienced founding team and get one-to-one interaction on a daily basis.
* Very strong bias for action. We don't do any unnecessary meetings.
* You will get to see results of your efforts from day 1.
* You will work with clients directly

**Frequently Asked Questions**

**Will I be responsible for bringing on new clients?**

Answer: Not particularly You will be responsible for handling the experience of companies who have already been onboarded. With that being said, happy customers bring other customers; so in some sense you will be responsible for getting more referrals.

**How will my day look like?**

Answer: It will be distributed between doing check-in calls with client company founders/hiring managers; responding to their queries or taking updates to them on Slack/Email/Whatsapp; and finding great candidates for them.

**How core is this role to the company’s functioning?**

Answer: It is as core as it gets. You will be directly responsible for revenue of the company; hence you will be at the centre of all things we do. Every other function in the company (like Growth, Calling team, Sourcing team) will work to assist you in closing more hires.

**How is the work culture at Weekday?**

 Answer: We like to be very direct at what we do. We don’t have crazy parties or vanity events of the type. But we treat everyone with utmost respect and dignity; as everyone deserves. Highly meritocratic. If you are good at what you do, you don’t need to show it. It will speak for itself. Workplace politics is highly discouraged.