<p><strong>🧠 About Cortex<br></strong>Cortex is the Engineering Operations Platform that enables organizations to continuously improve their operational maturity and reduce developer friction. With centralized visibility, clear ownership, automated Scorecards, and golden paths, we help engineering organizations operate as one.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Our customers – from startups to Fortune 100 enterprises&nbsp; – create a culture of engineering excellence, reducing incidents by 30% and improving MTTR by 50%, all while making it easier for developers to focus on building.</p>
<p><strong>📍Location</strong><br>We’re <a href="https://www.cortex.io/post/building-cortex-as-a-remote-first-company">fully remote</a> and welcome candidates from across the US. We get together a few times a year for company offsites where we build stronger relationships, kick off important work, and genuinely enjoy spending time together.</p>
<p><strong>🤝 The Team</strong><br>Our team is ~80 people building something developers actually want to use. We recently raised a $60M Series C led by Scale Ventures (alongside Sequoia and IVP). We're focused on making engineering teams more effective. You can read more about our latest funding round <a href="https://www.cortex.io/post/announcing-series-c">here</a>.</p>
<p><strong>💼 Job Summary<br></strong>We are seeking a Principal Product Manager to join our team.You will define requirements for engineering development, and own and execute on product rollouts and communications. You will work closely with our engineering and design organization to support the prioritization of our product roadmap and help us scale our Internal Developer Portal.</p>
<p><strong>💻 Responsibilities</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Develop a deep understanding of our product (from features to functionality), team structure, and processes.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Own key product initiatives and align with leadership on strategic priorities</li>
<li>Conduct market research, competitive analysis, and gather customer feedback to influence future product decisions</li>
<li>Build relationships with and collaborate with cross-functional teams to prioritize and scope product features and enhancements</li>
<li>Consistently educate and update teams on product progress and revisions to take them along with you</li>
<li>Define and track key product metrics and use data-driven insights to drive product decisions and optimizations</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>✔️Qualifications</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>7+ years as a Product Manager, ideally in a startup environment or developer-focused company</li>
<li>Strong understanding of B2B Saas workflows and processes</li>
<li>Entrepreneurial mindset, self-start and comfortable with ambiguity</li>
<li>Ability to work independently with high levels of ownership and autonomy</li>
<li>Superb written and verbal communication, with the ability to effectively articulate and convey complex concepts to technical and non-technical stakeholders</li>
<li>Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills, with a data-driven approach to decision-making</li>
</ul>
<p>💰<strong> Compensation</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><em>Starting Salary Range: $230,000 and $250,000</em></li>
<li>Competitive Equity Package</li>
</ul>
<p>\*<em>Our job titles may span more than one career level. The actual base pay is dependent upon many factors, such as: training, transferable skills, work experience, business needs and market demands. The base pay range is subject to change and may be modified in the future. This role is eligible for equity and benefits.</em></p>
<p>🌴 <strong>Perks &amp; Benefits</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>National medical, dental &amp; vision insurance (we cover 100% for employees!)</li>
<li>Unlimited PTO &amp; flexible working hours</li>
<li>401k plan</li>
<li>Gender-neutral parental leave</li>
<li>$1000 yearly Learning &amp; Development stipend</li>
<li>$400 monthly perks stipend (use it on anything)</li>
<li>Pet Insurance</li>
</ul>
<p><em>Cortex is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Cortex is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please email </em><em>people@cortex.io</em></p>