<div class="content-intro"><p><strong>Who we are&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>At Twilio, we’re shaping the future of communications, all from the comfort of our homes. We deliver innovative solutions to<a class="c-link" href="https://customers.twilio.com/" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://customers.twilio.com/" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">&nbsp;hundreds of thousands of businesses&nbsp;</a>and empower millions of developers worldwide to craft personalized customer experiences.</p>
<p>Our dedication to <a class="c-link" href="https://www.twilio.com/en-us/blog/open-work" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://www.twilio.com/en-us/blog/open-work" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">remote-first work</a>, and strong culture of connection and global inclusion means that no matter your location, you’re part of a vibrant team with diverse experiences making a global impact each day. As we continue to revolutionize how the world interacts, we’re acquiring new skills and experiences that make work feel truly rewarding. Your career at Twilio is in your hands.<br><br>We use Artificial Intelligence (AI) to help make our hiring process efficient. That said, every hiring decision is made by real Twilions!</p>
<p><span style="color: rgb(255, 255, 255);">.</span></p></div><h1><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;"><strong>See yourself at Twilio</strong></span></h1>
<p><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;">Join the team as our next Software Engineer</span></p>
<p><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;"><strong>About the job:</strong></span></p>
<p>This position is needed to build and maintain reliable applications for Twilio’s supply insights and trust. The work involves developing back-end applications and front-end for internal tools.</p>
<p>As a Software Engineer in the team, you will be partnering with product managers, architects, engineering managers and other engineers to develop features for Messaging Supply products. You will be developing our messaging supply platform with emphasis on interfaces for Twilio’s suppliers to interact with Twilio, automation of manual tasks, and working on new features that support both internal and customer-facing applications.</p>
<p><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;"><strong>Responsibilities:</strong></span></p>
<p>In this role, you’ll:</p>
<ul>
<li>Design, develop, test and deploy features alongside a small, distributed collaborative team to build highly scalable and available services</li>
<li>Collaborate other cross-functional teams, product managers, designers, and engineers to build compelling user experiences for developers and end users</li>
<li>Ensure quality by writing unit, integration, and load tests, as well as conducting thorough code reviews.</li>
<li>Work independently to troubleshoot/determine resolution for issues in your team's domain</li>
<li>Build new features for both internal and customer-facing applications to ensure seamless integration and great customer experience</li>
</ul>
<p><strong><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;">Qualifications:</span></strong></p>
<p>Twilio values diverse experiences from all kinds of industries, and we encourage everyone who meets the required qualifications to apply. If your career is just starting or hasn't followed a traditional path, don't let that stop you from considering Twilio. We are always looking for people who will bring something new to the table!</p>
<p><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;"><strong>Required:</strong></span></p>
<ul>
<li>At least 2 years of experience with full-stack software engineering</li>
<li>Strong Computer Science fundamentals, not limited to data structures, algorithms, operating systems, and distributed systems</li>
<li>Knowledge of processes and engineering best practices in all phases of the software development lifecycle, such as testing and devops standards</li>
<li>Proficiency in at least one programming language, web stack and framework</li>
<li>Strong oral and written communication skills (in English): be prepared to frequently propose and discuss ideas and implementation details with your teammates, as well as involving other stakeholders in Twilio - we’re one single team, no one flies solo!</li>
</ul>
<p><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;"><strong>Desired:</strong></span></p>
<ul>
<li>Experience working with Java frameworks like Spring, Hibernate, Dropwizard.</li>
<li>Experience working with React or a different web development framework</li>
<li>Good understanding of DevOps CI/CD pipeline</li>
<li>Experience working with agile/scrum methodologies</li>
<li>Experience with containerization and orchestration tools (e.g., Docker, Kubernetes)</li>
<li>Experience documenting your solutions and proposals</li>
</ul>
<p><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;"><strong>Location&nbsp;</strong></span></p>
<p>This role will be remote from Estonia.</p>
<p><strong>Travel&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>We prioritize connection and opportunities to build relationships with our customers and each other. For this role, you may be required to travel occasionally to participate in project or team in-person meetings.</p>
<p><strong>What We Offer</strong></p>
<p>Working at Twilio offers many benefits, including competitive pay, generous time off, ample parental and wellness leave, healthcare, a retirement savings program, and much more. Offerings vary by location.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>Twilio thinks big. Do you?</strong></p>
<p>We like to solve problems, take initiative, pitch in when needed, and are always up for trying new things. That's why we seek out colleagues who embody our values — something we call <a href="https://www.twilio.com/company/values">Twilio Magic</a>. Additionally, we empower employees to build <a href="https://twilio.org/support-and-resources/impact-fund">positive change in their communities</a> by supporting their volunteering and donation efforts.</p>
<p>So, if you're ready to unleash your full potential, do your best work, and be the best version of yourself, apply now! If this role isn't what you're looking for, <a href="https://www.twilio.com/company/jobs#open-positions">please consider other open positions.</a></p>
<p><strong>Twilio is proud to be an equal opportunity employer.</strong> We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, reproductive health decisions, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, genetic information, political views or activity, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Qualified applicants with arrest or conviction records will be considered for employment in accordance with the Los Angeles County Fair Chance Ordinance for Employers and the California Fair Chance Act. Additionally, Twilio participates in the E-Verify program in certain locations, as required by law.</p></div>