<div class="content-intro"><p><strong>500M+ downloads. 80M+ monthly users. A decade of building – and we’re still accelerating.</strong></p>
<p>Flo is the world’s #1 health &amp; fitness app worldwide on a mission to build a better future for female health. Backed by a $200M investment led by General Atlantic, we became the first product of our kind to reach a $1B valuation in 2024 – and we’re not slowing down.</p>
<p>With 7M paid subscribers and the highest-rated experience in the App Store’s health category, we’ve spent 10 years earning trust at scale. Now, we’re building the next generation of digital health – AI-powered, privacy-first, clinically backed – to help our users know their body better.</p>
<p><strong>The job</strong></p></div><p style="line-height: 1.2;"><strong>What you'll be doing</strong></p>
<p style="line-height: 1;"><strong><span style="font-size: 12pt;">You'll be responsible for:</span></strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Lead and scale a team of 5+ engineers and organise work towards the product vision</li>
<li>Work closely with the development team and Product Manager to deliver business value in a timely manner while following and improving upon established quality metrics.</li>
<li>Orchestrate technical aspects of the product development</li>
<li>Implement the most suitable development processes (principles, rules) for the team</li>
<li>Coach the team to learn and apply engineering best practices in various areas starting from UI standards and CI/CD to API design and Secure SDLC</li>
<li>Continue to form and grow your team – hire and onboard new members, perform training activities, help team members to follow their path for professional growth&nbsp;</li>
<li>Solve or escalate issues within and outside the team</li>
<li>Ensure healthy collaboration with other teams, identify and manage technical and organisational dependencies</li>
<li>Support an environment of transparency by providing prompt feedback, both gently and honestly</li>
</ul>
<p style="line-height: 1.2;"><strong>Your Experience</strong></p>
<p style="line-height: 1;"><strong><span style="font-size: 12pt;">Must have:</span></strong></p>
<ul>
<li>6+ years of experience in one of the following programming languages: Scala, Java, Kotlin, Objective C/Swift.</li>
<li>Experience in designing and implementing robust distributed systems</li>
<li>4+ years of team management: establishing processes in a cross-functional team, building tech roadmaps, experience in change management</li>
<li>People management skills – providing one-on-ones, resolving conflicts, creating career development plans, mentoring and growing engineers</li>
<li>Extensive knowledge of engineering practices and Agile methodologies&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Nice to have:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Full-stack development experience</li>
<li>Hands-on experience with DevOps tools and practices</li>
<li>Outstanding communication skills</li>
<li>Experience building consumer or client-facing products</li>
<li>Understanding of A/B testing techniques</li>
</ul><div class="content-pay-transparency"><div class="pay-input"><div class="title">Salary Range - gross per month (ranges may vary based on skills and experience)</div><div class="pay-range"><span>€7.870</span><span class="divider">&mdash;</span><span>€9.170 EUR</span></div></div></div><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>How we work</strong></p>
<p>We’re a mission-led, product-driven team. We move fast, stay focused and take ownership – from brief to build to impact. Debate is encouraged. Decisions are shared. We care about craft, ship with purpose, and always raise the bar.</p>
<p>You’ll be working with people who take their work seriously, not themselves. It takes commitment, resilience, and the drive to keep going when things get tough. Because better health outcomes are worth it.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>What you'll get</strong></p>
<p>We support impact with meaningful reward. Here’s what that looks like:</p>
<ul>
<li>Competitive salary and annual reviews</li>
<li>Opportunity to participate in Flo’s performance incentive scheme</li>
<li>Paid holiday, sick leave, and female health leave</li>
<li>Enhanced parental leave and pay for maternity, paternity, same-sex and adoptive parents</li>
<li>Accelerated professional growth through world-changing work and learning support</li>
<li>In-person collaboration and work in a hybrid model, with 3 days per week spent in the office</li>
<li>5-week fully paid sabbatical at 5-year Floversary</li>
<li>Flo Premium for friends &amp; family, plus more health, pension and wellbeing perks</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Diversity, equity and inclusion</strong></p>
<p>Our strength is in our differences. At Flo, hiring is based on merit, skill and what you bring to the role – nothing else. We’re proud to be an equal opportunity employer, and we welcome applicants from all backgrounds, communities and identities. Read our <a href="https://flo.health/privacy-policy-for-job-applicants">privacy notice for job applicants</a>.</p></div>