<h2><strong>The role</strong></h2>
<p>Factor Europe is scaling rapidly, and as the complexity of our product offering grows, we are looking for a <strong>Team Lead, Product Operations</strong> to act as the “COO” of our Product organization.&nbsp;</p>
<p>This role requires a hands-on operator with outstanding data fluency and sharp commercial sense. The day-to-day is a blend of quantitative modelling, performance analysis, process optimization, and cross-functional project management. Reporting to the Head of Product / Co-MD, you will bridge our Culinary and Operations teams as you drive execution of our product expansion roadmap.&nbsp;</p>
<p>This role is a force multiplier for the Product team. Whether you are an analytical supply chain master who wants more exposure to product/customer, or a systems thinker who loves building and improving processes, this is a chance to supercharge one of Europe’s fastest-growing food-tech brands.</p>
<h2><strong>What you’ll do</strong></h2>
<h2><strong style="font-size: 14px;">Optimize our weekly menu</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Build the menu planning algorithm: Develop and refine the models that architect our weekly menu, optimizing for customer engagement within a set of constraints (customer feedback, seasonal trends, cost targets, production capacity, etc).</li>
<li>Analyze recipe performance: Lead the weekly “Menu Post-Mortem”, translating customer feedback into actionable, data-driven insights for the Culinary and Kitchen Operations teams.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Improve our Recipe Database: Identify gaps in our recipe database and set priorities for R&amp;D sprints; oversee our recipe graduation framework as we test new concepts.</li>
<li>Set commercial guardrails: Model the impact of menu changes on company profitability and proactively course correct.&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p><strong> Drive process excellence &amp; scalability</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Develop scalable processes: Develop and improve the end-to-end processes required to bring a recipe/menu from concept to launch, ensuring zero errors in handoffs between Culinary and Supply Chain.</li>
<li>Standardize, simplify, &amp; automate: Identify aspects of our product operations that are ripe for automation or offshoring - then make it happen!</li>
<li>Own &amp; improve the internal tool landscape: Own our internal Product tool stack (from building Google Sheets to managing internal tech and analytics platforms). You are the ultimate owner of product data quality.</li>
<li>Build the team: Build, lead, and mentor the Product Ops team as we scale our business.&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p><strong> Execute our product strategy</strong></p>
<ul>
<li style="text-align: justify;">Define the implementation plan: Take the “what” and “why” of our product roadmap, and figure out the “how” and “when”</li>
<li style="text-align: justify;">Manage cross-functionally: Ensure the broader team (R&amp;D, Supply Chain, Marketing, Digital Product, Tech) is aligned and moving in lockstep toward launch dates</li>
<li style="text-align: justify;">Accelerate learning: Institutionalize a culture of feedback by holding rigorous post-launch reviews for all major product initiatives.</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Who you are</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li><strong>A builder:</strong> You are comfortable with ambiguity. You don’t need a playbook to be effective; you are excited to write it.</li>
<li><strong>A systems thinker: </strong>You don’t just fix a problem; you fix the process that allowed the problem to happen.</li>
<li><strong>A versatile problem-solver:</strong> You love creating issue trees and driving to the root cause. You have a framework for every challenge.</li>
<li><strong>Data-obsessed: </strong>You are very strong in Excel/SQL and can create data visualizations that separate signal from noise.</li>
<li><strong>High agency:</strong> You don’t get stuck easily: you ask why, you find workarounds, and you hustle to keep the project on track.</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Requirements</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li><strong>Experience: </strong>6+ years in high-growth Strategy &amp; Operations, Management Consulting, Product Operations, or Supply Chain Management. Experience in FMCG, E-Comm, or Food-Tech is a plus.</li>
<li><strong>Scale Exposure:</strong> You have worked in a “0-to-1” or “1-to-10” environment; you have a track record of transitioning manual, spreadsheet-based processes into automated, scalable systems.</li>
<li><strong>Technical Toolkit: </strong>Advanced in Excel/Google Sheets and proficiency with SQL is required; experience with Tableau and Python is a significant advantage.</li>
<li><strong>Stakeholder Management:</strong> Proven ability to influence leaders across different departments and geographies.</li>
<li><strong>People Leadership:</strong> Readiness to build, coach, and manage a high-performing team in a fast-paced environment.</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>What we offer</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Freedom to initiate, execute and implement your own ideas</li>
<li>Lots of learning and development opportunities</li>
<li>24&nbsp; holidays based on 40 hours per week per year, pro rata</li>
<li>A hybrid work setup - with roughly 2 days in our Amsterdam office&nbsp;</li>
<li>Reimbursement of travel expenses to the office</li>
<li>Discount on your ClassPass subscription, and a discount for your gym membership via Bedrijfsfitness Nederland&nbsp;</li>
<li>Discount on your additional health insurance through Zilveren Kruis</li>
<li>A discount on your weekly, Factor, HelloFresh and/or Green Chef box in the Netherlands</li>
<li>Healthy lunches, fruit and snacks in the office&nbsp;</li>
<li>Competitive salary and pension scheme</li>
<li>Social activities with our culturally diverse team!</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Are you up for the challenge?</strong></h2>
<p style="text-align: justify;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Please submit your complete application below including your salary expectations and earliest starting date.</span></p>
<p style="text-align: justify;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">After submitting an application our team will review this and get back to you within 5 business days.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p style="text-align: justify;">&nbsp;</p>
<p style="text-align: justify;">&nbsp;</p>
<p style="text-align: justify;">&nbsp;</p>
<p style="text-align: justify;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">#</span>factor</p>
<p style="text-align: justify;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">#JD1008</span></p>