<div class="content-intro"><p class="sc-gEkIjz cjtSrT MuiTypography-root MuiTypography-body1 sc-hoLEA">Raisin is the world's leading platform for savings and investment products. Founded in 2012, the&nbsp;<strong>FinTech</strong> connects consumers with banks in the EU, the UK and the US. This gives consumers <strong>better interest rates</strong> and banks a <strong>diversified form of refinancing</strong>. Our vision is to offer savings and investments without barriers and thus open up the global 160 trillion euro market.</p>
<p class="sc-gEkIjz cjtSrT MuiTypography-root MuiTypography-body1 sc-hoLEA">Raisin currently employs more than 800 people from over 75 countries worldwide. Today, the platform holds over 80 billion euros in assets from&nbsp;<strong>more than one million investors</strong> which have accrued over 5 billion euros in returns.</p></div><p><span style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0);"><strong>Team</strong></span></p>
<p data-start="135" data-end="472">The Payments team at<strong> Raisin Bank</strong> ensures the secure, compliant, and efficient execution of all money movements across Europe. As part of a fully licensed bank, the team manages the end-to-end payment lifecycle, from customer transactions to partner settlements, supporting Raisin’s retail platform and B2B Banking-as-a-Service offerings.</p>
<p data-start="474" data-end="691">By combining experienced payments experts with ambitious professionals, the team drives operational excellence while working closely with Product and Engineering to automate and continuously improve payment processes.</p>
<p><span style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0);"><strong>Your Responsibilities</strong></span></p>
<ul>
<li>Lead and own payment-related projects independently, including discovery, implementation, and coordination with Product and Engineering teams.<br>Work hands on with core payment systems and schemes, including TARGET, SWIFT, SEPA, and SEPA Instant.</li>
<li>Develop test concepts and execute user acceptance testing (UAT) for payment-related changes and initiatives.</li>
<li>Monitor, investigate payment incidents, ensuring timely root-cause analysis and remediation.</li>
<li>Conduct technical and regulatory research and monitoring on e.g., SWIFT, Bundesbank, EPC and communicate relevant changes and impacts to internal stakeholders.</li>
<li>Represent the scope of Payment Operations in &nbsp;internal and external working groups, technical showcases, and annual industry tests (e.g., Bundesbank, SWIFT).</li>
<li>Act as a subject matter expert for special services (e.g., SWIFT or Bundesbank), including maintaining and owning Payments-related Confluence documentation.</li>
<li>Drive continuous process optimization and automation (e.g., reporting, ticket creation) to improve operational efficiency and scalability.</li>
</ul>
<p><span style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0);"><strong>Your Profile</strong></span></p>
<ul>
<li>Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in Business Administration, Engineering, Finance, Economics, or a related field.</li>
<li>5+ years of experience in payments, operations, business analysis, or project management, ideally within fintech, banking, or a fast-paced technology environment.</li>
<li>Deep understanding of European payment infrastructures and schemes</li>
<li>Strong hands-on experience with SQL and data analytics tools (e.g., Looker).</li>
<li>Proven track record in process optimization, project delivery, and stakeholder management.</li>
<li>Structured, solution-oriented approach to incident management and process improvement</li>
<li>Professional English speaking skills and at least B2 German speaking skills</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Join our mission, join our team – and grow with us!</strong></p>
<p>At Raisin, we care about each other and it is one of our top priorities to foster an open and caring environment in which everyone feels welcome and comfortable. Our culture is strongly driven by our ambitious team, which connects more than 75 different nationalities.</p>
<p>As part of our team, you will benefit from:</p>
<ul>
<li>Employee Development Budget of €2,000 and four full training days per year.</li>
<li>Flexible working hours, home office and 30 vacation days.</li>
<li>A company pension scheme (Betriebliche Altersvorsorge), which we support with 20%.</li>
<li>Enjoy more than 50+ different sports with Urban Sports Club: We subsidize your membership with more than €20 per month.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Do you miss being in the office? The Deutschland Ticket gets you there, which we subsidize with €25 per month.</li>
<li>Love cycling? With JobRad, lease the bike of your choice and enjoy tax savings, plus Raisin covers your monthly insurance costs.</li>
<li>Hungry all the time? Snacks, daily fresh fruit as well as drinks provided at the office.</li>
<li>You are moving from another country or city to join us? We may support your relocation.</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><p><a href="https://www.raisin.com/corporate/raisin-applicant-privacy-policy/"><em>Raisin Applicant Privacy Policy</em></a></p>
<p data-start="728" data-end="900">We value diversity and the unique experiences each individual brings. If you’re excited about this role but don’t meet every requirement, we still encourage you to apply.</p>
<p data-start="907" data-end="1013">We are an equal opportunity employer and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for everyone, regardless of race, colour, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, or gender identity.</p></div>