<div class="content-intro"><p>At Trustpilot, we're on an incredible journey. We're a profitable, high-growth FTSE-250 company with a big vision: to become the universal symbol of trust. We run the world's largest independent consumer review platform, and while we've come a long way, there's still so much exciting work to do. Come join us at the heart of trust!</p></div><p>We are seeking a Senior Salesforce Developer with expertise in building robust and scalable solutions to join Trustpilot’s Go-to-Market Technology department. This role will be pivotal in executing large strategic projects within our Salesforce platform, collaborating across our commercial, marketing, and customer service teams.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>The ideal candidate will have a strong background in modern Salesforce development, a proactive approach to operational excellence, and a deep understanding of code quality and process automation. You will work closely with the wider Salesforce team to ensure our solutions are performant, secure and aligned with technical standards.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong><u>What You’ll Be Doing:</u></strong></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>Design, develop and implement custom Salesforce solutions using Apex, Lightning Web Components (LWC) and other programmatic capabilities to meet the needs of the GTM Tech team.</li>
<li>Develop and maintain complex Salesforce Flows and automation, ensuring adherence to best practices and optimal performance.</li>
<li>Lead the technical delivery of project features, from solution design and cross-functional problem solving to final deployment.</li>
<li>Integrate Salesforce with internal and external systems using APIs and various integration patterns.</li>
<li>Participate in code reviews and ensure solutions align with the broader Salesforce ecosystem strategy and coding standards.</li>
<li>Implement Salesforce best practices, focusing on scalable code, data integrity, security and performance optimisation.</li>
<li>Support incident management and processes through custom development and technical troubleshooting.</li>
<li>Collaborate with stakeholders and business analysts to translate complex requirements into technical specifications and high-quality solutions.</li>
<li>Utilise and contribute to CI/CD processes and version control workflows to support a high velocity of work.</li>
<li>Develop and maintain comprehensive technical documentation for Salesforce customisations and integrations.</li>
<li>Provide guidance and technical coaching to Administrators and junior developers to support their skills development.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong><u>Who You Are:</u></strong></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Technical Skills</strong></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>Minimum of Platform Developer I certification - Platform Developer II or Architect-track certifications are highly valued.</li>
<li>5+ years of hands-on experience as a Salesforce Developer, demonstrating a proven track record of developing and deploying complex programmatic solutions.</li>
<li>Extensive experience with Salesforce Lightning Web Components (LWC) and Apex. Experience with Agentforce is a plus.</li>
<li>Demonstrated proficiency in SOQL/SOSL, platform events, and asynchronous processing.</li>
<li>Strong understanding of Salesforce APIs (REST, SOAP, Bulk) and integration patterns.</li>
<li>Deep understanding of Salesforce security models (profiles, permission sets, sharing rules) and their programmatic implications.</li>
<li>Proficiency in using developer tools like VS Code, Salesforce CLI, and Git for version control.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Collaboration &amp; Mindset</strong></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>Strong interpersonal skills, with the ability to conduct technical discussions and explain complex solutions to non-technical stakeholders.</li>
<li>A proactive and flexible mindset, ready to embrace new challenges in a dynamic development environment.</li>
<li>Strong analytical and problem-solving skills, with a focus on writing maintainable, scalable code.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>What’s in it for you</strong></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>A range of flexible working options to dedicate time to what matters to you</li>
<li>Competitive compensation package + bonus</li>
<li>25 days holiday per year, with an extra 5 days holiday allocated after your 1 year anniversary (prorated)&nbsp;</li>
<li>Two (paid) volunteering days a year to spend your time giving back to the causes that matter to you and your community</li>
<li>Rich learning and development opportunities are supported through the Trustpilot Academy and Blinkist</li>
<li>Comprehensive health package, pension, and full access to Headspace, a popular mindfulness app to promote positive mental health</li>
<li>Paid parental leave</li>
<li>Central office with&nbsp; a laid-back vibe and constant buzz of different languages being spoken everywhere you go It’s complete with a coffee bar, canteen, and table tennis and has a wide variety of refreshments available - you can opt-in for breakfast and lunch at an affordable price</li>
<li>Regular opportunities to connect and get to know your fellow Trusties, including company-wide celebrations and events, ERG activities, and team socials</li>
<li>Opportunity to join the Trustpilot Social Club for a small monthly fee and attend regular social and leisure activities like go-karting, cooking classes, and escape rooms&nbsp;</li>
<li>Employee discounts to restaurants and shops&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Still Not Sure?</strong></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>We want to be a part of creating a more diverse, equitable, and inclusive world of work for all. We’re excited to hear about your experiences along with how you will contribute to our working culture. Even if you don’t feel you meet all the requirements, we'd still really like to hear from you!</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>About us</strong></p>
<p>Trustpilot began in 2007 with a simple yet powerful idea that is more relevant today than ever — to be the universal symbol of trust, bringing consumers and businesses together through reviews. Trustpilot is open, independent, and impartial — we help consumers make the right choices and businesses to build trust, grow and improve.</p>
<p>Today, we have more than 300 million reviews and 64 million monthly active users on average across the globe, with 140 billion annual Trustbox impressions, and the numbers keep growing. We have more than 1,000 employees and we’re headquartered in Copenhagen, with operations in Amsterdam, Denver, Edinburgh, Hamburg, London, Melbourne, Milan and New York.&nbsp;</p>
<p>We’re driven by connection. It’s at the heart of what we do. Our culture keeps things fresh –– it’s built on the relationships we create. We talk, we laugh, we collaborate and we respect each other. We work across borders and cultures to be the universal symbol of trust in an ever-changing world. With vibrant office locations worldwide and over 50 nationalities, we’re proud to be an equal opportunity workplace with diverse perspectives and ideas.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Our purpose to help people and businesses help each other is a tall order, but we keep it real. We’re a great bunch of humans, doing awesome stuff, without fuss or pretense. A successful Trustpilot future is driven by you –– we give you the autonomy to shape a career you can be proud of. If you’re ready to grow, let’s go.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Join us at the heart of trust.</strong></p>
<p><em>Trustpilot is committed to creating an inclusive environment where people from all backgrounds can thrive and where different viewpoints and experiences are valued and respected. Trustpilot will consider all applications for employment without regard to race, ethnicity, national origin, religious beliefs, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, neurodiversity, disability, age, parental or veteran status. Together, we are the heart of trust.</em></p>
<p><em>Trustpilot is a global company and our data practices are designed to ensure that your personally identifiable information is appropriately protected. Please note that your personal information will be transferred, accessed, and stored globally as necessary for the uses and disclosures stated in our <a href="https://corporate.trustpilot.com/legal/for-everyone/data-privacy-notice-for-candidates/dec-2024">Privacy Policy.</a><br><br><em data-stringify-type="italic">If you have a disability and would like to discuss any adjustments you might need either in submitting your application, or to the recruitment process more generally, please let us know by contacting our Talent Acquisition Team (talent.acquisition@trustpilot.com)</em><em data-stringify-type="italic">&nbsp;quoting the role you wish to apply for.<br></em></em></p></div>