<h4>Team Summary</h4>
<p>Our Mechanical Engineering team is responsible for driving innovation from the initial concept through to high-volume production for our key stakeholders' products. We serve as the vital integration hub, bridging the gap between various hardware disciplines, including Radio Frequency, Electrical Engineering, and Optics. Our lab is fully equipped with state-of-the-art tools for rapid prototyping, comprehensive testing, and advanced hardware development, offering a dynamic environment for hands-on engineering.</p>
<h4>Job Summary</h4>
<p>As an Intern Mechanical Engineer at SQUAD, you will join our hardware development team and participate in the full design lifecycle, from initial concept to mass production. This role provides practical experience in real-world engineering challenges. You will work on designing plastic parts for injection molding, engineering sheet metal components, and developing mechanical layouts for high-density assemblies with specific IP-rating requirements.</p>
<p>This position requires a physical presence in our Kyiv office to work in the mechanical laboratory.</p>
<h4><strong>Responsibilities and Duties</strong></h4>
<ul>
<li>Assist in the design of plastic, milled, and sheet metal components</li>
<li>Build functional prototypes and develop custom testing rigs and stands</li>
<li>Actively participate in technical reviews and engage in continuous self-improvement under the mentorship of senior engineers.</li>
</ul>
<h4>Qualifications and Skills</h4>
<ul>
<li>Basic proficiency in SolidWorks (or a similar CAD package)</li>
<li>A strong 'maker' mindset with proven experience using hand and power tools for prototyping, whether through hobbyist projects or academic laboratory environments</li>
<li>A genuine passion for mechanical engineering and understanding how things work</li>
<li>At least an Intermediate level in both written and spoken English (B1).</li>
</ul>
<h4>Nice to have</h4>
<ul>
<li>Familiarity with other multiple CAD platforms (Fusion 360, Rhino, Creo, etc.).</li>
<li>Basic understanding of manufacturing processes (Injection Molding, 3D printing, CNC).</li>
</ul>
<h4>We offer multiple benefits that include</h4>
<ul>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">The environment of equal opportunities, transparent and value-based corporate culture, and an individual approach to each team member.</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">Competitive compensation and perks.</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">Gig-contract (6 months).</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">21 paid vacation days per year, paid public holidays according to the Ukrainian legislation.</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">Development opportunities like corporate courses, knowledge hubs, and free English classes.</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">Medical insurance is provided from day one. Sick leaves and medical leaves are available.</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">Remote working mode is available within Ukraine only.</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">Free meals, fruits, and snacks when working in the office.</li>
</ul>