<div class="content-intro"><p><strong><em>🚀 We’re on a mission to make money work for everyone.</em></strong></p>
<p>We’re waving goodbye to the complicated and confusing ways of traditional banking.</p>
<p>After starting as a prepaid card, our product offering has grown a lot in the last 10 years in the UK. As well as&nbsp;<a href="https://monzo.com/current-account/personal">personal</a> and <a href="https://monzo.com/business-banking">business</a> bank accounts, we offer <a href="https://monzo.com/current-account/joint-account">joint accounts</a>, <a href="https://monzo.com/current-account/16-17">accounts for 16-17 year olds</a>, a <a href="https://monzo.com/current-account/under-16s">free kids account</a> and <a href="https://monzo.com/flex">credit cards</a> in the UK, with more exciting things to come beyond. Our UK customers can also <a href="https://monzo.com/savings">save</a>, <a href="https://monzo.com/investments">invest </a>and&nbsp;<a href="https://monzo.com/pensions">combine their pensions</a> with us.&nbsp;</p>
<p>With our hot coral cards and get-paid-early feature, combined with financial education on social media and our award winning customer service, we have a long history of creating magical moments for our customers!</p>
<p>We’re not about selling products - we want to solve problems and change lives through Monzo ❤️</p>
<hr>
<p>&nbsp;</p></div><p><strong>📍Barcelona or London&nbsp; | 💰 Open to experience ➕ </strong><a href="https://monzo.com/careers/"><strong>&nbsp;</strong><strong>Benefits</strong></a><strong> |</strong><a href="https://monzo.com/blog/2022/10/04/product-management-at-monzo-the-interview-process"><strong> </strong><strong>Product at Monzo</strong></a><strong>&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>🔑You’ll play a key role by…</strong></p>
<p>Leading one or more cross-functional teams to define and deliver a strategy that helps customers make the most of Monzo. You’ll help build the platform, capabilities and app structure needed to optimise a customer’s in-app experience and engagement.</p>
<p>As a member of Monzo’s product team, you’ll be responsible for defining the strategy and setting a high bar for impact and execution, requiring complex stakeholder alignment and coordination across multiple cross-functional teams.&nbsp;</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>🤩 We’d love to hear from you if…</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Lead the charge: build a product vision and strategy for your area, ensuring alignment with Monzo’s goals and an exceptional customer experience.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Communicate effectively: you get people inspired by the product vision and you share the right context with the right people at the right time.</li>
<li>Collaborate seamlessly: partner with engineering, design, data, research, marketing and other teams across Monzo to create a strategy and deliver.</li>
<li>Deliver impact: define, deliver and measure the impact of the customer-focused personalisation and discovery experiences you create.<br><br></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>📝 You should apply if…</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>You are a seasoned product manager, and have shipped world-class products at a fast growing company.</li>
<li>You have launched a consumer product within an EU market</li>
<li>You're data-driven, and have a track record of collaborating with machine learning experts or data scientists to define key metrics, run experiments, and deliver business impact.</li>
<li>You can systematically break down and solve complex problems.</li>
<li>You have good judgement, and have a track record of making good decisions in complex situations where there’s often no “right answer”.&nbsp;</li>
<li>You have the urge and resilience to challenge the status quo and make things better, and are full of creative ideas for how to do so.</li>
<li>You can work effectively with a diverse range of people and working styles - spanning engineering, design, data, user research, marketing, legal and compliance - to get stuff done.</li>
<li>You’re a great storyteller, who is able to motivate, energise and inspire people towards a common goal.</li>
<li>You’re passionate about building value for customers and not just achieving business results, and are excited about our mission at Monzo.</li>
<li>You’re intellectually honest about your work's performance, continually striving for improvement.&nbsp;</li>
<li>You’re a fast learner, humble and curious, and enjoy learning every day and sharing your knowledge and experience.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>🙌What’s in it for you</strong></p>
<p>💰Base salary range for this role is dependent on experience + benefits&nbsp;</p>
<p>📍Barcelona, Spain or London (UK)</p>
<p>⏰ We offer flexible working hours and trust you to work enough hours to do your job well, at times that suit you and your team.</p>
<p>📚Learning budget of £1,000 a year for books, training courses and conferences</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>🌈</strong><strong> The application journey has 4 key steps</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Recruiter Call&nbsp;</li>
<li>Initial Call with Hiring Manager&nbsp;</li>
<li>Final Loop, consisting of x3 interviews to assess Project Walkthrough, Case Study and Leadership.</li>
<li>Follow up with hiring manager</li>
</ul>
<p>Our average process takes around 5-6 weeks but we will always work around your availability.</p>
<p>We have some guidelines on using Artificial Intelligence (AI) to ace an application and interview at Monzo. <a href="https://monzo.com/blog/the-ultimate-guide-on-using-ai-to-ace-an-interview-at-monzo">You can read them here.</a></p>
<p>We’ll only close this role once we have enough applications for the next stage. Please submit your application as soon as possible to make sure you don’t miss out.&nbsp;</p>
<p>If you're successful in applying for this role, we'll work with you to find a start date. In some cases, there might be a delay in when you can be released from your current role so that we can make sure things continue to run smoothly. We’ll be sure to communicate this with you and keep you updated.</p>
<hr>
<p>#LI-RP1</p><div class="content-conclusion"><hr>
<p><strong>Equal opportunities for everyone</strong></p>
<p>Diversity and inclusion are a priority for us and we’re making sure we have lots of support for all of our people to grow at Monzo. At Monzo, we’re embracing diversity by fostering an inclusive environment for all people to do the best work of their lives with us. This is integral to our mission of making money work for everyone. You can read more in our <a href="https://monzo.com/blog/diversity-and-inclusion">blog</a>, 2024 <a href="https://monzo.com/blog/our-2024-diversity-and-inclusion-report" target="\_blank">Diversity and Inclusion Report</a> and 2024 <a href="https://monzo.com/blog/an-update-on-our-gender-pay-gap-2024">Gender Pay Gap Report.</a></p>
<p>We’re an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be considered for employment without attention to age, ethnicity, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, family or parental status, national origin, or veteran, neurodiversity or disability status.</p>
<p>If you have a preferred name, please use it to apply. We don't need full or birth names at application stage 😊</p></div>