<div class="content-intro"><p><strong><em>🚀 We’re on a mission to make money work for everyone.</em></strong></p>
<p>We’re waving goodbye to the complicated and confusing ways of traditional banking.</p>
<p>After starting as a prepaid card, our product offering has grown a lot in the last 10 years in the UK. As well as&nbsp;<a href="https://monzo.com/current-account/personal">personal</a> and <a href="https://monzo.com/business-banking">business</a> bank accounts, we offer <a href="https://monzo.com/current-account/joint-account">joint accounts</a>, <a href="https://monzo.com/current-account/16-17">accounts for 16-17 year olds</a>, a <a href="https://monzo.com/current-account/under-16s">free kids account</a> and <a href="https://monzo.com/flex">credit cards</a> in the UK, with more exciting things to come beyond. Our UK customers can also <a href="https://monzo.com/savings">save</a>, <a href="https://monzo.com/investments">invest </a>and&nbsp;<a href="https://monzo.com/pensions">combine their pensions</a> with us.&nbsp;</p>
<p>With our hot coral cards and get-paid-early feature, combined with financial education on social media and our award winning customer service, we have a long history of creating magical moments for our customers!</p>
<p>We’re not about selling products - we want to solve problems and change lives through Monzo ❤️</p>
<hr>
<p>&nbsp;</p></div><h4><strong>📍London | UK remote | 💰 £100,000 to £160,000 (dependent on level) +</strong><a href="https://monzo.com/careers/#benefits"><strong>&nbsp;Benefits</strong></a><strong>&nbsp;|</strong><a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U62l09nB0M4"><strong>&nbsp;</strong><strong>Hear from the team</strong></a></h4>
<p><strong>About us:</strong></p>
<p>At Monzo we want to make money work for everyone. We care deeply about our 15+ million customers. Our products are different by design: through magically simple products and actionable insights, we put our customers in control of their finance.</p>
<p>Our range of borrowing products serve the important needs of our customers and are critical to Monzo’s mission. We have seen stellar growth and deep engagement with millions of borrowers, supported by effective credit risk and machine learning expertise. Our product portfolios are still expanding fast, from personal to business credit, and to markets beyond the UK. We are looking for bright, passionate and creative individuals to further accelerate our growth.</p>
<p><strong>About the role:</strong></p>
<p>The mission of Borrowing Machine Learning Scientists is to improve the customer and business outcomes through better automated decisioning, using Machine Learning and statistical modelling. We have a primary focus in credit risk modelling, with our expertise also applied to predict and optimise utilisation, pricing, collection and marketing.</p>
<p>You will be taking a hands-on technical leadership role, managing a small team of Senior ML Scientists. With in-depth knowledge and experience in the credit industry, you’ll drive innovations by identifying new opportunities of data and ML applications, and delivering business values across multiple Borrowing products. You’ll have a close relationship with leaders across Credit Strategy, Products, Model Validation and Engineers, with whom you will drive and influence strategic decisions and product roadmaps. You’ll also have the opportunities to work with external data suppliers and industry peers, to push the innovation frontiers for the credit industry.</p>
<p>With excellent technical skills, you’ll also spearhead the continuous development of our toolings, methodologies, and processes, to empower the team to build better models easier and faster. You’ll serve as the champion for the quality and efficiency of model development, and ensure safe and scalable growth of our model portfolio. You’ll also have plenty opportunities to work with other modelling teams across Monzo, to collaborate on the best practices and latest technologies.</p>
<p><strong>Our technology stack</strong></p>
<p>We rely heavily on the following tools and technologies (although we do not expect applicants to have prior experience of all them):</p>
<ul>
<li><a href="https://cloud.google.com/">Google Cloud Platform</a> for all of our analytics usages
<ul>
<li><a href="https://cloud.google.com/bigquery/">BigQuery SQL</a> and <a href="https://www.getdbt.com/">dbt</a> for our data modelling and warehousing</li>
<li>PyData stack for model development and offline deployment</li>
<li>Google AI platform for cloud computing</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li><a href="http://aws.amazon.com/">AWS</a> for backend infrastructure
<ul>
<li>Python for ML model microservices</li>
<li>Go lang for most other microservices</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>AI toolings for productivity (an evolving list)
<ul>
<li>Google suites including access to Gemini</li>
<li>ChatGPT enterprise</li>
<li>Claude code</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>You should apply if:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>You are result oriented and motivated by the impact on our customers and business</li>
<li>You thrive in a fast-paced environment and comfortable with frequent context switching</li>
<li>You enjoy both the strategic thinking and influence, as well as hands-on solving technical problems</li>
<li>You want to build trust and influence a diverse range of leaders and stakeholders</li>
<li>You like inspiring people around you, with innovative thinking and high standard execution</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>You must have:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Excellent technical skills in Python, SQL, and statistics</li>
<li>Extensive knowledge of the credit industry, including the products, data, typical ML applications, and related regulations</li>
<li>Hands-on experience across the lifecycle of credit risk models, including project scoping, data curation, model optimisation, performance analysis, deployment, monitoring, and diagnosis</li>
<li>Successful track record of managing complex projects, with cross-functional teams and senior stakeholders</li>
<li>Experience of mentoring and coaching senior ICs</li>
<li>Previous experience of managing data and model governance in a regulated business</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>The Interview Process</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>30’ Recruiter Call</li>
<li>45’ Initial Call</li>
<li>60’ ML technical skill interview</li>
<li>60’ People Leadership interview</li>
<li>60’ Product ML interview</li>
<li>60’ Project deep dive</li>
</ul>
<p>All interviews will be conducted through Google Meet.</p>
<p><strong>What’s in it for you:</strong></p>
<p>💰 £100,000 to £160,000 ➕&nbsp; &amp; benefits</p>
<p>✈️ We can help you relocate to the UK</p>
<p>✅ We can sponsor visas</p>
<p>📍This role can be either based in our London office with hybrid working pattern, or fully remote within UK with occasional travel to London.</p>
<p>🏡We will set you up to work from home; all employees are given Macbooks and for fully remote workers we will provide extra support for your work-from-home setup.</p>
<p>⏰ We offer flexible working hours and trust you to work enough hours to do your job well, at times that suit you and your team.</p>
<p>📚 Learning budget of £1,000 a year for books, training courses and conferences</p>
<p>➕ And much more, see our full list of benefits <a href="https://monzo.com/careers/"><strong>here</strong></a></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p><div class="content-conclusion"><hr>
<p><strong>Equal opportunities for everyone</strong></p>
<p>Diversity and inclusion are a priority for us and we’re making sure we have lots of support for all of our people to grow at Monzo. At Monzo, we’re embracing diversity by fostering an inclusive environment for all people to do the best work of their lives with us. This is integral to our mission of making money work for everyone. You can read more in our <a href="https://monzo.com/blog/diversity-and-inclusion">blog</a>, 2024 <a href="https://monzo.com/blog/our-2024-diversity-and-inclusion-report" target="\_blank">Diversity and Inclusion Report</a> and 2024 <a href="https://monzo.com/blog/an-update-on-our-gender-pay-gap-2024">Gender Pay Gap Report.</a></p>
<p>We’re an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be considered for employment without attention to age, ethnicity, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, family or parental status, national origin, or veteran, neurodiversity or disability status.</p>
<p>If you have a preferred name, please use it to apply. We don't need full or birth names at application stage 😊</p></div>