<div class="content-intro"><p><strong data-stringify-type="bold">Why work at Nebius<br></strong>Nebius is leading a new era in cloud computing to serve the global AI economy. We create the tools and resources our customers need to solve real-world challenges and transform industries, without massive infrastructure costs or the need to build large in-house AI/ML teams. Our employees work at the cutting edge of AI cloud infrastructure alongside some of the most experienced and innovative leaders and engineers in the field.</p>
<p><strong>Where we work<br></strong>Headquartered in Amsterdam and listed on Nasdaq, Nebius has a global footprint with R&amp;D hubs across Europe, North America, and Israel. The team of over 1400 employees includes more than 400 highly skilled engineers with deep expertise across hardware and software engineering, as well as an in-house AI R&amp;D team.</p></div><div>
<h3><strong><span data-contrast="auto">T</span></strong><strong><span data-ccp-props="{}">he role</span></strong></h3>
<p>We are looking for a Recruiter to join our high-performing GTM Talent Acquisition team. This person will own hiring across key commercial functions (Sales, Marketing, Partnerships, etc.) and play a strategic role in building a world-class GTM team to drive our hyper-growth journey.</p>
<p><br>This role is ideal for a recruiter with a strong IT/tech background, deep understanding of the cloud and AI market, and a passion for business partnering and stakeholder influence. You’ll be expected to own and lead hiring for your assigned business area, act as a trusted advisor to senior stakeholders, and drive data-informed hiring strategies.</p>
<p>This role will be based remote in the US (East Coast)</p>
<p><strong><span data-contrast="auto"><span data-ccp-charstyle="Strong">Your responsibilities will include:</span></span></strong><span data-ccp-props="{&quot;134233117&quot;:true,&quot;134233118&quot;:true}">&nbsp;</span></p>
<ul>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">Own full-cycle recruitment for GTM roles. Must have experience hiring within<strong> Cloud Solution Architect teams.</strong></li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">Act as a strategic talent partner to business leaders, hiring managers (HMs), and GTM executives—advising on market trends, talent availability, and hiring strategies.</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">Build and manage robust talent pipelines for both immediate needs and long-term GTM scaling.</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">Translate business objectives into effective recruitment plans, aligning hiring to growth and revenue goals.</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">Use data, funnel analytics, and market insights to identify challenges, forecast risks, and influence hiring decisions.</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">Take ownership of search strategy, including outreach, engagement, interviewing, offer negotiation, and closing.</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">Facilitate high-quality candidate experiences with a DEI-first approach.</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">Contribute to continuous improvement of processes, tools, and employer branding initiatives across GTM functions.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong><span data-contrast="auto"><span data-ccp-charstyle="Strong">We expect you to have:</span></span></strong><span data-ccp-props="{&quot;134233117&quot;:true,&quot;134233118&quot;:true}">&nbsp;</span></p>
<ul>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">6+ years of recruiting experience, with at least 3 years focused on GTM roles within high-growth tech or IT companies.</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">Deep understanding of cloud infrastructure, AI, or enterprise tech markets—including knowledge of talent landscapes, competitive trends, and GTM structures.</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">Demonstrated experience partnering with senior business stakeholders and influencing hiring decisions through data and market insights.</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">Proven ability to own and scale a function or business unit, acting as the go-to talent expert for that area.</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">Strong stakeholder management skills—collaborative, consultative, and solutions-oriented.</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">Excellent communication skills—able to craft compelling narratives and present complex insights with clarity.</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">Experience with ATS tools (e.g., Greenhouse) and sourcing platforms</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">Passion for building and iterating in a fast-paced, ambiguous startup environment.</li>
</ul>
</div>
<div>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
</div><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>What we offer</strong>&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>Competitive salary and comprehensive benefits package.</li>
<li>Opportunities for professional growth within Nebius.</li>
<li>Flexible working arrangements.</li>
<li>A dynamic and collaborative work environment that values initiative and innovation.</li>
</ul>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">We’re growing and expanding our products every day. If you’re up to the challenge and are excited about AI and ML as much as we are, join us!</span></p></div>