<div class="content-intro"><p><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif; font-size: 12pt;">Airbnb was born in 2007 when two hosts welcomed three guests to their San Francisco home, and has since grown to over 5 million hosts who have welcomed over 2 billion guest arrivals in almost every country across the globe. Every day, hosts offer unique stays and experiences that make it possible for guests to connect with communities in a more authentic way.</span></p></div><p><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; color: #000000;"><strong>The Community You Will Join:</strong></span></p>
<p>Airbnb is seeking a Strategic Partnerships &amp; Business Development Lead for Central and Eastern Europe, reporting to the Country Manager, Central and Eastern Europe. This role requires office presence in Berlin, Germany.</p>
<p>In this role, you will lead the strategic business partnerships mandate in the territory and collaborate closely with the global Partnerships team as well as the Supply, Marketing, Communication, Product Marketing, Finance and Legal functions across the region, EMEA, and Headquarters in San Francisco.</p>
<p><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; color: #000000;"><strong>The Difference You will Make:</strong></span></p>
<p>The Business Development Lead at Airbnb leads business partnerships and business development activities in the territory.&nbsp;</p>
<p><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; color: #000000;"><strong>A Typical Day:&nbsp;</strong></span></p>
<ul>
<li>Identifies opportunities for establishing partnerships and business development activities that support our business goals.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Establishes and maintains partnerships at local level.</li>
<li>Sources input of needs from all business areas that could possibly be filled or amplified by partners to drive broader country and company goals</li>
<li>Ensures partnerships and business development activities are coordinated across all business areas.</li>
<li>Evaluates the financial and strategic benefits of potential partnerships.</li>
<li>Develop a clear understanding of the competitive landscape for our businesses.</li>
<li>Build and maintain relationships with potential partners and collaboration opportunities.</li>
<li>Manages and engages current partnerships in the market.</li>
</ul>
<p><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; color: #000000;"><strong>Your Expertise:</strong></span></p>
<ul>
<li>10-12 years of experience in strategic partnerships, business development or related field</li>
<li>Critical:</li>
<ul>
<li>Proven track record of structuring, negotiating and executing growth partnerships strategies with measurable commercial impact</li>
<li>Growth obsessed</li>
<li>Relationship building and negotiation capabilities with external executive stakeholders</li>
<li>Strong financial modeling and analytical skills (basic data science skills are a plus; ability to independently assess strategic and economic value of partnerships</li>
<li>Maintain engagement of current partner ecosystem</li>
<li>Superpower: able to develop growth strategies focused both on financial gain and product development.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Excellence in managing partnerships end-to-end, from strategy through execution.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Deep business acumen to conduct extensive market research and anticipate product and business needs</li>
<li>German native speaker, English fluent</li>
</ul>
<li>Ideal:</li>
<ul>
<li>Prior experience in Consulting, Marketing, Finance, or Strategic Partnerships roles.</li>
<li>Strong strategic and critical thinking skills - ability to connect dots and proactively develop proposals and solutions</li>
<li>Strong ability to build relationships and influence senior internal stakeholders across functions; experience operating effectively within a global matrix organization strongly preferred.</li>
<li>Strong project management and organization skills</li>
<li>Comfortable operating in a highly dynamic, cross-functional environment; able to navigate ambiguity and evolving priorities with persistence, sound judgment and a solutions-oriented mindset.</li>
<li>Exercises strong judgment and discretion when representing the Country Manager, advancing priorities with influence rather than authority.</li>
</ul>
</ul>
<p><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; color: #000000;"><strong>Our Commitment To Inclusion &amp; Belonging:</strong></span></p>
<p><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; color: #000000;">Airbnb is committed to working with the broadest talent pool possible. We believe diverse ideas foster innovation and engagement, and allow us to attract creatively-led people, and to develop the best products, services and solutions. All qualified individuals are encouraged to apply.</span></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; color: #000000;">#ind</span></p><div class="content-pay-transparency"><div class="pay-input"><div class="description"><p><span style="font-size: 16px;"><strong><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; color: rgb(0, 0, 0);">How We'll Take Care of You:</span></strong></span></p>
<p><span style="font-size: 16px;">Our job titles may span more than one career level. The actual base pay is dependent upon many factors, such as: training, transferable skills, work experience, business needs and market demands. The base pay range shown below is annualized, is subject to change and may be modified in the future. This role may also be eligible for bonus, equity, benefits, and Employee Travel Credits.</span></p></div><div class="title">Germany Annual Pay Range</div><div class="pay-range"><span>€114.000</span><span class="divider">&mdash;</span><span>€142.000 EUR</span></div></div></div>