<div class="content-intro"><p><strong><em>🚀 We’re on a mission to make money work for everyone.</em></strong></p>
<p>We’re waving goodbye to the complicated and confusing ways of traditional banking.</p>
<p>After starting as a prepaid card, our product offering has grown a lot in the last 10 years in the UK. As well as&nbsp;<a href="https://monzo.com/current-account/personal">personal</a> and <a href="https://monzo.com/business-banking">business</a> bank accounts, we offer <a href="https://monzo.com/current-account/joint-account">joint accounts</a>, <a href="https://monzo.com/current-account/16-17">accounts for 16-17 year olds</a>, a <a href="https://monzo.com/current-account/under-16s">free kids account</a> and <a href="https://monzo.com/flex">credit cards</a> in the UK, with more exciting things to come beyond. Our UK customers can also <a href="https://monzo.com/savings">save</a>, <a href="https://monzo.com/investments">invest </a>and&nbsp;<a href="https://monzo.com/pensions">combine their pensions</a> with us.&nbsp;</p>
<p>With our hot coral cards and get-paid-early feature, combined with financial education on social media and our award winning customer service, we have a long history of creating magical moments for our customers!</p>
<p>We’re not about selling products - we want to solve problems and change lives through Monzo ❤️</p>
<hr>
<p>&nbsp;</p></div><p>📍Dublin, Ireland| 💰 <strong>Competitive base salary, Incentive Awards tied to your performance ➕ benefits</strong> | <a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U62l09nB0M4">Hear from the team</a> ✨</p>
<p><strong>⭐Our People team</strong></p>
<p>We call it Monzo Magic: Mission. Action. Growth. Inclusion. Care.&nbsp;</p>
<p>It runs through everything that we do and within the People Collective it’s how we set Monzo up for success by bringing mission-led people together to do work and banking differently. We foster a culture that centres on our customers and brings together the best of tech with the best of banking; empowering a diverse, high-performing, innovative and agile workforce in doing the most impactful work of their careers.&nbsp;</p>
<p>As the Head of People for our newly launched European business, you’ll be a strategic partner to the EU CEO and leadership team. You’ll own and deliver the roadmap that provides a world-class people experience and also acts as a catalyst for our business goals. Your focus will be building a high-performance organisation that scales at pace, making sure our people’s capabilities are a primary driver of our success in Europe.</p>
<p>Reporting to the EU CEO, with a dotted line to the Group Chief People Officer, you’ll be a member of both leadership teams, driving forward the EU strategy and collaborating with the wider People Collective. You will be responsible for the breadth of the employee lifecycle in Europe and will be keen to think deeply about how an organisation, like Monzo, can scale and flourish and how our People roadmap can accelerate that.&nbsp;</p>
<p>The role you are applying for is a Controlled Function (CF-2) within the meaning of the Central Bank Reform Act, 2010. For this role, appointment will be conditional on Monzo being fully satisfied that the appointee meets the requirements as set out in the Fitness and Probity Standards 2018 issued by the Central Bank of Ireland. As a CF, the role holder will be subject to Conduct Standards under the Central Bank of Ireland Individual Accountability Framework and will be required to take reasonable steps to ensure that the relevant conduct standards are met.</p>
<p><strong>🔑You’ll play a key role by…</strong></p>
<p><strong>Strategic Partnership&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Working as a strategic partner to the EU CEO and the EU leadership team; owning and delivering against a people strategy that enables and drives forward our ambitious expansion plans</li>
<li>Serve as a dedicated coach and sparring partner to the EU Leadership Team, partnering with them to navigate the complexities of scaling a high-growth organisation across multiple markets</li>
<li>Lead proactive discussions on org design and workforce planning, ensuring we’re building a lean, high-performance structure that remains agile as we enter new markets</li>
<li>Partner to drive a high-impact leadership development strategy for the EU, focussing on building a ‘bench’ of future leaders. You’ll coach senior stakeholders to foster a culture of continuous learning and proactive succession planning</li>
<li>You will hold regulatory accountability.&nbsp; This role is a Controlled Function (CF) role under the Central Bank of Ireland’s Fitness &amp; Probity Regime and supports the CEO in discharging their regulatory and governance responsibilities relating to people management, culture, and remuneration within the EU entity</li>
<li>Accountability for MBEU Board and Executive Committee engagement for all People related topics, including preparing and presenting papers, collaborating on agenda creation where appropriate, ensuring the right topics are being discussed at the right time</li>
<li>Use people analytics to diagnose organisational health and identify opportunities to best prioritise goals and work. Identify and surface trends in data to drive change and influence strategy</li>
<li>Deliver the Monzo expansion roadmap and lead all aspects of people strategy as we enter new markets</li>
<li>Develop strategies to ensure we continuously attract, develop and retain our best talent</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Global Collaboration &amp; Integration</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Develop strong relationships with the wider People Team to create a robust and equitable approach to the people lifecycle in the EU. Making sure that the EU voice informs Group strategy, while localising global initiatives so they still feel Monzo, but work perfectly in-market</li>
<li>Partner with the Global People Leadership team to ensure a seamless, world-class employee experience that remains consistent with Monzo’s DNA, regardless of geography</li>
<li>Collaborate with the Global Leads for Talent, Hiring, People Experience, Reward and D&amp;I to implement frameworks that drive a consistent culture and experience across the continent</li>
<li>For the right candidate, with deep learning and development experience, there will be the opportunity to take on a global leadership role for Learning &amp; Development. This will involve working with the wider People leadership team to define, establish and lead a distinct L&amp;D function</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Leadership &amp; Scaling</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Provide leadership and guidance to the EU People team (currently a team of 5 spanning Hiring, People Partnering, People Ops, Space &amp; Community), enabling them to deliver the people outcomes that set Monzo up for success</li>
<li>Determine and oversee the EU talent strategy to meet our ambitious growth plans and making sure our employer brand and talent pipelines are a competitive advantage in the European market</li>
<li>Keep us compliant and make sure we have the correct policies in place that reflect our values in all countries as we continue expanding</li>
<li>Drive a high performance, high engagement culture in order to achieve the Monzo strategy through our people and empower and coach managers to level them up as leaders</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>🤩 We’d love to hear from you if…</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>You can demonstrate how people strategy drives business performance and expansion. You have a proven track record of aligning people goals with commercial business outcomes in a high-growth environment</li>
<li>You have experience building strong, trusting relationships with senior business leaders, have the gravitas to challenge thinking combined with the empathy to support and are able to flex comfortably between advisor and coach&nbsp;</li>
<li>You have deep expertise in L&amp;D, with Leadership Development as a key strength. You have experience identifying future-critical skills and implementing development frameworks that empower managers to lead high-performing, inclusive teams</li>
<li>You bring relevant, progressive experience in hiring, employee relations, people operations, employee experience, internal comms, reward, and/or people partnering</li>
<li>You look at the big picture and can see how a Group decision impacts the markets and vice-versa. You enjoy the complexity of working in a collaborative global environment and can navigate it with diplomacy and influence</li>
<li>You have experience of European expansion and understand best practice and policy in different European countries</li>
<li>You enjoy being in an earlier-stage business and are excited by the chance to make an impact on a fast-paced, progressive organisation. You know how to build ‘just enough’ process to enable speed without creating bureaucracy</li>
<li>You’re deeply passionate about Monzo’s mission and values. You know how to translate culture across borders, ensuring that as we grow in Europe, we keep the ‘magic’ that makes us Monzo</li>
<li>You have experience using organisational health data to inform decision making and measure success</li>
<li>You’re comfortable working from the Dublin office a few days a week, with regular travel to London and across the continent</li>
</ul>
<p>Not ticking every box? That’s totally okay! Studies show that women and people of colour might hesitate to apply unless they meet every single requirement. At Monzo, we’re dedicated to creating a diverse and welcoming team. If you’re passionate about this role and keen to learn and grow with us, we encourage you to apply— even if you don’t have everything that's listed just yet. Drop us your application, we’d love to hear from you!</p>
<p><strong>🙌What’s in it for you</strong></p>
<p>💰A competitive compensation package of a base salary and Incentive Awards tied to your performance&nbsp;<br><br>📍This role will have a hybrid working model, based in our Dublin office 2 - 3 days a week, however, you will be expected to travel to Monzo’s head offices in London and across Europe from time to time.</p>
<p>⏰We offer flexible working hours and trust you to work enough hours to do your job well, and at times that suit you and your team.&nbsp;</p>
<p>🏝 Annual Leave - 34 days including public holidays (24 holiday days + 10 public holidays)</p>
<p>📚€1,200 learning budget each year to use on books, training courses and conferences.</p>
<p>🏥Private healthcare scheme</p>
<p>💰Pension scheme: the minimum contribution is 4% and Monzo matches any additional contributions that you make up to a maximum of 6%</p>
<p>💛Wellbeing benefits: financial education, women’s and men’s health support, mental health benefits, including coaching and counselling</p>
<p><strong>🌈 The application journey has 3 key steps</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>An introductory screen call with a member of the hiring team</li>
<li>An initial call with a member of the people team</li>
<li>A series of role specific, behavioural and leadership principles interviews with the hiring manager and relevant stakeholders</li>
</ul>
<p>This process should take around 3-4 weeks after the introductory call - your schedule is really important to us, so we promise to be as flexible as possible!&nbsp;</p>
<p>We have some guidelines on using Artificial Intelligence (AI) to ace an application and interview at Monzo. <a href="https://monzo.com/blog/the-ultimate-guide-on-using-ai-to-ace-an-interview-at-monzo">You can read them here.</a></p>
<p>We’ll only close this role once we have enough applications for the next stage. Please submit your application as soon as possible to make sure you don’t miss out.&nbsp;</p>
<p>If you're successful in applying for this role, we'll work with you to find a start date. In some cases, there might be a delay in when you can be released from your current role so that we can make sure things continue to run smoothly. We’ll be sure to communicate this with you and keep you updated.</p>
<p>#LI- ÉS1</p><div class="content-conclusion"><hr>
<p><strong>Equal opportunities for everyone</strong></p>
<p>Diversity and inclusion are a priority for us and we’re making sure we have lots of support for all of our people to grow at Monzo. At Monzo, we’re embracing diversity by fostering an inclusive environment for all people to do the best work of their lives with us. This is integral to our mission of making money work for everyone. You can read more in our <a href="https://monzo.com/blog/diversity-and-inclusion">blog</a>, 2024 <a href="https://monzo.com/blog/our-2024-diversity-and-inclusion-report" target="\_blank">Diversity and Inclusion Report</a> and 2024 <a href="https://monzo.com/blog/an-update-on-our-gender-pay-gap-2024">Gender Pay Gap Report.</a></p>
<p>We’re an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be considered for employment without attention to age, ethnicity, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, family or parental status, national origin, or veteran, neurodiversity or disability status.</p>
<p>If you have a preferred name, please use it to apply. We don't need full or birth names at application stage 😊</p></div>