<p>
  <strong>Headquarters:</strong> Remote, Canada
</p>

<div class="job__description body"><div><p><span><strong>Who We Are</strong></span></p><br><p>Addepar is a global technology and data company that helps investment professionals provide the most informed, precise guidance for their clients. Hundreds of thousands of users have entrusted Addepar to empower smarter investment decisions and better advice over the last decade. With client presence in more than 50 countries, Addepar's platform aggregates portfolio, market and client data for over $8 trillion in assets. Addepar's open platform integrates with more than 100 software, data and services partners to deliver a complete solution for a wide range of firms and use cases. Addepar embraces a global flexible workforce model with offices in New York City, Salt Lake City, London, Edinburgh, Pune, Dubai, Geneva, and&nbsp;São Paulo.</p></div><div><h4><span><strong>The Role</strong></span></h4><br><p>We're looking for a seasoned Senior Product Designer with a proven background in finance, asset management, or wealth technology to join our Investment Analytics team. You'll be instrumental in shaping the future of investment analytics, bringing clarity, elegance, and deep user empathy to complex financial data visualization and workflows. We need a self-starter who can not only execute outstanding design but also act as a thought leader and strategic partner within the investment management space.</p><br><p>You’ll report to the Director of Product Design for Investment Analytics and Trading.</p><br><p><span><strong>What You’ll Do</strong></span></p><br><ul><br><li>Lead all design aspects of a project from start to finish, collaborating within cross-functional agile teams to deliver an elegant, delightful, and cohesive product experience for our users</li><br><li>Elevate Addepar’s product experience through outstanding displays of interaction design and data visualization</li><br><li>Lead through ambiguity and 0-1 thinking, charting a clear course to take new, complex ideas from initial concept to successful execution</li><br><li>Leverage user research and data to inform design concepts and influence product prioritization, strategies, and roadmaps</li><br><li>Contribute to the expansion, evolution, and adoption of the Addepar Product Language design system</li><br><li>Working with Investment Researchers, Product Managers, fellow Designers, UX Researchers, and Engineers to build best-in-class solutions that solve our customers' problems</li><br><li>Seek out and embrace feedback from your peers and collaborators. Provide thoughtful feedback, empower, and mentor other designers on the team to do their best work</li><br></ul><br><h4><span><strong>Who You Are</strong></span></h4><br><ul><br><li>You bring at least 7 years of experience in the field of Product Design, Interaction Design, or UX Design, preferably in a senior or lead capacity</li><br><li>You are a domain expert with direct, demonstrable experience in the Investment Management space (e.g., asset management, wealth management, institutional finance) or similar complex financial sectors</li><br><li>You have proven experience working on B2B SaaS or enterprise products, with a deep understanding of crafting sophisticated web products and user interfaces (UI) for enterprise users</li><br><li>Your portfolio showcases solid user-centered design practice and a high degree of design craftsmanship</li><br><li>You have a passion for distilling complex use cases and requirements into sophisticated, scalable, and optimized design solutions, particularly involving complex data</li><br><li>You possess excellent collaboration and communication skills, making you an effective partner across functions</li><br><li>You are a self-starter and a dedicated teammate who excels in fast-paced, agile environments.</li><br><li>You are meticulous, with a keen eye for consistency and a commitment to high-quality deliverables</li><br><li>You are an expert user of Figma, our primary design tool</li><br></ul></div><div><p><span><strong>Our Values&nbsp;</strong></span></p><br><ul><br><li><strong>Act Like an Owner - </strong><span>Think and operate with intention, purpose and care. Own outcomes.</span></li><br><li><strong>Build Together - </strong><span>Collaborate to unlock the best solutions. Deliver lasting value.&nbsp;</span></li><br><li><strong>Champion Our Clients - </strong><span>Exceed client expectations. Our clients’ success is our success.&nbsp;</span></li><br><li><strong>Drive Innovation - </strong><span>Be bold and unconstrained in problem solving. Transform the industry.&nbsp;</span></li><br><li><strong>Embrace Learning - </strong><span>Engage our community to broaden our perspective. Bring a growth mindset.&nbsp;</span></li><br></ul><br><p><span>In addition to our core values, Addepar is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We seek to bring together diverse ideas, experiences, skill sets, perspectives, backgrounds and identities to drive innovative solutions. We commit to promoting a welcoming environment where inclusion and belonging are held as a shared responsibility.</span></p><br><p><span>We will ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request accommodation.</span></p><br><p><span>PHISHING SCAM WARNING: Addepar is among several companies recently made aware of a phishing scam involving con artists posing as hiring managers recruiting via email, text and social media. The imposters are creating misleading email accounts, conducting remote “interviews,” and making fake job offers in order to collect personal and financial information from unsuspecting individuals. Please be aware that no job offers will be made from Addepar without a formal interview process. Additionally, Addepar will not ask you to purchase equipment or supplies as part of your onboarding process. If you have any questions, please reach out to <a href="mailto:tainfo@addepar.com">ta-operations@addepar.com</a>.</span></p></div></div>

<p><strong>To apply:</strong> <a href="https://weworkremotely.com/remote-jobs/addepar-sr-product-designer-ii">https://weworkremotely.com/remote-jobs/addepar-sr-product-designer-ii</a></p>