<div class="content-intro"><h2><span data-sheets-root="1">About Wolt</span></h2>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">At Wolt, we create technology that brings joy, simplicity and earnings to the neighborhoods of the world. In 2014 we started with delivery of restaurant food. Now we’re building the delivery of (almost) everything and you’ll find us in over 500 cities in 30 countries around the world. In 2022 we joined forces with DoorDash and together we keep on dreaming big and expanding across the globe.<br><br>Working at Wolt isn’t always easy, but it’s definitely exciting. Here you’ll learn more, build more, and ship more than in most other companies. You’ll be challenged a lot, but also have a lot of fun on the way. So, if you’re a self-starter with drive and entrepreneurial spirit, this could be the ride of your life.</span></p></div><p>We are looking for a Product Manager to join<strong> the Courier Group, Compliance Team. </strong>The Courier Group builds products that power the end-to-end courier experience and logistics at Wolt, from onboarding to earnings, engagement, task assignment, and compliance. The group spans multiple product teams working together to ensure that couriers can start, operate, and grow on Wolt safely, efficiently, and in compliance with local regulations.</p>
<p>The Compliance Team ensures that Wolt’s courier platform operates within the boundaries of diverse regulatory environments, while maintaining a simple and trusted experience for couriers, third-party service providers, and internal teams. This includes identity verification, document management, classification, privacy safeguards, and scalable compliance automation.</p>
<h3>What You’ll Do</h3>
<p>As the Product Manager for Compliance, you’ll work with a cross-functional team of exceptional engineers, designers, analysts, and product people in a high-impact, high-visibility role. You’ll define the vision and roadmap for courier compliance at Wolt, balancing business scalability, user trust, and regulatory integrity. You’ll connect with country teams to understand local regulatory requirements and cultural nuances, collaborate with legal and operations partners, and align with other product teams to make sure compliance flows are seamlessly embedded across the courier lifecycle.</p>
<p>Your work will include leading multiple projects and cross-team initiatives across the product lifecycle, from discovery to delivery. You’ll partner with Legal, Operations, and Policy teams to design compliance systems that are both locally adaptive and globally scalable. You’ll ensure that product experiences for different courier models remain clearly distinct and compliant, while driving automation and efficiency in ID verification, document management, and audit workflows. A key part of your role will be developing a deep understanding of couriers, regulators, and internal users, enabling you to build solutions that make compliance seamless and effortless for everyone involved.</p>
<h3>Our Humble Expectations</h3>
<p>You could come to this role from a variety of backgrounds, but ideally, you have:</p>
<ul>
<li>Demonstrated experience as Product Manager, preferably within B2C product domains</li>
<li>Excellent communication skills, with the ability to influence cross-functional stakeholders and simplify complex legal or technical topics.</li>
<li>A mix of analytical ability, technical understanding, and business judgment — with the go-getter mindset of a “start-up CEO.”</li>
<li>A strong track record of working with and coaching cross-functional teams, including engineers, data analysts, finance, legal, and ops.</li>
<li>Experience building globally scalable systems that adapt to local market variations.</li>
</ul>
<h3>Next Steps</h3>
<p>The position will be filled as soon as we find the right person, so make sure to apply as soon as you realize you really, really want to join us!</p>
<p>The compensation will be a negotiable combination of monthly pay and DoorDash RSUs. The latter makes it exceptionally easy to be excited about our company growing and doing well, as you’ll own a piece of the pie.</p>
<p><iframe src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/Ncz4s\_oBczc?si=FzuwoSOLcv5WZVRN" width="560" height="314"></iframe></p><div class="content-conclusion"><h2><span data-sheets-root="1">Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion</span></h2>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">We’re committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. That’s why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.</span></p></div>