<div><strong>About Groww:</strong></div>
<div>We are a passionate group of people focused on making financial services accessible to every Indian through a multi-product platform. Each day, we help millions of customers take charge of their financial journey. Customer obsession is in our DNA. Every product, every design, every algorithm down to the tiniest detail is executed keeping the customers’ needs and convenience in mind. Our people are our greatest strength. Everyone at Groww is driven by ownership, customer-centricity, integrity and the passion to constantly challenge the status quo.</div>
<div>&nbsp;</div>
<div>Are you as passionate about defying conventions and creating something extraordinary as we are? Let’s chat.</div>
<div>&nbsp;</div>
<div><strong>Our Vision</strong></div>
<div>Every individual deserves the knowledge, tools, and confidence to make informed financial decisions. At Groww, we are making sure every Indian feels empowered to do so through a cutting-edge multi-product platform offering a variety of financial services. Our long-term vision is to become the trusted financial partner for millions of Indians.</div>
<div>&nbsp;</div>
<div><strong>Our Values</strong></div>
<div>Our culture enables us to be what we are — India’s fastest-growing financial services company. It fosters an environment where collaboration, transparency, and open communication take center-stage and hierarchies fade away. There is space for every individual to be themselves and feel motivated to bring their best to the table, as well as craft a promising career for themselves.</div>
<div>The values that form our foundation are:</div>
<ul>
<li>Radical customer centricity</li>
<li>Ownership-driven culture</li>
<li>Keeping everything simple</li>
<li>Long-term thinking</li>
<li>Complete transparency</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Roles and responsibilities</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Creating and supervising content for a variety of online content properties</li>
<li>Spotting trends and stories related to trading and derivatives&nbsp;</li>
<li>Researching and coming up with topics on trading retrospectively</li>
<li>Reaching out to experts in the larger trading ecosystem and incorporating their views in his/her content</li>
<li>Understanding the audience on each of our platforms and delivering content that can garner high engagement</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Desired attributes</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>5 years of experience with ideally 2 years in a Finance content creator role&nbsp;</li>
<li>Possesses a very strong understanding of trading and how derivatives work. Should be an active trader for at least 2 years</li>
<li>Passionate about consuming and creating financial content that can help users make informed decisions</li>
<li>Ability and willingness to play an individual contributor role&nbsp;</li>
</ul>