<div><strong>About Groww:</strong></div>
<div>We are a passionate group of people focused on making financial services accessible to every Indian through a multi-product platform. Each day, we help millions of customers take charge of their financial journey. Customer obsession is in our DNA. Every product, every design, every algorithm down to the tiniest detail is executed keeping the customers’ needs and convenience in mind. Our people are our greatest strength. Everyone at Groww is driven by ownership, customer-centricity, integrity and the passion to constantly challenge the status quo.</div>
<div>&nbsp;</div>
<div>Are you as passionate about defying conventions and creating something extraordinary as we are? Let’s chat.</div>
<div>&nbsp;</div>
<div><strong>Our Vision</strong></div>
<div>Every individual deserves the knowledge, tools, and confidence to make informed financial decisions. At Groww, we are making sure every Indian feels empowered to do so through a cutting-edge multi-product platform offering a variety of financial services. Our long-term vision is to become the trusted financial partner for millions of Indians.</div>
<div>&nbsp;</div>
<div><strong>Our Values</strong></div>
<div>Our culture enables us to be what we are — India’s fastest-growing financial services company. It fosters an environment where collaboration, transparency, and open communication take center-stage and hierarchies fade away. There is space for every individual to be themselves and feel motivated to bring their best to the table, as well as craft a promising career for themselves.</div>
<div>The values that form our foundation are:</div>
<ul>
<li>Radical customer centricity</li>
<li>Ownership-driven culture</li>
<li>Keeping everything simple</li>
<li>Long-term thinking</li>
<li>Complete transparency</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Roles &amp; Responsibilities</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Work closely with Growth product and category teams to drive the company-level growth.</li>
<li>Drive New user growth and App activity (DAU, MAU) through omni-channels marketing. Should be comfortable with handling teams and multiple stakeholders.</li>
<li>Should be comfortable with unstructured problem solving.</li>
<li>Market the product to users, create customer product journeys, educate users for multiple products via different communication channels.</li>
<li>Work closely with the Analytics/Data Science team to build the right personalized campaigns for different consumer segments and use it to drive up key engagement &amp; transaction metrics on the platform.</li>
<li>Analyzing data from campaign results, conversion rates, traffic, and report the results to relevant stakeholders.</li>
<li>Work closely with Content teams for content planning and finalization of campaigns.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Expertise &amp; Qualifications:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Solid track record &amp; project management skills with the ability to collaborate with cross-functional stakeholders.</li>
<li>Minimum 1+ years of experience in managing digital brands at scale.</li>
<li>Good understanding of multiple marketing channels (Push, Email, SMS, WhatsApp, Google/Meta Ads) and CRM/Mar-tech platforms (Webengage, Moengage, Clevertap, Appsflyer).&nbsp;</li>
<li>Hands-on experience on SQL is mandatory. Must have analytical and data-driven decision-making skills and be comfortable working with complex data.</li>
<li>Must be a go getter with the ability to thrive on challenging problem statements.</li>
<li>Fintech based work experience is a plus.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>