<div class="content-intro"><p><strong>About Mixpanel</strong></p>
<p>Mixpanel turns data clarity into innovation. Trusted by more than 29,000 companies, including Workday, Pinterest, LG, and Rakuten Viber, Mixpanel’s AI-first digital analytics help teams accelerate adoption, improve retention, and ship with confidence. Powering this is an industry-leading platform that combines product and web analytics, session replay, experimentation, feature flags, and metric trees. Mixpanel delivers insights that customers trust. Visit <a href="mixpanel.com" target="\_blank">mixpanel.com</a> to learn more.</p></div><p><strong>About the Customer Success Team</strong></p>
<p>Mixpanel’s Customer Success &amp; Solutions Engineering teams are analytics consultants who embed themselves within our enterprise customer teams to drive our customer’s business outcomes. We work with prospects and customers throughout the customer journey to understand what drives value and serve as the technical counterpart to our Sales organization to deliver on that value. You will partner closely with Account Executives, Account Managers, Product, Engineering, and Support to successfully roll out self-serve analytics within our customer’s organizations, help the customer manage change, execute on technical projects and services that delight our customers and ultimately drive ROI on the customer’s Mixpanel investment.</p>
<p><strong>About the Role</strong></p>
<p>As a Customer Success Architect, you will partner with customers throughout the customer journey to understand what drives value, beginning from the pre-sales running proof of concepts to demonstrate quick time to value, to post-sales onboarding and implementation where you set customers up for long-term success with scalable implementation and data governance best practices. Throughout the entire customer lifecycle, you will work to understand how analytics can drive business value for your customers and will consult them on how to maximize the value of Mixpanel including managing change during Mixpanel’s rollout, defining and achieving ROI, and identifying areas of improvement in their current usage of analytics. For large enterprise customers, post onboarding, you will also continue alongside the Account Managers to drive data trust and product adoption for 100+ end user teams through a change management rollout approach.</p>
<p><strong>Responsibilities</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Serve as a trusted technical advisor for prospects/customers to provide strategic consultation on data architecture, governance, instrumentation, and business outcomes</li>
<li>Effectively communicate at most levels of the customer’s organization to influence business outcomes via Mixpanel, design and execute a comprehensive analytics strategy, and unblock technical and organizational roadblocks</li>
<li>Own the customer’s success with Mixpanel — documenting and delivering ROI to the customer throughout their journey to transform their business with self-serve analytics</li>
<li>Own onboarding and data health for your assigned customers/projects, including ongoing enhancements to their data quality and overall tech stack integration</li>
<li>Engage with customers’ engineering, product management, and marketing teams to handle technical onboarding, optimize Mixpanel deployments, and improve data trust</li>
<li>Deliver a variety of technical services ranging from data architecture consultations to adoption and change management best practices</li>
<li>Leverage modern data architecture expertise to create scalable data governance practices and data trust for our customers, including data optimization and re-implementation projects</li>
<li>Successfully execute on success outcomes whilst balancing project timelines, scope creep, and unanticipated issues</li>
<li>Bridge the technical-business gap with your customers — working with business stakeholders to define a strategic vision for Mixpanel and then working with the right business and technical contacts to execute that vision</li>
<li>Collaborate with our technical and solutions partners as needed on data optimization and onboarding projects</li>
<li>Be a technical sponsor for internal engagements with Mixpanel product and engineering teams to prioritize product and systems tasks from clients</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>We're Looking For Someone Who Has</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Experience consulting on defining and delivering ROI through new tool implementations</li>
<li>Experience working with Director-level members of the customer organization to define a strategic vision and successfully leveraging those members to deliver on that vision</li>
<li>The ability to communicate with stakeholders at most levels of an organization — from talking with developers about the ins and outs of an API to talking to a Director of Data Science/Product Management about organizational efficiency</li>
<li>Can manage complex projects with assorted client stakeholders, working across teams and departments to execute real change</li>
<li>Has a demonstrated successful record of experience in customer success, client-facing professional services, consulting, or technical project management role</li>
<li>Excellent written, analytical, and communication skills</li>
<li>Strong process and/or project delivery discipline</li>
<li>Eager to learn new technologies and adapt to evolving customer needs</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Bonus Points For</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Experience in data querying, modeling, and transforming in at least one core tool, including SQL / dbt / Python / Business Intelligence tools / Product Analytics tools, etc.</li>
<li>Familiar with databases and cloud data warehouses like Google Cloud, Amazon Redshift, Microsoft Azure, Snowflake, Databricks, etc.</li>
<li>Familiar with product analytics implementation methods like SDKs, Customer Data Platforms (CDPs), Event Streaming, Reverse ETL, etc.</li>
<li>Familiar with analytics best practices across business segments and verticals</li>
<li>Fluency in additional languages</li>
</ul>
<p>#LI-Hybrid</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>Benefits and Perks</strong><strong><br></strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Comprehensive Medical, Vision, and Dental Care</li>
<li>Mental Wellness Benefit</li>
<li>Generous Vacation Policy &amp; Additional Company Holidays</li>
<li>Enhanced Parental Leave</li>
<li>Volunteer Time Off</li>
<li>Additional US Benefits: Pre-Tax Benefits including 401(K), Wellness Benefit, Holiday Break</li>
</ul>
<p><em>\*please note that benefits and perks for contract positions will vary\*</em></p>
<p><strong>Culture Values</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><strong>Make Bold Bets:</strong> We choose courageous action over comfortable progress.</li>
<li><strong>Innovate with Insight:</strong> We tackle decisions with rigor and judgment - combining data, experience and collective wisdom to drive&nbsp;powerful outcomes.</li>
<li><strong>One Team:</strong> We collaborate across boundaries to achieve far greater impact than any of us could accomplish alone.</li>
<li><strong>Candor with Connection:</strong> We build meaningful relationships that enable honest feedback and direct conversations.</li>
<li><strong>Champion the Customer:</strong> We seek to deeply understand our customers’ needs, ensuring their success is our north star.</li>
<li><strong>Powerful Simplicity:</strong> We find elegant solutions to complex problems, making sophisticated things accessible.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Why choose Mixpanel?</strong></p>
<p>We’re a leader in analytics with over 9,000 customers and $277M raised from prominent investors: like Andreessen-Horowitz, Sequoia, YC, and, most recently, Bain Capital. Mixpanel’s pioneering event-based data analytics platform offers a powerful yet simple solution for companies to understand user behaviors and easily track overarching company success metrics. Our accomplished teams continuously facilitate our expansion by tackling the ever-evolving challenges tied to scaling, reliability, design, and service. Choosing to work at Mixpanel means you’ll be helping the world’s most innovative companies learn from their data so they can make better decisions.</p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Mixpanel is an equal opportunity employer supporting workforce diversity. At Mixpanel, we are focused on things that really matter—our people, our customers, our partners—out of a recognition that those relationships are the most valuable assets we have. We actively encourage women, people with disabilities, veterans, underrepresented minorities, and LGBTQ+ people to apply. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance or other similar laws that may be applicable, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records. We’ve immersed ourselves in our Culture and Values as our guiding principles for the impact we want to have and the future we are building.</span></p></div>