<p><span style="text-decoration: underline;"><strong>Ice Machine Operative - Nights</strong></span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Derby, UK</span></p>
<p><span style="text-decoration: underline;"><strong>Rate of Pay:</strong></span><span style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;"> </span></span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">£13.98/hour&nbsp;+ 20% Night Shift Uplift</span></p>
<p><strong><u>About the Ice Machine Operative Role</u></strong></p>
<p>In the role you will be a part of forming our brand new ice team. A team of 3 over each shift will be working together running our water pack machine along with ensuring our water packs get frozen by using our blast freezers.</p>
<p>In this role you will have a huge impact on ensuring our customers wellbeing. Producing this ice means that we can keep our meat and dairy products chilled throughout transportation so they turn up in excellent condition to our customers.</p>
<p><strong><u>What the Ice Machine Operative will be doing:</u></strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Working with machinery</li>
<li>Following the palletising process along with health and safety procedures.</li>
<li>Loading and unloading pallets into/from our blast freezers</li>
<li>Using Matflo to keep stock count</li>
<li>Using Powered Pallet Trucks and Counter Balance Trucks</li>
<li>Work as a team to ensure consistent workflow for production</li>
</ul>
<p><strong><u>Who the Ice Machine Operative is:</u></strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Keen eye for detail</li>
<li>Good organizational skills and a methodical approach to work</li>
<li>Excellent team working and communication skills</li>
<li>Energy, enthusiasm, positive, commitment and a can-do flexible attitude</li>
<li>Strong work ethic</li>
<li>Practical knowledge and experience in an operational environment</li>
<li>Quick and effective problem solver</li>
<li>Work well under pressure and have the ability to meet tight deadlines</li>
<li>Good numerical skills</li>
<li>Powered Pallet Truck Trained</li>
<li>Counter Balance Trained is not required, but preferable</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><span style="text-decoration: underline;"><strong>Benefits&nbsp;</strong></span></p>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Life Assurance</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">70% discount on either HelloFresh or Green Chef boxes</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cycle scheme</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Pension</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Employee Assistance Programme</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Free hot drinks</span></li>
</ul>
<p>Upon passing probation:</p>
<ul>
<li>Company pension scheme</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>HelloFresh Company Profile&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">At HelloFresh, we want to change the way people eat forever by offering our customers high quality food and recipes. Now, we are a global food solutions group and the world's leading meal kit company, active in 17 countries.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Our weekly boxes full of exciting recipes and fresh ingredients have blossomed into a community of customers looking for delicious, healthy and sustainable options. The HelloFresh Group now includes our core brand,&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">HelloFresh, as well as: GreenChef, EveryPlate, Chef's Plate, Factor, and Youfoodz.</span></p>
<p><strong>Start date:</strong><span style="font-weight: 400;"> ASAP</span></p>
<p><strong>Location:</strong><span style="font-weight: 400;"> The Windmill, 1 Holme Lane, Spondon, Derby, DE21 7HW</span></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Next steps</strong>: Your application will be reviewed and if successful, a member of the Talent Acquisition Team will be in touch within 2 weeks</p>
<p>As part of our recruitment process, we undertake a Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) check for all successful candidates</p>
<p>You are required to cooperate with HelloFresh in all health and safety matters. You are responsible for ensuring you take reasonable care of your own health, and safety as well as others who may be affected by the work activities you undertake. You must report incidents immediately and actively raise health and safety-related concerns to your Line Manager.</p>
<p>If you are currently a HelloFresh employee, please make sure you have discussed your application with your Line Manager.</p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;"><strong><span data-sheets-value="{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:&quot;#JD1003&quot;}" data-sheets-userformat="{&quot;2&quot;:4224,&quot;10&quot;:2,&quot;15&quot;:&quot;Arial&quot;}">#JD1003<br></span></strong>#Windmillwarehouse</span></p>
<p><strong><em>If you are an internal candidate, please ensure your current manager is aware of your application for this role.</em></strong></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>