<div class="content-intro"><div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
<div>
<p>At Cloudflare, we are on a mission to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers millions of websites and other Internet properties for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.&nbsp;</p>
<p>At Cloudflare, we’re not looking for people who wait for a polished roadmap; we’re looking for the builders who see the cracks in the Internet that everyone else has simply learned to live with. We value candidates who have the instinct to spot a "normalized" problem and the AI-native curiosity to create a solution using the latest tools. Our culture is built on iteration, leveraging AI to ship faster today to make it better tomorrow, while ensuring that every improvement, no matter how small, is shared across the team to lift everyone up. If you’re the type of person who values curiosity over bureaucracy, and that AI is a partner in solving tough problems to keep the Internet moving forward, you’ll fit right in.</p>
</div></div><p><strong>Available Locations: Mexico City</strong></p>
<p><strong>To the attention of candidates (Mexico City):&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p><strong>This role requires full time work over the Weekends. Candidates should be comfortable working with a “Wed-Sun” or “Sat-Wed” 5-day working week schedule. Candidates MUST have right-to-work in Mexico.&nbsp; </strong><strong>Visa sponsorship is NOT provided for this position</strong><strong>.</strong></p>
<p><strong>About the Organization</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Solutions Engineering organization is a global organization that leads the technical pre-sales for Cloudflare. Solution Engineers use their technology knowledge and experience to help customers achieve their business goals. Our Solutions Engineers come from a wide range of backgrounds. We're serious about building a diverse team. When hiring we look for diversity of experience combined with genuine curiosity for our technology and ambition to be as diligent and helpful as possible in supporting our Solutions Engineering team to achieve their goals.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Ultimately, as a Solutions Engineer, you are passionate about people, well organized, enjoy researching, have an appreciation of web performance/security technology and its importance in today's world. You are naturally curious, and an avid builder who is not afraid to get your hands dirty. You appreciate the diversity of challenges in working with your peers, and look forward to the prospect of enabling the team to help our customers realize the full promise of Cloudflare.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><strong>About the Role</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Threat Advisory Solutions Engineer is a highly technical, hands-on role that requires deep understanding of Cloudflare’s Security portfolio of products and services. Threat Advisory Solutions Engineer is expected to lead the technology discussion with customers reaching out to Cloudflare while they are </span><strong>Under Attack</strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">, and confidently and calmly handles the efforts of attack mitigation using Cloudflare technology and tools. Threat Advisory Solutions Engineer works closely with Cloudflare Product and Engineering teams to analyze threat data and provide insights to Sales and Solutions Engineering teams to support the sales process. Role also requires creating threat intelligence reports and collateral for internal and external consumption.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><strong>About the Candidate</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are looking for curious and ambitious individuals who want to combine their technical, organizational, data-driven research and communication skills with their desire to help customers achieve their goals. Connecting with stakeholders within Cloudflare and utilizing a variety of tools, your role will be to support the Sales and Solution Engineering teams throughout the sales process by focusing on security intelligence, anomaly hunting and incident response. Ideal candidates should be able to leverage intuition, security knowledge and a broad array of tools and advanced security techniques to uncover malicious activity, and assist customers.&nbsp;&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Experience should include a combination of the skills below:</span></p>
<ul>
<li><span style="font-weight: 400;">Experience performing technical analysis involving threat event data and evaluating malicious activity.</span></li>
<li><span style="font-weight: 400;">Deep knowledge of TCP/IP and related network protocols: knowledge of standard network protocols like TCP, ARP, ICMP, DHCP, DNS, HTTP, SNMP etc., and accompanying protocol/packet analysis/manipulation tools</span></li>
<li><span style="font-weight: 400;">Working/in-depth knowledge of information security protection/detection and authentication systems (firewalls, IDS, IPS, anti-virus, etc.)</span></li>
<li><span style="font-weight: 400;">Knowledge of commonly-accepted information security principles and practices, as well as techniques attackers would use to identify vulnerabilities, gain unauthorized access, escalate privileges and access restricted information.</span></li>
<li><span style="font-weight: 400;">In-depth knowledge of current operating environments (Microsoft, Linux, &amp; Other operating systems, and cloud providers)</span></li>
<li><span style="font-weight: 400;">Understanding and use of scripting and third party security tools.&nbsp;</span></li>
<li><span style="font-weight: 400;">Working understanding of database systems, application system development and installation/implementation processes.</span></li>
<li><span style="font-weight: 400;">Exceptional analytical and critical thinking, willingness to challenge status quo. Excellent interpersonal skills.</span></li>
<li><span style="font-weight: 400;">Advanced written and oral communications, self-motivator. Team player and independent worker, highly adaptive.</span></li>
</ul>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Experience and skills below are not required but highly preferred:</span></p>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Previous experience in a SOC or NOC, or PEN testing.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Knowledge of specific security products such as Bot Management, DDoS mitigation and Web Application Firewalls (WAF).</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Awareness of the Zero Trust security model architecture.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Worked with JIRA or other support desk tools in the past.</span></li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: Since 2014, we've equipped more than 2,400 journalism and civil society organizations in 111 countries with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: In 2017, we created the Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration. Since the project, we've provided services to more than 425 local government election websites in 33 states.</span></p>
<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Please note that applicants who progress to the offer stage of the interview process may be asked to attend an in-person interview within one of the Cloudflare Offices or Cloudflare Hubs.&nbsp; More details about this will be available at that stage of the interview process.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p></div>