<div class="content-intro"><p><strong>Secure Every Identity, from AI to Human<br><br></strong>Identity is the key to unlocking the potential of AI. Okta secures AI by building the trusted, neutral infrastructure that enables organizations to safely embrace this new era. This work requires a relentless drive to solve complex challenges with real-world stakes. We are looking for builders and owners who operate with speed and urgency and execute with excellence.<br><br>This is an opportunity to do career-defining work. We're all in on this mission. If you are too, let's talk.</p></div><h3>The Opportunity</h3>
<p>The Migration Services team builds the critical, data-driven services that seamlessly move customers across environments in real-time. We are looking for a Staff Software Engineer who is passionate about crafting elegant solutions to complex distributed systems problems. In this high-visibility role, you will be a key player in driving innovation, collaborating with architects and stakeholders to build and own the crucial infrastructure that underpins the Auth0 ecosystem. If you are excited by the prospect of making a massive impact, we want to hear from you.</p>
<h3>What You'll Achieve</h3>
<ul>
<li>Architect and build for scale. You will design, develop, and operate highly scalable, data-intensive services, moving beyond just writing code to architecting solutions for the future.</li>
<li>Master the data stream. You'll leverage streaming technologies and implement advanced change data capture (CDC) strategies to ensure the secure, reliable, and efficient transfer of data.</li>
<li>Drive operational excellence. Through continuous monitoring and performance tuning, you will enhance the reliability of our migration processes and participate in our team's on-call rotation to ensure our services are always on.</li>
<li>Lead and influence. You will guide cross-team initiatives from concept to completion, leading design and code reviews, and championing security and operational robustness.</li>
</ul>
<h3>What You'll Bring</h3>
<ul>
<li>A seasoned engineering background. With 5+ years of experience in fast-paced, agile environments, you have a proven track record of shipping high-quality software.</li>
<li>Deep database expertise. You possess a strong understanding of database fundamentals and have hands-on experience with datastores like MongoDB and Postgres.</li>
<li>Go is your go-to. You have a strong proficiency in Golang and enjoy mentoring others to elevate their skills.</li>
<li>A passion for reliability. You have a background in reliability engineering, with a focus on observability and incident management.</li>
<li>Collaborative leadership. Your excellent written and verbal communication skills enable you to collaborate effectively with cross-functional teams, and you have a demonstrated ability to mentor and guide fellow engineers</li>
</ul>
<h3>Bonus Points</h3>
<ul>
<li>Experience with distributed streaming platforms like Kafka.</li>
<li>Familiarity with concepts in the IAM (Identity and Access Management) domain.</li>
<li>Experience with cloud providers (AWS, Azure) and container technologies such as Kubernetes and Docker.</li>
</ul>
<p>#Hybrid</p>
<p>PID Number : P24567</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong><br>The Okta Experience</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><a href="http://rewards.okta.com">Supporting Your Well-Being</a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="https://www.okta.com/company/okta-for-good/">Driving Social Impact&nbsp;</a></li>
<li><a href="https://www.okta.com/company/talent-connection-community/">Developing Talent and Fostering Connection + Community</a></li>
</ul>
<p>We are intentional about connection. Our global community, spanning over 20 offices worldwide, is united by a drive to innovate. Your journey begins with an immersive, in-person onboarding experience designed to accelerate your impact and connect you to our mission and team from day one.<br><br>Okta is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, marital status, age, physical or mental disability, or status as a protected veteran. We also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and convictions records, consistent with applicable laws.<br><br>If reasonable accommodation is needed to complete any part of the job application, interview process, or onboarding please&nbsp;<a href="https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1EfiEYZrIyhA2X4Fijk0R3RKYOzNoS3wtvyM4nhbZnXE/edit">use this Form</a> to request an accommodation.<br><br>Notice for New York City Applicants &amp; Employees: Okta may use Automated Employment Decision Tools (AEDT), as defined by New York City Local Law 144, that use artificial intelligence, machine learning, or other automated processes to assist in our recruitment and hiring process. In accordance with NYC Local Law 144, if you are an applicant or employee residing in New York City, please&nbsp;<a href="https://talent.okta.com/new-york-city-aedt-notice.html">click here</a> to view our full NYC AEDT Notice.<br><br>Okta is committed to complying with applicable data privacy and security laws and regulations. For more information, please see our Personnel and Job Candidate Privacy Notice at&nbsp;<a href="https://www.okta.com/legal/personnel-policy/">https://www.okta.com/legal/personnel-policy/</a>.</p></div>