<div class="content-intro"><p>1 in 4 people in the US have a treatable mental health condition, but most providers don't accept insurance, making therapy too expensive for most people. <strong>Headway’s mission is to fix this by building a new mental healthcare system everyone can access.</strong> We started by solving the biggest barrier to care: insurance. The admin work - credentialing, claims, payment reconciliation - is a nightmare. We've automated that.</p>
<p>But we're going further. Over 70,000 providers across all 50 states run their practice on our software, serving over 1 million patients. We are building the best tools for therapists to run their entire practice, reimagining the experience of finding a therapist, and investing in the platform foundations to enable this at scale. We aren't just a billing layer; we are becoming the platform where care actually happens.</p>
<p>We're a Series D company with $325M+ in funding (a16z, Accel, GV, etc.), looking for exceptional people to help us achieve this mission. We want your time here to be the most meaningful experience of your career. Join us, and help change mental healthcare for the better.</p></div><p>As <strong>Medical/Clinical Director, Payer Partnerships </strong>you will support Headway’s health plan relationships and payer strategy to continue expanding Headway’s provider network impact. You’ll work cross-functionally with teams across Headway, including Payer, Product, Growth, Marketing, Data &amp; Analytics, and others.</p>
<p>As the only tech-enabled behavioral health Managed Services Organization (MSO) built with entirely in-house software, Headway has an unprecedented opportunity in the clinical space. Today, we support more than 60k Clinicians and hundreds of thousands of patients. Building a best in class digital product will impact clinicians and patients nationwide. Please note the internal title of this role may be subject to change.</p>
<p><strong>You’ll be great for this role if:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>You are a <strong>Psychiatrist (MD/DO) or Clinical Psychologist (PhD)&nbsp;</strong>with 5+ years of experience as a clinician operating in a fast-paced, high growth business.</li>
<li>You bring 2+ years of experience working in payer or partnership roles, ideally in technology environments.</li>
<li>You are an <strong>industry influencer</strong> –&nbsp; with demonstrated passion for reimagining how behavioral health is delivered and measured. This likely means you’ve worked in health plans, health systems, and / or healthcare startups. You speak at industry conferences.</li>
<li>You are a<strong> proven thought leader</strong> with peer-reviewed publications, mainstream media articles, and/or other expert content.&nbsp;</li>
<li>You’re<strong> effective at communicating</strong> clinical information to non-clinical staff and can distill complex clinical processes and language in order to move product implementation forward. You have worked in a position that required communication with large populations, including leading presentations. Storytelling is one of your superpowers.&nbsp;</li>
<li>You have strong analytical skills and are experienced in <strong>analyzing and synthesizing data &amp; research insights </strong>to inform strategy, drive innovation, and clearly demonstrate scientific and organizational value to customers.</li>
<li>You are a <strong>creative thinker </strong>who loves white space and can explore data in new and different ways, expanding the way the field thinks about common problems.</li>
<li>You are familiar with <strong>clinical quality</strong> measurement and peer review systems in healthcare.</li>
<li>You are a <strong>collaborator </strong>– eager and adept at working in concert with product, operations, and sales teams to infuse clinical strategy across the org.</li>
<li>You have general familiarity with healthcare regulations and laws surrounding corporate practice of medicine.</li>
<li>You have past experience with a healthcare tech company and/or startup.</li>
<li><strong>You are based on or near the East Coast and are willing to travel.</strong></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>You Will:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Support Headway health plan partnerships and strategy</li>
<li>Promote external relations with Payers through relationship building, presentations/reporting, sales meetings, and conference participation</li>
<li>Develop a critical understanding of how mental health clinicians utilize digital tools to deliver high quality care and document in a compliant manner</li>
<li>Work collaboratively with cross functional teams including product, design, growth, marketing, payer relations, data &amp; analytics, and operations</li>
<li>Be willing to travel.&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Compensation and Benefits:</strong></p>
<p>The expected base pay range for this position is&nbsp;<span data-sheets-root="1">$211,200 - $330,000,</span>&nbsp;based on a variety of factors including qualifications, experience, and geographic location.&nbsp;</p>
<p><em>We are committed to offering a comprehensive and competitive total rewards package, including robust health and wellness benefits, retirement savings, and meaningful ownership opportunities through equity. Compensation decisions are made holistically, ensuring fairness and alignment with market benchmarks while recognizing individual contributions and potential.</em></p>
<p>Benefits offered include:</p>
<ul>
<li>Equity Compensation</li>
<li>Medical, Dental, and Vision coverage</li>
<li>HSA / FSA</li>
<li>401K</li>
<li>Work-from-Home Stipend</li>
<li>Therapy Reimbursement</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">16-week parental leave for eligible employees</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">Carrot Fertility annual reimbursement and membership</li>
<li>13 paid holidays each year as well as a Holiday Break during the week between December 25th and December 31st</li>
<li>Flexible PTO</li>
<li>Employee Assistance Program (EAP)</li>
<li>Training and professional development</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><p>We believe a team's strength is in its people, and we cannot achieve this mission without a team that reflects the diversity of this problem – across race, ethnicity, gender, sexuality, age, national origin, religion, family status, disability, military status, and experience. Headway is committed to the full inclusion of all qualified individuals. As part of this commitment, Headway will ensure that persons with disabilities are provided with reasonable accommodations. If reasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and/or receive other benefits and privileges of employment, please inform the recruiter when they contact you to schedule your interview.</p>
<p>Headway participates in E-Verify. To learn more, click <a href="https://www.e-verify.gov/sites/default/files/everify/posters/EVerifyParticipationPoster.pdf">here.</a></p>
<p>A notice to Headway applicants: To protect yourself against phishing and recruitment fraud, please note that Headway only accepts applications through our official careers page at https://headway.co/careers. Headway will never refer you to external websites, ask for payment or personal information, or conduct interviews via messaging apps. All official communication will come from a @findheadway.com email address. If you are contacted by someone claiming to be from Headway via an unofficial channel, please do not share any information and report it as spam.</p></div>