<h2><strong>Who we are </strong></h2>
<h3><strong>About Stripe</strong></h3>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies - from the world’s largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups - use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyone's reach while doing the most important work of your career.</span></p>
<h3><strong>About the team</strong></h3>
<p>As a regulated business, our second line of defense team plays a critical role in ensuring Stripe operates as a responsible steward of the financial ecosystem. You will join the Product and User Enablement (ProUse) team, acting as a trusted compliance advisor to our first line business teams (e.g., GTM, Risk, Ops) to help scale our crypto/stablecoin business and grow our user base globally.</p>
<h2><strong>What you’ll do</strong></h2>
<p>We are looking for a compliance expert who is fluent in both crypto regulations and commercial reality. You will be the bridge between Stripe’s compliance obligations and our users' ambitious goals.</p>
<p>You will provide expert guidance for our complex user challenges to actively shape them. You will partner closely with cross-functional stakeholders to design user solutions that both support users' growing journey with Stripe and satisfy compliance rigor.</p>
<p>Stripe is both a technology company and a financial services company. You will need to be comfortable straddling those worlds every day, moving quickly in the face of ambiguity to help scale our crypto/stablecoin business globally.</p>
<h3><strong>Responsibilities</strong></h3>
<p><strong>With particular focus on crypto/stablecoin workstream, you will be a critical team member responsible for:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Partner deeply with GTM and business teams during the pre-sales cycle for complex Crypto/Stablecoin prospects. You will identify regulatory roadblocks early and design the "path to yes" that aligns with our risk appetite.</li>
<li>Acting as a specialised advisor for high-stakes or complex user negotiations, you will be deployed strategically to explain complex regulatory requirements to users with authority and empathy.</li>
<li>Work with users and internal teams to architect flows - funds flow, data collection, API integration - that meet compliance obligations while minimizing friction.</li>
<li>Conduct risk-based reviews of non-standard crypto business models to ensure policy adherence. Analyze complex edge cases to distinguish between "unfamiliar" and "unsafe."</li>
<li>Aggregate insights from user interactions to identify where our policies or products can be enhanced.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Liaise closely with Regional Compliance Officers and Money Laundering Reporting Officers to support execution of our compliance oversight programs</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Who you are</strong></h2>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We're looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.</span></p>
<h3><strong>Minimum requirements</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>5+ years of experience in financial crimes compliance, with significant time spent specifically in the crypto and stablecoin space.</li>
<li>Experience evaluating complex user requests for compliance risk and working with business stakeholders to implement creative solutions to enable users while meeting compliance requirements</li>
<li>Working knowledge of crypto regulatory frameworks and standard AML/sanction practices, and a good understanding of the types of compliance matters applicable to a company like Stripe</li>
<li>Strong written and verbal communication skills, including the ability to translate complex compliance concepts into clear, commercial language for different stakeholders across the business, as well as with users directly</li>
<li>Excellent cross-functional collaboration skills, including navigating leadership and interpersonal working relationships</li>
<li>The ability to work efficiently and independently in an ambiguous, fast-paced environment, with a strong understanding of when to escalate urgent issues</li>
<li>Demonstrated experience speaking directly to external clients or regulators, with the ability to manage complex conversations to clarify requirements for senior stakeholders.</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>Nice to haves</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>CAMS, CRCM or equivalent certification</li>
<li>Experience in a hyper-growth tech or fintech environment.</li>
<li>Familiarity with SQL or on-chain analysis tools (e.g., Chainalysis, TRM Labs).</li>
</ul>