<div class="content-intro"><p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Every day, tens of millions of people come to Roblox to explore, create, play, learn, and connect with friends in 3D immersive digital experiences– all created by our global community of developers and creators.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">At Roblox, we’re building the tools and platform that empower our community to bring any experience that they can imagine to life. Our vision is to reimagine the way people come together, from anywhere in the world, and on any device.</span><strong> </strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re on a mission to connect a billion people with optimism and civility, and looking for amazing talent to help us get there.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">A career at Roblox means you’ll be working to shape the future of human interaction, solving unique technical challenges at scale, and helping to create safer, more civil shared experiences for everyone.</span></p></div><p>We are seeking a highly motivated Senior Analyst, Tools and Systems Administrator to manage the implementation and innovation of tooling initiatives across our Operations teams. In this role, you will join a growing team of administrative, incident management and product support teams in India, providing comprehensive tools and admin support to our global operations teams. You will help build a premier suite of agent tooling by managing systematic changes, identifying improvements, and delivering exceptional customer service.</p>
<p><strong>You Will:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Administer and configure applications to support 24/7 operations, including Zendesk, Absorb, Qualtrics, JIRA and other 3rd party and internally developed tools.</li>
<li>Analyze and translate business requirements into technical requirements, coordinating with operations teams to evaluate new functionality and implement tooling.</li>
<li>Support vendor team onboarding and off-boarding, including account creation, access provisioning, and the setup and troubleshooting of provisioned tools.</li>
<li>Respond to and resolve ad-hoc tickets from internal and vendor facing teams via Jira, while monitoring Slack pings, emails, and collaborating with global operational teams.</li>
<li>Work proactively with internal and external teams to identify, analyze, and resolve tool-related issues before problems arise, ensuring all incident management protocols are diligently followed.</li>
<li>Maintain detailed documentation and provide regular reports on configuration, experience and support activities.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>You Have:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>7+ years of experience in tools and systems administration, focusing heavily on end-user support, alongside 2+ years of experience with CRM, IVR, LMS, Knowledge Management tools, live channel support systems, integrations, and database administration.</li>
<li>2+ years of experience owning the end-to-end implementation, instrumentation, and integration of front and back-office applications.</li>
<li>The ability to use data to identify and lead decision-making for process improvements that enhance operational efficiencies.</li>
<li>Experience collaborating and communicating technical information clearly to management, product development teams, and both technical and non-technical users.</li>
<li>Leveraged AI / LLM based tools to solve complex problems.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>You Are:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Analytical &amp; Innovative: You are excited to investigate large, ambiguous problems, measure solutions, and execute out-of-the-box ideas to mitigate emerging risks.</li>
<li>A Proactive Problem Solver: You anticipate potential problems, take decisive action to solve them autonomously, and prioritize effectively.</li>
<li>Customer-Focused: You are passionate about delivering exceptional customer service and resolving issues efficiently while managing conflicting priorities for internal and external customers.</li>
<li>Team-Oriented: You lift up your peers, work effectively as part of a global team, and are able to work flexible hours to adapt to changing priorities.</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><p>Roles that are based in an office are onsite Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thursday, with optional presence on Monday and Friday (unless otherwise noted).</p>
<p>Roblox provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any type without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws. Roblox also provides reasonable accommodations to candidates with qualifying disabilities or religious beliefs during the recruiting process.</p>
<p>For US based roles only, please note the Company may not be able to employ candidates for this role who have United States work authorization related to certain U.S. visa categories, or support future H-1B sponsorship at this time.</p></div>