<p>
  <strong>Headquarters:</strong> Bratislava
</p>

<div class="content"><div class="section-wrapper page-full-width"><div class="section page-centered"><div><span>Work alongside our innovative team based in Auckland, New Zealand! We are seeking talented individuals excited about the opportunity to learn, expand their skillset and support our company in its evolution to a Rust code base.</span></div><div><br></div><div><span>We welcome applications from individuals located internationally seeking remote engagements, or those looking to relocate to Auckland, New Zealand.</span></div><div><br></div><div><span>While most of our team works within the New Zealand timezone, international remote applicants are welcome. There’s minimal requirement for crossover hours with the NZ work day, though some flexibility may be needed depending on project needs. This can be discussed and agreed upon later within our recruitment process.</span></div><div><br></div><div><b>The Role:</b></div><div><br></div><div><span>As a Product Owner at Propellerhead, your primary purpose will be to ensure clarity on the next most valuable thing to deliver. This is a client-facing role, important to maintaining long-term relationships with our customers through continuous high-value delivery. As such, you will work closely with internal and client stakeholders to ensure both functional and commercial objectives are met.</span></div><div><br></div><div><span>We are currently seeking a motivated and effective Product Owner to join our growing team. Are you tired of working on software that never sees production or adds no tangible value for users? Here at Propellerhead we focus on delivering software into production that adds value for our customers.</span></div><div><br></div><div><span>Propellerhead operates a hybrid working model (work from our office and from your own home). While we prefer our NZ-based team to be located in Auckland, we are also welcoming applications from international Product Owners who would like to work remotely or relocate to Auckland (please specify your plans in your application).</span></div></div><div class="section page-centered"><div><h3>Key Accountabilities:</h3><ul class="posting-requirements plain-list"><ul><li><b>Product Backlog Management:</b> Build and groom the product backlog, ensuring it contains appropriate items, prioritised effectively, and that items at the top are ready for delivery.</li><li><b>Communication:</b> Clearly communicate product backlog items to the product delivery team to build a shared understanding of the problems and solutions.</li><li><b>Delivery Constraints:</b> Ensure delivery teams work solely on funded backlog items, constraining product delivery as necessary.</li><li><b>Stakeholder Collaboration: </b>Work with stakeholders to create and prioritise valuable product deliverables with clear, measurable outcomes.</li><li><b>Scope Management:</b> Manage scope to deliver maximum value, while ensuring efficient use of resources.</li><li><b>Outcome Determination:</b> Evaluate whether a product deliverable achieved the desired outcome, making necessary adjustments based on feedback and results.</li><li><b>Team Coordination:</b> Keep product delivery teams informed of upcoming work and broadly communicate relevant context and problems faced to build a shared understanding of the product direction.</li><div><br></div></ul></ul></div></div><div class="section page-centered"><div><h3>Skills and Experience:</h3><ul class="posting-requirements plain-list"><ul><li>Proven experience as a Product Owner or similar role in a software development environment.</li><li>Strong understanding of Agile methodologies and principles.</li><li>Excellent communication and interpersonal skills.</li><li>Ability to prioritise and manage multiple tasks effectively.</li><li>Strong analytical and problem-solving skills.</li><li>Experience working with stakeholders to define and prioritise product features.</li><li>Familiarity with product management tools and software.</li></ul></ul></div></div><div class="section page-centered"><div><b><span>About Propellerhead:</span></b></div><div><span>Propellerhead is a leading software services company that designs, delivers, and maintains large-scale, custom-built digital platforms across a range of technologies. We place emphasis on producing technology which is meaningful, has value, and can make a difference in the world. We foster long lasting and trusting relationships with all our clients, and we have worked with a diverse range of commercial, non-profit, and government organisations over our 20 years in the market.</span></div><div><br></div><div><br></div><div><span><b>How We Build Software:</b></span></div><div><span>We build software by structuring solutions in a product-centric manner and focusing on continuously delivering improvements from a backlog of features. These features are taken from real stakeholder needs linked to clear objectives. As a result, our digital platforms are a mixture of custom components and external services which produce a powerful and engaging experience when combined.</span></div><div><br></div><div><br></div><div><span><b>Benefits:</b></span></div><div><span>- Contribute to interesting, diverse, and commercially minded work for well-respected clients.</span></div><div><span>- Join a Developer-led organisation full of world-class colleagues.</span></div><div><span>- Join a culture of learning and collaboration.</span></div><div><span>- Fortnightly Developer knowledge sharing session.</span></div><div><span>- Work from the comfort of your home or relocate to New Zealand and work within our beautifully designed office </span></div><div><span>- Propellerhead is an equal opportunity workplace which is free from discrimination.</span></div><div><br></div><div><br></div><div><b><span>Relocating candidates:</span></b></div><div><span>Propellerhead hires exceptional talent from all around the globe and many of our people have relocated to New Zealand to join our team. We've created&nbsp;</span><a href="https://www.workingforpropellerhead.co.nz/"><span>this website</span></a><span>&nbsp;packed full of information about moving to New Zealand to work for Propellerhead, if you're interested in making the move to our wonderful country.</span></div><div><br></div><div><br></div><div><b>Cover Letter:</b></div><div><i><span><b>Please note - only applications with a cover letter will be reviewed.</b></span></i></div><div><i>It's very important to us that you include a cover letter with your application—it's your chance to tell us more about who you are and what you value. While we love AI and all its wonders, we kindly ask that you refrain from using it in your application. We're excited to learn about your unique experiences and ideas, so please apply as your authentic self!</i></div><div><br></div><div><br></div><div><span><b>More:</b></span></div><div><i><span>Candidates that progress may be asked to agree to a police background check, credit history check, other assessments and provide evidence of qualifications.</span></i></div><div><i><span>Learn more about our company&nbsp;</span></i><a class="postings-link" href="https://www.propellerhead.co.nz/"><i><span>here.</span></i></a></div></div></div></div>

<p><strong>To apply:</strong> <a href="https://weworkremotely.com/remote-jobs/propellerhead-product-owner-remote-or-relocate">https://weworkremotely.com/remote-jobs/propellerhead-product-owner-remote-or-relocate</a></p>