<div class="content-intro"><p>Celonis is the global leader in Process Intelligence and the pioneer of Process Mining technology. As one of the world’s fastest-growing enterprise SaaS companies, we are changemakers pushing the boundaries of what’s possible. We invest heavily in advanced AI capabilities—specifically our Process Intelligence Graph—to turn data insights into immediate business action. We believe there is a massive opportunity to unlock global productivity and sustainability by placing intelligence at the core of every business process. Join our mission to make processes work for people, companies, and the planet.</p></div><p><strong>The Team:​</strong></p>
<p>Celonis Services is a strategic services organisation that focuses on the technical aspects of our customers' journeys as well as generating tangible business value during the engagements. It includes Consulting Services, Academy and Customer Support. We are thought leaders with deep product, technical and domain expertise and focus on delivering Celonis implementations, maximizing business value and driving product adoption for our customers. We achieve this by bringing together our best practices, delivery experience, award-winning enablement and support expertise.<strong>&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p><strong>The Role:</strong></p>
<p>As a&nbsp;<strong>Principal</strong>&nbsp;<strong>Consultant</strong>, you will accelerate our customers’ digital transformation and drive Celonis’ international expansion. You identify our customers’ strategic priorities and develop data-driven process insights using SQL and create complex data models to ensure that customers receive maximum value. You will become an expert in all kinds of company processes such as Finance, Order Management, Procurement, Warehouse Management, Customer Service, Production, e-Commerce, Opportunity Management, Spply Chain Management. You leverage the newest features and functionalities of the Celonis software, such as Process Analytics, Process Automation,&nbsp;Artificial Intelligence&nbsp;(AI)&nbsp;and&nbsp;Machine Learning (ML).&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>The work you’ll do:</strong></p>
<p>Initiate:</p>
<ul>
<li>Play a key role in the Celonis implementation project to ensure the optimal solution to tackle the customer’s pain points</li>
<li>Design innovative analyses and operational apps and enrich them with Machine Learning algorithms or Artificial Intelligence to make the customer’s processes transparent&nbsp;</li>
<li>Use our Celonis technology to identify process inefficiencies and understand the root causes, always in close collaboration with the customer</li>
<li>Strategic Advisory: Advise C-level stakeholders (Chief Risk Officers, DPOs) on the regulatory roadmap, helping them navigate the complex landscape of AI compliance.</li>
<li>Engagement Leadership: Collaborate with senior executives and process owners to define their Responsible AI goals. You will act as the primary point of contact for governance escalations and regulatory roadblocks, ensuring that compliance milestones are met on time.</li>
</ul>
<p>Implement:</p>
<ul>
<li>Conduct value workshops to develop business cases and align measures to improve process inefficiencies&nbsp;</li>
<li>Quantify the business and financial potential and present the findings to the management&nbsp;</li>
<li>Implement our Process Automation technology to speed up the customer’s processes, to drive value and to improve the process conformance rate</li>
</ul>
<p>Adopt:</p>
<ul>
<li>Implement the most relevant KPIs measuring the customer’s success</li>
<li>Ensure the enablement of the customer to continuously improve processes</li>
<li>Set the foundation of the path to value to make the long-term customer success journey happen</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>The qualifications you need:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>10+ years working experience in IT-Consulting, Management Consulting, Process Improvement or a similar area.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Hands-on experience applying AI/ML techniques or similar technologies</li>
<li>Proficiency with SQL or other programming languages (Python, R, Matlab...) and a strong interest in Big Data, Data Mining, and Process Mining</li>
<li>Strong communication skills in English and enjoy interacting with various customers to understand and interpret business processes</li>
<li>You are very dedicated and visionary and want to actively drive the Celonis Process Mining technology forward&nbsp;</li>
<li>Excellent analytical skills, well organised and known for being a quick learner</li>
<li>Business acumen is a strong plus, supporting the ability to understand client needs, identify value drivers, and deliver strategic, impact-driven recommendations</li>
<li data-path-to-node="17,0,0">Master’s degree or PhD in Law, Political Science, or a related field (e.g., Science &amp; Technology Studies).</li>
<li data-path-to-node="17,1,0"><em data-path-to-node="17,1,0" data-index-in-node="0">Bonus:</em> Certifications in Privacy (CIPP/E) or AI Governance (e.g., AIGP)</li>
</ul>
<p><span style="color: rgb(255, 255, 255); font-size: 8pt;">#LI-DB5</span></p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>What Celonis can offer you:</strong></p>
<ul class="p-rich\_text\_list p-rich\_text\_list\_\_bullet p-rich\_text\_list--nested" data-stringify-type="unordered-list" data-list-tree="true" data-indent="0" data-border="0">
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Pioneer Innovation:</span> Work with the global leader in Process Mining and the Process Intelligence Graph to shape the future of AI-driven business operations.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Ownership from Day 1:</span> Every full-time "Celonaut" is an owner, receiving Restricted Stock Units (RSUs) and merit-based refresh grants.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Unrivaled Family Support:</span> Benefit from our inclusive parental leave policy—24 weeks of fully paid leave for primary carers and 12 weeks for supporting carers, available from your first day of employment.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Work-Life Integration:</span> Enjoy Unlimited PTO (in applicable regions) and generous PTO globally, as well as a flexible hybrid work model that balances remote focus with vibrant office collaboration.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Continuous Growth:</span> Elevate your skills through our 70-20-10 learning framework, mentorship programs, and access to a dedicated learning platform.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Holistic Well-being:</span> Prioritize your health with subsidized Wellhub memberships, mental health counseling, and dedicated "Wellness Weeks" that prioritize work/life balance.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Drive Sustainability:</span> Participate in annual Impact Days, where you receive paid time off to volunteer for community and environmental causes with your local office, or virtually.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Global Inclusion &amp; Belonging:</span> Find community through our Inclusion Think Tank and participate in our annual Inclusion Days, ensuring every voice is heard and valued.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Value-Driven Impact:</span> Join a mission-led organization where our core values—Live for Customer Value, The Best Team Wins, We Own It, and Earth Is Our Future—drive every decision.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>About Us:</strong></p>
<p>Celonis makes processes work — for people, companies, and the planet. Powered by process mining and AI, the Celonis Process Intelligence Platform integrates process data and business context to create a living digital twin of business operations. We enable thousands of companies worldwide to understand how their business actually runs and, together with their partners, build intelligent solutions that transform and continuously improve the way they operate — unlocking billions in value. Celonis is headquartered in Munich, Germany, and New York City, USA, with more than 20 offices worldwide.</p>
<p><br>Get familiar with the Celonis Process Intelligence Platform by watching this <a href="https://academy.celonis.com/learn/video/discover-the-ems">video</a>.</p>
<p><strong>Celonis Inclusion Statement:</strong></p>
<p>At Celonis, we believe our people make us who we are and that “The Best Team Wins”. We know that the best teams are made up of people who bring different perspectives to the table. And when everyone feels included, able to speak up and knows their voice is heard - that's when creativity and innovation happen.<strong><br></strong></p>
<p><strong>Your Privacy:</strong></p>
<p>Any information you submit to Celonis as part of your application will be processed in accordance with Celonis’ <a href="https://www.celonis.com/careers/candidate-notices">Accessibility and Candidate Notices</a></p>
<p>By submitting this application, you confirm that you agree to the storing and processing of your personal data by Celonis as described in our <a href="https://www.celonis.com/careers/privacy-notice/">Privacy Notice for the Application and Hiring Process</a>.</p>
<p>Please be aware of common job offer scams, impersonators and frauds. Learn more <a href="https://www.celonis.com/careers/fraud-alert/">here</a>.</p></div>