<div class="content-intro"><p><strong>About Mixpanel</strong></p>
<p>Mixpanel turns data clarity into innovation. Trusted by more than 29,000 companies, including Workday, Pinterest, LG, and Rakuten Viber, Mixpanel’s AI-first digital analytics help teams accelerate adoption, improve retention, and ship with confidence. Powering this is an industry-leading platform that combines product and web analytics, session replay, experimentation, feature flags, and metric trees. Mixpanel delivers insights that customers trust. Visit <a href="mixpanel.com" target="\_blank">mixpanel.com</a> to learn more.</p></div><p><strong>About The Role:</strong></p>
<p>You will help scale our potential by working with both our Sales and Partnerships teams.<br>As an SE, you will be collaborating with Account Executives as a trusted advisor to customers, working to tie Mixpanel’s solutions to their business needs. Our SEs need to be inquisitive, nimble, able to clearly articulate the technical benefits and requirements of Mixpanel to developers and product managers, and communicate the value of our product to high-level executives.<br>You’ll also be opening up a broad set of customers via Mixpanel’s partner ecosystem. More specifically, you will deliver seamless onboarding &amp; on-going enablement that educates Partners about the many facets of the Mixpanel solution including joint-value positioning, implementation, and product training. You will also collaborate with our Solution Engineering and Customer Success teams to share best practices and provide a best-in-class experience to our end customers via Partners.<br>In the first month, you will become a Mixpanel expert on both features and functionality, as well as implementation. You will be given the opportunity to shadow customer calls and demos with current Sales Engineers and Account Executives while learning how to articulate our value proposition. You will be trained on Mixpanel’s internal systems and tools in order to be set up for success.<br>Within the first three months, you will be directly involved in deal cycles with Account Executives and Partner Managers. You will be leading the technical qualification for customers’ use cases as well as delivering customized demos for prospects. You will work directly with leadership at our prospects and partners to understand business challenges that can be solved through an analytics platform and consult on how Mixpanel can solve those challenges.<strong><u><br><br></u>Responsibilities:<u><br></u></strong></p>
<ul class="eea6ea04 \_59213647">
<li>Partner with Account Executives to drive revenue growth by serving as the key technical contact for the customer</li>
<ul class="eea6ea04 \_59213647">
<li>Utilize your Mixpanel knowledge and technical and consultative skills to impart best practices throughout proof of concept projects.</li>
<li>Partner with post-sales teams to ensure the articulated pre-sales value proposition translates into tangible post-sales value.</li>
<li>Develop relationships and uncover the needs of key technical stakeholders within your assigned book of business.</li>
</ul>
<li>Set partners up for success on projects with mutual customers</li>
<ul class="eea6ea04 \_59213647">
<li>Work with Partnership Managers and Partner Success to develop an intimate understanding of the businesses and strategic objectives of each partner &amp; then align our Partner Programs to support those objectives through effective delivery of Partner onboarding and training curriculum</li>
<li>Continuously evaluate existing Partners’ competencies/needs along with customer needs in order to surface areas for improvement or new opportunities for partners</li>
<li>Effectively present resources for partners for repeatable services at scale: updates on positioning, differentiating our offering, best practices in demo’ing, measuring analytics ROI, and creating a services economy around Mixpanel</li>
</ul>
</ul>
<p><strong>We're Looking For Someone Who Has:</strong></p>
<ul class="eea6ea04 \_59213647">
<li>3 to 5 years of experience in a client-facing professional services or sales engineering, or pre-sales role in a SAAS company</li>
<li>Adept at managing complex projects with assorted stakeholders, working across teams and departments</li>
<li>Understands analytics best practices and use cases across industries/verticals and can translate these strategies into tailored Partner onboarding &amp; training</li>
<li>Desire and energy from making others successful - a “teach someone how to fish” mentality</li>
<li>Has a passion for data and analytics, with the ability to apply creativity and curiosity to the problem-solving process. Bonus points for depth in user analytics/product analytics -- you will become a Mixpanel expert!</li>
<li>Experience analyzing data to drive continuous improvement and prove the efficacy of programs</li>
<li>Have experience working with customers and ecosystem partners in the APAC region</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Bonus Points For:</strong></p>
<ul class="eea6ea04 \_59213647">
<li>Experience using Mixpanel</li>
</ul>
<p>#LI-Hybrid</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>Benefits and Perks</strong><strong><br></strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Comprehensive Medical, Vision, and Dental Care</li>
<li>Mental Wellness Benefit</li>
<li>Generous Vacation Policy &amp; Additional Company Holidays</li>
<li>Enhanced Parental Leave</li>
<li>Volunteer Time Off</li>
<li>Additional US Benefits: Pre-Tax Benefits including 401(K), Wellness Benefit, Holiday Break</li>
</ul>
<p><em>\*please note that benefits and perks for contract positions will vary\*</em></p>
<p><strong>Culture Values</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><strong>Make Bold Bets:</strong> We choose courageous action over comfortable progress.</li>
<li><strong>Innovate with Insight:</strong> We tackle decisions with rigor and judgment - combining data, experience and collective wisdom to drive&nbsp;powerful outcomes.</li>
<li><strong>One Team:</strong> We collaborate across boundaries to achieve far greater impact than any of us could accomplish alone.</li>
<li><strong>Candor with Connection:</strong> We build meaningful relationships that enable honest feedback and direct conversations.</li>
<li><strong>Champion the Customer:</strong> We seek to deeply understand our customers’ needs, ensuring their success is our north star.</li>
<li><strong>Powerful Simplicity:</strong> We find elegant solutions to complex problems, making sophisticated things accessible.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Why choose Mixpanel?</strong></p>
<p>We’re a leader in analytics with over 9,000 customers and $277M raised from prominent investors: like Andreessen-Horowitz, Sequoia, YC, and, most recently, Bain Capital. Mixpanel’s pioneering event-based data analytics platform offers a powerful yet simple solution for companies to understand user behaviors and easily track overarching company success metrics. Our accomplished teams continuously facilitate our expansion by tackling the ever-evolving challenges tied to scaling, reliability, design, and service. Choosing to work at Mixpanel means you’ll be helping the world’s most innovative companies learn from their data so they can make better decisions.</p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Mixpanel is an equal opportunity employer supporting workforce diversity. At Mixpanel, we are focused on things that really matter—our people, our customers, our partners—out of a recognition that those relationships are the most valuable assets we have. We actively encourage women, people with disabilities, veterans, underrepresented minorities, and LGBTQ+ people to apply. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance or other similar laws that may be applicable, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records. We’ve immersed ourselves in our Culture and Values as our guiding principles for the impact we want to have and the future we are building.</span></p></div>