<p>At DBeaver, our team has a shared vision to integrate data into the routines and decision-making process of every individual. With a dedicated community of over 10 million active users worldwide who constantly inspire us, our open-source approach fuels innovation within.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Today, DBeaver is the leading provider of cross-platform enterprise data and database software and we’re seeking a Product Marketing Manager to join our team. You will bridge the gap between internal product and go-to-market teams by owning the strategy on how we communicate our products and features. You'll become the expert on what DBeaver does, who it's for, and how it stands apart from the competition.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Location:</strong> This role can be based remotely in the United States or Europe, or hybrid in our offices in Belgrade, Serbia, or Budapest, Hungary.</p>
<p><strong>What You’ll Do:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Understand and define how we strategically talk about DBeaver’s existing and future products and features: what they do, who they’re for, and why they’re different.</li>
<li>Translate DBeaver’s technical details into clear, compelling narratives for different audiences.</li>
<li>Work cross-functionally with engineering/product, marketing, sales, and customer success to ensure strong internal alignment and understanding of DBeaver’s value and differentiation.</li>
<li>Help sales and marketing teams improve campaigns, collateral, and external messaging through internal education and alignment.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Your Impact:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Shape the voice of DBeaver in the global data market by defining and championing product differentiation that resonates with millions of users.</li>
<li>Accelerate product adoption and customer success through strategic messaging that makes complex database technology accessible and valuable to diverse audiences.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>What You Bring:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>We are open to two different types of candidates for this role:</p>
<p>Technical user or engineer who is seeking to transition into a marketing career. In this case, you are someone who has:</p>
<ul>
<li>Hands-on experience with relational databases or database management tools -- you know how they function, how users interact with databases, etc.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Strong writing skills -- you're empathetic to the needs of different personas and can translate technical concepts for both technical and non-technical audiences.</li>
<li>You’ve been looking for a role that uses your technical knowledge, but adds a creative writing or marketing component beyond coding every day.&nbsp;</li>
<li>If this is you, we encourage you to drop a few sentences into your application or cover letter on why you’ve been seeking this type of career transition!</li>
</ul>
<p>OR</p>
<p>Marketing or Product Marketing pro. In this case, you are someone who has:</p>
<ul>
<li>2+ years of product marketing experience</li>
<li>Proven experience quickly onboarding and understanding feature-rich, developer tool software products; or previous experience marketing for database or databases management tools.</li>
<li>Demonstrated success with cross-team alignment, messaging, and enablement for supporting existing and future product/feature launches.&nbsp;</li>
<li>You're empathetic to the needs of different personas and can translate technical concepts for both technical and non-technical audiences.</li>
<li>Analytical mindset, comfortable interpreting product metrics or market data</li>
<li>Bonus Skills: Familiarity with open source ecosystems or products.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Skills Can Be Learned, But Passion Can't:</strong> Don't worry if your resume doesn't tick every box. In this role, we value a passion for databases, and strong writing or marketing skills. If you're a quick learner with the drive to succeed, we encourage you to apply.</p>
<p><strong>About DBeaver:</strong></p>
<p>DBeaver Corporation provides a full-featured data solution that easily adapts to users' needs, from open-source tools, to all-in-one enterprise software. Our mission is to make it possible for all kinds of people and organizations to leverage all kinds of data. &nbsp;</p>
<p>We are committed to creating a diverse and inclusive workplace where everyone feels welcomed and valued. If you are looking for an opportunity to join a collaborative and supportive team, we invite you to apply today.</p>