<div class="content-intro"><h2><span data-sheets-root="1">About Wolt</span></h2>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">At Wolt, we create technology that brings joy, simplicity and earnings to the neighborhoods of the world. In 2014 we started with delivery of restaurant food. Now we’re building the delivery of (almost) everything and you’ll find us in over 500 cities in 30 countries around the world. In 2022 we joined forces with DoorDash and together we keep on dreaming big and expanding across the globe.<br><br>Working at Wolt isn’t always easy, but it’s definitely exciting. Here you’ll learn more, build more, and ship more than in most other companies. You’ll be challenged a lot, but also have a lot of fun on the way. So, if you’re a self-starter with drive and entrepreneurial spirit, this could be the ride of your life.</span></p></div><p><em>Calling all team-players - are you looking for a flexible role that could shape the future of retail? If so, then let’s talk!&nbsp;&nbsp;</em><br><br>We are currently looking for a Grocery Store Assistant (or Grocery Associate, as we call them) to join our awesome team in the San Gwann Wolt Market! 🤩</p>
<p><em>Please note that this is a Full-time position (40<strong>&nbsp;hours per week</strong>&nbsp;for&nbsp;<strong>rotating shifts </strong>during our <strong>store's opening hours</strong>)</em></p>
<h2><strong>What you’ll be doing&nbsp;</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Taking in orders through our Merchant app</li>
<li>Picking and packing groceries, and handing them to customers and courier partners</li>
<li>Unloading food and supplies that we receive from vendors</li>
<li>Managing our internal systems which include precise information about nutrients and allergens</li>
<li>Maintaining order and cleanliness of the store</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Our humble expectations</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>You are proactive and a fast learner with the ability to multitask</li>
<li>You’ll work in flexible shifts in both morning and evening shifts across weekdays and weekends&nbsp;- our&nbsp;store is open 7 days a week. The working hours are from <strong>6:45AM until 01AM</strong>, so you'll need to have a transportation to commute during early morning and late evening hours. We require flexibility to work across all our working hours, including weekends and public holidays.</li>
<li>Experience from working in a grocery store is an advantage!</li>
<li>You have a full professional proficiency in English</li>
<li>You have the right to work in Malta and are already located in&nbsp;the country</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>What you’ll get by joining us</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Minimum 24 days of vacation per year</li>
<li>Wolt credits cashback benefit</li>
<li>Employee assistance program</li>
<li>Wolt-wide training programs</li>
<li>Team budgets per year - to spend for dinners and activities with your colleagues</li>
<li>Fruits and drinks at the Wolt Market</li>
</ul>
<p>If you are excited about working in a high-growth environment, taking ownership, and being part of an extremely ambitious team, then click below to apply and get the conversation going!</p>
<p>We will be reviewing applications on an on-going basis, so send through your application along with your CV as soon as possible! 💙</p>
<p><iframe src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/dob25eOXkyA" width="560" height="314"></iframe></p><div class="content-conclusion"><h2><span data-sheets-root="1">Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion</span></h2>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">We’re committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. That’s why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.</span></p></div>