<h3><strong>About Stripe</strong></h3>
<p>Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies—from the world’s largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyone’s reach while doing the most important work of your career.</p>
<h3><strong>About the team</strong></h3>
<p>Growth Marketing is a team of performance-driven marketers and channel specialists. We partner closely with growth, creative, analytics and regional marketing to drive revenue through self-serve and sales motions. We work globally, across all Stripe offerings and with all company segments - from startups to the largest enterprises.</p>
<h2><strong>What you’ll do</strong></h2>
<p>Stripe is seeking an SEO to lead the SEO strategy for Stripe Docs, in close partnership with the Global SEO Lead. This individual will play a key role in growing the SEO channel by developing and executing efforts to increase Stripe’s revenue and visibility. The scope includes on-site optimization, content development, international SEO, and technical SEO.</p>
<p>While the ideal candidate is well-versed in all SEO disciplines, sensibilities around user-experience, design, engineering, copywriting, data, product management, and marketing are also required. In this role, you will work closely with cross-functional partners, including Growth Marketing, Product Marketing, Content Marketing, Engineering, Developer Relations, Design, Product, and Analytics.&nbsp;</p>
<h3><strong>Responsibilities</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li><strong>On-site optimization:</strong> enhance the website’s content and structure to improve search engine rankings and user experience.</li>
<li><strong>International SEO:</strong> develop strategies to optimize the website for multiple countries and languages, driving global visibility and engagement.</li>
<li><strong>Technical SEO:</strong> address backend improvements to ensure the website is compatible and optimized for search engine technologies and LLM agents.</li>
<li><strong>Roadmap development:</strong> develop strategic plans outlining key SEO initiatives and timelines to achieve short-term and long-term objectives.</li>
<li><strong>Performance reporting:</strong> analyze and report on KPIs to track progress and identify opportunities for further enhancement.</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Who you are</strong></h2>
<p>We’re looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.</p>
<h3><strong>Minimum requirements</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>4+ years of experience crafting and executing SEO strategies.</li>
<li>Motivated self-starter with high attention to detail, strong follow-through, and the ability to problem-solve independently and carry out tasks with autonomy.</li>
<li>Tech savvy and cognizant of developments in technology/fintech.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Deep expertise in researching and interpreting search queries for developer audiences.</li>
<li>Basic experience with HTML, CSS, and other web programming acumens.</li>
<li>Deep expertise in all disciplines of SEO, including technical, on-site, and off-site SEO.</li>
<li>Ability to develop and prioritize content roadmaps to build net new pages that drive incremental business performance.</li>
<li>Data-driven, and results-oriented leader that’s proficient in B2B and SEO performance data.</li>
<li>Proven track record of building scalable systems to successfully execute SEO plans.</li>
<li>Deep expertise in IA and site architecture.</li>
<li>Ability to develop exhaustive creative briefs for cross-functional execution.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Excellent communication, presentation, and soft skills (written and verbal) to effectively evangelize and educate on SEO internally.</li>
<li>Strong cross-functional collaborator with the ability to build relationships and simplify complex topics for partners. Must possess intermediate sensibilities in user-experience, design, engineering, copywriting, conversion rate optimization, data, product management, and marketing</li>
<li>Ability to develop and prioritize roadmaps that successfully deliver on business objectives.</li>
<li>Excellent international SEO skills.</li>
<li>Strong experience creating performance reporting and measuring success.</li>
<li>Ability to work extensively in Google Drive apps (Docs, Sheets, Slides), Excel, Looker, Tableau, Google Analytics and other reporting software.</li>
<li>Experience managing stakeholders, with the ability to handle multiple work streams and requests from a variety of stakeholders, balancing each of them to deliver on the true north objectives of the channel and business.</li>
<li>Strong experience using a variety of SEO tools, including Google Search Console, Google Keyword Planner, SEMRush, and ScreamingFrog.</li>
<li>Proficient in professional English literacy.</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>Preferred qualifications</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Experience crafting SEO strategies to acquire technical users (i.e. engineers) and/or partnering closely with Developer Marketing or Developer Relations is highly preferred.</li>
<li>In-house, enterprise SEO experience is highly preferred.</li>
<li>Intermediate software engineering background.</li>
<li>Experience in the following industries: payments, fintech, billing, accounting, tax, startups, enterprise business, and platforms.</li>
<li>Experience optimizing YouTube video content for search.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Multilingual literacy is advantageous in any of: German, French, Japanese, Italian, and/or Spanish.</li>
<li>Experience with localization / translation.</li>
<li>B2B experience.</li>
<li>SQL experience and ability to gather data.</li>
<li>Experience with telemetry and web analytics.</li>
<li>Bachelor's degree or 4 years relevant experience.</li>
</ul>