<div class="content-intro"><div>
<p>We’re a fast-growing tech scale-up with $36M in funding, revolutionizing the modern internet with cutting-edge solutions that drive mass-adoption.&nbsp;We already work with major brands such as Uber, Amazon, North Face, Temu, Lego, BMW, North Face and 100’s more. Our secret? Removing all blockchain and crypto complexities that are barriers to creating user-friendly applications solving real-world use-cases. Our investors include Multicoin, Circle Ventures, Animoca, Valor, Alliance DAO, and more. With a community of over 1M followers across all socials and a CEO who has been featured on the NYSE and NASDAQ, we believe we are only at the beginning of making XION a global brand.</p>
</div>
<div>-- -- -- -- -- -- -- --</div></div><p>We are looking for a high-functioning psychopath to help bring the next wave of hybrid web2/3 applications.</p>
<p>You will be joining a team of top-tier self-selected sado-masochists, who work here because they can’t really work anywhere else. We value rapid communication and direct feedback, both internal and external. Breakneck pace shipping, autonomy and ownership, and constant experimentation are table stakes. Apologies in advance.</p>
<p><strong>What Sparks Your Enthusiasm</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Shipping nonsense to billions of users</li>
<li>That point of a futile debugging session where you start to question your sanity and everything becomes hilarious</li>
<li>Finding interesting/troubling ways to solve engineering problems</li>
<li>“Huh, that’s weird”, gives you a sense of giddy panic</li>
<li>A constant feeling like your spinal column has been struck by lightning</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>What Turns You Away</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>“It works on my machine”</li>
<li>“The user should be able to figure it out”</li>
<li>“That isn’t my problem”</li>
<li>Feeling generally calm and in control of the situation</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Requirements:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Typescript</li>
<li>React</li>
<li>Self-destructive tendencies</li>
<li>CSS Frameworks (Tailwind, MUI, etc.)</li>
<li>Medically significant but non-terminal caffeine addiction</li>
<li>Experience with Git/Github in a distributed team</li>
<li>Experience integrating with REST/GraphQL/GRPC APIs</li>
<li>Security Minded</li>
<li>Comfort in a young, chaotic, rapidly evolving small team startup environment</li>
<li>Ability to pick up and learn new stacks and tools on zero notice</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Nice to haves:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Cosm.js or Web3.js experience, general experience developing with crypto focused javascript libraries.</li>
<li>Experience with NPM release best practices</li>
<li>Experience working with and configuring bundlers (Webpack, Vite, etc.)</li>
<li>Experience with browser and mobile data storage, ie LocalStorage, SQLite</li>
<li>Performance conscious development, as the majority of the global user base is on mobile phones</li>
<li>Integration and unit testing experience</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Day-to-Day Responsibilities:</strong></p>
<p>Actual:&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>Desperate banging on keyboard</li>
<li>Ripping hair out over encoding errors</li>
<li>Not learning from previous mistakes about encoding errors</li>
<li>Ripping hair out over encoding errors</li>
</ul>
<p>Formal:</p>
<ul>
<li><strong>Design Implementation:</strong> Work closely with the design team to bring concepts to life, using provided designs as a foundation while exercising autonomy in execution.</li>
<li><strong>Feature Development:</strong> Take ownership of features from planning to release, including scoping, task management, and prioritization.</li>
<li><strong>Documentation Analysis:</strong> Research and review available documentation to guide development, navigating and interpreting scarce or ambiguous resources.</li>
<li><strong>Testing and Debugging:</strong> Conduct thorough testing and extensive debugging to ensure high-quality deliverables, iterating through multiple cycles as needed.</li>
<li><strong>Collaboration:</strong> Engage with the protocol team to facilitate smooth integration of features, providing technical guidance and feedback.</li>
<li><strong>Continuous Improvement:</strong> Participate in the release process, ensuring stability and performance, and contribute to ongoing improvements and refinements.</li>
</ul>
<p>Cultural:</p>
<ul>
<li>Take on new features or bug fixes, with full ownership</li>
<li>Scoff at the lack of documentation in our field</li>
<li>“Reverse engineer” protocol level … stuff… to integrate into client</li>
<li>Debug, debug, debug</li>
<li>Release and iterate</li>
</ul>