Client Platform is an R&D studio that empowers hundreds of client developers to work efficiently on performance and stability in the Spotify apps, ultimately enabling them to deliver an awesome experience to Spotify users.

We make this happen by providing observability and tools that collect performance and stability measurements and data, serving it to the feature squads in a clear and actionable way. We collaborate closely with our internal customers to understand needs and build a platform that fits. At times, we team up directly with feature squads to integrate our tooling and use it to identify and implement improvements directly in the app.

Right now we are working on our next generation observability platform, which will gather different observations from the clients into one view, enabling engineers to understand what is happening at any given time, to find bottlenecks and better act on bugs and regressions.

## What You'll Do

- Develop tooling for measuring and acting on quality and stability related issues
- Work across the stack, including gathering the right information in the Android client, processing and aggregating the data in the backend, and presenting it in Backstage.
- Occasionally perform  deep-dive Android profiling, including system tracing, memory analysis, and app startup optimization, to identify and resolve performance bottlenecks.
- Act as an expert of quality and performance, and proactively find opportunities to improve awareness, attribution, and actionability of quality issues.
- Become a developer advocate improving technical communications with client developers within Spotify and foster a deeper understanding to their problems and needs.
- Innovate at a high pace to support development at scale.

## Who You Are

- Experienced Software Engineer, specialising in Android development, and are open to working across different platforms.
- You have experience in designing and building distributed services in Java/Kotlin.
- You are familiar with agile practices, testing methodologies, and CI/CD.
- You are comfortable working with BQ, data analysis, and SQL queries in order to make data-driven decisions.

## Where You'll Be

- This role is based in London or Stockholm
- We offer you the flexibility to work where you work best! There will be some in person meetings, but still allows for flexibility to work from home.

Spotify is an equal opportunity employer. You are welcome at Spotify for who you are, no matter where you come from, what you look like, or what’s playing in your headphones. Our platform is for everyone, and so is our workplace. The more voices we have represented and amplified in our business, the more we will all thrive, contribute, and be forward-thinking! So bring us your personal experience, your perspectives, and your background. It’s in our differences that we will find the power to keep revolutionizing the way the world listens.

At Spotify, we are passionate about inclusivity and making sure our entire recruitment process is accessible to everyone. We have ways to request reasonable accommodations during the interview process and help assist in what you need. If you need accommodations at any stage of the application or interview process, please let us know - we’re here to support you in any way we can.

Spotify transformed music listening forever when we launched in 2008. Our mission is to unlock the potential of human creativity by giving a million creative artists the opportunity to live off their art and billions of fans the chance to enjoy and be passionate about these creators. Everything we do is driven by our love for music and podcasting. Today, we are the world’s most popular audio streaming subscription service.