<div class="content-intro"><p>ZoomInfo is where careers accelerate. We move fast, think boldly, and empower you to do the best work of your life. You’ll be surrounded by teammates who care deeply, challenge each other, and celebrate wins. With tools that amplify your impact and a culture that backs your ambition, you won’t just contribute. You’ll make things happen–fast.</p></div><p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>The <strong>Senior Revenue Accountan</strong>t serves as a key player and technical expert, overseeing complex revenue transactions and month end close for the revenue accounting team. In addition, this role will help lead the company through various elements of transformation as we continue our rapid growth, including streamlining processes to close our books faster, scaling of financial systems and other workflows, and ensuring adherence to U.S. GAAP.&nbsp;&nbsp;</p>
<h4><strong>What You'll Do:</strong></h4>
<ul>
<li>Assist with month-end close and GL account reconciliations, as assigned</li>
<li>Prepare ad hoc revenue analytics and reporting.</li>
<li>Prepare monthly revenue analysis report for management.</li>
<li>Draft footnote support for audited financial statements.</li>
<li>Assist with annual audit.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Direct the accounting review of contracts with customers, ensuring proper documentation under ASC 606 and that any nonstandard findings are properly documented and accounted for.</li>
<li>Assist management with maintaining and implementing accounting policies and procedures, especially as they relate to revenue and commission transactions.</li>
<li>Help with the review of technical revenue accounting items, including the drafting of policy memos. Areas of exposure will include review of contracts with customers, contract modification treatment, third-party arrangements, and variable consideration.</li>
<li>Prepare and review journal entries</li>
<li>Work closely with the customer success and sales teams on contract questions and modifications</li>
<li>Train team members on technical revenue accounting and ZoomInfo practices and policies</li>
<li>Other work as assigned by your manager or leadership.</li>
<li>The information in this job description represents a summary of the role and is not intended to be a comprehensive list of job duties. Responsibilities and duties of the position may change without notice at the Company’s discretion.</li>
</ul>
<h4>&nbsp;</h4>
<h4><strong>What You Bring:</strong></h4>
<h4><strong>Education and Qualification</strong></h4>
<ul>
<li>Bachelor's Degree in Accounting or Finance required; CPA strongly preferred</li>
<li>3+ years of Accounting related work experience&nbsp;</li>
<li>Expertise in US GAAP, SEC reporting requirements, and internal controls</li>
<li>Strong understanding of ASC 606</li>
<li>Advanced proficiency in Excel, Tableau, and other financial systems, including experience leading system implementations</li>
<li>Demonstrated experience managing and developing staff</li>
<li>Strong project management skills with ability to lead cross-functional initiatives</li>
<li>Strategic thinking with ability to understand broader business implications.</li>
<li>Excellent written and verbal communication skills, including ability to present complex information to various stakeholders</li>
<li>Strong analytical and problem-solving capabilities</li>
<li>Demonstrated ability to build and maintain relationships across all levels of the organization</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Helpful to Have (Preferred Qualifications)</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Big 4 or large regional public accounting experience</li>
<li>Experience with SAP or other major ERP systems</li>
<li>Familiarity with Salesforce</li>
<li>Experience in a publicly traded company</li>
<li>Experience accounting for multiple-element arrangements</li>
<li>Basic understanding of SQL and database structure</li>
<li>Familiarity with prompt engineering and building automated workflows utilizing AI</li>
</ul>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">#LI-JH1&nbsp;</span><span style="font-weight: 400;">#LI-Remote</span></p>
<div class="description">
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>Actual compensation offered will be based on factors such as the candidate’s work location, qualifications, skills, experience and/or training. Your recruiter can share more information about the specific salary range for your desired work location during the hiring process. We want our employees and their families to thrive.</p>
<p>In addition to comprehensive benefits we offer holistic mind, body and lifestyle programs designed for overall well-being. Learn more about ZoomInfo benefits&nbsp;<a class="c-link" href="https://www.zoominfo.com/careers#benefits" data-stringify-link="https://www.zoominfo.com/careers#benefits" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">here</a>.</p>
</div>
<div class="title">Below is the US base salary for this position. Additional compensation such as Bonus, Commission, Equity and other benefits may also apply.</div>
<div class="pay-range">$95,200<span class="divider">—</span>$125,000 USD</div>
<div class="pay-range">&nbsp;</div>
<div class="pay-range">&nbsp;</div><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>About us:</strong>&nbsp;</p>
<p>ZoomInfo (NASDAQ: GTM) is the Go-To-Market Intelligence Platform that empowers businesses to grow faster with AI-ready insights, trusted data, and advanced automation. Its solutions provide more than 35,000 companies worldwide with a complete view of their customers, making every seller their best seller.</p>
<p>ZoomInfo is committed to protecting your privacy when you apply for jobs with us. Please review our Job Applicant <a href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1yiG-k0YX\_sW10PiJk\_xliDc3W-veJCrK/view?usp=drive\_link">Privacy Notice</a> for more details on how we handle your personal information.</p>
<p>ZoomInfo may use a software-based assessment as part of the recruitment process. More information about this tool, including the results of the most recent bias audit, is available <a href="https://www.zoominfo.com/legal/nyc-local-law-144-notice">here</a>.</p>
<p>ZoomInfo is proud to be an equal opportunity employer, hiring based on qualifications, merit, and business needs, and does not discriminate based on protected status. We welcome all applicants and are committed to providing equal employment opportunities regardless of sex, race, age, color, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, disability status, religion, protected military or veteran status, medical condition, or any other characteristic protected by applicable law. We also consider qualified candidates with criminal histories in accordance with legal requirements.</p>
<p>For Massachusetts Applicants: It is unlawful in Massachusetts to require or administer a lie detector test as a condition of employment or continued employment. An employer who violates this law shall be subject to criminal penalties and civil liability. ZoomInfo does not administer lie detector tests to applicants in any location.</p></div>