<div class="content-intro"><h3>ABOUT TIDE</h3>
<p>At Tide we help SMEs save time (and money) in the running of their businesses by not only offering business accounts and related banking services, but also a comprehensive set of highly usable and connected administrative solutions from invoicing to accounting.</p>
<p>Tide is transforming the small business banking market with over 1.8 million members globally across the UK, India, Germany and France.</p>
<p>Using advanced technology, all solutions are designed with SMEs in mind. With quick onboarding, low fees and innovative features, we thrive on making data-driven decisions to serve our mission: to help SMEs save both time (and money) so they can get back to doing what they love.</p>
<p><strong>Tide facts:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Tide is available for UK, Indian, German and French SMEs</li>
<li>Over 1.8 million members: 800,000 UK and 1,000,000 in India and growing rapidly</li>
<li>Over $300 million raised in funding</li>
<li>Over 2,500 Tideans globally - we’re diversity champions!</li>
<li>We have offices in Central London, with a member support and technology centre in Sofia, Bulgaria, technology centres in Serbia, Romania, Lithuania and Hyderabad and offices in Gurugram and New Delhi, and in Berlin, Paris and Luxembourg.</li>
</ul></div><p><strong>ABOUT THE TEAM:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>The UK Partnerships team, part of the Member Accession Marketing function, plays a crucial role in Tide’s growth strategy by acquiring new members through strategic partnerships across sectors such as accountancy, financial services, and business communities.<br><br></p>
<h3>About the Role:</h3>
<p>We’re looking for a dynamic, data-driven, and commercially-minded Partnerships Manager to identify, onboard, manage and scale partnerships that fuel Tide’s growth in the UK. You’ll work cross-functionally, build strong external relationships, and use data to refine strategies that drive measurable business outcomes.</p>
<p><strong>Core requirements:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Role split: 50% Business Development + 50% partner deal execution (and operation)</li>
<li>Background: Fintech, SME banking, Strong partnerships background within fast-paced scale-up.</li>
<li>Partner development scope: Lead partnerships across key verticals - identify, size, prioritise, and execute opportunities</li>
<li>Operational support: Provide support on strategic deals as needed</li>
<li>Marketing acumen: A strong understanding of core marketing principles, enabling the successful onboarding, activation, and ongoing growth of partnerships.</li>
<li>Commercial capability: Basic forecasting and financial modelling skills required</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>KPIs:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Pipeline &amp; Conversion: Leads, meetings, and opportunities generated; conversion rates across stages; pipeline value and forecast accuracy</li>
<li>Impact: new customers acquired</li>
<li>Partnership Quality: Partner activation, performance, deal cycle time</li>
<li>Deal Execution &amp; Operational Support. Number and value of deals executed from owned pipeline; onboarding support and execution assistance on strategic deals as needed<br><br></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Other requirements:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Consistently delivers projects while supporting the team and setting clear expectations</li>
<li>Proficient in using CRM tools to manage complex pipelines and provide actionable insights into partnership performance</li>
<li>Translates general direction into structured work plans and proposes prioritisation</li>
<li>Optimises execution; identifies inefficiencies</li>
<li>Identifies root causes, defines trade-offs, and turns insights into practical solutions</li>
<li>Operates effectively in ambiguity and reduces uncertainty for others</li>
<li>Develops clear, compelling narratives and presents complex topics accessibly</li>
<li>Acts as a key stakeholder; capable of leading cross-functional initiatives</li>
<li>Proactively seeks and gives constructive feedback; integrates diverse perspectives</li>
<li>Embodies company values and makes decisions based on highest impact<br><br></li>
</ul>
<h3>What You’ll Get in Return:</h3>
<ul>
<li>Remote-first work setup with flexibility to work from anywhere in Bulgaria.</li>
<li>Competitive salary and performance-based incentives.</li>
<li>25 days of paid leave, plus 3 learning or volunteering days.</li>
<li>Access to health and wellness benefits.</li>
<li>Opportunity to work in a purpose-driven and inclusive global team.<br><br></li>
</ul>
<h3>TIDEAN WAYS OF WORKING</h3>
<p>At Tide, we champion a <strong>flexible workplace </strong>model that<strong> </strong>supports both in-person and remote work to cater to the specific needs of our different teams.&nbsp;</p>
<p>While remote work is supported, we believe in the power of face-to-face interactions to foster team spirit and collaboration. Our offices are designed as hubs for innovation and team-building, where we encourage regular in-person gatherings to foster a strong sense of community.</p><div class="content-conclusion"><h3>TIDE IS A PLACE FOR EVERYONE</h3>
<p>At Tide, we believe that we can only succeed if we let our differences enrich our culture. Our Tideans come from a variety of backgrounds and experience levels. We consider everyone irrespective of their ethnicity, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, family or parental status, national origin, veteran, neurodiversity or differently-abled status. We celebrate diversity in our workforce as a cornerstone of our success. Our commitment to a broad spectrum of ideas and backgrounds is what enables us to build products that resonate with our members’ diverse needs and lives.&nbsp;</p>
<p>We are One Team and foster a transparent and inclusive environment, where everyone’s voice is heard.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><em>At Tide, we thrive on diversity, embracing various backgrounds and experiences. We welcome all individuals regardless of ethnicity, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, or disability. Our inclusive culture is key to our success, helping us build products that meet our members' diverse needs. We are One Team, committed to transparency and ensuring everyone’s voice is heard.</em></p>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section">&nbsp;</div>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section"><strong>Disclaimer</strong></div>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section">&nbsp;</div>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section"><em>It has come to our attention that individuals or agencies are falsely claiming to represent Tide and are reaching out to candidates regarding job opportunities. Please be aware that:</em></div>
<ul class="p-rich\_text\_list p-rich\_text\_list\_\_bullet p-rich\_text\_list--nested" data-stringify-type="unordered-list" data-list-tree="true" data-indent="0" data-border="0">
<li style="font-style: italic;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><em>Tide does&nbsp;<strong data-stringify-type="bold">not</strong>&nbsp;charge any fees at any stage of the recruitment process.</em></li>
<li style="font-style: italic;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><em>All official Tide job opportunities are listed exclusively on our&nbsp;<a href="https://www.tide.co/careers/" target="\_blank"><strong data-stringify-type="bold">Careers Page</strong></a>&nbsp;and applications should be submitted through this channel.</em></li>
<li style="font-style: italic;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><em>Communication from Tide will only come from an official&nbsp;<strong data-stringify-type="bold">@tide</strong><strong data-stringify-type="bold">.co</strong>&nbsp;email address.</em></li>
<li style="font-style: italic;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><em>Tide does not work with agencies or recruiters without prior formal engagement, and we do not authorize third parties to make job offers on our behalf.</em></li>
</ul>
<p><em>If you are contacted by anyone misrepresenting Tide or requesting payment, please treat it as fraudulent and report it to us immediately at <a href="mailto:talent@tide.co" target="\_blank">talent@tide.co</a><br>Your safety and trust are important to us, and we are committed to ensuring a fair and transparent recruitment process.</em></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><em><em data-stringify-type="italic">Tide leverages AI to enhance our hiring experience. You can read more about how we use AI in our recruitment process in our <a href="https://assets.ctfassets.net/3h69mkdgxn20/5MFtWSdG8YLKq3jZkK52NY/3f18633073e6cdbd03bba4b9791c64f4/Using\_AI\_throughout\_the\_Hiring\_Process.pdf" target="\_blank">AI Policy</a>.</em></em></p>
<p><em><em data-stringify-type="italic">Your personal data will be processed by Tide for recruitment purposes and in accordance with </em><em data-stringify-type="italic"><a class="c-link" href="https://assets.ctfassets.net/3h69mkdgxn20/4TE0uAE3SXomATDVneocNA/aa31893960b4064dd406ad15d029dcd3/Recruitment\_Privacy\_Notice.pdf" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://assets.ctfassets.net/3h69mkdgxn20/1MYf6q4ZMWugpeaROVETBN/526e9c160a2de03576413c81657c6466/Recruitment\_Privacy\_Notice\_\_Final\_Draft\_\_Sep\_2024\_.pdf" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">Tide's Recruitment Privacy Notice</a></em><em data-stringify-type="italic">.</em></em></p></div>