<p>Canonical is a leading provider of open source software and operating systems to the global enterprise and technology markets. Our platform, Ubuntu, is very widely used in breakthrough enterprise initiatives such as public cloud, data science, AI, engineering innovation, and IoT. Our customers include the world's leading public cloud and silicon providers, and industry leaders in many sectors. The company is a pioneer of global distributed collaboration, with 1200+ colleagues in 75+ countries and very few office-based roles. Teams meet two to four times yearly in person, in interesting locations around the world, to align on strategy and execution.</p>
<p>The company is founder-led, profitable, and growing.</p>
<p>Our regional Support Managers run world-class Support teams – solving deep technical problems for customers around the world on Ubuntu Server, Ubuntu Desktop and on the public cloud. They demonstrate two key attributes: customer focus – ensuring that customers are always satisfied with the service they are receiving, and technical excellence – ensuring that the support team is always up to date with the our technology, and that they perform sound and quick troubleshooting. We are looking for managers for both of our support groups; Cloud Support Group and Devices Support Group.</p>
<p>You'll need to be comfortable in a fast paced environment, able to take responsibility for delivering to customers and enjoy challenges. You will also need to care deeply about your team, their skills, and their career development.</p>
<h2><strong>The role entails</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Management of a professional support team, including skills development and performance management</li>
<li>Operational control, shift scheduling, accountability for key performance indicators (KPIs)</li>
<li>Ensures that all customer cases are responded to within the SLA, and in a professional manner</li>
<li>Act as the customer escalation contact, and ensure that such escalations are addressed appropriately</li>
<li>Accountability for customer satisfaction</li>
<li>Contribution to the support knowledge base</li>
<li>Continuous improvement to the team's processes and support service delivery</li>
<li>Hire, develop and train support team to match business requirements</li>
<li>Work with the leadership team to drive growth and transformation initiatives</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>What are we looking for in you</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Extensive CLI experience with Linux at a technical level (Support, Development, Implementation)</li>
<li>Leadership experience, and preferably team management experience</li>
<li>Confidence under pressure, with proven track record of high customer focus</li>
<li>Preferably fluent in two languages, English being primary one</li>
<li>Excellent communication skills (verbal and written)</li>
<li>Experience or knowledge of Linux Desktop, OpenStack, Public Cloud or Virtualization technologies</li>
<li>Proven track record of contributing to Open Source projects</li>
<li>Software development experience</li>
<li>Experience in working in support organizations</li>
<li>Hands on experience with Canonical's products</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>What we offer colleagues</strong></h2>
<p>We consider geographical location, experience, and performance in shaping compensation worldwide. We revisit compensation annually (and more often for graduates and associates) to ensure we recognise outstanding performance. In addition to base pay, we offer a performance-driven annual bonus or commission. We provide all team members with additional benefits, which reflect our values and ideals. We balance our programs to meet local needs and ensure fairness globally.</p>
<ul>
<li>Distributed work environment with twice-yearly team sprints in person</li>
<li>Personal learning and development budget of USD 2,000 per year</li>
<li>Annual compensation review</li>
<li>Recognition rewards</li>
<li>Annual holiday leave</li>
<li>Maternity and paternity leave</li>
<li>Employee Assistance Programme</li>
<li>Opportunity to travel to new locations to meet colleagues</li>
<li>Priority Pass, and travel upgrades for long haul company events</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>About Canonical</strong></h3>
<p>Canonical is a pioneering tech firm at the forefront of the global move to open source. As the company that publishes Ubuntu, one of the most important open source projects and the platform for AI, IoT and the cloud, we are changing the world of software. We recruit on a global basis and set a very high standard for people joining the company. We expect excellence - in order to succeed, we need to be the best at what we do. Most colleagues at Canonical have worked from home since its inception in 2004.​ Working here is a step into the future, and will challenge you to think differently, work smarter, learn new skills, and raise your game.</p>
<p><strong>Canonical is an equal opportunity employer</strong></p>
<p>We are proud to foster a workplace free from discrimination. Diversity of experience, perspectives, and background create a better work environment and better products.<a href="https://canonical.com/careers/diversity/identity"> Whatever your identity, we will give your application fair consideration.</a></p>
<p>#LI-remote</p>