<div class="content-intro"><p>Celonis is the global leader in Process Intelligence and the pioneer of Process Mining technology. As one of the world’s fastest-growing enterprise SaaS companies, we are changemakers pushing the boundaries of what’s possible. We invest heavily in advanced AI capabilities—specifically our Process Intelligence Graph—to turn data insights into immediate business action. We believe there is a massive opportunity to unlock global productivity and sustainability by placing intelligence at the core of every business process. Join our mission to make processes work for people, companies, and the planet.</p></div><p>As the Manager of Digital IT Service, you will lead and manage our IT Service team in India. This is a critical role focused on driving operational excellence and strategic alignment across our support functions. You will be responsible for ensuring high-quality service delivery, and fostering a culture of continuous improvement and professional growth within your teams.</p>
<h3>Key Responsibilities</h3>
<h4>Leadership &amp; Performance Management</h4>
<ul>
<li>Lead and mentor the IT Service team in India, providing functional and disciplinary leadership.</li>
<li>Drive operational excellence by following and establishing clear performance metrics, SLAs, and reporting mechanisms to monitor team efficiency and service quality.</li>
<li>Conduct regular performance reviews and one-on-one meetings to guide professional development and align team goals with departmental objectives.</li>
<li>Manage team resources, including hiring, onboarding, and scaling the teams to meet business needs.</li>
</ul>
<h4>Service Delivery &amp; Reporting</h4>
<ul>
<li>Ensure the delivery of exceptional IT support for all internal customers, maintaining high levels of customer satisfaction.</li>
<li>Manage all support processes, including incident management, and service request fulfillment, ensuring adherence to global standards and policies</li>
<li>Develop and maintain comprehensive reporting on key performance indicators (KPIs), service levels (SLAs), and operational metrics.</li>
<li>Present regular performance reports and strategic insights to the Head of Global IT Service, highlighting achievements, challenges, and proposed improvements.</li>
<li>Oversee and optimize the shift schedule for extended-hours support operations, ensuring adequate coverage and resource allocation across all time zones.</li>
<li>Establish and enforce clear shift handover processes to ensure a smooth transition of ongoing issues and a consistent level of service across shifts.</li>
<li>Monitor real-time performance of shift teams, proactively addressing any operational gaps or resource constraints to maintain service continuity.</li>
</ul>
<h4>Collaboration &amp; Strategy</h4>
<ul>
<li>Actively partner with local, regional, and global teams to enhance service delivery and support the overall IT strategy.</li>
<li>Champion the adoption of new technologies and processes to improve efficiency and the user experience.</li>
<li>Lead and contribute to key Internal IT projects, ensuring successful execution and alignment with business goals.</li>
</ul>
<h4>Required Skills &amp; Experience</h4>
<ul>
<li>10+ of progressive experience in <strong>IT service management</strong> or a similar managerial role, including direct people management.</li>
<li>Proven experience in managing <strong>geographically</strong> distributed teams and driving performance improvement.</li>
<li>Very strong expertise in IT infrastructure and support, including hardware, operating systems, networking, and cloud/SaaS platforms.</li>
<li>In-depth knowledge of <strong>ITIL principles</strong> and experience using enterprise-level ticketing platforms like ServiceNow. ITIL certification is a strong plus.</li>
<li>Excellent analytical and reporting skills with the ability to define, measure, and improve service levels and operational metrics.</li>
<li>Exceptional communication and stakeholder management skills, with the ability to clearly articulate technical concepts and reports to both technical and non-technical audiences.</li>
<li>Very strong customer oriented mindset</li>
<li>Very strong independent and execution-oriented working style</li>
<li>Demonstrated ability to lead by example with a sense of urgency and ownership.</li>
<li>Fluent in written and spoken English.</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>What Celonis can offer you:</strong></p>
<ul class="p-rich\_text\_list p-rich\_text\_list\_\_bullet p-rich\_text\_list--nested" data-stringify-type="unordered-list" data-list-tree="true" data-indent="0" data-border="0">
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Pioneer Innovation:</span> Work with the global leader in Process Mining and the Process Intelligence Graph to shape the future of AI-driven business operations.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Ownership from Day 1:</span> Every full-time "Celonaut" is an owner, receiving Restricted Stock Units (RSUs) and merit-based refresh grants.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Unrivaled Family Support:</span> Benefit from our inclusive parental leave policy—24 weeks of fully paid leave for primary carers and 12 weeks for supporting carers, available from your first day of employment.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Work-Life Integration:</span> Enjoy Unlimited PTO (in applicable regions) and generous PTO globally, as well as a flexible hybrid work model that balances remote focus with vibrant office collaboration.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Continuous Growth:</span> Elevate your skills through our 70-20-10 learning framework, mentorship programs, and access to a dedicated learning platform.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Holistic Well-being:</span> Prioritize your health with subsidized Wellhub memberships, mental health counseling, and dedicated "Wellness Weeks" that prioritize work/life balance.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Drive Sustainability:</span> Participate in annual Impact Days, where you receive paid time off to volunteer for community and environmental causes with your local office, or virtually.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Global Inclusion &amp; Belonging:</span> Find community through our Inclusion Think Tank and participate in our annual Inclusion Days, ensuring every voice is heard and valued.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Value-Driven Impact:</span> Join a mission-led organization where our core values—Live for Customer Value, The Best Team Wins, We Own It, and Earth Is Our Future—drive every decision.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>About Us:</strong></p>
<p>Celonis makes processes work — for people, companies, and the planet. Powered by process mining and AI, the Celonis Process Intelligence Platform integrates process data and business context to create a living digital twin of business operations. We enable thousands of companies worldwide to understand how their business actually runs and, together with their partners, build intelligent solutions that transform and continuously improve the way they operate — unlocking billions in value. Celonis is headquartered in Munich, Germany, and New York City, USA, with more than 20 offices worldwide.</p>
<p><br>Get familiar with the Celonis Process Intelligence Platform by watching this <a href="https://academy.celonis.com/learn/video/discover-the-ems">video</a>.</p>
<p><strong>Celonis Inclusion Statement:</strong></p>
<p>At Celonis, we believe our people make us who we are and that “The Best Team Wins”. We know that the best teams are made up of people who bring different perspectives to the table. And when everyone feels included, able to speak up and knows their voice is heard - that's when creativity and innovation happen.<strong><br></strong></p>
<p><strong>Your Privacy:</strong></p>
<p>Any information you submit to Celonis as part of your application will be processed in accordance with Celonis’ <a href="https://www.celonis.com/careers/candidate-notices">Accessibility and Candidate Notices</a></p>
<p>By submitting this application, you confirm that you agree to the storing and processing of your personal data by Celonis as described in our <a href="https://www.celonis.com/careers/privacy-notice/">Privacy Notice for the Application and Hiring Process</a>.</p>
<p>Please be aware of common job offer scams, impersonators and frauds. Learn more <a href="https://www.celonis.com/careers/fraud-alert/">here</a>.</p></div>