<p>Our sales team is focused on finding efficient paths to successful, profitable, long-term customers by building a user-driven marketing and sales engine. To do so, we employ a bottom-up enterprise sales model by helping many small, successful customers evolve into larger, successful ones. We act as a key voice of the customer to the product team. We help identify and overcome technical, educational, and competitive obstacles to our continued growth.</p>
<p>We are looking for an Enterprise Account Executive to join our team who is responsible for expanding our footprint within large accounts across Switzerland. You will partner closely with Customer Success, Marketing, and Product teams to identify new revenue opportunities, mitigate churn risk, and ensure our customers get the most value from Asana’s platform.</p>
<p>This role will be instrumental in powering the Asana revenue engine through innovation &amp; energy, consistently scaling our business and maximising value for our customers. You'll join a talented team focused on helping our current &amp; future customers understand and leverage the power of Asana and work Management.&nbsp;</p>
<p>This role is fully remote in Switzerland. If you’re interviewing for this role, your recruiter will share more about this.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>What You’ll Achieve:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Proactively manage a portfolio of enterprise customers, serving as their main point of contact</li>
<li>Hunt, manage and close new &amp; existing business opportunities within your book of business</li>
<li>Develop &amp; leverage customer champions to expand usage within new teams and departments</li>
<li>Engage with executive and IT contacts to deploy Asana wall-to-wall</li>
<li>Champion productivity and collaboration enhancement within EMEA organizations through effective work management.</li>
<li>Partner closely across Sales, Marketing, Engineering, and Customer Services to coordinate in-person + virtual customer interactions.</li>
<li>Develop and execute a well-defined quarterly strategy aimed at revenue maximization for your territory.</li>
<li>Innovate and experiment with new processes that can be replicated across Asana globally.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>About You:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>6–10 years of sales experience, including 3–5 years in enterprise account expansion or customer growth.</li>
<li>Proven success selling SaaS or B2B technology solutions into large enterprise clients.</li>
<li>Experience leveraging AI-driven sales tools and modern CRM/work management platforms.</li>
<li>Excellent collaboration, communication, and stakeholder management skills.</li>
<li>Fluent in German and English</li>
<li>A passion for helping customers succeed and driving impactful outcomes.</li>
<li>Practical experience in executing and maintaining a repeatable sales process such as Sandler, MEDDIC or Challenger.</li>
<li>Demonstrated expertise in prospecting with a track record of building your own pipeline</li>
<li>Stellar customer service abilities, showcasing effective communication, empathy, and high integrity.</li>
<li>End-to-end sales-cycle management skills, from prospecting to closing.</li>
<li>Proven experience collaborating with internal marketing, business, and product teams to drive efficient, profitable, and successful customer outcomes.</li>
<li>Proactive in setting clear business goals and priorities; able to translate strategies into actionable plans. Hold yourself and others accountable for performance goals, ensuring business consistently delivers with excellence.</li>
<li>Demonstrates curiosity about AI tools and emerging technologies, with a willingness to learn and leverage them to enhance productivity, collaboration, or decision-making.</li>
</ul>
<p>At Asana, we're committed to building teams that include a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, and skills, as this is critical to helping us achieve our mission. If you're interested in this role and don't meet every listed requirement, we still encourage you to apply.</p>
<p><strong>What we’ll offer:</strong></p>
<p>Our comprehensive compensation package plays a big part in how we recognize you for the impact you have on our path to achieving our mission. We believe that compensation should be reflective of the value you create relative to the market value of your role. To ensure pay is fair and not impacted by biases, we're committed to looking at market value which is why we check ourselves and conduct a yearly pay equity audit.</p>
<p>For this role, the On-Target Earnings (OTE) range is CHF 286,00 - CHF 315,250. The total OTE includes a base salary range of CHF 157,300 - CHF 173,388 and performance-based sales incentive pay (based on the terms of the Sales Incentive Plan). These ranges are a guideline; actual base salary and OTE may vary based on various factors, including market and individual qualifications objectively assessed during the interview process, and the ranges for this role may be modified.&nbsp;</p>
<p>In addition, your compensation package may include additional components such as equity and benefits. If you're interviewing for this role, speak with your recruiter to learn more about the total compensation and benefits for this role.</p>
<p>We strive to provide equitable and competitive benefits packages that support our employees worldwide and include:</p>
<ul>
<li>Mental health, wellness &amp; fitness benefits</li>
<li>Career coaching &amp; support</li>
<li>Inclusive family building benefits</li>
<li>Long-term savings or retirement plans</li>
<li>In-office culinary options to cater to your dietary preferences&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p>These are just some of the benefits we offer, and benefits may vary based on role, country, and local regulations. If you're interviewing for this role, speak with your Talent Acquisition Partner to learn more about the total compensation and benefits for this role.</p>
<p>#LI-Hybrid</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>About us</strong></p>
<p data-pm-slice="1 1 []">Asana is a leading platform for human + AI collaboration. Millions of teams around the world rely on Asana to achieve their most important goals, faster. Asana has been named to Fortune's Best Workplaces for 7+ years and recognized by Fast Company, Forbes, and Gartner for excellence in workplace culture and innovation. We offer an exceptional office-centric culture while adopting the best elements of hybrid models to ensure that every one of our global team members can work together effortlessly. With 13+ offices all over the world, we are always looking for individuals who care about building technology that drives positive change in the world and a culture where everyone feels that they belong.</p>
<p data-pm-slice="1 1 []"><strong><a class="LinkThemeablePresentation LinkPrimaryPresentation LinkPrimaryPresentation--sentimentSelected PrimaryLink HighlightSol HighlightSol--core HighlightSol--buildingBlock" href="https://www.gem.com/form?formID=fbcdec8c-3442-43b9-9b45-d2b5f4ea25db" target="\_blank">Join Asana’s Talent Network</a></strong>&nbsp;to stay up to date on job opportunities and life at Asana.</p></div>