<p><strong>About the team:</strong></p>
<p>As a Senior Android Engineer in the Mobile Platform Squad, you’ll be part of the backbone of Mobile Engineering at SumUp. Your team is responsible for creating and maintaining the development environment that enables Mobile Developers to ship high-quality products efficiently. You’ll also provide help and guidance to SumUppers interacting with our mobile apps.</p>
<p>Our engineering culture is autonomous and driven by collaboration and innovation. You’ll connect with mobile engineers across the organization as your initiatives are far-reaching. The squad focuses on:</p>
<ul>
<li>Maintaining CI/CD pipelines for mobile projects.</li>
<li>Building tools and infrastructure to enhance the developer experience.</li>
<li>Supporting and improving the codebase across SumUp's mobile apps.</li>
<li>Driving long-term technical impact at scale across the company.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>What you’ll do:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Shape the core experience of merchants and developers interacting with SumUp’s Android ecosystem.</li>
<li>Develop and maintain tools, frameworks, and infrastructure that enhance the consistency, scalability, and reliability of our mobile apps.</li>
<li>Collaborate with cross-functional teams, including product, design, and backend, to deliver seamless experiences.</li>
<li>Work on CI/CD systems, developer tooling, and performance optimizations to streamline mobile development processes.</li>
<li>Mentor team members and provide technical guidance across projects.</li>
<li>Maintain a high bar for engineering excellence and continually raise it by introducing new technologies and best practices.</li>
<li>Own technical projects from idea to implementation, ensuring they align with business needs and technical standards.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>You’ll be great for this position if you have:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>5+ years of professional Android development experience, with expertise in Kotlin and modern Android frameworks.</li>
<li>Experienced in CI/CD pipelines, with tools like Github Actions, Fastlane, or similar platforms.</li>
<li>A deep understanding of testing methodologies and best practices, including writing unit and UI tests.</li>
<li>Experienced with modern architecture and design patterns.</li>
<li>You’re passionate about developer experience, creating tools, and improving workflows for engineers.</li>
<li>Strong collaboration skills and enjoy mentoring and guiding other engineers.</li>
<li>Experience with modularized codebases, building and maintaining internal tooling, or SDK development is a plus.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Nice to have:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Experience providing modules/SDKs to be used by other Mobile Engineers</li>
<li>Experience with Fastlane and Ruby</li>
<li>Experience Kotlin Multiplatform</li>
</ul>
<p><br><br></p>
<p><strong>Why you should join SumUp:</strong></p>
<p>🌍 Opportunity to work with SumUppers globally on large-scale fintech products used by millions of businesses worldwide, from our Cologne office. This involves an office-first setup</p>
<p>🧑‍🔬 We take learning and experimentation seriously with Hack Days every second Friday, and entire <a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FBKiVCLompk">global Hack Weeks</a>.</p>
<p>🌈 Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion: Be part of a workplace that values and promotes diversity, fostering an inclusive environment where everyone's perspectives are respected and embraced</p>
<p>📚 A dedicated annual L&amp;D budget of €2,000 for attending conferences and/or advancing your career through further education</p>
<p>🚀 Enrolment onto our VSOP program: You will own a stake in SumUp’s future success</p>
<p>💶 A corporate pension scheme where we match up to 20% of your contributions</p>
<p>🔄 30 Days Sabbatical: Enjoy the unique opportunity to take a well-deserved break with our 30 days sabbatical benefit after completing 3 years of employment with SumUp</p>
<p>🔗 Referral Bonus: Earn additional rewards by referring talented individuals to join the SumUp team</p>
<p>🚵🏾‍♂️ Numerous other benefits such as Urban Sports Club subsidy, Kita placement assistance, relocation assistance, subsidised office lunches</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><em>SumUp is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer that proudly pursues and hires a diverse workforce. SumUp does not make hiring or employment decisions on the basis of race, colour, religion or religious belief, ethnic or national origin, nationality, sex, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, disability, age or any other basis protected by applicable laws or prohibited by Company policy. SumUp also strives for a healthy and safe workplace and strictly prohibits harassment of any kind.</em></p>
<p><br><br></p>
<p><strong>About us:</strong></p>
<p>Be empowered to do more that matters.</p>
<p>At SumUp, we're on a mission to empower small businesses across the globe by providing simple and affordable tools that allow them to thrive. Today, over 4 million businesses in 36 markets rely on SumUp as their financial partner to manage payments, finance and customer relationships.</p>
<p>Our commitment to small businesses is reflected in our diverse team of over 3,000 SumUppers from over 90 nationalities, united by global collaboration and an innovative mindset. <a href="https://www.sumup.com/careers/culture/">Our core values</a> lay the foundation for who we are and what we stand for, shaping our work culture and driving our success. We foster inclusivity and a continuous learning culture, providing a safe space for personal and professional growth. Our differences make us unique and strong as we strive to create an environment where everyone belongs and feels supported, no matter how they identify.&nbsp;</p>
<p>SumUp is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity employer, actively seeking and embracing diversity in our workforce. We don't make hiring or employment decisions based on race, colour, religion or religious belief, ethnic or national origin, nationality, sex, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, disability, age or any other basis protected by applicable laws or prohibited by company policy. Our commitment extends beyond recruitment to creating a safe and respectful workplace where harassment of any form is strictly prohibited.</p>
<p>Explore career opportunities with us and join a team driven by collaboration, innovation, and a shared vision of creating a world where everyone can build a thriving business. Discover more about our vibrant and inclusive work culture and how we work on our <a href="https://www.sumup.com/careers/">careers website</a>, and follow our journey on <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/company/sumup/">LinkedIn</a> and <a href="https://www.instagram.com/insidesumup/">Instagram</a>.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>Job Application Tip</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We recognise that candidates feel they need to meet 100% of the job criteria in order to apply for a job. Please note that this is only a guide. If you don’t tick every box, it’s ok too because it means you have room to learn and develop your career at SumUp.</span></p></div>