<div class="content-intro"><p><strong>Who we are&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>At Twilio, we’re shaping the future of communications, all from the comfort of our homes. We deliver innovative solutions to<a class="c-link" href="https://customers.twilio.com/" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://customers.twilio.com/" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">&nbsp;hundreds of thousands of businesses&nbsp;</a>and empower millions of developers worldwide to craft personalized customer experiences.</p>
<p>Our dedication to <a class="c-link" href="https://www.twilio.com/en-us/blog/open-work" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://www.twilio.com/en-us/blog/open-work" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">remote-first work</a>, and strong culture of connection and global inclusion means that no matter your location, you’re part of a vibrant team with diverse experiences making a global impact each day. As we continue to revolutionize how the world interacts, we’re acquiring new skills and experiences that make work feel truly rewarding. Your career at Twilio is in your hands.<br><br>We use Artificial Intelligence (AI) to help make our hiring process efficient. That said, every hiring decision is made by real Twilions!</p>
<p><span style="color: rgb(255, 255, 255);">.</span></p></div><h3><strong>See yourself at Twilio</strong></h3>
<p>Join the team as our next Presales Engineer for our Twilio Communications EMEA team.</p>
<h3><strong>About the job</strong></h3>
<p>The Twilio Presales Engineer is both highly technical and a skilled executive relationship builder. They are comfortable showing an engaging communications experience to a CEO or sketching out a flow on a whiteboard with technical decision makers. This position is needed to deliver the technical win and product fit to our customers across the EMEA region. A Twilio Communications Solutions Engineer is an experienced pre-sales engineer who builds customer trust in Twilio’s Customer Engagement Platform.</p>
<h3><strong>Responsibilities</strong></h3>
<h4>In this role, you’ll:</h4>
<ul>
<li>Work alongside Twilio New business Account Executives, other Twilio Solutions Engineers, Professional Services and Twilio Partners as needed through the pre-sales process, to strategise and plan for deal success.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Build a successful business partnership with Twilio Account Executives focussing on great business discovery within prospects and communicating the business value of Twilio solutions.</li>
<li>Take part alongside Account Executives in qualification, discovery, demonstrations, Proof-of-Concept, RFP response, design documentation, technical presentations and enablement sessions during the sales cycle.</li>
<li>Develop subject matter expertise on the customer needs and requirements, and Twilio’s best in class communications technology.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Lead technical discovery sessions with our customers to uncover their needs and challenges to articulate Twilio’s ability to enable their success and solve their challenges.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Build and present powerful and complex presentations and product demos to help showcase the capabilities of Twilio Communications Products.</li>
<li>Form an understanding of a customers business and help solve problems they’ve identified as well as uncover areas of opportunity.</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li>Build trusted advisor relationships at the highest levels of our customers and present creative new solutions and architectures that enable and inspire innovation</li>
<li>Contribute to the wider Twilio Solutions Engineer community by sharing knowledge, building demo assets and reusable presentations.</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>Qualifications&nbsp;</strong></h3>
<p>Twilio values diverse experiences from all kinds of industries, and we encourage everyone who meets the required qualifications to apply. If your career is just starting or hasn’t followed a traditional path, don’t let that stop you from considering Twilio. We are always looking for people who will bring something new to the table!</p>
<h4><strong>\*Required:</strong></h4>
<ul>
<li>At least 5 years in a technical pre-sales role in CPaaS, SaaS or Telecom space</li>
<li>Solid understanding and experience of the sales cycle and the role of a pre-sales engineer&nbsp;</li>
<li>Solid understanding of voice protocols (VoIP), SIP implementations or messaging APIs</li>
<li>Creativity: you’ll need to be a problem solver, able to collaborate with others to drive success.&nbsp;</li>
<li>An engaging storyteller: you can gain audience confidence and communicate complex topics to multiple levels of technical and non-technical audience.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Ability to ask the right questions to build a deep understanding of a customers needs and guide them to a technical solution using Twilio Communications products&nbsp;&nbsp;</li>
<li>Knowledge of public cloud platforms (Amazon Web Services, Google Cloud, Microsoft Azure) and cloud application architectures</li>
<li>Experience writing code in one or more of the following areas, multiple areas of experience would be advantageous:</li>
<ul>
<li>Backend (Java, C#, Node.js, Python or PHP)</li>
<li>Web (JS, React)</li>
<li>Experience with designing and consuming REST APIs</li>
</ul>
</ul>
<p><strong>Desired:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Hands on experience with with backend development (Java, C#, Node.js, Python, PHP, etc)</li>
<li>Familiarity with Mobile development, especially for iOS and Android.</li>
<li>Previous experience in Telecommunications, SIP, WebRTC, or Contact Centre in a technical role</li>
<li>Experience with automation, cloud-native development and skills with a major cloud platform.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Experience with sales methodologies&nbsp;</li>
<li>Additional language speaker a plus, specifically French or Hebrew&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>Location&nbsp;</strong></h3>
<p>This role will be remote and based in the UK.&nbsp;</p>
<h3><strong>Travel</strong></h3>
<p>We prioritise connection and opportunities to build relationships with our customers and each other. For this role, approximately 35% travel is anticipated to help you connect in-person in a meaningful way.</p>
<h3><strong>What We Offer</strong></h3>
<p>Working at Twilio offers many benefits, including competitive pay, generous time off, ample parental and wellness leave, healthcare, a retirement savings program, and much more. Offerings vary by location.</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>Twilio thinks big. Do you?</strong></p>
<p>We like to solve problems, take initiative, pitch in when needed, and are always up for trying new things. That's why we seek out colleagues who embody our values — something we call <a href="https://www.twilio.com/company/values">Twilio Magic</a>. Additionally, we empower employees to build <a href="https://twilio.org/support-and-resources/impact-fund">positive change in their communities</a> by supporting their volunteering and donation efforts.</p>
<p>So, if you're ready to unleash your full potential, do your best work, and be the best version of yourself, apply now! If this role isn't what you're looking for, <a href="https://www.twilio.com/company/jobs#open-positions">please consider other open positions.</a></p>
<p><strong>Twilio is proud to be an equal opportunity employer.</strong> We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, reproductive health decisions, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, genetic information, political views or activity, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Qualified applicants with arrest or conviction records will be considered for employment in accordance with the Los Angeles County Fair Chance Ordinance for Employers and the California Fair Chance Act. Additionally, Twilio participates in the E-Verify program in certain locations, as required by law.</p></div>