<div class="content-intro"><p>Elastic, the Search AI Company, enables everyone to find the answers they need in real time, using all their data, at scale — unleashing the potential of businesses and people. The Elastic Search AI Platform, used by more than 50% of the Fortune 500, brings together the precision of search and the intelligence of AI to enable everyone to accelerate the results that matter. By taking advantage of all structured and unstructured data — securing and protecting private information more effectively — Elastic’s complete, cloud-based solutions for search, security, and observability help organizations deliver on the promise of AI.</p></div><h3><strong>What is The Role</strong></h3>
<p>We are looking for an experienced Salesforce Automation Engineer to join our IT QA Team. This role focuses on ensuring the quality of Salesforce and coordinated systems through robust QA automation and functional testing. The position is responsible for building, maintaining, and implementing automated and manual tests, collaborating closely with Agile teams, and improving overall test reliability, coverage, and efficiency across UI, API, and end-to-end workflows.</p>
<h3><strong>What You Will Be Doing</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Build, develop, and maintain comprehensive <strong>automation test strategies, test plans, and test cases</strong> for Salesforce applications.</li>
<li>Your Primary responsibility is to strengthen the Salesforce quality engineering capability by crafting and implementing scalable, enterprise-grade automation frameworks that support reliable and predictable releases.</li>
<li>You will build, improve, and maintain automation solutions using Java, Selenium WebDriver, and Cucumber BDD to ensure comprehensive test coverage across UI, business workflows, and integrations.</li>
<li>Will automate test suites into our CI/CD pipelines using GitHub Actions and DevOps standard methodologies, enabling continuous testing and accelerating time to market.</li>
<li>Validating sophisticated Salesforce business processes and user experiences through structured functional and automated testing strategies that support operational perfection.</li>
<li>Should ensure robust system integrations by implementing API automation using REST Assured and conducting endpoint validation through Postman.</li>
<li>Should apply strong testing fundamentals—including regression optimization, defect workflow management, risk-based test develop, and RCA—to continuously elevate product quality.</li>
<li>Able to demonstrate JIRA to drive clear defect tracking, execution reporting, and multi-functional visibility while encouraging accountability and continuous improvement.</li>
<li>Should collaborate with Engineering, Product, and DevOps teams to embed quality throughout the software development lifecycle and support scalable digital transformation initiatives.</li>
</ul>
<h3>What You Bring</h3>
<ul>
<li>You bring 3–5 years of dynamic experience in Automation Quality Assurance, with hands-on expertise in Salesforce testing and validation of critical business workflows.</li>
<li>You bring strong proficiency in Java and confirmed experience building and maintaining scalable automation frameworks using Selenium WebDriver and Cucumber BDD.</li>
<li>You bring practical experience integrating automated test execution within CI/CD environments, preferably GitHub Actions, along with a confirmed understanding of DevOps pipeline configuration.</li>
<li>Strong experience in API testing using REST Assured and Postman, with the ability to validate service reliability and integration stability.</li>
<li>Shown understanding in software testing principles, including test strategy development, regression planning, defect lifecycle management, and root cause analysis.</li>
<li>You bring experience using JIRA or similar tools for defect tracking, reporting, and quality metrics clarity.</li>
<li>Should have strong written and verbal communication skills in English and collaborate successfully within multi-functional, globally distributed teams.</li>
<li>Most importantly, you bring a quality-first demeanor, a dedication to continuous improvement, and to operate with ownership, accountability, and a focus on delivering high-impact, scalable solutions.</li>
</ul>
<h3>&nbsp;</h3><div class="content-conclusion"><h2><strong>Additional Information - We Take Care of Our People</strong></h2>
<p>As a distributed company, diversity drives our identity. Whether you’re looking to launch a new career or grow an existing one, Elastic is the type of company where you can balance great work with great life. Your age is only a number. It doesn’t matter if you’re just out of college or your children are; we need you for what you can do.</p>
<p>We strive to have parity of benefits across regions and while regulations differ from place to place, we believe taking care of our people is the right thing to do.</p>
<ul>
<li>Competitive pay based on the work you do here and not your previous salary</li>
<li>Health coverage for you and your family in many locations</li>
<li>Ability to craft your calendar with flexible locations and schedules for many roles</li>
<li>Generous number of vacation days each year</li>
<li>Increase your impact - We match up to $2000 (or local currency equivalent) for financial donations and service</li>
<li>Up to 40 hours each year to use toward volunteer projects you love</li>
<li>Embracing parenthood with minimum of 16 weeks of parental leave</li>
</ul>
<p>Different people approach problems differently. We need that. Elastic is an equal opportunity employer and is committed to creating an inclusive culture that celebrates different perspectives, experiences, and backgrounds. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, ethnicity, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender perception or identity, national origin, age, marital status, protected veteran status, disability status, or any other basis protected by federal, state or local law, ordinance or regulation.</p>
<p>We welcome individuals with disabilities and strive to create an accessible and inclusive experience for all individuals. To request an accommodation during the application or the recruiting process, please email <a href="mailto:candidate\_accessibility@elastic.co" target="\_blank">candidate\_accessibility@elastic.co</a><span class="gmail\_default">.</span>&nbsp;We will reply to your request within 24 business hours of submission.</p>
<p><span style="color: #000000;">Applicants have rights under Federal Employment Laws, view posters linked below:</span> <a href="https://www.dol.gov/sites/dolgov/files/WHD/legacy/files/fmlaen.pdf" target="\_blank">Family and Medical Leave Act (FMLA)</a> <span style="color: #000000;">Poster;</span><span style="color: #000000;">&nbsp;<a href="https://www.dol.gov/sites/dolgov/files/ofccp/pdf/pay-transp\_%20English\_formattedESQA508c.pdf" target="\_blank">Pay Transparency Nondiscrimination Provision</a> Poster; </span><a href="https://www.dol.gov/sites/dolgov/files/WHD/legacy/files/eppabw.pdf" target="\_blank">Employee Polygraph Protection Act (EPPA)</a> <span style="color: #000000;">Poster and <a href="https://www.dol.gov/sites/dolgov/files/OFCCP/regs/compliance/posters/pdf/22-088\_EEOC\_KnowYourRights.pdf" target="\_blank">Know Your Rights</a> (Poster)</span></p>
<p><span style="color: #000000;">Elasticsearch develops and distributes technology and information that is subject to U.S. and other countries’ export controls and licensing requirements for individuals who are located in or are nationals of the following sanctioned countries and regions: Belarus, Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Syria, or Russia, including the Ukrainian territories annexed by Russia (The Crimea region of Ukraine, The Donetsk People's Republic (DNR), The Luhansk People's Republic (LNR), Kherson or Zaporizhzhia). If you are located in or are a national of one of the listed countries or regions, an export license may be required as a condition of your employment in this role. Please note that national origin and/or nationality do not affect eligibility for employment with Elastic.</span></p>
<p>Please see&nbsp;<a href="https://www.elastic.co/legal/applicant-privacy-statement" target="\_blank" data-saferedirecturl="https://www.google.com/url?q=https://www.elastic.co/legal/applicant-privacy-statement&amp;source=gmail&amp;ust=1611068262479000&amp;usg=AFQjCNG3orAPk5sJIr9WVm0ZDxYw82c5DA">here</a>&nbsp;for our Privacy Statement.</p></div>