We are a proud work-from-office company. If you're ready to work on-site in a dynamic, global company, we'd love to hear from you.

About Us Vensure Employer Solutions is the largest privately held organization in the HR technology and service sector, providing a comprehensive portfolio of solutions, including HR/HCM technology, managed services, and global business process outsourcing (BPO). The company and its service providers collectively serve over 95,000 businesses and process over $135B in annual payroll. As a "One Employer Solution” headquartered in Chandler, Arizona, Vensure helps thousands of businesses streamline and grow their operations with custom strategies that benefit both employers and employees. Find out more by visiting [www.vensure.com](http://www.vensure.com) .

Position Summary The Unemployment Claims Associate supports our clients by coordinating unemployment claims response, providing guidance to clients on best practices while emphasizing integrity and compliance.

Essential Duties and Responsibilities Manage and respond to assigned unemployment claims within required deadlines. Collaborate with designated client contacts on matters related to unemployment claims. Communicate with internal teams to address unemployment-related issues and ensure client satisfaction. Provide guidance to clients on best practices for unemployment claim responses, emphasizing integrity and compliance. Respond to inquiries from state agencies promptly and professionally. Participate in the unemployment call queue, striving for single-call resolution to meet organizational goals. Monitor and manage the unemployment email inbox. Review and address state portal correspondence as assigned. Maintain accurate client data within unemployment tracking software. Create and assign tasks for unemployment POA (Power of Attorney) administration when necessary Marginal Functions Build, maintain and promote relationships with team members, peers across disciplines, and all other company team members ensuring effective coordination of communications and services affecting clients. Attend webinars and training to stay up to date on best practices related to the company and department. Complete projects and other duties as assigned by supervisor. Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities A strong drive to deliver exceptional client support to both external and internal customers. A flexible, positive attitude, and a dedicated team player and collaborator. Strong organizational skills, attention to detail, and follow-through. Ability to communicate clearly, concisely, and proactively, both verbally and in writing. Capability to learn multiple HRIS (Human Resources Information System) platforms and vendor partner platforms. Drive to learn, grow, and contribute to the overall success of the company. Ability to thrive in a modern, collaborative international environment, effectively using video conferencing, chat, email, and phone to maintain strong team communication. Education & Experience High school diploma or equivalent combination of experience, skills, education (including other relevant non- traditional degree programs, certifications, or job training programs) preferred. Prior work experience in an office environment is preferred by not required. Some knowledge of Microsoft Office software (Outlook, Microsoft Teams, Excel, Word, PowerPoint) and demonstrated ability to learn other applications as needed. Experience with the following systems is preferred (Adobe Acrobat, HRIS, CRM).

#SolvoHRGlobal

#LI-PROMOTED

#LI-Onsite