<div class="content-intro"><h2><span data-sheets-root="1">About Wolt</span></h2>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">At Wolt, we create technology that brings joy, simplicity and earnings to the neighborhoods of the world. In 2014 we started with delivery of restaurant food. Now we’re building the delivery of (almost) everything and you’ll find us in over 500 cities in 30 countries around the world. In 2022 we joined forces with DoorDash and together we keep on dreaming big and expanding across the globe.<br><br>Working at Wolt isn’t always easy, but it’s definitely exciting. Here you’ll learn more, build more, and ship more than in most other companies. You’ll be challenged a lot, but also have a lot of fun on the way. So, if you’re a self-starter with drive and entrepreneurial spirit, this could be the ride of your life.</span></p></div><p>At Wolt, we’re building one of the most exciting media ecosystems in Europe - helping partners grow through Wolt Ads and Wolt Promos. By joining the team, you’ll be at the forefront of digital advertising, working on campaigns that drive visibility, engagement, and real results.</p>
<p>Our mission is to help partners grow their business by getting closer to the customers who matter most. Through high-impact placements across our app (and beyond), we help them boost brand visibility, reach new audiences, and increase sales.&nbsp;</p>
<h2>What you’ll be doing</h2>
<h3><strong>Day-to-day in this role you’ll:</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Pro-actively contacting our Partners to secure their participation in Wolt Ads &amp; Wolt Promos campaigns</li>
<li>Set-up and launch of ads and promos campaigns, ensuring accurate tracking and monitoring of delivery and performance</li>
<li>Monitoring campaign performance daily, analyzing data and proactively identifying optimization opportunities through performance dashboards</li>
<li>Reporting of performance &amp; impact to both Partners and internal stakeholders</li>
<li>Working with internal &amp; external teams to ensure that campaigns are delivered on time and on budget</li>
<li>Continuously identify opportunities to improve Ads &amp; Promos operations processes and procedures to increase efficiency and effectiveness</li>
<li>Managing incoming queries regarding Wolt Ads &amp; Wolt Promos</li>
</ul>
<h2>Our humble expectations&nbsp;</h2>
<ul>
<li>1-2 years of experience in sales&nbsp;</li>
<li>Excellent communication skills, both verbal and written, with the ability to communicate technical information to non-technical stakeholders</li>
<li>Strong analytical skills with the ability to analyze and interpret data to inform decisions</li>
<li>Strong attention to detail and ability to manage multiple projects simultaneously</li>
<li>Ability to work independently and collaboratively with cross-functional teams in a fast-paced environment</li>
<li>Fluent Polish and English</li>
</ul>
<h2>What we offer</h2>
<ul>
<li>🌍 Independent work in a dynamic, international team</li>
<li>💳 MyBenefit Cafeteria</li>
<li>🏥 Health insurance&nbsp;</li>
<li>🏋️ MultiSport Card</li>
<li>🎂Birthday Day Off</li>
<li>💙 Employee Assistance Programme - therapy and wellbeing</li>
<li>% Discount on your Wolt orders</li>
</ul>
<h2>Why you’ll love it</h2>
<ul>
<li><strong>🚀Global and growing fast: </strong>Be part of a fast-moving scaleup</li>
<li><strong>🤩Ride of a lifetime: </strong>Accelerate your career and build your sales skills&nbsp;</li>
<li><strong>💪Instant impact: </strong>Take ownership and make a difference</li>
<li><strong>💙Big hearts and small egos: </strong>Surround yourself with smart, friendly people</li>
</ul>
<h2>Next steps</h2>
<p>If you are excited about working in a high-growth environment, taking ownership, and being part of an extremely ambitious team, then click below to apply, make sure to add your CV and get the conversation going!&nbsp;</p>
<p>Curious about what goes on behind the scenes and learn more about Ads &amp; Promotions role? Dive into Roberta Poccafassi’s blog post to learn more: <a href="https://careers.wolt.com/en/blog/our-people/wolt-ads-and-promotions-career-roberta-poccafassi"><strong><em>&nbsp;here&nbsp;</em></strong></a></p>
<p>Wolt Ads is constantly expanding and evolving—check out how we help businesses grow and what opportunities lie ahead!&nbsp; <a href="https://explore.wolt.com/en/fin/wolt-ads"><strong>https://explore.wolt.com/en/fin/wolt-ads</strong></a></p>
<p><strong><iframe src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/GoL541\_xj9w?t=1s" width="560" height="314"></iframe><br><br></strong></p>
<p><strong>Compensation &amp; Benefits for Poland<br></strong><br>The total target compensation (On-Target Earnings) for this role is&nbsp;<span data-formula-id="U-TlktjL2F" data-error="false" data-placeholder="false" data-loading="false" data-recalculating="false" data-inactive="false">8684 PLN </span>–&nbsp;<span data-formula-id="oHAS2J2pTp" data-error="false" data-placeholder="false" data-loading="false" data-recalculating="false" data-inactive="false">10855 PLN </span>gross per month. The successful candidate's starting pay will fall within the pay range listed above and is determined based on a number of job-related factors including, but not limited to, skills, experience, qualifications, work location, and market conditions. This compensation is composed of a 80/20 split between base salary and variable pay (where the base salary represents 80% of the total range above). Eligible employees may earn variable compensation if they meet 100% of their performance targets. Actual earnings may be higher if targets are exceeded or lower if targets are not fully met.</p>
<p><strong>Benefits</strong><strong><br><br></strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Health Insurance:</li>
<ul>
<li>Comprehensive medical coverage through Medicover’s Zdrowie Premium plan, offering specialist consultations, diagnostics, and routine check-ups for just PLN 1 per month.</li>
<li>Participation is voluntary, with the option to extend coverage to family members for PLN 255.45 per month.</li>
</ul>
<li>Employee Capital Plans (PPK):</li>
<ul>
<li>Long-term savings program managed by Nationale-Nederlanden, helping employees build financial security for the future.</li>
<li>Funded by monthly contributions of 2% from the employee and 1.5% from Wolt, with automatic enrollment for eligible employees under 55.</li>
</ul>
<li>MyBenefit Cafeteria:</li>
<ul>
<li>Monthly allowance of 106 points (1 point = 1 PLN) to spend on benefits like fitness or wellness passes, shopping vouchers, cinema tickets, or other discounts.</li>
</ul>
<li>MultiSport Card:</li>
<ul>
<li>Fitness benefit available through the MyBenefit Cafeteria platform, offering access to thousands of gyms, pools, and sports facilities across Poland.</li>
<li>Employees have the option to select the card most suitable for their needs.</li>
<li>Options:</li>
<ul>
<li>MultiSport Light: 0.00 PLN employee cost &amp; 74.00 PLN cafeteria deduction</li>
<li>MultiSport Classic: 0.00 PLN employee cost &amp; 101.00 PLN cafeteria point deduction</li>
<li>MultiSport Plus: 30.00 PLN employee cost &amp; 101.00 PLN cafeteria point deduction</li>
</ul>
</ul>
</ul>
<ul>
<li>Annual Leave:</li>
<ul>
<li>Take time to rest, recharge, and do what matters most. Your annual leave may vary depending on your role or contract, but everyone gets plenty of time to unwind and find balance.</li>
<li>The accrual of vacation days is determined by the terms of your employment contract.</li>
<li>Full-time employees are entitled to 26 vacation days per holiday year, regardless of their employment history.</li>
</ul>
<li>Birthday Day Off:</li>
<ul>
<li>One extra paid day off each year to celebrate your birthday, available to all employees.</li>
<li>Can be taken within seven days of your birthday (or later within the settlement period) as a full day off, no carry-over or cash equivalent.</li>
</ul>
<li>Employee Assistance Program (EAP):</li>
<ul>
<li>A trusted, confidential way to access professional support whenever you need it.</li>
<li>Our EAP provides immediate, confidential access to professional support for you and your family.</li>
<li>24/7 counselling by phone, video, or chat.</li>
<li>Available in multiple languages across all markets.</li>
<li>Guidance on work, family, finances, and wellbeing.</li>
<li>Free of charge for all employees and their dependents.</li>
</ul>
<li>Cuckoo Wellbeing Platform:</li>
<ul>
<li>A simple and engaging way to boost wellbeing and productivity every day.</li>
<li>Cuckoo encourages short, energising movement breaks that fit naturally into your workday.</li>
<li>It helps you build lasting healthy habits, supporting focus, energy, and overall wellbeing.</li>
</ul>
<li>Wolt Credits</li>
<ul>
<li>When you order home delivery through Wolt, you’ll get more than just great food you earn Wolt Credit!</li>
<li>Earn 15% back in Wolt Credits on every home delivery order.</li>
<li>Credits appear automatically after your delivery is completed.</li>
<li>Use them toward future orders, they apply until used or expired.</li>
<li>Credits are based on the amount you pay, with caps applied per order.</li>
</ul>
<li>Global Parental Leave</li>
<ul>
<li>At a Glance: Our Global Parental Leave policy reflects Wolt’s commitment to openness, equality, and inclusion ensuring all parents can take meaningful time with their families, no matter where they work.</li>
<li>Wolt tops up statutory provisions where needed to provide the equivalent of 100% pay for up to 16 weeks of paid leave.</li>
<li>Available to all permanent employees after 12+ months service.</li>
<li>Can be taken any time until your child turns 3.</li>
<li>Applies equally across all markets, genders, parents, and family structures.</li>
</ul>
</ul>
<p><strong>&nbsp;</strong></p><div class="content-conclusion"><h2><span data-sheets-root="1">Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion</span></h2>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">We’re committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. That’s why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.</span></p></div>