<div class="content-intro"><p>Celonis is the global leader in Process Intelligence and the pioneer of Process Mining technology. As one of the world’s fastest-growing enterprise SaaS companies, we are changemakers pushing the boundaries of what’s possible. We invest heavily in advanced AI capabilities—specifically our Process Intelligence Graph—to turn data insights into immediate business action. We believe there is a massive opportunity to unlock global productivity and sustainability by placing intelligence at the core of every business process. Join our mission to make processes work for people, companies, and the planet.</p></div><p><strong>The Team:</strong></p>
<p>You will join our Swiss Account Team which is responsible for selling into existing enterprise customers based in Switzerland and help those global leaders <strong>optimize their end-to-end processes</strong> and <strong>increase operational efficiency</strong> through our Process Intelligence platform.</p>
<p><strong>The Role:</strong></p>
<p>Applying a consultative sales approach, you will create and cultivate relationships to build and maintain customers for life. You will be responsible for generating new additional business opportunities within a set of key enterprise accounts within the Swiss territory<strong>.</strong><strong> </strong>You will collaborate cross functionally to understand the account’s needs and drive the end-to-end sales-cycle. <br><br></p>
<p><strong>The work you’ll do:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Manage your accounts from an existing customer perspective, land-and-expand is the typical model</li>
<li>Engage cross line-of-business at C-level and below</li>
<li>Drive Celonis Process Intelligence sales motions across the entire core enterprise value chain, with a focus on Finance, Supply Chain and other industry /customer specific use cases, translating core challenges into compelling, AI-enabled use cases that deliver measurable Execution Capacity.</li>
<li>Hold an individual revenue target for closing six-seven-figure deals within your accounts</li>
<li>Engage closely with partners e.g, consulting firms and SaaS vendors</li>
<li>Drive complex sales cycles through orchestrating virtual teams including business development representatives, marketing managers, partner managers, sales engineers / pre-sales, customer success managers, professional services, implementation partners…</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>The qualifications you need:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>5+ years of relevant experience, ideally spanning both <strong>Management Consulting and SaaS sales</strong>, or a proven track record of success and career progression in either domain</li>
<li>Proven ability to build trusted relationships with senior business stakeholders and engage effectively at the C-level (CFO, CPO, COO, etc.)</li>
<li>Strong <strong>business acumen </strong>and a deep understanding of <strong>key processes</strong> and <strong>KPIs</strong> throughout the entire enterprise value chain in the Manufacturing Industry, particularly within the domains of Finance and Supply Chain.</li>
<li>Solid understanding of one or multiple of these industries: Manufacturing, CPG/Retail, Life Science and General Professional Services</li>
<li>Strong communication and presentation skills in German (fluent) and English</li>
<li>Ability to adapt to a fast moving, ever changing, high growth environment and approach challenges with positivity, creative thinking, and a growth mindset</li>
<li>Willingness to be collaborative, inclusive, to embrace diversity and to have strong interpersonal skills #differentmakesusbetter</li>
<li>Ability to leverage internal resources and work as a team #bestteamwins</li>
</ul>
<p>#LI-SS6</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>What Celonis can offer you:</strong></p>
<ul class="p-rich\_text\_list p-rich\_text\_list\_\_bullet p-rich\_text\_list--nested" data-stringify-type="unordered-list" data-list-tree="true" data-indent="0" data-border="0">
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Pioneer Innovation:</span> Work with the global leader in Process Mining and the Process Intelligence Graph to shape the future of AI-driven business operations.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Ownership from Day 1:</span> Every full-time "Celonaut" is an owner, receiving Restricted Stock Units (RSUs) and merit-based refresh grants.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Unrivaled Family Support:</span> Benefit from our inclusive parental leave policy—24 weeks of fully paid leave for primary carers and 12 weeks for supporting carers, available from your first day of employment.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Work-Life Integration:</span> Enjoy Unlimited PTO (in applicable regions) and generous PTO globally, as well as a flexible hybrid work model that balances remote focus with vibrant office collaboration.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Continuous Growth:</span> Elevate your skills through our 70-20-10 learning framework, mentorship programs, and access to a dedicated learning platform.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Holistic Well-being:</span> Prioritize your health with subsidized Wellhub memberships, mental health counseling, and dedicated "Wellness Weeks" that prioritize work/life balance.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Drive Sustainability:</span> Participate in annual Impact Days, where you receive paid time off to volunteer for community and environmental causes with your local office, or virtually.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Global Inclusion &amp; Belonging:</span> Find community through our Inclusion Think Tank and participate in our annual Inclusion Days, ensuring every voice is heard and valued.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Value-Driven Impact:</span> Join a mission-led organization where our core values—Live for Customer Value, The Best Team Wins, We Own It, and Earth Is Our Future—drive every decision.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>About Us:</strong></p>
<p>Celonis makes processes work — for people, companies, and the planet. Powered by process mining and AI, the Celonis Process Intelligence Platform integrates process data and business context to create a living digital twin of business operations. We enable thousands of companies worldwide to understand how their business actually runs and, together with their partners, build intelligent solutions that transform and continuously improve the way they operate — unlocking billions in value. Celonis is headquartered in Munich, Germany, and New York City, USA, with more than 20 offices worldwide.</p>
<p><br>Get familiar with the Celonis Process Intelligence Platform by watching this <a href="https://academy.celonis.com/learn/video/discover-the-ems">video</a>.</p>
<p><strong>Celonis Inclusion Statement:</strong></p>
<p>At Celonis, we believe our people make us who we are and that “The Best Team Wins”. We know that the best teams are made up of people who bring different perspectives to the table. And when everyone feels included, able to speak up and knows their voice is heard - that's when creativity and innovation happen.<strong><br></strong></p>
<p><strong>Your Privacy:</strong></p>
<p>Any information you submit to Celonis as part of your application will be processed in accordance with Celonis’ <a href="https://www.celonis.com/careers/candidate-notices">Accessibility and Candidate Notices</a></p>
<p>By submitting this application, you confirm that you agree to the storing and processing of your personal data by Celonis as described in our <a href="https://www.celonis.com/careers/privacy-notice/">Privacy Notice for the Application and Hiring Process</a>.</p>
<p>Please be aware of common job offer scams, impersonators and frauds. Learn more <a href="https://www.celonis.com/careers/fraud-alert/">here</a>.</p></div>