## Unlocking the full potential of forests, both ecologically and emotionally.

<strong>What we do<br></strong>Pina Earth enables forest owners to access carbon markets the easy way. We build software that automatically assesses forests and simulates its future development to allow us to quantify carbon stock changes over time. Forest owners can store additional carbon in their forests by adopting sustainable forest management practices. Each additional ton of carbon stored generates a "carbon credit". By investing in forest carbon projects, companies contribute to climate protection. Through the sale of carbon credits, forest owners benefit from a recurring income that is reinvested to create diverse, climate-resilient forests.<br><br>Pina Earth is a fast-growing climate tech startup operating in Europe, based in Munich, Dornbirn, Austria, and with two subsidiaries in Berlin and Winterthur, Switzerland. Our Pina Earth team consists of approximately 30 employees.<br><br><strong>About the opportunity<br></strong><p>At Pina Earth, we are always excited to meet people who share our passion for climate action and forest transformation. Even if you don’t see a suitable open position right now, we welcome unsolicited applications from motivated individuals who want to contribute their skills and ideas to our mission.</p><p>If you’re eager to support regional climate protection and help us turn vulnerable monocultures into biodiverse forests, we’d love to hear from you!</p><strong>Requirements</strong>:<br><ul><li>minimum <strong>5 months full time</strong> availability for the internship</li><li>Valid <strong>working permit</strong> in Germany (or the EU)</li><li>Fluency in <strong>English and German</strong></li><li>Willing to work onsite in our office in <strong>Munich</strong>, Germany</li></ul><br><strong>Benefits of being part of Pina Earth<br></strong><ul><li>As one of the <strong>earliest hires</strong>, you have a central impact on our startup and many development possibilities</li><li>All our internships and full time positions are <strong>paid fairly</strong>, whether mandatory for your studies or voluntary</li><li>Stay <strong>healthy</strong> with our <a href="https://egym-wellpass.com/gym-finder?l=m%C3%BCnchen">Wellpass membership</a> which gives you access to 6,000+ fitness studios all over Germany</li><li>Join our <strong>team events</strong>: dinners, parties, bouldering sessions, you name it!</li><li>Work at our office in the <strong>heart of Munich</strong> (@Central Station)</li><li>and finally: the <strong>best</strong> <strong>coffee</strong> of course ☕️</li></ul><strong>Diversity at Pina Earth<br></strong>At Pina Earth, equal opportunity is important to us. We welcome and celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees. We are open to all groups of people, regardless of age, skin color, origin, race, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, marital status, or other characteristics protected by law.<br><br><strong>Reach out</strong><br>Do you see yourself in finding Pina's perfect product/market fit? Apply directly or drop us some lines along with your CV, reference letter(s) of your previous employers and desired start date: <a href="mailto:apply@pina.earth">apply@pina.earth</a><br><br>P.S.: You're wondering why there isn't a list of skill requirements in the job description? We believe that it is more important that you are excited about the described job role and want to learn more, than simply fulfilling a list of high-level requirements. We want to hear your story!