<h2><strong>Who we are</strong></h2>
<p><strong>About Stripe</strong></p>
<p>Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies—from the world’s largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyone’s reach while doing the most important work of your career.</p>
<p><strong>About the team</strong></p>
<p>As a Sales Development Representative (SDR) at Stripe, you will drive Stripe’s future growth engine by working with Demand Gen and the Account Executive team to qualify leads and collaboratively build Stripe’s sales pipeline. You get excited about engaging with prospects to better qualify needs. You are adept at identifying high value opportunities and capable of managing early sales funnel activities.You are used to delivering value in complex situations and are energized by learning about new and existing</p>
<p>products. Finally, you enjoy building – you like to actively participate in the development of the demand generation and sales process, the articulation of Stripe’s value proposition, and the creation of key tools and assets. If you’re hungry, smart, persistent, and a great teammate, we want to hear from you!</p>
<p>For the first months, you’ll be part of the SD Associate program which is designed to accelerate your onboarding and ramp to full productivity as an SDR. This intensive program is built to help you quickly build and develop skills required to be successful in this role. Upon completion, you’ll continue</p>
<p>learning and growing in your career as part of Stripe’s Sales Development Academy. These programs are endorsed and supported by sales leaders as an important part of investing in our people.</p>
<p>We take a data driven, analytical approach to sales development, and are looking for someone who is confident in both prospecting to customers and in helping design our strategy. If you’re hungry, smart, persistent, and a great teammate, we want to hear from you!</p>
<p><strong>\*Please note: This job posting is for future pipeline building. We are always on the lookout for top talent and would love to start connecting with candidates proactively. As the team is expanding rapidly, we anticipate a role opening up within the next 1–6 months (or potentially sooner).</strong></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<h2><strong>What you’ll do</strong></h2>
<p><strong>Responsibilities</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Research and create outreach materials for high value prospects, in partnership with SDRs and AEs</li>
<li>Follow up with Marketing generated leads to qualify as sales opportunities. Move solid leads through the funnel connecting them to a salesperson, and arranging meetings</li>
<li>Execute outbound sales plays created by marketing Initiate contact with potential customers through cold-calling or responding to inquiries generated from Marketing</li>
<li>Develop relationships with prospects to uncover needs through eﬀective questioning to qualify interest and viability to prepare hand-oﬀ to sales</li>
<li>Follow-up with potential customers who expressed interest but did not initially result in a sales opportunity</li>
<li>Eﬀectively work through lead list meeting/exceeding SLAs, consistently update activity and contact information within the CRM system and support weekly reporting eﬀorts</li>
<li>Collaborate and provide feedback and insights to Marketing to help improve targeting and messaging</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Who you are</strong></p>
<p>We’re looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply.</p>
<p><strong>Minimum requirements</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>A track record of top performance or prior success</li>
<li>Superior verbal and written communication skills</li>
<li>Self starter who is able to operate in a hyper growth environment</li>
<li>This role requires in-oﬃce participation three (3) days per week in Stripe oﬃce</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>At Stripe, we're looking for people with passion, grit, and integrity. You're encouraged to apply even if your experience doesn't precisely match the job description. Your skills and passion will stand out—and set you apart—especially if your career has taken some extraordinary twists and</p>
<p>turns. At Stripe, we welcome diverse perspectives and people who think rigorously and aren't afraid to challenge assumptions. Join us.</p>