<p><strong>This is Adyen</strong></p>
<p>Adyen provides payments, data, and financial products in a single solution for customers like Meta, Uber, H&amp;M, and Microsoft - making us the financial technology platform of choice. At Adyen, everything we do is engineered for ambition.&nbsp;</p>
<p>For our teams, we create an environment with opportunities for our people to succeed, backed by the culture and support to ensure they are enabled to truly own their careers. We are motivated individuals who tackle unique technical challenges at scale and solve them as a team. Together, we deliver innovative and ethical solutions that help businesses achieve their ambitions faster.</p>
<p><strong>Associate Commercial Counsel</strong></p>
<p>We are looking for a driven and enthusiastic Associate Commercial Counsel based in Singapore to join the global Deal Desk within the Commercial Legal team at Adyen. As Associate Commercial Counsel, you will be responsible for negotiating customer-facing contract negotiations, primarily focused on enterprise customers. You will also be responsible for drafting comprehensive negotiation playbooks, training our commercial colleagues on how to sell our agreements, advising on contract interpretation, early-stage customer disputes, and other general commercial matters.&nbsp;</p>
<p>This is a role for a counsel who thrives in a fast-moving, complex environment, who is commercially-minded, and who can leverage their sophisticated legal expertise and strong communication skills into tangible, scalable value that accelerates Adyen’s global growth.</p>
<p><strong>What you will do:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Provide strategic legal advice across various commercial functions, advising stakeholders in our&nbsp; sales, account management, product, and regulatory teams globally.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Draft, review, and negotiate a wide variety of complex, multi-jurisdictional commercial agreements for our payment, data and financial services products.</li>
<li>Proactively problem solve for emerging legal and operational risks, providing risk-based decisions on complex legal issues and proposing improvements and efficiencies to mitigate future exposure.</li>
<li>Advising on early-stage customer disputes, managing initial phases of legal conflicts, and providing counsel on complex legal interpretations.</li>
<li>Drive legal automation efforts to help scale our team and bring greater efficiency to the contracting process.</li>
<li>Work autonomously in a cross-functional manner.</li>
<li>Build strong relationships with colleagues, leaders, and stakeholders across the company.</li>
<li>Participate in training our commercial colleagues across the globe.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Who you are:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>You have 4+ years of legal experience, in house or at a law firm.</li>
<li>You have strong commercial contracting and/or other transactional experience.</li>
<li>You can collaborate with other legal counsels based in jurisdictions across the US, LATAM, EMEA, and APAC.</li>
<li>You are a team player who likes to collaborate and include different people to sharpen your ideas.&nbsp;</li>
<li>You have solid people skills and will work well with a variety of internal and external stakeholders and customers from varying disciplines and cultures.</li>
<li>You can work autonomously and run things like your own business.</li>
<li>You are curious, ask questions, and take ownership over your learning and professional growth.</li>
<li>You are self-motivated, driven, reliable, adaptable and detail-oriented.</li>
<li>You have experience educating others on complex ideas, communicating them clearly, and providing additional training when necessary.&nbsp;</li>
<li>You have the ability to structure and prioritize your work in a high volume, fast-paced environment and build and drive processes to completion.</li>
<li>You are available to work from our Singapore office and travel to other offices periodically.</li>
<li>You are fluent in English, both written and spoken. Any additional language is a plus.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Our Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Commitments&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>Our unique approach is a product of our diverse perspectives. This diversity of backgrounds and cultures is essential in helping us maintain our momentum. Our business and technical challenges are unique, and we need as many different voices as possible to join us in solving them - voices like yours. No matter who you are or where you’re from, we welcome you to be your true self at Adyen.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Studies show that women and members of underrepresented communities apply for jobs only if they meet 100% of the qualifications. Does this sound like you? If so, Adyen encourages you to reconsider and apply. We look forward to your application!</p>
<p><strong>What’s next?</strong></p>
<p>Ensuring a smooth and enjoyable candidate experience is critical for us. We aim to get back to you regarding your application within 5 business days. Our interview process tends to take about 4 weeks to complete, but may fluctuate depending on the role. <a href="https://careers.adyen.com/how-we-hire">Learn more about our hiring process here</a>. Don’t be afraid to let us know if you need more flexibility.</p>
<p>This role is based out of our Singapore office. We are an office-first company and value in-person collaboration. We do not offer remote-only roles.</p>
<p>Adyen is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate based on race, color, ethnicity, ancestry, national origin, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, age, disability, veteran status, genetic information, marital status or any legally protected status.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>