<h3><strong>About Stripe</strong></h3>
<p>Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies—from the world’s largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyone’s reach while doing the most important work of your career.</p>
<h3><strong>About the Team</strong></h3>
<p>The Sales Compensation Team at Stripe is responsible for the overall compensation strategy, design, and payment administration for the global sales organization. We ensure that Stripe’s objectives align with the compensation program and that our sales teams are paid accurately and timely. We provide thought leadership for the go-to market initiatives so that performance and compensation are effectively correlated. The Sales Comp team partners closely with the revenue generating and support functions across Stripe to support the success of our sales efforts.&nbsp;</p>
<h3><strong>What You’ll Do</strong></h3>
<p>Stripe’s Sales Compensation Team has an opening for an experienced sales compensation manager to be a key contributor to the sales compensation program design, implementation and performance assessment of the sales organization. This role will have high visibility across multiple channels to own the performance to compensation structure for specific sales teams and be the subject matter expert for strategic advice and implementation of any compensation programs (including SPIFFs and MBOs) that will further align the sales focus with Stripe’s OKRs.</p>
<p>The right person for this position will be someone who is passionate about sales compensation and comfortable working in ambiguous situations to identify the optimal solutions for our sales teams to succeed.&nbsp; This candidate will need to have experience working across all levels and functions of an organization (preferably in a high growth environment) to align the company’s priorities with the sales team’s motivation. The role requires resilience and the ability to both partner and lead in cross-functional situations. Proven leverage of analytics and quantitative data to support and evaluate decisions is critical.&nbsp;</p>
<h3><strong>Responsibilities</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Lead the annual sales compensation plan design cycle for specific sales teams. This includes obtaining input and stakeholder approval for the proposed compensation structures.</li>
<li>Implement metrics for the plans that are specific, measurable, and align with company priorities.</li>
<li>Own the rollout and enablement of the compensation plans.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Conduct frequent quantitative measurement of the compensation plan effectiveness and apply learnings to the annual plan design process.</li>
<li>Propose, evaluate, design, and measure the effectiveness of SPIFFs.</li>
<li>Be the main contact for sales leadership to to correlate objectives and compensation.</li>
<li>Own and update the sales compensation resources for the sales organization. Lead the enablement.</li>
<li>Own and update the annual sales credit policies for the sales organization. Lead the enablement.</li>
<li>Represent the sales compensation impacts in company strategy discussions (e.g. with Product).</li>
<li>Have an in-depth understanding of the sales function, product priorities, and individual sales team characteristics.</li>
<li>Support the commission calculation close process as needed.</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>Who You Are</strong></h3>
<p>We’re looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.</p>
<h3><strong>Minimum Requirements</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>BS or BA in Business, Finance, Economics, Math, or Statistics.</li>
<li>5+ years of experience in a Sales Compensation role.</li>
<li>2+ years as a key point of contact with senior Sales, Finance, and HR leadership.</li>
<li>3+ years leading the sales compensation design process.</li>
<li>Experience with CRM (e.g. Salesforce) and ICM (e.g. Captivate IQ, Varicent, Xactly) tools.</li>
<li>Experience with reporting tools and Tableau.</li>
<li>Strong logic, problem solving, and Excel modeling skills.</li>
<li>Very organized and attentive to detail, with excellent prioritization skills that allow you to consistently deliver quality results on time.</li>
<li>Experience working in high-growth, performance focused environments and administering complex programs.</li>
<li>Ability to forge strong bonds, work collaboratively with, and influence internal partners such as other Sales channels, Finance, and Business Applications.</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>Preferred Qualifications</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Competence to leverage AI tools to enhance impact and productivity</li>
<li>Experience in Sales or Sales Operations roles</li>
<li>SQL programming experience</li>
</ul>