<div class="content-intro"><h2><strong>About Remote</strong></h2>
<div><span style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">Remote is solving modern organizations’ biggest challenge – navigating global employment compliantly with ease. We make it possible for businesses of all sizes to recruit, pay, and manage international teams. With our core values at heart and future focused work culture, our team works tirelessly on ambitious problems, asynchronously, around the world. You can find Remoters working from 6 different continents (Antarctica left to go!) and all of our positions are fully remote.<br><br><span class="discussion-id-2f7cb4da-dab4-8068-a80f-001c50b2d808 suggestion-update notion-enable-hover" data-token-index="0">With Innovation as one of the core values, we have built Automation and AI capabilities into the requirements for every role.</span><br><br>We encourage every member of the Remote team to bring their talents, experiences and culture to the table to help us build the best-in-class HR platform.</span></div>
<div>&nbsp;</div>
<div><span style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">If you are energetic, curious, motivated and ambitious, be part of our world. Apply now and define the future of work!</span></div></div><h2><strong>What this job can offer you</strong></h2>
<p>This is an exciting time to join Remote and make a personal difference in the global employment space as a <strong>Global</strong> <strong>Payroll</strong> <strong>Implementation Specialist</strong>, joining our <strong>Global Payroll Implementation</strong> team. In your role, you will be technically implementing multiple new customers of all sizes onto our Remote Global Payroll solution platform with accuracy and within agreed timescales.</p>
<p>You will be reporting to the <strong>Manager, Global Payroll Implementations</strong>.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<h2><strong>What you bring</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Several years of Global Payroll Implementation Experience with statutory tax regulations and payroll processing knowledge.</li>
<li>Several years of Global Payroll Technical Implementation set-up experience, on local payroll software.</li>
<li>Excellent understanding of end-to-end Global Payroll and HR processes.</li>
<li>Work experience in payroll operations and statutory requirements.</li>
<li>Experience in accounting reconciliations.</li>
<li>Excellent data management skills with high accuracy and attention to detail.</li>
<li>Experienced in handling multiple projects with multiple stakeholders.</li>
<li>An analytical mindset with great problem-solving abilities.</li>
<li>A technical aptitude with computer literacy, data analysis and critical thinking.</li>
<li>Ability to succeed in a fast-paced, international work environment with a passion for making an impact.</li>
<li>Team player with the ability to work independently, autonomously and take ownership and responsibility of tasks and requests.</li>
<li>A Customer-Care oriented mind set and ability to build client relationships.</li>
<li>Is a productivity geek and will constantly think of ways to improve and speed up their work through automations.</li>
<li>Proficient in using Google Sheets or Excel.</li>
<li>Ability to work within a MacBook Pro environment</li>
<li>You understand the need and idea to work largely <a href="https://www.notion.so/8541f0e7ae004be7a7b949096c9f972c?pvs=21">asynchronously</a>.</li>
<li>You write and speak fluent English.</li>
<li>It's not required to have experience working remotely, but is considered a plus.</li>
<li>Not required but is considered a plus if you have a working knowledge of: Notion, Slack, Zendesk, <a href="http://Monday.com">Monday.com</a> and Salesforce.</li>
<li>Not required but is considered a plus if you have working knowledge of DACH payroll software.</li>
<li><span class="discussion-level-1 discussion-id-2f7cb4da-dab4-80bf-afa7-001c165870c4 notion-enable-hover" data-token-index="0">Demonstrates </span><span class="discussion-id-2f7cb4da-dab4-80a4-a764-001c166909fc suggestion-update discussion-level-1 discussion-id-2f7cb4da-dab4-80bf-afa7-001c165870c4 notion-enable-hover" data-token-index="1">strong </span><span class="discussion-level-1 discussion-id-2f7cb4da-dab4-80bf-afa7-001c165870c4 notion-enable-hover" data-token-index="2">automation </span><span class="discussion-id-2f7cb4da-dab4-801d-830c-001cfca0393d suggestion-update discussion-level-1 discussion-id-2f7cb4da-dab4-80bf-afa7-001c165870c4 notion-enable-hover" data-token-index="3">and AI </span><span class="discussion-level-1 discussion-id-2f7cb4da-dab4-80bf-afa7-001c165870c4 notion-enable-hover" data-token-index="4">capabilities</span></li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Key Responsibilities&nbsp;</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Serve as a primary point of contact for Payroll customers to set up and provide an accurate and seamless transition of their payroll requirements to Remote’s Payroll products and services.</li>
<li>Analyze customers’ payroll needs and provide appropriate recommendations.</li>
<li>Direct and manage the implementation of new customers from the start of the relationship, including:
<ul>
<li>Obtaining all required customer and employee’s payroll data information for new customer payroll set-ups per legal entity.</li>
<li>Configuration of Remote’s Global Payroll system on a customer by customer basis.</li>
<li>Coordination of parallel payroll runs and reconciliation of wage-based taxes .</li>
<li>Verify payroll and tax set up is compliant with statutory regulations.</li>
<li>Coordination and communication of payroll Go-Live.</li>
<li>Handing over an accurate payroll to our Remote Payroll Operations team.</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Effectively communicate with customers, teammates, supervisors and vendors in a timely and clear fashion.</li>
<li>Establish and maintain positive customer working relationships, successfully contribute to high customer retention rates.</li>
<li>Provide support and training to new customers and employees regarding payroll process and general country specific payroll needs.</li>
<li>Provide customer focused interaction ensuring timely response, accurate information and effective follow-up on all customer and/or internal requests and/or issues.</li>
<li>Maintain confidentiality of all customer and employee information.</li>
<li>Help in the creation and maintenance of the process documentation.</li>
<li>Work with internal teams to improve our platform, completing UAT Testing through shipping</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Practicals</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li><strong>You'll report to:</strong> <span class="notion-enable-hover" data-token-index="0">Manager, Global Payroll Implementations</span></li>
<li><strong>Team:</strong> Global Payroll Experience &amp; Implementations</li>
<li><strong>Location</strong>: South America&nbsp;&nbsp;</li>
<li><strong>Start date:</strong> As soon as possible</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Application process</strong></h2>
<ol>
<li>Interview with recruiter</li>
<li>Interview with team members (no managers present)</li>
<li>Global Payroll Experience &amp; Implementations</li>
<li>Bar Raiser Interview</li>
<li><a href="https://www.notion.so/Veremark-Remote-96e108c037b8423cbd4c3f07a1f9b38b">Prior employment verification check</a>&nbsp;</li>
</ol><div class="content-pay-transparency"><div class="pay-input"><div class="description"><p>Remote's <a href="https://www.notion.so/remotecom/people-Total-Rewards-1945bce8d3924ece9421ba8630f57b0c">Total Rewards philosophy</a> is to ensure fair, unbiased compensation and fair <span class="link-annotation-unknown-block-id-1691622878">equity</span><span class="discussion-level-1 discussion-id-f2a82bc4-09e4-4a71-ad93-755b1d26a690 notion-enable-hover" data-token-index="3"> pay </span>along with competitive benefits in all locations in which we operate. We do not agree to or encourage cheap-labor practices and therefore we ensure to pay above in-location rates. We hope to inspire other companies to support global talent-hiring and bring local wealth to developing countries.</p>
<p>At first glance our salary bands seem quite wide - here is some context. At Remote we have international operations and a globally distributed workforce.&nbsp; We use geo ranges to consider geographic pay differentials as part of our global compensation strategy to remain competitive in various markets while we hiring globally.<br><br>Our salary ranges are determined by role, level and location, and our job titles may span more than one career level. The actual base pay for the successful candidate in this role is dependent upon many factors such as location, transferable or job-related skills, work experience, relevant training, business needs, and market demands. The base salary range may be subject to change.<br><br><em data-stringify-type="italic">At Remote, we foster internal mobility as a key element of our culture of employee growth and development, supported by a compensation philosophy that guarantees pay equity and fairness. Therefore, all compensation changes associated with an internal move will be reviewed by the Total Rewards &amp; People Enablement team on a case by case basis.</em></p></div><div class="title">The annual salary range for this full-time position is</div><div class="pay-range"><span>$33,300</span><span class="divider">&mdash;</span><span>$74,900 USD</span></div></div></div><div class="content-conclusion"><h2><strong>Benefits</strong></h2>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section">
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">Our full benefits &amp; perks are explained in our handbook at&nbsp;<a class="c-link" href="http://remote.com/r/benefits" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="http://remote.com/r/benefits" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">remote.com/r/benefits</a>. As a global company, each country works differently, but some benefits/perks are for all Remoters:</span></div>
<ul class="p-rich\_text\_list p-rich\_text\_list\_\_bullet" data-stringify-type="unordered-list" data-indent="0" data-border="0">
<li style="font-size: 12pt;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">work from anywhere</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">flexible paid time off</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">flexible working hours (we are&nbsp;<a class="c-link" href="https://remote.com/async" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://www.notion.so/remotecom/Working-Async-at-Remote-80c01cd443ad4c77a8ceaef7c5fba5d0" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">async</a>)</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">16 weeks paid parental leave</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">mental health support services</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">stock options</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">learning budget</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">home office budget &amp; IT equipment</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">budget for local in-person social events or co-working spaces</span></li>
</ul>
</div>
<h2><strong>How you’ll plan your day (and life)</strong></h2>
<p><span style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">We work async at Remote which means you can plan your schedule around your life (and not around meetings). Read more at <a href="https://remote.com/async" target="\_blank">remote.com/async</a>.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">You will be empowered to take ownership and be proactive. When in doubt you will default to action instead of waiting. Your <strong>life-work balance</strong> is important and you will be encouraged to put yourself and your family first, and fit work around your needs.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">If that sounds like something you want, apply now!</span></p>
<h2><strong>How to apply</strong></h2>
<ol>
<li style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;"><span style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">Please fill out the form below and upload your CV with a PDF format.</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;"><span style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;"><strong data-stringify-type="bold">We kindly ask you to submit your application and CV in English, as this is the standardised language we use here at Remote.</strong></span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif; text-align: left;"><span style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">If you don’t have an up to date CV but you are still interested in talking to us, please feel free to add a copy of your LinkedIn profile instead.</span></li>
</ol>
<p><span style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">Not only do we encourage folks from all ethnic groups, genders, sexuality, age, abilities, disability status and any other under-represented group to apply, but we prioritize a sense of belonging. We have 4 ERGs (Women, Disability, Queer, Minorities in Tech) who meet regularly with the People team. During your interviews and beyond, we ask &amp; encourage anybody who needs an accommodation to request one from their recruiter.<br></span></p>
<p><span style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">We will ask you to voluntarily tell us your pronouns at interview stage, and you will have the option to answer our anonymous demographic questionnaire when you apply below. As an equal employment opportunity employer it’s important to us that our workforce reflects people of all backgrounds, identities, and experiences and this data will help us to stay accountable. We thank you for providing this data, if you chose to.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">At Remote, we embrace AI as a valuable tool while prioritizing human creativity and authenticity.&nbsp;We look forward to meeting candidates who balance innovation with genuine expertise and experience.&nbsp;To learn more about Remote's AI guidelines check see&nbsp;<a href="https://www.notion.so/remotecom/Guidelines-on-using-AI-when-applying-for-a-job-at-Remote-11ccb4dadab4805f80a7c73b6567bd8f" target="\_blank" data-saferedirecturl="https://www.google.com/url?q=https://www.notion.so/remotecom/Guidelines-on-using-AI-when-applying-for-a-job-at-Remote-11ccb4dadab4805f80a7c73b6567bd8f&amp;source=gmail&amp;ust=1733927526443000&amp;usg=AOvVaw2sIVooKuyGfRra1PtGXreV">here</a>.&nbsp;</span><br><br><span style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;"><em>Please note we accept applications on an ongoing basis.&nbsp;</em></span></p></div>