<p>We are looking for a commercially savvy, data-driven&nbsp;<strong>Senior Finance Analyst</strong> to join our UK and Ireland finance team. You will be integral in evolving, transforming and streamlining our ways of working across the breadth of finance. You will leverage your technical expertise and interest in emerging technologies (e.g. SQL, AI) to dive deep into complex datasets, turning raw data into strategic insights and answering the key questions that drive our executive decision-making.</p>
<h3><strong>Key Responsibilities</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li><strong>Weekly/Monthly Reporting; </strong>Take ownership of generating timely and reliable weekly performance reporting &amp; insights for the UK Management Board with a focus on actionable insights, analysis &amp; commentary.</li>
<li><strong>Finance Transformation:</strong> Collaborate &amp; identify inefficiencies in current financial workflows and lead initiatives to streamline/automate manual processes, reducing time spent on routine reporting across the team and improving time cycles for month-end and reporting.</li>
<li><strong>Month End Support; </strong>Supporting the Month End accounting process, ensuring a high level of accuracy in our management reporting and helping stakeholders understand their performance through data.</li>
<li><strong>Insight Generation:</strong> Interpret complex data sources to produce meaningful business insights. You won't just report the <em>what</em>; you will explain the <em>why</em> and the <em>what next</em>.</li>
<li><strong>Stakeholder Partnership:</strong> Act as a bridge between Finance and Tech/Data teams, translating business requirements into technical specifications while getting exposure to and influencing data infrastructure &amp; pipelines.</li>
<li><strong>Forecasting/Budgeting: </strong>Work closely with both local and international stakeholders to generate reliable, data driven forecasts while ideating on new, high impact data assets required for success.</li>
</ul>
<h4><strong>You Have;</strong></h4>
<ul>
<li>2+ years of experience working with large data sets, complex models and experience in an analytical field.</li>
<li>Experience working within physical product-based businesses (e.g. manufacturing, operational environments, FMCG, or similar industries) would be strongly preferred, particularly where finance and operational data intersect.</li>
<li>A track record of designing, developing and maintaining various financial and non-financial data sets/models using SQL (python would be advantageous) and sophisticated Excel/GoogleSheet/Google AppScripts tools. Exposure to software (or equivalent software) such as Databricks, Snowflake, N8N, Workday Adaptive Planning, Tableau etc would also be an advantage.</li>
<li>Experience developing advanced analytics with an exceptional ability to interpret and present financial and non-financial data in a way that is digestible for non-technical stakeholders.</li>
<li>A continuous improvement mindset where you strive under the challenge of trying to continually improve the financial or operational performance &amp; efficiency through the use of data &amp; analytics.</li>
<li>An intrinsic determination to solve a problem once it is identified using a scientific or well thought through, logical approach.</li>
<li>Strong financial literacy and an inherent interest in business performance driving performance.</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>You are;</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li data-start="2" data-end="113">Curious and proactive self-starter who seeks to understand concepts deeply and continuously improve processes</li>
<li data-start="2" data-end="113">A fast learner with strong problem-solving skills and financial acumen, able to work independently with minimal direction</li>
<li data-start="2" data-end="113">An effective communicator and stakeholder manager, skilled at building strong relationships and influencing outcomes</li>
<li data-start="2" data-end="113">Detail-oriented, accuracy-focused, and comfortable thriving in fast-paced, evolving environments<br><br></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>What you will get in return:</strong></p>
<p>● 70% off HelloFresh or Green Chef boxes<br>● Company pension scheme<br>● Gym membership<br>● Bupa private medical insurance (including dental &amp; family cover options)<br>● Mental health first aiders and an employee assistance programme<br>● Dog friendly office! (London site only)<br>● Nursery support scheme<br>● Cycle to work scheme<br>● Group Life Assurance</p>
<p><strong>Location</strong>: The HelloFresh Farm, 60 Worship Street, EC2A 2EZ, London</p>
<p><strong data-stringify-type="bold">Hybrid Working Policy</strong><br>We offer a hybrid working policy for eligible roles, allowing flexibility to work from home and in the office. For more details on eligibility and how this applies to the role you're applying for, please consult with your recruiter.</p>
<p><strong>Next steps</strong>: Your application will be reviewed and if successful, a member of the Talent Acquisition Team will be in touch within 2 weeks.<br><br><strong>To be considered for this role, you’ll need to have the independent right to work in the UK, as we're unfortunately unable to provide sponsorship at this time.</strong></p>
<p>You are required to cooperate with HelloFresh in all health and safety matters. You are responsible for ensuring you take reasonable care of your own health, and safety as well as others who may be affected by the work activities you undertake. You must report incidents immediately and actively raise health and safety-related concerns to your Line Manager.&nbsp;As part of our commitment to maintaining a safe and secure environment, we will process Disclosure and Barring Service (<span class="il">DBS</span>) checks to the successful individual. Failure to disclose relevant information at application or throughout the process could affect your employment with the company.&nbsp;</p>
<p>If you are currently a HelloFresh employee, please make sure you have discussed your application with your Line Manager.</p>