**About Agicap**

Since our foundation in Lyon in 2016, we have been revolutionizing the liquidity planning market for SMEs across Europe. We enable our clients to strategically manage their cash flow - to stay on top of things, to look ahead and to grow. Being part of AGICAP means enabling every business to grow and helping companies achieve their entrepreneurial goals.

Through one of the largest FinTech funding rounds of USD 100 million, we have grown from 3 founders to >500 employees. Our office in Berlin was launched in 2020 and continuously expanded to a team of ~80 Agicapians now. But we are just getting started and are looking for team players with an entrepreneurial mindset and the will to make Agicap the No. 1 all-in-one tool for cash flow in Europe.

**Join Agicap on its path to Unicorn status.**

As a Sales Development Representative Intern (m/f/d) at AGICAP, you will make a targeted contribution to the profitability of the company. You will drive the operational business and increase our turnover by a) approaching potential new customers, b) setting appointments to demonstrate the AGICAP software and c) guiding interested parties through the entire sales process in cooperation with our Account Executives.

You will receive the expertise you need for this from the AGICAP Sales Team. In 4-6 weeks of onboarding, you will be comprehensively familiarised with the sales and support aspects of our online tool and our work processes. As a trained cash flow expert, you will represent AGICAP externally and expand our business with new customers.

## What you will do:

- You learn how to identify the right stakeholders in a company and draw their attention to you through multi-channel strategies (cold calling, mailing sequences & social media)
- You go into a direct exchange with managing directors and financial experts from a wide range of industries and learn to identify their problems and offer solutions
- You convince & qualify potential customers for a product demonstration with our account executives
- You sharpen your expertise in using sales tools such as HubSpot, Sales Navigator, etc.
- You learn how to handle key performance indicators, which you proactively communicate with your team lead through weekly reporting
- You contribute significantly to the impact of AGICAP and are the first point of contact for cash flow and liquidity planning

## What you need to succeed:

- You are currently studying for a Bachelor's or Master's degree in a business subject
- You speak German at C2 level and C1+ English
- You have a hands-on mentality
- You are interested in measuring your success with targets and key figures in order to achieve top performance in the shortest possible time
- You enjoy approaching people and have a motivating and convincing personality with which you are able to win over a wide variety of people

## What we offer:

- Attractive internship salary (EUR 2,100) + commission
- Mentoring program
- Lunch allowance
- Complete technical equipment incl. MacBook, iPhone & headset

We look forward to your application!