Created in Lyon in 2016 by three French entrepreneurs, Agicap is one of the fastest scale-ups in Europe, with over 8000 customers, 650 employees and fast revenue growth (7x between 2021 and 2024). Agicap is part of the French Tech 120, rewarding the most promising startups in France.

Agicap allows Finance teams of Mid-Market companies to efficiently manage and forecast their cash, pay their suppliers and get paid. By combining a Treasury Management System, and Accounts Payable and Accounts Receivable solutions into a single platform, Agicap aims at becoming the next leading Treasury Management platform for mid-market companies.

We have raised €145M since our creation, with prestigious VC funds including AVP, Greenoaks, Partech and BlackFin, with a last round in November 2024.

These additional resources further fuel our product innovation, allowing us to grow significantly and accelerate our international expansion across the world.

We believe our success comes from our highly passionate and dedicated teams, committed to building a company where people can grow and build their careers. We are constantly looking for great talents, aiming for excellence and ready to join our ambitious adventure!

As an **Account Manager,** your primary mission is to drive growth and retention on your portfolio.

To achieve this, you focus on 3 pillars :

**Trusted advisor posture :**

- Support customer lifecycle as soon as onboarding ends by organizing regular EBRs

- Build 6-12 months retroplannings with clients by coordinating an action plan with other internal teams (CSC, implementation team...)

- Anticipate and resolve frictions

**Sales process:**

- Own the client relationship with a specific focus on sourcing and/or qualifying upsell opportunities (no closing)

- Handover qualified upsells leads to Expansion Managers

- Anticipate and handle customer renewals

- Handle churn requests

**Sales excellence:**

- Respect and suggest improvement of actual process to boost prioritization and efficiency

- Fill in properly CRM to have the most updated data

- Report regularly on performance

- Share your expertise and best practices with the team

- Provide qualitative handovers to the teams you are working with to increase quality and speed of action of those teams

## 👪 What are we looking for :

- You have a degree from a top business school (Master's level, Bac+5).
- You have strong customer relationship skills and sales skills.
- You are bilingual in French. (C2 level).
- You are capable of multitasking and managing changing priorities within tight deadlines.
- You enjoy challenges and strive to exceed your goals.
- You are eager to move quickly, to meet with our users frequently, and to pick up the phone to help them.
- You love advising, arguing, and convincing.

## 🎁 What we offer :

- An attractive salary : package between 55K-62K.
- Swile meal vouchers.
- 1000 m² offices at Gare de Vaise (Lyon).
- A highly educational and empowering entrepreneurial environment with a lot of autonomy.
- A daily challenge working with SME leaders and CEOs.
- A dynamic and passionate work atmosphere with a true team spirit to help Agicap take off in France and then internationally.

## 💻 Our recruitment process takes approximately 14 days and includes :

- An initial interview with the Talent Acquisition team.
- A role-play or case study with the relevant department.
- A final interview with management (and sometimes a C-level decision-maker).

We attach great importance to a transparent and rapid process, and aim to respond to all applications within 48 hours. We also aim to value every member of our team. If you don't think you meet all the criteria, don't hesitate to apply to Agicap. We welcome and encourage all applications.