At BeReal, we are dedicated to authenticity in social media. By encouraging users to share unfiltered moments, we foster genuine connections and celebrate real life. We are now an international team of 70+ and have 40M+ monthly active users. Backed by Voodoo, our team is fully focused on scaling BeReal into an iconic social network used by hundreds of millions.

**Role**

As Head of Growth - you will be responsible for scaling BeReal worldwide, reporting to the CEO and working closely with Voodoo’s central growth team.

You will build and lead a team of 5+ people to cover all growth activities. The ideal candidate is a data-driven leader with a structured mindset, a passion for growth, and the ability to thrive in a dynamic and entrepreneurial environment.

- Build the growth strategy to scale BeReal’s user base. Drive the execution of all user acquisition channels (including paid UA, product-led growth, offline activities, partnerships, PR, content production, influencer marketing, organic growth, community management, ASO  and app store relationships.)
- Partner with cross-functional teams and product teams to ensure execution of the growth strategy and leverage resources effectively
- Conduct systematic data analysis and leverage key metrics to measure channels performances, drive decision-making, prioritize growth initiatives and new opportunities.
- Stay up-to-date with industry trends and competitors’ growth strategies to identify innovative activations

## Profile

- You have at least 5-8 years of experience, and a proven track record in driving growth for consumer-facing digital product, preferably in social media or mobile apps
- You already have leadership experiences with the ability to inspire and manage a team of 5+ people
- You understand the mobile growth ecosystem in detail as well as branding performance
- You are a data-driven, growth hacker with an entrepreneurial mindset and can adapt to a high-paced environment
- You can demonstrate excellent teamwork and collaboration skills
- You are fluent in English (fluency in French is a plus)