<h2><strong>The role</strong></h2>
<p style="text-align: justify;">As an Indirect Personnel Controller, you will be an integral part of HelloFresh's mission to empower our Leadership teams with financial insights and processes that elevate the effectiveness of how we plan and report our corporate personnel costs. Your work will directly contribute to optimizing our Group budgeting process and enhancing operational excellence. You will work on strategic initiatives to refine the quality of our personnel data, increase reporting accuracy, and ensure budget adherence.</p>
<h2><strong>What you’ll do</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Support the continuous improvement of indirect (corporate) personnel controlling processes for our Global and local Leadership teams.</li>
<li>Collaborate with relevant teams, including <span class="Asgive ng" data-ddnwab-gr="v4g\_1\_0">FP&amp;A, Accounting, and People, to support and maintain accurate reporting in relation to</span> personnel costs.</li>
<li>Assist in <span class="Asgive ng" data-ddnwab-gr="v4g\_2\_0">the coordination of</span> the budget process for indirect (corporate) personnel, ensuring accurate and timely submission.</li>
<li>Work closely with the Senior Indirect Personnel Controller.</li>
<li>Perform variance analysis and <span class="Asgive ng" data-ddnwab-gr="v4g\_3\_0">reporting</span> on personnel expenditure versus budget, summarizing key findings and trends.</li>
<li>Collaborate with Finance teams in our local markets to ensure consistency and transparency in the budgeting, accounting and reporting of local entity nuances, such as voluntary and statutory benefits.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Analyse non-personnel costs such as consultancy, contractors and potentially T&amp;E.</li>
<li>Support the maintenance and improvement of intercompany personnel recharges reporting to ensure cost transparency.</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>What you’ll bring</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>3+ years of experience in financial controlling, FP&amp;A, or a similar role, ideally in a fast-paced, data-driven environment.</li>
<li>Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in Finance, Accounting, Business Administration, or a related field. An MBA is a plus.</li>
<li>Proven experience in managing budgets, financial analysis, and forecasting with a good understanding of accounting for personnel costs. Previous experience with intercompany recharges is a plus.</li>
<li>Strong analytical and problem-solving skills, with the ability to translate complex data into actionable insights.</li>
<li>Strong communication skills, with the ability to effectively collaborate with cross-functional teams and present financial insights.</li>
<li>Proficiency in financial modeling, data analysis tools, and advanced Excel skills. Experience with BI tools such as Tableau, Power BI, or similar is a plus.</li>
<li>Ability to work independently, prioritize effectively, and manage multiple projects in a fast-paced environment.</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>What we offer</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li><strong>Global collaboration at scale:</strong> Collaborate with teams across HelloFresh's international offices, in a culture of active knowledge sharing.</li>
<li><strong>Technology with real-world impact:</strong>&nbsp;Build and operate modern systems at global scale, supporting 6+ millions of customers and complex supply chain operations.</li>
<li><strong>Technical/Product/Design leadership:</strong>&nbsp;Drive best practices and influence architecture/design, quality, and ways of working in an autonomous, product-led setup.</li>
<li><strong>End-to-end development/delivery:</strong>&nbsp;Drive decisions from problem definition to production, improving systems and enabling long-term scalability.</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Are you up for the challenge?</strong></h2>
<p style="text-align: justify;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Please submit your complete application below including your salary expectations and earliest starting date.</span></p>
<p style="text-align: justify;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">After submitting an application our team will review this and get back to you within 5 business days.&nbsp;</span></p>