<p>Canonical is a leading provider of open source software and operating systems to the global enterprise and technology markets. Our platform, Ubuntu, is very widely used in breakthrough enterprise initiatives such as public cloud, data science, AI, engineering innovation and IoT. Our customers include the world's leading public cloud and silicon providers, and industry leaders in many sectors. The company is a pioneer of global distributed collaboration, with 1200+ colleagues in 75+ countries and very few office based roles. Teams meet two to four times yearly in person, in interesting locations around the world, to align on strategy and execution.</p>
<p>The company is founder led, profitable and growing.</p>
<p>We are looking for an outstanding <strong>content marketing lead</strong> to lead our content efforts and manage a team of brilliant writers and content strategists. Canonical has a robust portfolio of open source products and offers support for a wide range of open source technologies. This role is for someone who cares deeply about narrative quality and wants to elevate our brand positioning. It requires process discipline and creative smarts, leadership skills and performance-driven strategy to ensure our content aligns with our business objectives.&nbsp;</p>
<p>The ideal candidate is passionate about technology, technology marketing and the use of technology in marketing. They would love to gain experience optimizing content processes, coaching others on their narrative skills and building brand authority. They enjoy learning and improving themselves, the team and the organization. They problem solve, get hands-on, experiment, measure and use automation to make daily life easier. To succeed in this role, the candidate must be metrics-driven, highly organized and skilled at team development, capacity planning and cross-functional collaboration. &nbsp;</p>
<p>This role reports to the Director of Communications.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Location:</strong> This role is home based in the EMEA region.&nbsp;</p>
<h2>What your day will look like</h2>
<ul>
<li>Develop and execute a content marketing strategy that aligns with our business goals, SEO and brand.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Manage our content calendar end to end, ensuring content is efficiently produced with minimum friction and process clarity.</li>
<li>Ensure content quality, consistency and brand alignment in everything we produce.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Collaborate with our web and growth engineering teams to optimize content for search and AI engines, building on proven SEO or GEO expertise.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Supervise quarterly content planning sessions and work closely with content specialists, product management and marketing to optimize content plans.</li>
<li>Monitor and report on KPIs for our content program and use analytics tools to identify improvement opportunities.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Align messaging to ensure integrated campaign support across channels, working closely with our marketing, product and brand teams.</li>
</ul>
<h2>What we are looking for in you</h2>
<ul>
<li>At least 5 years of work experience in content or related roles, preferably at&nbsp; technology companies, with 2+ years of experience as a manager or team lead.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Proven experience creating authoritative and engaging content. Portfolio of written work required.</li>
<li>Applied knowledge of GEO and SEO, experience with relevant tools and SEO-driven content calendars.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Excellent project management and interpersonal skills with the ability to create highly efficient processes for content production and reuse.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Bachelor’s degree in marketing, communications or a relevant discipline.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Someone who is passionate about technology and open source.&nbsp;</li>
<li>A problem solver: you don’t shy away from taking on challenges and see projects through to completion.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Attention to detail and appreciation for standards: you value quality and accuracy but can adapt quickly when the need arises.</li>
</ul>
<h2>What we offer you</h2>
<p>Your base pay will depend on various factors including your geographical location, level of experience, knowledge and skills. In addition to the benefits above, certain roles are also eligible for additional benefits and rewards including annual bonuses and sales incentives based on revenue or utilization. Our compensation philosophy is to ensure equity right across our global workforce. &nbsp;<br>In addition to a competitive base pay, we provide all team members with additional benefits, which reflect our values and ideals. Please note that additional benefits may apply depending on the work location and, for more information on these, please ask your Talent Partner.</p>
<p>🏠Fully remote working environment - we’ve been working remotely since 2004!</p>
<p>📚Personal learning and development budget of 2,000 USD per annum</p>
<p>💰Annual compensation review</p>
<p>🏆Recognition rewards</p>
<p>🏝 Annual holiday leave</p>
<p>👶Parental Leave</p>
<p>🧑‍💼Employee Assistance Programme</p>
<p>🧳Opportunity to travel to new locations to meet colleagues at ‘sprints’</p>
<h2><strong>About Canonical</strong></h2>
<p>Canonical is a pioneering tech firm at the forefront of the global move to open source. As the company that publishes Ubuntu, one of the most important open-source projects and the platform for AI, IoT, and the cloud, we are changing the world of software. We recruit on a global basis and set a very high standard for people joining the company. We expect excellence; in order to succeed, we need to be the best at what we do. Most colleagues at Canonical have worked from home since our inception in 2004.​ Working here is a step into the future and will challenge you to think differently, work smarter, learn new skills, and raise your game.</p>
<h2><strong>Canonical is an equal opportunity employer</strong></h2>
<p>We are proud to foster a workplace free from discrimination. Diversity of experience, perspectives, and background create a better work environment and better products. <a href="https://canonical.com/careers/diversity/identity">Whatever your identity, we will give your application fair consideration.</a></p>
<p>#LI-remote&nbsp;</p>