<p>
  <strong>Headquarters:</strong> Ukraine
</p>

<p><a href="https://obrio.co/"><strong>OBRIO</strong></a> is an IT company with Ukrainian roots inside Genesis business ecosystem. We’re <a href="https://forbes.ua/news/forbes-ta-robotaua-nagorodili-naykrashchikh-robotodavtsiv-ukraini-khto-ocholiv-reyting-25042025-29207">a Forbes-recognized lovemark brand</a> with the highest eNPS in 2025. Our team consists of more than <strong>300 </strong>talented professionals, whose ambitions and striving for success help us build the best products on the market. We have offices in Kyiv, Lviv and Warsaw.<br></p> <p>We are developing <a href="http://asknebula.com/"><strong>Nebula</strong></a> – the biggest brand in the spiritual niche:</p> <ul><li><a href="http://asknebula.com/"><em>Nebula</em></a><em> is</em> #1 <em>in its niche in terms of downloads and revenue targets;</em></li><li><em>60 million users worldwide;</em></li><li><em>Users from 50+ countries;</em></li><li><em>4.8 - our average AppStore rating (with more than 215 thousand ratings).</em></li></ul> <p>We are actively seeking a dynamic <strong>Growth</strong> <strong>Product Manager</strong> to join our team. In this role, you will be developing new positioning strategies for subscription web funnels. You will work closely with our marketing team to gain insights into our audience, market dynamics, and engagement channels, allowing you to create targeted strategies for diverse user segments. </p> <p>You will collaborate with your <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/eduard-vasylchykov/">direct manager</a> (Lead Product Manager) and four Growth Product Managers, each overseeing their own area of responsibility. Every Product Manager is supported by a dedicated cross-functional team that includes a Frontend and Backend Developer, UX Writer, UX/UI Designers, QA Engineers, as well as specialists from the Marketing and Analytics teams.</p> <p><strong>This position is a perfect match for you if you excel in a fast-paced environment and enjoy seeing results of your work quickly. </strong><br></p> <p><strong><strong>Why You’ll Thrive Here:</strong></strong><br></p> <ul><li><strong><strong></strong> Enhance your expertise</strong>: Develop skills in managing a high-load product with different monetization models (advertising/subscription/transactional);</li><li><strong>️ We prioritize automation of routine processes,</strong> allowing you to focus on high-impact initiatives. <strong>Leverage AI tools</strong> for analysis and hypothesis generation — we actively integrate modern technology into our workflow.</li><li><strong><strong></strong> Supporting your professional growth is our commitment: </strong>We provide access to a comprehensive corporate library (including Reforge membership), allocate an annual educational budget per employee, and nurture a networking culture with industry experts. You’ll also have the chance to explore horizontal growth opportunities, transitioning between products and broaden your expertise across domains.</li><li><strong> High degree of autonomy in decision-making: </strong>We set clear goals, but how you achieve them — the tools, methods, and solutions — is entirely up to you. We value your independent thinking and trust you to own the process.</li></ul> <p><strong>Your impact:</strong><br></p> <ul><li>Work closely with marketing, design, and technical teams, ensuring a seamless product cycle. Gather team insights and align them with the overall company strategy;</li><li>Formulate, test, and validate numerous hypotheses to positively impact key metrics related to subscription monetization;</li><li>Take charge of product development budgets and timelines, ensuring adherence and delivering exceptional results;</li><li>Develop and maintain the product roadmap, outlining short and long-term goals for Nebula;</li><li>Analyze competitors and market changes, communicating our bottlenecks in a timely manner;</li><li>Continuously seek additional business growth points to fortify Nebula's market dominance.</li></ul> <p><strong>About you:</strong><br></p> <ul><li>At least 1 year of commercial experience in a similar role <strong>(we’re open to candidates of all levels — Junior, Middle, or Senior)</strong>.</li><li>Practical experience in generating ideas and working with monetization models;</li><li>Experience managing 3 or more projects simultaneously and strong multitasking skills <em>(this is a nice-to-have for Junior-level candidates)</em>;</li><li>Practical experience with A/B testing;</li><li>Experience working with analytical data using platforms such as Amplitude/Heap/Mixpanel or GA4, as well as Tableau;</li><li>Understand product metrics and have practical experience in improving them through hypotheses;</li><li>Understand statistics, probability and statistical significance of events;</li><li>Flexible and capable of adapting to changing conditions;</li><li>Knowledge about user acquisition, product marketing, and web development team dynamics.</li></ul> <p><strong>Nice-to-have:</strong><br></p> <ul><li>Experience with subscriptions and content;</li><li>Experience with SQL, XML, JSON;</li><li>Experience with Jira &amp; Confluence.</li></ul> <p><strong>Our benefits:</strong><br></p> <ul><li>Work from the comfort of your home or from one of our offices in Kyiv, Lviv or Warsaw. The choice is yours!</li><li>Enjoy 20 annual vacation days and unlimited sick leave, all covered by the company;</li><li>Don't worry about getting the right equipment, we've got you covered if necessary;</li><li>Stay healthy with access to a corporate doctor online, and health insurance options in Ukraine or a fixed amount towards insurance abroad after your probation period;</li><li>Keep learning with our extensive corporate library, internal online meetings, and lectures;</li><li>Grow your skills with our training compensation program;</li><li>Take advantage of our supportive corporate culture, including assistance with relocation, advice on legal stay abroad, housing support, and help for third-country nationals;</li><li>Have fun with our online events and team-building activities!</li></ul> <p><strong>Here's what our hiring journey looks like:</strong> Intro call with a Recruiter  ️ Interview with Lead Product Manager  ️ Skill Assessment ️ Final Talk with OBRIO's CPO ️ Job Offer.</p> <p>Let's team up and reach for the stars together!</p> <p>More about us on social media:<a href="https://www.facebook.com/obrio.genesis"> </a><a href="https://www.instagram.com/obrio.tech/">Instagram</a>,<a href="https://www.linkedin.com/company/obrio-genesis/"> LinkedIn</a>, <a href="https://www.tiktok.com/@obrio.co">TikTok</a>.</p> <p>Discover our job openings, refer friends, and get an exclusive behind-the-scenes look at OBRIO by joining our <a href="https://t.me/obrio_hr_bot">Telegram</a>. </p>

<p><strong>To apply:</strong> <a href="https://weworkremotely.com/remote-jobs/gen-tech-growth-product-manager-obrio">https://weworkremotely.com/remote-jobs/gen-tech-growth-product-manager-obrio</a></p>