<p>
  <strong>Headquarters:</strong> Mar del Plata, Buenos Aires, Argentina
</p>

<div class="job__description body"><div><p><strong>WHY DEPT®?</strong></p><br><p><span>We are pioneers at heart. What this means, is that we are always leaning forward, thinking of what we can create tomorrow that does not exist today. We were born digital and we are a new model of agency, with a deep skillset in tech and marketing. That’s why we hire curious, self-driven, talented people who never stop innovating.</span></p><br><p><span>Our culture is big enough to cope and small enough to care. Meaning, that with people across 20+ countries, we’re big enough to provide you with the best tools, global opportunities, and benefits that help you thrive. While acting small by investing in you, your growth, your team, and giving you the autonomy to solve our clients problems, no matter where you are in the world.</span></p><br><p><strong>THE ROLE:</strong></p><br><p>The Principal, Visual Design role requires a visionary approach, collaborating with the creative team to not only meet client needs but to establish new benchmarks for conceptual and visual design excellence. A core responsibility is to challenge the team's thinking, pushing beyond conventional problem-solving to deliver transformative, best-in-class solutions.</p><br><p>The ideal candidate is a design expert combining a deep focus on users and an exceptional eye for detail with strong leadership, collaboration, and execution skills. You possess the conviction to lead when necessary and the humility to follow great ideas, regardless of their source. You are committed to meticulous detail and leveraging every challenge as an opportunity for growth.</p><br><p>As part of the creative leadership team, you will play a crucial role in executing the overarching creative and design strategy, ensuring the team's activities align with and significantly contribute to the organization's strategic short and long-term success.</p><br><p><strong>WHAT YOU’LL DO:</strong></p><br><ul><br><li>Closely collaborate with multidisciplinary teams of talented people.</li><br><li>Lead and mentor the creative team, fostering a collaborative, optimistic, and proactive culture.&nbsp;</li><br><li>Bring a fresh, insightful point of view that inspires both the internal team and the client, putting the team and client first.</li><br><li>Define and implement successful design strategies, setting high visual and conceptual standards for all company efforts (including websites, branding, UX, and content).</li><br><li>Generate strategic insights and moodboards to facilitate creative innovation.</li><br><li>Drive complex digital projects from kick-off to completion, ensuring the team's deliverables exceed client expectations and stay within budget and deadlines.&nbsp;</li><br><li>Establish project direction, craft guidelines, and assist with production as needed.</li><br><li>Identify key client decision-makers and leverage excellent interpersonal skills to grow and maintain these relationships, collaborating across all internal departments and external stakeholders to achieve desired results.</li><br><li>Actively contribute to the design discipline through mentoring, conversation, and proposing ideas to elevate company operations and improve processes.</li><br></ul><br><p><strong>WHAT YOU BRING:</strong></p><br><ul><br><li>5+ years of proven experience in design and interactive work for leading brands, including 2+ years in a leadership role.</li><br><li>Bachelor’s Degree in Design, Visual Arts, or a related field, or equivalent professional experience.</li><br><li>Mastery of Figma (including components, variants, and auto layout) and familiarity with essential collaboration tools (e.g., Hubspot, Google Suite, Slack).</li><br><li>Strong knowledge and experience in visual design, user-centered experience design, interaction design, and brand development. Experience developing and maintaining a robust design system.</li><br><li>Demonstrated ability to provide strategic vision and creative inspiration to large, diverse teams.</li><br><li>Excellent public speaking and presentation skills with the ability to clearly articulate complex information to clients and internal stakeholders.</li><br><li>Highly detail-oriented, proactive, comfortable navigating complex organizations, and focused on strategic problem-solving and process efficiency.</li><br></ul><br><p><strong>TAKE INTO ACCOUNT:</strong></p><br><ul><br><li>You will have to communicate with your team members abroad, therefore fluency in English and excellent communication skills (both written and verbal) are a must for this role.</li><br></ul><br><p><strong>WHAT DO WE OFFER?</strong></p><br><ul><br><li>We enjoy spending time together, working closely with other local colleagues, and getting to know one another. Our Buenos Aires offices (Villa Crespo or Mar del Plata) are fully equipped with refreshments and great common spaces!</li><br><li>Premium healthcare through OSDE for the employee and their immediate family members</li><br><li>Mendel prepaid card with a monthly allowance for grocery purchases</li><br><li>Monthly reimbursements for Wi-Fi/electricity expenses</li><br><li>Monthly reimbursements for training/English classes</li><br><li>100% covered “Plan Total” membership at Sportclub</li><br><li>Access to a our benefits platform through Bonda</li><br><li>A flexible vacation policy<br><br></li><br></ul><br><h3><strong>WE SUPPORT YOU BEING YOU:&nbsp;</strong></h3><br><p><strong>DEPT®</strong><span> is an equal opportunity employer (EOE). We believe our work is its best when our people feel safe and free to be themselves. We’re committed to an inclusive and barrier-free recruitment and selection process and workplace, regardless of anyone’s identity, background, beliefs, lifestyle or disabilities. So tell us about any accommodations you need. It’s totally confidential and only used to make sure you feel fully supported at every step.&nbsp;</span></p><br><p><span>We are a </span><a href="https://www.deptagency.com/the-good-company/becoming-a-good-company/"><span>B Corp-certified</span></a><span> company passionate about </span><a href="https://www.deptagency.com/the-good-company/"><span>purpose-driven work</span></a><span>. </span><span>&nbsp;Our hope is that you can feel good about the contributions DEPT® is making to the world and we always have an open door for your ideas in making the world a better place.</span><span>&nbsp;<br><br></span></p><br><p><strong>DEPT®</strong><span> is a pioneering technology and marketing services company that creates integrated end-to-end digital experiences for brands such as Google, KFC, Philips, Audi, Twitch, Patagonia, eBay and more. Its team of 2,500+ digital specialists across 30+ locations on 5 continents delivers pioneering work on a global scale with a boutique culture.&nbsp;</span></p><br><p><a href="http://www.deptagency.com"><span>Learn more about DEPT®</span></a><br><br></p><br><p><strong>DIVERSITY, EQUITY, &amp; INCLUSION</strong></p><br><p><span>At <strong>DEPT®</strong>, we take pride in creating an inclusive workplace where everyone has an equal opportunity to thrive. We actively seek to recruit, develop, nurture, and retain talented individuals from diverse backgrounds, with varying skills and perspectives. </span></p><br><p><span>Not sure you meet all qualifications? Apply, and let us decide! Research shows that women and members of underrepresented groups tend not to apply for jobs when they think they may not meet every requirement, when in fact they do. We believe in giving everyone a fair chance to shine. </span></p><br><p><span>We also encourage you to reach out to us and discuss any reasonable adjustments we can make to support you throughout the recruitment process and your time with us. </span></p><br><p><span>Want to know more about our dedication to diversity, equity, and inclusion? Check out our efforts <a href="https://www.deptagency.com/the-good-company/">here</a>.<br><br>#LI-Hybrid #LI-Remote<br></span></p></div></div>

<p><strong>To apply:</strong> <a href="https://weworkremotely.com/remote-jobs/dept-principal-visual-design">https://weworkremotely.com/remote-jobs/dept-principal-visual-design</a></p>