<p>Building on the rapid success and adoption of MongoDB, we are delivering applications and services that make it much easier to manage and scale database deployments. These next-generation systems are a growing list but currently include products such as Atlas (<a href="https://cloud.mongodb.com/">https://cloud.mongodb.com</a>), Cloud Manager and Compass.</p>
<p>MongoDB Technical Services Engineers use their outstanding problem solving and customer service skills, along with their deep technical experience, to advise customers and to solve their complex MongoDB problems. Technical Service Engineers are specialists in the entire MongoDB ecosystem - database server, drivers, our management suite, and services such as Cloud Manager (the online product we developed for customers for automation, backup, monitoring, and analysis of their MongoDB systems). Our engineers combine their MongoDB expertise with passion, initiative, teamwork, and a great sense of humor to achieve exceptional results for our customers.</p>
<p>The position will be based in our Sydney or Melbourne offices. The standard work week post ramping will be Sunday to Thursday, every week.</p>
<h3><strong>Why MongoDB is a fantastic place to work and build your career</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Be a part of the company that’s reinventing the database, passionate about innovation and speed</li>
<li>Enjoy a fun, inspiring culture that is engineering focused</li>
<li>Work with exceptionally talented people around the globe</li>
<li>Learn, contribute, and make an impact on the product and community</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>Cool things you’ll do</strong></h3>
<p>MongoDB is on a mission to change the way people think about databases. Along the way, our customers encounter questions and issues about how our approach to databases works for their use case. In Technical Services, it's our job to help these people.</p>
<p>You'll be working alongside our largest customers, solving their complex issues - resolving questions on architecture, performance, recovery, security, and everything in between. You'll be an expert resource on standard methodologies in running MongoDB at scale, whatever that scale may be. You'll be an advocate for customers' needs - working with our product management and development teams on their behalf. And you'll contribute to internal projects, including software development of support tools for performance, benchmarking, and diagnostics.&nbsp;</p>
<p>MongoDB Technical Services puts a strong focus on engineers enabling their peers to be successful by sharing newly gained technical knowledge with the team, either via informal one-to-one conversations, or training and workshop sessions. By documenting solutions in our knowledge platform, TSEs will increase the efficiency of our customers, other team members and departments throughout MongoDB.&nbsp;</p>
<h3><strong>What you need</strong></h3>
<p>You should have 4+ years of proven experience, we consider all candidates with an eye for those who are self-taught, insatiably curious, and multi-faceted.</p>
<h3><strong>The ideal candidate should have a mix of experience in most of the following areas:&nbsp;</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Strong diagnostics and troubleshooting experience, with the ability to analyse issues holistically, from the application tier, to database to storage</li>
<li>Broad awareness of customer workloads and use cases, including performance, availability, and scalability</li>
<li>Systems engineering experience, including Linux performance, memory management, I/O tuning, configuration, security, networking, clusters, and troubleshooting</li>
<li>Ability to read code, and basic coding/scripting ability in one or more languages: Java, Python, Ruby, C, C++, C#, JavaScript, Node.js, Go, etc</li>
<li>Good understanding of Networking concepts and protocols (DNS, TCP/IP, SSL/TLS, etc.)</li>
<li>Storage engineering experience, including NAS, RAID, SAN, SSD, multi-pathing, and caching</li>
<li>Experience supporting complex mission-critical product applications and database systems (RDBMS or non-relational)</li>
</ul>
<p>You should possess a genuine desire to help people, the ability to think on your feet and remain calm under pressure while solving problems in real-time. There’s a lot to learn, so the desire and ability to rapidly learn a wide variety of new technical skills is paramount. We work in a collaborative team environment, so a willingness and ability to get help from team members when required, and good judgment to know when to seek help, is essential. We also aim to have diverse technical backgrounds and therefore different subject matter expertise is welcome.</p>
<p><em>You do not need to have prior experience with MongoDB. We can teach you that!&nbsp;</em></p>
<h3><strong>Bonus Points</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Fluency in conveying technical discussion in Mandarin</li>
<li>Experience with authentication systems such as LDAP, Kerberos, AD</li>
<li>Experience using or managing MongoDB</li>
<li>Experience using distributed version control systems, and in particular git</li>
<li>Experience using any cloud services stack such as AWS, Azure or GCP</li>
<li>Experience with Kubernetes or other orchestration systems using vendor-specific Enterprise operators</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>Success Measures</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>In 3 months, you’ll have gained a deep understanding of MongoDB and its ecosystem. You will complete New Hire Training</li>
<li>In 6 months, you will be comfortable working frontline with our customers. You will also complete the MongoDB Certified DBA Associate exam</li>
<li>In 12 months, you will be a part of a technical experts group within MongoDB and will be helping your peer engineers in advance diagnostics. Also, you will be encouraged to handle technical escalations independently</li>
</ul>
<h3>About MongoDB</h3>
<p>MongoDB is built for change, empowering our customers and our people to innovate at the speed of the market. We have redefined the database for the AI era, enabling innovators to create, transform, and disrupt industries with software. MongoDB’s unified database platform, the most widely available, globally distributed database on the market, helps organizations modernize legacy workloads, embrace innovation, and unleash AI. Our cloud-native platform, MongoDB Atlas, is the only globally distributed, multi-cloud database and is available across AWS, Google Cloud, and Microsoft Azure.</p>
<p>With offices worldwide and over 60,000 customers, including 75% of the Fortune 100 and AI-native startups, relying on MongoDB for their most important applications, we’re powering the next era of software.</p>
<p>Our compass at MongoDB is our <a href="https://www.mongodb.com/company">Leadership Commitment,</a> guiding how and why we make decisions, show up for each other, and win. It’s what makes us MongoDB.&nbsp;</p>
<p>To drive the personal growth and business impact of our employees, we’re committed to developing a supportive and enriching culture for everyone. <a href="https://www.mongodb.com/company/blog/culture/employee-benefits-that-make-a-difference-at-mongodb">From employee affinity groups, to fertility assistance and a generous parental leave policy</a>, we value our employees’ wellbeing and want to support them along every step of their professional and personal journeys.<a href="https://www.mongodb.com/blog/channel/culture"> Learn more about what it’s like to work at MongoDB</a>, and help us make an impact on the world!</p>
<p>MongoDB is committed to providing any necessary accommodations for individuals with disabilities within our application and interview process. To request an accommodation due to a disability, please inform your recruiter.</p>
<p>MongoDB is an equal opportunities employer.</p>
<p><em>REQ ID: 1273397152</em></p>