**Wer sind wir?**

**Veepee**(ehemals vente-privee) ist eines der erfolgreichsten europäischen E-Commerce Unternehmen: Wir arbeiten eng mit über 7000 Partnermarken zusammen und bieten unseren mehr als 72 Millionen Kunden täglich neue Verkaufsaktionen an.

Von Fashion bis hin zu Lifestyle. Uns treibt die Leidenschaft für Marken. Wir möchten unsere Kunden jeden Tag begeistern und Lust auf mehr machen.

**Du kennst uns nicht?**

Das wollen wir ändern! **Veepee**- ausgesprochen [vi:pi:] - wurde 2001 in Frankreich gegründet. Mittlerweile sind wir über 5000 Mitarbeiter in 12 Ländern. Seit 2006 gibt es uns auch in Deutschland mit Büros in Düsseldorf und Berlin.

Tauche ein in unsere Markenwelt und besuche uns auf [www.veepee.de](http://www.veepee.de/).

## 📄 JOB DESCRIPTION

- Reporting to the Business Manager, the Key Account Manager is responsible for managing the brands present on the BrandsPlace ( VEEPEE Marketplace) on a daily basis, ensuring the animation of the offer (analysis, improvement levers, and planning) in line with the revenue target and the expected level of service in the category.
- He/she also contributes to the growth of the categories through business development aimed at increasing the number of sellers present on BrandsPlace (prospecting, pitching, selling, and negotiating until closing the deals).

## 🎯 TASKS

- Within Veepee's commercial department, we are looking for a Key Account Manager to be responsible for the following tasks:
- Creating a trusting relationship with brands and managing them daily: regular calls, visits, newsletters, setting up and presenting client KPIs.
- Improving presence and performance on the marketplace, planning (building annual business plans), animating the offer (events, themes, finding the best catalog mix - stock, reference, price, etc.).
- Analyzing brand performance in the category and reporting KPIs to all stakeholders.
- Coordinating with other marketplace roles (brand support, business developer, e-merchandiser, etc.) and internal departments to ensure quality service to brands and an excellent member experience.
- Prospecting and identifying new sellers; initiating contact, leading meetings from pitch to contract signing.
- Acting as their daily contact for all strategic, operational, and technical questions (business, customer service, technical, etc.).
- Being proactive and implementing any initiative likely to develop or optimize the activities of the Marketplace team or the business.
- Coordination with KAM of the other countries to improve performances, animating the offer of the import and export sellers

## 👉 MUST HAVE skills

- With higher education in business or marketing, you have at least 3 years of professional experience in a similar position, ideally in the e-commerce/multi-brand/marketplace sector.
- You have a customer service attitude and are business-oriented
- You are organized and rigorous
- You are proactive and agile
- You have excellent interpersonal skills and a strong sense of negotiation
- You are fluent in German and English
- Proficiency in Excel is required.

## ✅ BENEFITS

- 👉Variable bonus
- 👉Flexible Office with up to 2 days at home
- 👉Online language learning Platform
- 👉50% financial support for gym and sports club memberships
- 👉Full monthly payment of the "Deutschlandticket" (local transport ticket)
- 👉Medical supplementary insurance
- 👉Possibility to take advantage of a company pension plan

## ⚙️RECRUITMENT PROCESS

- 1️⃣HR interview with the recruiter
- 2️⃣ Interview with the manager
- 3️⃣Interview with the Sales Director
- We are convinced that it is up to you to define the way you work, to develop yourself and to progress. At Veepee we guarantee that you can just be yourself!For the service of diversity and inclusion, Veepee is committed to reviewing all applications received on an equal basis.

## 🔗COMPANY

- For more information about our ecosystem :  <https://careers.veepee.com/en/home-page-en/>

**[DE]** Sollte Dir die Position zusagen, freuen wir uns über Deine Bewerbung. Sende uns bitte Deinen Lebenslauf und ein Anschreiben mit Deiner Gehaltsvorstellung und dem frühestmöglichen Eintrittstermin über unser Bewerbungsportal zu.

**[ENG]** If the position appeals to you, we look forward to receiving your application. Please send us your CV and a cover letter with your salary expectations and the earliest possible starting date via our application portal.

[**Vente-privee.com**](http://Vente-privee.com) **Deutschland GmbH**

Skady Roeder

HR Generalist

Speditionstraße 17

40221 Düsseldorf

sroeder[@vente-privee.com](mailto:arunzheimer@vente-privee.com)

[http://www.veepee.de](http://www.vente-privee.com/)

The Veepee Group processes your data collected as part of the management of your recruitment in order to manage your application file for the position for which you have applied. To find out more about our [personal data protection policy](https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vSo1RtdSKVW0sLLtdwWOSoM3PzGXfqS030q1JrdJXDuOJXfhVwx_YLrrQYJcLQUpA/pub), we invite you to consult it on our career site.