**About the Team**

It’s no secret that Meesho is making massive leaps towards becoming the most used e-commerce app in India. Our Finance team has a key role to play in the company's success. Here’s your chance to be a part of the Meesho success story!😎

As Deputy Manager - Finance, you will be one among the 50+ professionals working in domains such as Financial Reporting, Finance Operations, Business Finance, Treasury Management and Taxation. The team consists of Chartered Accountants, Business experts and Engineers, who have previously worked for internationally renowned organizations.

Our team believes in working hard and partying harder. We organize team trivia nights, board game marathons, and other fun events to foster our team spirit💥.

**About the role**

We are looking for an Deputy Manager Finance who can enable the scale-up of Supply Chain for Meesho’s overall Marketplace platform by providing value-added finance solutions. Meesho’s Supply Chain quantum is >$500m/annum and we are the biggest customer for all the large Supply chain solution companies in India. Meesho has also developed its captive supply chain solution which is unique and helps us transform our logistics offering to our sellers. In this role you will take ownership of the finance operations of this Business. You will work in a fast-paced environment, creating newsystems and processes. You will also ensure that we are balancing customer needs,competitive landscapes and strategic priorities constantly

## What you will do

- Cross Functional Insight & Collaboration - Translate complex analytics into actionable insights for Operations, Finance, Product & Audit stakeholders—e.g. cost leakage patterns, dispute frequency drivers, high risk lanes.
- Developing automated programs that help validate the invoices raised by our external Logistics Partners. Add significant value by critically analysing instances of billing errors that are not in sync with the rate cards and work closely with the Operations team for closure of disputes raised with logistics partner
- Build and maintain real time KPI & Control Tower Dashboard by integrating data across TMS, ERP, and external feeds.
- Identify cost optimization opportunities
- Technology & Automation Initiatives - Pilot or integrate smart data capture systems to automate invoice capture, delivery confirmations, and van reconciliation, minimizing manual errors
- Explore RPA or Gen AI agents to process billing disputes, query logistics partners, or flag anomalies automatically
- Help de-bottleneck supply operations by providing innovative finance solutions to business challenges
- Lead a team of 2-4 members and supervise interactions with logistics partner for resolving disputes and any other queries
- Collaborate with Product for strengthening financial controls in supply chain and automate new use cases.
- Oversee reconciliation of Cash collections from delivery agents. Investigate and resolve any mismatches.
- Liaison with Internal & Statutory Auditors for timely closure of audit requirements

## What will you need

- Chartered Accountants
- Articleship in Big 4 preferred
- 2-3 years of post qualification experience majorly in a startup.
- Experience in Supply Chain controllership is an added advantage
- Strong business acumen with a financial inclination
- Good understanding of Accounting nuances
- Demonstrated experience in Business Partnering & external stakeholder management
- Strong bias for speed for execution
- Ability to multitask, think critically and execute tactically
- Have a proven track record of finding innovative solutions to business problems