<div class="content-intro"><div data-lark-html-role="root"><span class="text-only" data-eleid="5"><span class="text-only">Join us as we scale our business by building on our tremendous success around the world. The massive database market is going to double over the next few years and </span><span class="text-only text-with-abbreviation text-with-abbreviation-bottomline">TiDB</span><span class="text-only"> is a global player positioned as a major disruptor with TiDB Database and </span><span class="text-only text-with-abbreviation text-with-abbreviation-bottomline">Database as a Service</span><span class="text-only"> offering. TiDB is the proven enterprise database foundation for the AI era. We help companies solve today’s database problems. Cost, scale, downtime, and complexity. With a distributed </span><span class="text-only text-with-abbreviation text-with-abbreviation-bottomline">SQL</span><span class="text-only"> architecture that is already battle-tested at enterprise scale. And now we help those same companies future-proof for innovating with AI, by giving them one unified foundation for transactional state, vector context, real-time analytics, and safe agent operations. In a world where AI agents need to work on fresh data, act safely, and scale economically, TiDB is not another database add-on. It is the highway system for agentic workloads. Large and high-growth organizations in markets as varied as financial services, logistics, gaming, e-commerce and software as a service have successfully deployed and expanded their TiDB footprint on mission-critical applications. Our strong open-source community roots (40,000+ stars on GitHub), innovative products and inclusive culture draw passionate and dedicated people to our company. Learn more about TiDB careers and join our team to be at the forefront of innovation and growth.</span></span></div></div><div>
<h3>Responsibilities</h3>
</div>
<div>
<div>
<ul>
<li>Serve as the trusted advisor and technical point of contact for assigned customers.</li>
<li>Build and maintain strong relationships with key stakeholders, understanding their technical architectures and requirements, their business objectives, and challenges.</li>
<li>Provide technical guidance, best practices, and solution recommendations to help customers maximize the value of TiDB products and services.</li>
<li>Collaborate with sales, service, and solutions architecture teams to drive customer success, satisfaction, and growth. Proactively identify opportunities for improvement, cost optimization, and performance enhancement in customer environments.</li>
<li>Proactively identify and address technical challenges, act as an escalation point for technical issues, and coordinate with internal teams to ensure timely resolution.</li>
<li>Deliver training sessions, workshops, and presentations to customers and internal stakeholders to enhance their understanding and adoption of TiDB products.</li>
<li>Maintain up-to-date knowledge of TiDB products, roadmaps, features, and industry trends.</li>
</ul>
</div>
<div>
<h3>Qualifications</h3>
</div>
<div>
<div>
<ul>
<li>Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or a related field</li>
<li>Previous experience in technical account management, customer success, or consulting roles</li>
<li>Strong understanding of database and distributed system-related products and technologies</li>
<li>Excellent communication, collaboration, and problem-solving skills</li>
<li>Ability to manage complex technical projects and prioritize competing demands effectively</li>
<li>Certifications, such as PMM Project Management Professional (PMP), PingCAP Certified TiDB Professional (PCTP), Oracle Certified Professional (OCP), and AWS Certified Solutions Architect - Professional, are a plus.</li>
<li>Experience working with enterprise customers and managing stakeholder relationships is a plus.</li>
</ul>
</div>
</div>
</div><div class="content-conclusion"><p><em>We encourage people from underrepresented groups to apply. Come advance with us! In keeping with our values, no employee or applicant will face discrimination/harassment based on: race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, age, gender, marital domestic partner status, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability status, or veteran status. TiDB also strives to prevent other, subtler forms of inappropriate behavior (e.g., stereotyping) from ever gaining a foothold in our organization. Whether blatant or hidden, barriers to success have no place at TiDB.</em></p></div>