<p>At SumUp, we are driven to empower small businesses across the globe by de-hassling their lives and helping them to succeed. Our vision as a global FinTech company is to build the first-ever global card acceptance brand, and we are well on our way as small businesses in over 31 countries around the world rely on SumUp to get paid. If you would like to be part of a global team, putting business partnering and innovation in the core of its priorities, this might be the right role for you.<br><br>As an Onboarding Agent, you will facilitate the <strong>verification process</strong> for our clients - small to medium European businesses. At the same time, the Onboarding team ensures that SumUp follows the highest compliance standards and is compliant with all applicable AML regulations.</p>
<p>In this role, you will provide support to our clients exclusively through <strong>non-voice communication (no phone)</strong> during <strong>daytime flexible hours.&nbsp;<br><br></strong></p>
<p><strong>What you'll do:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Communicate with newly-registered merchants via email (only non-voice communication).<br><br></li>
<li>Review and verify merchants’ registration documents.<br><br></li>
<li>Resolve varying levels of queries in a timely and efficient manner.<br><br></li>
<li>Identify and report any trends in merchant queries to senior staff.<br><br></li>
<li>Follow best practices and company policies and procedures.<br><br></li>
<li>Identify changes which can be made that will improve efficiency and customer experience.<br><br></li>
<li>Be equally comfortable working on your own and as part of a team.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong><br>You’ll be great for this role if:<br><br></strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Fluency in Spanish/Portuguese &amp; English, written and spoken, to a high standard.<br><br></li>
<li>You are a strong team player and able to interact with colleagues at all levels.<br><br></li>
<li>Strong time management and organizational skills.<br><br></li>
<li>Enthusiastic, dedicated and willing to learn.&nbsp;<br><br></li>
<li>Previous experience in handling a high volume of support email queries would be an advantage.<br><br></li>
<li>Comfortable working with data.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<h3 id="whyyoushouldjoinsumup"><strong>Why you should join SumUp:<br><br></strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>🌍 You'll play a key role in a scale-up that in turn is part of a truly global team of 3000+ people from 60+ countries, spread across 4 continents.<br><br></li>
<li>🚀 You'll have the opportunity to make an impact irrespective of your job description. You'll have the space to drive your career and take ownership of projects.<br><br></li>
<li>💯 You'll get a Referral bonus if your friend is hired successfully.<br><br></li>
<li>🌴 You'll receive 25 days' paid leave, increasing with tenure, and paid vacation for certain occasions.<br><br></li>
<li>🔋 You'd enjoy a paid 1 month Sabbatical vacation after 3 years.<br><br></li>
<li>📚 You'll receive an individual learning budget and can take 10 days educational leave to expand your skillset.<br><br></li>
<li>🍎 You'd have monthly digital food vouchers.<br><br></li>
<li>⭐️ You'd have monthly budget for a wide choice of benefits and discounts ranging from transport, food, learning and more (re:benefit platform) 🚌🍗💡🎁.<br><br></li>
<li>❤️ You'd have access to additional health insurance, life insurance and co-sponsored Multisport card 🎾.<br><br></li>
<li>💜 You'd enjoy funded therapy &amp; coaching sessions with licensed psychotherapists.<br><br></li>
<li>👶🏼 You'd enjoy a child birth/adoption bonus.<br><br></li>
<li>🚌 You'd have access to a free shuttle buses from Joliot-Curie metro station and more.<br><br></li>
</ul>
<p><span style="text-decoration: underline;"><strong class="cui-body-o5xe cui-body-m-mwmz cui-body-semibold-pt76 cui-body-normal-pvqj cui-body-highlight-kmah css-10dm8y evwnbdz2">This job is on-site - Sofia</strong></span></p>
<h3 id="aboutsumup"><strong>More about SumUp -</strong></h3>
<p>Be empowered to do more that matters.</p>
<p>At SumUp, we're on a mission to empower small businesses across the globe by providing simple and affordable tools that allow them to thrive. Today, over 4 million businesses in 37 markets rely on SumUp as their financial partner to manage payments, finance and customer relationships.</p>
<p>Our commitment to small businesses is reflected in <a href="https://youtu.be/9DG64C3moeQ?si=YpcWuBNBTOQPzeLI">our diverse team</a> of over 3,000 SumUppers from over 90 nationalities, united by global collaboration and an innovative mindset. <a href="https://www.sumup.com/careers/culture/">Our core values</a> lay the foundation for who we are and what we stand for, shaping our work culture and driving our success. We foster inclusivity and a continuous learning culture, providing a safe space for personal and professional growth. Our differences make us unique and strong as we strive to create an environment where everyone belongs and feels supported, no matter how they identify.</p>
<p>SumUp is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity employer, actively seeking and embracing diversity in our workforce. We don't make hiring or employment decisions based on race, colour, religion or religious belief, ethnic or national origin, nationality, sex, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, disability, age or any other basis protected by applicable laws or prohibited by company policy. Our commitment extends beyond recruitment to creating a safe and respectful workplace where harassment of any form is strictly prohibited. Discover more about our culture and opportunities on our <a href="https://www.sumup.com/careers/">careers website</a>, and follow our journey on <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/company/sumup/">LinkedIn</a>, <a href="https://www.instagram.com/insidesumup/">Instagram</a>, and <a href="https://www.tiktok.com/@insidesumup">TikTok</a>.</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>Job Application Tip</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We recognise that candidates feel they need to meet 100% of the job criteria in order to apply for a job. Please note that this is only a guide. If you don’t tick every box, it’s ok too because it means you have room to learn and develop your career at SumUp.</span></p></div>