<div class="content-intro"><h2><span data-sheets-root="1">About Wolt</span></h2>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">At Wolt, we create technology that brings joy, simplicity and earnings to the neighborhoods of the world. In 2014 we started with delivery of restaurant food. Now we’re building the delivery of (almost) everything and you’ll find us in over 500 cities in 30 countries around the world. In 2022 we joined forces with DoorDash and together we keep on dreaming big and expanding across the globe.<br><br>Working at Wolt isn’t always easy, but it’s definitely exciting. Here you’ll learn more, build more, and ship more than in most other companies. You’ll be challenged a lot, but also have a lot of fun on the way. So, if you’re a self-starter with drive and entrepreneurial spirit, this could be the ride of your life.</span></p></div><p>Our company, Wolt License Services (WLS), is a dynamic organization specializing in payment and financial services for our parent company Wolt, a prominent platform marketplace, and Wolt’s customers. WLS currently manages all merchant payment flows across 22 markets, ensuring strict adherence to regulatory requirements, including AML, safeguarding customer funds, and maintaining robust internal controls. As a licensed and supervised payment and e-money institution, we are committed to upholding the highest standards of integrity, transparency, and efficiency in our operations.</p>
<p>As we continue to expand our financial services and drive innovation, we are seeking to strengthen our regulatory compliance capabilities by recruiting a highly skilled and experienced KYC/B Lead to join our 1LoD team. The KYC/B Lead will be responsible for the implementation of a comprehensive business and personal customer onboarding procedures and supporting in ensuring the institution's compliance with AML regulations and FIN-FSA guidelines on customer due diligence. This role requires a deep understanding of regulatory standards, together with knowledge around market best practices for CDD in a fintech and effective communication with key stakeholders across the DoorDash group of companies. The role will report to the Head of Financial Crime Prevention.</p>
<h2>What you'll be doing</h2>
<ul>
<li>Managing activities related to customer due diligence for business and personal customers, including: onboarding, ongoing and enhanced due diligence, customer risk scoring, and management of vendors, who are providing necessary technical capabilities for CDD.</li>
<li>Serve as the subject matter expert for KYC and KYB, leading relevant policy implementations and control designs, monitoring industry best practices developments across EU/EEA and supporting relevant tooling enhancement developments and&nbsp; implementations.</li>
<li>Providing functional guidance to relevant operational teams, including training, clear instructions, and oversight; fostering a strong compliance culture and driving continuous improvements through daily support and awareness programs.</li>
<li>Maintaining full oversight of the customer risk landscape and CDD lifecycles, ensuring all customers are onboarded in a compliant manner and stay compliant throughout their lifecycle.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Supporting in the preparations of regular reports to Senior Management on the status of CDD activities, their risks, compliance, and performance metrics.</li>
<li>Acting as the primary escalation point and bridge between WLS and its customer onboarding operational teams, fostering strong internal cooperation and managing operational teams responses during incidents.</li>
</ul>
<h2>Our humble expectations</h2>
<ul>
<li>Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in Business, Law, Finance or a related field.</li>
<li>6+ years in Financial Crime Prevention within financial services, ideally in a Payment or E-Money Institution or marketplace/payment platform, with proven expertise in framework design, control ownership and regulatory engagement.</li>
<li>Strong understanding of AML/CFT regulations, EU/EEA regulatory frameworks (e.g., Payment Services Directive 2 and the E-Money Directive) and best practices for customer due diligence.</li>
<li>Experience developing technical capabilities and procedures for customer onboarding, overall customer due diligence and enhanced due diligence.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Strong analytical, organizational and communication skills. Ability to work independently and collaboratively in a fast-paced environment while keeping the relevant stakeholders aligned.</li>
<li>Experience working with operations, product, or engineering teams to launch new products or enter new markets is highly advantageous.</li>
</ul>
<h2>Next Steps</h2>
<p>If you are excited about working in a high-growth environment, taking ownership, and being part of an extremely ambitious team, then click below to apply and get the conversation going!&nbsp;</p>
<p>Please note that we do not accept applications sent by mail. You should submit your application through our careers website!</p>
<p><iframe src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/GoL541\_xj9w" width="560" height="314"></iframe></p>
<h2>Compensation</h2>
<p>The successful candidate’s starting pay will fall within the pay range listed below and is determined based on factors such as the candidate’s skills, experience and qualifications. Please note, that the starting pay may vary if the candidate does not fully meet the expectations as outlined in this job posting.&nbsp;</p>
<p>The salary below is the monthly salary range for this position.&nbsp;</p>
<p>To learn more about our benefits, please do not hesitate to bring this up with our Talent Acquisition Partner!</p>
<p class="body body--medium"><strong>Poland Pay Range:</strong></p>
<p class="body">&nbsp;19274 PLN - 24092 PLN&nbsp;</p><div class="content-conclusion"><h2><span data-sheets-root="1">Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion</span></h2>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">We’re committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. That’s why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.</span></p></div>