<div class="content-intro"><p><strong>Secure Every Identity, from AI to Human<br><br></strong>Identity is the key to unlocking the potential of AI. Okta secures AI by building the trusted, neutral infrastructure that enables organizations to safely embrace this new era. This work requires a relentless drive to solve complex challenges with real-world stakes. We are looking for builders and owners who operate with speed and urgency and execute with excellence.<br><br>This is an opportunity to do career-defining work. We're all in on this mission. If you are too, let's talk.</p></div><p><strong>Position Description:</strong></p>
<p>Okta is seeking a <strong>Senior Workday Functional Analyst&nbsp;</strong>to join our Business Solutions Team. In this critical role, you will partner closely with the People Technology leadership and play a key role in our Workday transformation efforts. As part of a cross-functional team, you will collaborate with stakeholders across People, Payroll, IT, Finance, and international offices to optimize and scale our HR systems and processes.</p>
<p>This role is ideal for someone who is passionate about solving complex business challenges, driving innovation through automation, and delivering a best-in-class user experience.</p>
<h4><strong>Job Duties and Responsibilities</strong></h4>
<ul>
<li>Lead full lifecycle Phase X implementations of Workday HCM and Workday Talent or Workday Benefits</li>
<li>Conduct discovery sessions to gather, analyze, and document business requirements</li>
<li>Translate requirements into scalable Workday configurations</li>
<li>Provide strategic recommendations aligned with HR best practices</li>
<li>Serve as a Workday subject matter expert (SME), with strong knowledge across multiple modules HCM and Workday Talent or Workday Benefits</li>
<li>Ensure data integrity and support the ongoing enhancement and adoption of new Workday features and functionality.</li>
<li>Lead all phases of the Workday configuration lifecycle, including gathering business requirements, designing solutions, configuring the system, supporting testing, and driving adoption.</li>
<li>Contribute to internal enablement efforts by providing training and knowledge-sharing opportunities across cross-functional teams.</li>
<li>Design, build, and maintain advanced Workday reports, including Composite, Matrix, and other custom reporting solutions and Workday dashboards.</li>
<li>Manage Workday releases, ensuring new features are tested, adopted, and optimized in a timely manner.</li>
<li>Assist junior team members in day-to-day tasks, configuration activities, and troubleshooting.</li>
</ul>
<h4><strong>Required Skills and Qualifications</strong></h4>
<ul>
<li>5+ years of Workday Functional consulting experience</li>
<li>One or Multiple full lifecycle implementations of Workday HCM and Benefits/Talent</li>
<li>Supported, minimum of one annual event, such as Merit Cycle/Performance Review/Open Enrollment&nbsp;&nbsp;</li>
<li>Strong expertise in either:</li>
<ul>
<li>Workday Talent (Performance, Succession, Career, Talent Review), or</li>
<li>Workday Benefits (Plans, Eligibility, Open Enrollment, Life Events)</li>
</ul>
<li>Deep knowledge of Workday business process configuration</li>
<li>Strong knowledge of Microsoft Excel, including advanced formulas, PivotTables, data analysis, charts, and reporting</li>
<li>Experience with security configuration and reporting</li>
<li>Strong client-facing consulting and workshop facilitation skills</li>
<li>Hands-on experience developing and enhancing custom reports and dashboards in Workday</li>
<li>Strong proficiency in EIB (Enterprise Interface Builder), and Report as a Service (RaaS) integrations</li>
<li>Strong proficiency with Workday Calculated Fields</li>
<li>Strong analytical and problem-solving skills, with the ability to propose and implement scalable solutions.</li>
<li>Excellent interpersonal and communication skills, with the ability to translate complex technical concepts to business audiences.</li>
<li>Comfortable working in a fast-paced, diverse, and collaborative environment.</li>
<li>Eagerness to learn and expand Workday knowledge across additional modules or areas of functionality.</li>
</ul>
<h4><strong>Preferred Skills</strong></h4>
<ul>
<li><strong>Workday Pro or Workday Certification </strong>in HCM and/or Talent/Benefits</li>
<li>Experience with global HCM implementations</li>
<li>Background working in mid-to-large enterprise environments or consulting firms.</li>
<li>Experience with SOX compliance, data governance, and audits.</li>
</ul>
<h4><strong>Key Competencies</strong></h4>
<ul>
<li>Strategic thinking and solution design</li>
<li>Executive communication skills</li>
<li>Stakeholder management</li>
<li>Problem-solving and analytical ability</li>
</ul>
<p>Mentorship and team leadership<br>#LI\_Hybrid<br>#P20246\_3063076</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong><br>The Okta Experience</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><a href="http://rewards.okta.com">Supporting Your Well-Being</a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="https://www.okta.com/company/okta-for-good/">Driving Social Impact&nbsp;</a></li>
<li><a href="https://www.okta.com/company/talent-connection-community/">Developing Talent and Fostering Connection + Community</a></li>
</ul>
<p>We are intentional about connection. Our global community, spanning over 20 offices worldwide, is united by a drive to innovate. Your journey begins with an immersive, in-person onboarding experience designed to accelerate your impact and connect you to our mission and team from day one.<br><br>Okta is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, marital status, age, physical or mental disability, or status as a protected veteran. We also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and convictions records, consistent with applicable laws.<br><br>If reasonable accommodation is needed to complete any part of the job application, interview process, or onboarding please&nbsp;<a href="https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1EfiEYZrIyhA2X4Fijk0R3RKYOzNoS3wtvyM4nhbZnXE/edit">use this Form</a> to request an accommodation.<br><br>Notice for New York City Applicants &amp; Employees: Okta may use Automated Employment Decision Tools (AEDT), as defined by New York City Local Law 144, that use artificial intelligence, machine learning, or other automated processes to assist in our recruitment and hiring process. In accordance with NYC Local Law 144, if you are an applicant or employee residing in New York City, please&nbsp;<a href="https://talent.okta.com/new-york-city-aedt-notice.html">click here</a> to view our full NYC AEDT Notice.<br><br>Okta is committed to complying with applicable data privacy and security laws and regulations. For more information, please see our Personnel and Job Candidate Privacy Notice at&nbsp;<a href="https://www.okta.com/legal/personnel-policy/">https://www.okta.com/legal/personnel-policy/</a>.</p></div>