<div class="content-intro"><p>1 in 4 people in the US have a treatable mental health condition, but most providers don't accept insurance, making therapy too expensive for most people. <strong>Headway’s mission is to fix this by building a new mental healthcare system everyone can access.</strong> We started by solving the biggest barrier to care: insurance. The admin work - credentialing, claims, payment reconciliation - is a nightmare. We've automated that.</p>
<p>But we're going further. Over 70,000 providers across all 50 states run their practice on our software, serving over 1 million patients. We are building the best tools for therapists to run their entire practice, reimagining the experience of finding a therapist, and investing in the platform foundations to enable this at scale. We aren't just a billing layer; we are becoming the platform where care actually happens.</p>
<p>We're a Series D company with $325M+ in funding (a16z, Accel, GV, etc.), looking for exceptional people to help us achieve this mission. We want your time here to be the most meaningful experience of your career. Join us, and help change mental healthcare for the better.</p></div><p><strong>About The Role</strong></p>
<p>Headway is scaling our care partnerships across the US and we’re hiring a <strong>Senior Partner Success Associate, Care Partnerships</strong>, to both support the growing number of partners that entrust Headway with connecting their patients with our high quality, behavioral health network.&nbsp;</p>
<p>You’ll work cross functionally with internal teams (Strategy, Product, Operations) to ensure our care partners remain excited to work with Headway, while also deepening external health system, medical clinic, and strategic partner relationships to identify avenues for deeper partnership. This is an exceptional opportunity to own high-impact objectives at a rapidly scaling, mission driven company.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>You will:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Be responsible for the happiness of our care partners and clinicians</li>
<li>Create new strategies to engage with clinicians that refer to Headway</li>
<li>Support the team in preparing for executive meetings with partners</li>
<li>Build and grow relationships with care partners’ (health systems, medical clinics, and other strategic partners) teams and leadership&nbsp;</li>
<li>Leverage data to generate insights and identify new opportunities for partnership growth&nbsp;</li>
<li>Collaborate with cross functional, internal stakeholders to deliver insights to inform product and operations strategy</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>You will love this role if:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>You have a minimum of 3+ years of experience in the healthcare space, preferably in roles within Customer Success, or in Strategic Customer-facing roles</li>
<li>You bring deep exposure to health system or provider group models and economics</li>
<li>You are a relationship builder, and delight in forging meaningful bonds across all levels of an organization</li>
<li>You thrive in ambiguity, and seek out opportunities to dive into unfamiliar challenges, drive towards outcomes, and shape strategy</li>
<li>You are operationally excellent, able to manage multiple high impact customers and large volume of moving pieces without breaking a sweat</li>
<li>You seek an environment that fosters individual growth through open-feedback and high-autonomy</li>
<li>You are motivated by the opportunity to face off against one of our generation’s defining problems: access to mental healthcare</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Compensation and Benefits:</strong></p>
<p>The expected base pay range for this position is $85,000-$124,000,&nbsp;based on a variety of factors including qualifications, experience, and geographic location. In addition to base salary, this role may be eligible for an equity grant, depending on the position and level.</p>
<p><em>We are committed to offering a comprehensive and competitive total rewards package, including robust health and wellness benefits, retirement savings, and meaningful ownership opportunities through equity. Compensation decisions are made holistically, ensuring fairness and alignment with market benchmarks while recognizing individual contributions and potential.</em></p>
<ul>
<li>Benefits offered include:</li>
<ul>
<li>Equity compensation</li>
<li>Medical, Dental, and Vision coverage</li>
<li>HSA / FSA</li>
<li>401K</li>
<li>Work-from-Home Stipend</li>
<li>Therapy Reimbursement</li>
<li>16-week parental leave for eligible employees</li>
<li>Carrot Fertility annual reimbursement and membership</li>
<li>13 paid holidays each year as well as a Holiday Break during the week between December 25th and December 31st</li>
<li>Flexible PTO</li>
<li>Employee Assistance Program (EAP)</li>
<li>Training and professional development</li>
</ul>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><p>We believe a team's strength is in its people, and we cannot achieve this mission without a team that reflects the diversity of this problem – across race, ethnicity, gender, sexuality, age, national origin, religion, family status, disability, military status, and experience. Headway is committed to the full inclusion of all qualified individuals. As part of this commitment, Headway will ensure that persons with disabilities are provided with reasonable accommodations. If reasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and/or receive other benefits and privileges of employment, please inform the recruiter when they contact you to schedule your interview.</p>
<p>Headway participates in E-Verify. To learn more, click <a href="https://www.e-verify.gov/sites/default/files/everify/posters/EVerifyParticipationPoster.pdf">here.</a></p>
<p>A notice to Headway applicants: To protect yourself against phishing and recruitment fraud, please note that Headway only accepts applications through our official careers page at https://headway.co/careers. Headway will never refer you to external websites, ask for payment or personal information, or conduct interviews via messaging apps. All official communication will come from a @findheadway.com email address. If you are contacted by someone claiming to be from Headway via an unofficial channel, please do not share any information and report it as spam.</p></div>