<h3><strong>About Pantheon</strong></h3>
<p>Pantheon WebOps Platform powers the open web, running more than 300,000 sites in the cloud for customers including Google, Princeton, Salesloft and Doctors Without Borders. Every day, thousands of developers and marketers create, iterate, and scale WordPress and Drupal sites to reach billions of people globally. Pantheon’s multitenant, container-based platform enables organizations to manage all of their websites from a single dashboard. Organizations including Clorox and the United Nations drive results through accelerated development and real-time publishing using Pantheon’s collaborative workflows.</p>
<h3><strong>The Role</strong></h3>
<p>As the EMEA Marketing manager focused on our key priority regions UK, DACH and Northern Europe, you will be developing and executing comprehensive regional marketing strategies to achieve business growth, drive pipeline working cross-functionally with global marketing, Sales, and SDR teams. This is an individual contributor role, reporting to the Senior Director, International Marketing.</p>
<p>We are looking for a strategic individual contributor with demonstrated experience in B2B SAAS delivering and executing commercial impact across field marketing, campaign development, and regional/demand marketing and ABM campaigns. Your responsibilities extend to partnering with the local sales team, execute impactful marketing campaigns, and assess campaign effectiveness, ultimately generating pipeline (net new and expansion), enhancing brand awareness, and fostering customer engagement.</p>
<p><strong data-start="54" data-end="67">Location:</strong> This role is based in <strong data-start="90" data-end="123">Ireland or the United Kingdom</strong>. Candidates <strong data-start="136" data-end="181">must be located in one of these countries</strong>.</p>
<h3><strong>What you need to succeed</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Help ideate, build, scale, and support the execution of events - field &amp; partner marketing, industry conferences, ABM activations, and roadshows.</li>
<li>Lead high-impact multi channel marketing initiatives, including field events, webinars, and sponsorship activations, to generate qualified pipeline (net new and expansion) and drive the conversion or acceleration of targeted accounts.</li>
<li>Experience working with sales leaders, sales development teams, and other cross-functional partners</li>
<li>Track and measure the effectiveness of marketing programs using metrics focused on pipeline generation and revenue impact.</li>
<li>Track and manage the regional field marketing budget for your activities.</li>
<li>Willingness to travel for events will be required. 30-50% of your time.</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>What you Bring to the Table</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Fluency in English, plus any other European language is a plus</li>
<li>5-7 years of field &amp; partner marketing experience in a high growth enterprise SAAS company.</li>
<li>A broad set of marketing skills across areas including events, campaigns, digital and demand generation.</li>
<li>A results and metrics-driven mindset with analytical and problem-solving ability and passion to analyze data and derive actionable insights</li>
<li>A proven track record of building and nurturing relationships with sales management, sales teams and marketing stakeholders, driving collaborative efforts to achieve shared goals</li>
<li>The ability to thrive in a dynamic, fast-paced environment, with a results-driven mindset and a passion for driving data-driven success</li>
<li>The ability to create a comprehensive, strategic regional marketing plan, communicate the plan to get buy-in and build consensus among cross-functional teams</li>
<li>Experience in Salesforce, Marketo, Asana, 6Sense, Looker is a plus</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>What We Offer</strong></h3>
<p>We have all the usual perks and benefits but what we can really offer you is a fantastic work environment powered by an amazing team.</p>
<ul>
<li>Industry competitive compensation and equity plan</li>
<li>Robust Vacation Package with 28 days of Holiday</li>
<li>Private medical and dental coverage</li>
<li>Life and Critical illness insurance</li>
<li>Attractive Workplace Pension scheme</li>
<li>Access to Employee Resource Platform</li>
<li>Top-of-line equipment</li>
<li>Monthly allowance for wellness, reading and access to LinkedIn Learning for continued development</li>
<li>Events and activities both team-based and company wide that inspire, educate and cultivate</li>
</ul>
<p>Pantheon is an equal opportunity employer and we welcome applications from all backgrounds regardless of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, ancestry, age, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, disability, or any other classification protected by law. Pantheon complies with federal and local disability laws and makes reasonable accommodations for applicants and employees with disabilities. If you need a reasonable accommodation due to a disability for any part of the interview process, please contact talent@pantheon.io.</p>
<p>To review the Employee and Applicant's Privacy Policy, click<a href="https://pantheon.pactsafe.io/employeeandapplicantprivacy.html"> here</a>.</p>
<p>Visa Sponsorship is not available at this time.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>