<p>
  <strong>Headquarters:</strong> Villach (Hybrid),Remote Work,Mannheim (Hybrid)
</p>

<span>As an experienced "Staff/Principal Analog/Mixed-Signal Design Engineer (m/f/d)", you'll have the opportunity to make a significant impact on the development of our innovative products. Join our team in Germany / Mannheim or Austria / Villach (hybrid or full remote work) and drive the advancement of high-speed data interfaces. Your expertise will be instrumental in creating products that exceed our customers' expectations. We prioritize top-notch design quality, timely delivery, and a strong customer-centric approach.<br><br></span><ul><li>Own analog/mixed-signal and digital/full-custom building blocks and subsystems.</li><li>Complete design and implementation of analog/mixed-signal and full-custom circuits, including schematics, testbenches and simulation.</li><li>Collaborate with system architects in block level specification derivation.</li><li>Work with the verification team in model creation.</li><li>Work with the layout team to guide physical implementation.</li><li>Provide guidance and possibly lead smaller design sub teams</li><li>Organize and participate in the design review process.</li><li>Work closely and cross-functional across different groups to support a successful and on-time product release.</li></ul><ul><li>B.S./M.S. degree in Electrical Engineering, Physics, Computer Engineering, Information Technology or related subject with emphasis on hardware design.</li><li>A min. of 10 years work experience, including internships.</li><li>Experience on circuit design in the field of high speed SerDes design or some related functionality (PLLs, Rx or Tx analog frontends, high speed digital full custom logic).</li><li>Experience in mixed signal designs incorporating digital control loops.</li><li>Worked in advanced process nodes is a plus (FDSOI, FinFET).</li><li>Being familiar with the Cadence design flow and full-custom EDA tools, in particular Virtuoso Schematic/Layout, ADE Assembler and Spectre.</li><li>Script programming languages such as Python and TCL are a plus.</li><li>Good written and oral communication skills in English.</li></ul><ul><li>Flexibility: We offer attractive flexible working hours, above-average vacation days, a worktime account, and the possibility of mobile working (hybrid work or remote work) so that you can balance your personal life and your job.&nbsp;</li><li>Competitive Salary: You will receive a competitive salary based on your qualifications and skills.&nbsp;</li><li>Job Security: You will have a secure job in a financially stable company.&nbsp;</li><li>Career Opportunities: With the right commitment, you can advance your career with us, as your development, further training, and success are important to us.&nbsp;</li><li>Team Events: We offer team events and the opportunity for regular exchange.&nbsp;</li><li>Workation: Combine your vacation with your work abroad in the form of a "workation" for up to six weeks per year.&nbsp;</li><li>Great Work Atmosphere: We are a company with a strong value orientation and a really good work atmosphere, as well as appreciation in dealing with each other, cooperation, trust, and mutual support (btw: there is also a football table, gaming events, tournaments, and free drinks #smile).</li></ul><span>For applicants from Austria:&nbsp;<br>&nbsp;<br>We provide attractive salaries and additional benefits tailored to your performance, experience, and qualifications. The employment terms comply with the collective agreement for Information Technology employees, specific to employment group ST2 (<a href="https://www.wko.at/oe/kollektivvertrag/kv-informationstechnologie-2025.pdf">Kollektivvertrag</a>). You will receive your monthly salary 14 times a year. Depending on your expertise and skills, higher compensation is also available.</span><a href="https://maps.app.goo.gl/a4A8kJet8wG7bvnM7"><span>Rheinvorlandstraße 5, 68159 Mannheim, Germany</span></a><span><br><br><a href="https://www.google.de/maps/place/Europastra%C3%9Fe+8,+9524+Villach,+Austria/@46.6104147,13.881832,17z/data=!3m1!4b1!4m6!3m5!1s0x47708022c1d87fe7:0x29a6ff637805b9c9!8m2!3d46.6104147!4d13.8844069!16s%2Fg%2F11cs6dk9p3?entry=ttu&amp;g_ep=EgoyMDI1MDMxOS4yIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D">Tech-Center, Europastraße 8, 9524 Villach, Österreich</a><br><br>We also offer remote work from Greece, Italy, Austria, and Germany. Do you live in another EU country? Try applying anyway or be ready for a relocation: we will support you. If you come from a country outside the EU, we will help and assist you with the entire visa process.</span><br><br>#LI-Remote&nbsp;#LI-Hybrid<span>You want to unleash the chiplet age with us? If so, we look forward to your application as "Staff / Principal Analog / Mixed Signal Design Engineer (m/f/d)".<br>&nbsp;<br>Good to know: CV only! In the first step, your CV is sufficient for an initial application. You can simply send us your further references and certificates later. What matters to us is your personality.<br>&nbsp;<br>Do you have any questions? Then simply contact us: <a href="mailto:careers@extoll.com">careers@extoll.com</a> Please use the email address only for requests. We look forward to your application via our quick &amp; easy job platform: <a href="https://extoll-gmbh.jobs.personio.com/">Jobs at EXTOLL GmbH</a><br>&nbsp;<br>We look forward to working with you!</span>

<p><strong>To apply:</strong> <a href="https://weworkremotely.com/remote-jobs/extoll-gmbh-staff-principal-analog-mixed-signal-design-engineer-m-f-d">https://weworkremotely.com/remote-jobs/extoll-gmbh-staff-principal-analog-mixed-signal-design-engineer-m-f-d</a></p>