<p data-renderer-start-pos="69">Datadog Real User Monitoring (RUM) provides deep insight into frontend applications’ availability and performance, enabling customers to monitor user experiences in real time across web, mobile, smart TVs, and other platforms. As a Product Manager II for RUM, you will help customers onboard and expand their usage in scalable and efficient ways, drive product consistency, and build intelligence powered by availability and performance data. You will partner closely with enterprise customers and cross-functional teams to shape the product vision, strategy, and execution for one of Datadog’s fastest-growing offerings. This role offers the opportunity to influence a high-impact product at scale while deepening your expertise in frontend observability and user experience monitoring.</p>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="872"><em>At Datadog, we place value in our office culture - the relationships and collaboration it builds and the creativity it brings to the table. We operate as a hybrid workplace to ensure our Datadogs can create a work-life harmony that best fits them.</em></p>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="1121">&nbsp;</p>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="1121"><strong data-renderer-mark="true">What You’ll Do:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li data-renderer-start-pos="1140">Identify customer needs and business opportunities through quantitative data analysis and qualitative customer research</li>
<li data-renderer-start-pos="1263">Translate insights into clear business cases, product requirements, features, and roadmaps</li>
<li data-renderer-start-pos="1357">Collaborate closely with engineering, design, data science, and other product teams to deliver high-impact solutions</li>
<li data-renderer-start-pos="1477">Partner with marketing, customer success, and technical writing to launch features that are intuitive and easy to adopt</li>
<li data-renderer-start-pos="1600">Communicate feature releases to internal and external audiences to support effective go-to-market and product discovery</li>
</ul>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="1723">&nbsp;</p>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="1723"><strong data-renderer-mark="true">Who You Are:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li data-renderer-start-pos="1739">You have 3+ years of Product Management experience, ideally in enterprise software serving a technical audience</li>
<li data-renderer-start-pos="1854">You bring prior engineering experience or a strong understanding of frontend technologies and troubleshooting workflows, such as diagnosing crashes, latency, and performance issues</li>
<li data-renderer-start-pos="2038">You demonstrate strong ownership and accountability for outcomes, partnering across sales, solutions, marketing, and other teams</li>
<li data-renderer-start-pos="2170">You are customer-focused and hold a high bar for product quality and user experience</li>
<li data-renderer-start-pos="2258">You communicate clearly and confidently, with the ability to present and defend ideas to technical stakeholders and executives</li>
</ul>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="2388"><em>Datadog values people from all walks of life. We understand not everyone will meet all the above qualifications on day one. That's okay. If you’re passionate about technology and want to grow your skills, we encourage you to apply.</em></p>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="2621">&nbsp;</p>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="2621"><strong data-renderer-mark="true">Benefits and Growth:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li data-renderer-start-pos="2645">Generous and competitive benefits package</li>
<li data-renderer-start-pos="2690">New hire stock equity (RSUs) and employee stock purchase plan</li>
<li data-renderer-start-pos="2755">Continuous career development and pathing opportunities</li>
<li data-renderer-start-pos="2814">Employee-focused best in class onboarding</li>
<li data-renderer-start-pos="2859">Internal mentor and cross-departmental buddy program</li>
<li data-renderer-start-pos="2915">Friendly and inclusive workplace culture</li>
</ul>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="2959"><em>Benefits and Growth listed above may vary based on the country of your employment and the nature of your employment with Datadog.</em></p>
<p style="color: white;">#LI-Hybrid</p><div class="content-conclusion"><hr>
<p><strong>About Datadog:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>Datadog (NASDAQ: DDOG) is a global SaaS business, delivering a rare combination of growth and profitability. We are on a mission to break down silos and solve complexity in the cloud age by enabling digital transformation, cloud migration, and infrastructure monitoring of our customers’ entire technology stacks. Built by engineers, for engineers, Datadog is used by organizations of all sizes across a wide range of industries. Together, we champion professional development, diversity of thought, innovation, and work excellence to empower continuous growth. Join the pack and become part of a collaborative, pragmatic, and thoughtful people-first community where we solve tough problems, take smart risks, and celebrate one another. Learn more about #DatadogLife on <a href="https://www.instagram.com/datadoghq/?hl=en" target="\_blank">Instagram</a>, <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/company/datadog" target="\_blank">LinkedIn,</a> and <a href="https://learn.datadoghq.com/" target="\_blank">Datadog Learning Center. </a></p>
<hr>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="215"><strong data-renderer-mark="true">Equal Opportunity at Datadog:</strong></p>
<p>Datadog is proud to offer <a href="https://www.eeoc.gov/sites/default/files/2023-06/22-088\_EEOC\_KnowYourRights6.12ScreenRdr.pdf" target="\_blank">equal employment opportunity</a> to everyone regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity, veteran status, and other characteristics protected by law. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. Here are our <a href="https://www.datadoghq.com/legal/candidate-legal-notices/" target="\_blank">Candidate Legal Notices</a> for your reference.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Datadog endeavors to make our Careers Page accessible to all users. If you would like to contact us regarding the accessibility of our website or need assistance completing the application process, please complete <a href="https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSeoJeduEZ2NdZF\_65uZmWUrCM-zee7yADXX1s6Xr9zAGq8iKA/viewform" target="\_blank">this form</a>. This form is for accommodation requests only and cannot be used to inquire about the status of applications.&nbsp;</p>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="662"><strong data-renderer-mark="true">Privacy and AI Guidelines:</strong></p>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="662">Any information you submit to Datadog as part of your application will be processed in accordance with Datadog’s&nbsp;<a class="c-link" href="https://www.datadoghq.com/legal/applicant-candidate-privacy/" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://www.datadoghq.com/legal/applicant-candidate-privacy/" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">Applicant and Candidate Privacy Notice</a>. For information on our AI policy, please visit <a href="https://www.datadoghq.com/legal/interviewing-at-datadog-ai-guidelines/" target="\_blank">Interviewing at Datadog AI Guidelines</a>.</p></div>