<p>
  <strong>Headquarters:</strong> Spain,Italy,Remote,Poland,Austria
</p>

Exnaton is a startup, spun out of ETH Zurich, which offers software for renewable energy to utility companies. Our software enables energy providers to set up energy communities and smart energy tariffs in their distribution areas. Users of our software can track their energy consumption and buy renewable energy from their neighbors, which makes investing in the energy transition simple and fun!&nbsp;<br>Prosumers, dynamic electricity tariffs, and energy sharing are driving the energy transition and becoming integral components of the decentralized energy world. Our software is a cloud application that processes smart meter data and computes smart real-time prices for locally produced energy which makes renewable energy financially more attractive. End-users receive an app that maps the sources of their energy, making their electricity consumption more understandable.<br>Our team is growing and we are looking for extraordinary, talented and motivated people to complement our team. We are a diverse team of engineers and business developers, all driven by the shared goal of using technology to create a sustainable impact in our society. If you're enthusiastic about contributing to this exciting journey, we invite you to be a part of our innovative and skilled team.<br><br>The job can be performed remotely in EU countries.We operate a stack with a backend built in a micro-services pattern with polyglot services written in TypeScript, Python and C#. Technologies are chosen to fit the purpose. We deploy via GitOps (flux) and Helm to various Kubernetes clusters running on AWS (arm64 &amp; amd64). Our frontend is written in next.js, served by a highly configurable headless CMS using our own component library.&nbsp;<br>As a&nbsp;Fullstack Engineer&nbsp;at Exnaton, you will join our 30 people team and shape the company and its vision from the ground up. Among others, your main responsibilities are the following:<br>Fullstack tasks:<br><ul><li>Developing a state-of-the-art application for the energy sector;</li><li>Building highly reliable software and operating customer deployments;</li><li>Working as part of a team of highly motivated and talented individuals and take ownership and responsibility of components in frontend and/or backend from conceptualisation to production.</li></ul>DevOps tasks:<br><ul><li>Ensure reliability and scalability of our software deployments for high availability and performance;</li><li>Improve the efficiency and transparency of our development pipeline by streamlining workflows and automation;</li><li>Optimize cloud infrastructure with efficient server provisioning and multi-tenancy architecture;</li><li>Manage our AWS infrastructure &amp; CI/CD pipeline by overseeing cloud resources and automating deployments;</li><li>Enhance monitoring and logging of our different services and deployments to improve observability, quickly detect, diagnose, and resolve system issues and identify root causes;</li><li>Improve and leverage our microservices architecture for scalability, efficiency and security;</li><li>Strengthen system security by implementing best practices and improving access controls.</li></ul>We define ourselves by a culture of collaboration and ownership. We’re looking for a driven, capable, and thoughtful person to add to our mission. We are looking for someone who:<br><ul><li>Has 1-2 years of hands on experience in cloud/SaaS software development, with a strong understanding of modern software architectures;</li><li>Has worked with one of the modern javascript frontend frameworks and has an understanding of core concepts, such as “component boundaries”, “state management”, and some experience with data visualisation;</li><li>Has experience with microservices and event-driven architectures, optimizing for scalability and performance;</li><li>Has hands-on experience with CI/CD pipelines, ensuring smooth and automated deployments;</li><li>Has a deep understanding of cloud infrastructure, with experience managing AWS-hosted environments;</li><li>Is familiar with containerization and orchestration tools, including Kubernetes, Docker, and Helm;</li><li>Can work effectively under pressure, is able to troubleshoot and resolve critical issues efficiently;</li><li>Has a willingness to handle urgent issues outside of regular hours in exchange for flexibility in availability;</li><li>Is a team player who learns quickly and thrives in a dynamic, high-performance startup environment.</li></ul>We would consider it a big plus if you have an interest in renewable energy and sustainability.&nbsp;<br><br>If you do not meet all of the above requirements but feel you would be a good match for our team do not hesitate to apply anyway.At exnaton, you work in a dynamic environment with a flat hierarchy and direct communication, fostering quick operation and collaborative learning. You can also expect the following:<br><ul><li>Competitive salary and equity package;</li><li>Flexible working hours and location as we believe in ownership and trust. We are a remote-first company and we support those working from different locations across the EU;</li><li>Additional benefits such as a new MacBook, a learning budget, sports membership, or Headspace subscription;</li><li>Virtual office for a truly interactive collaboration, even in a distributed team;</li><li>Working with exciting technology for a really important purpose, together with a highly motivated team.</li></ul>

<p><strong>To apply:</strong> <a href="https://weworkremotely.com/remote-jobs/exnaton-ag-fullstack-engineer-with-devops-focus-f-m-d-at-climate-tech-start-up">https://weworkremotely.com/remote-jobs/exnaton-ag-fullstack-engineer-with-devops-focus-f-m-d-at-climate-tech-start-up</a></p>