<div class="content-intro"><div><span style="font-size: 18pt;"><strong>About Neo4j:</strong></span></div>
<div>
<p>Neo4j is the graph intelligence platform that transforms data into knowledge to power the next generation of intelligent applications and AI systems. It includes enterprise-ready knowledge graphs for accurate, explainable, and governed AI; the most comprehensive, trusted, and easy-to-deploy graph capabilities across any environment and data source; and an unmatched ecosystem trusted by 84 of the Fortune 100 and supported by the world’s largest graph community.&nbsp;Intelligence that works. Results that matter.</p>
<p>Built to work everywhere and integrate with everything across every cloud for dynamic, personalized, and autonomous AI systems. We deliver quicker results, contextual knowledge, and solutions that impact customers and employees across the business.</p>
</div>
<div><span style="font-size: 18pt;"><strong>Our Vision:&nbsp;</strong></span></div>
<div>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">At Neo4j, we have always strived to help the world make sense of data.&nbsp;&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">As business, society and knowledge become increasingly connected, our technology promotes innovation by helping organizations to find and understand data relationships. We created, drive and lead the graph database category, and we’re disrupting how organizations leverage their data to innovate and stay competitive.</span></p>
</div></div><p><strong>What You'll Do:</strong></p>
<p>Driving revenue for our US Federal region is key to meeting our aggressive revenue goals. We are looking for a strategic Senior Federal Marketing Manager that can develop highly impactful marketing strategies and demand generation programs which translate into meeting regional pipeline and revenue goals. The Neo4j Federal region includes Department of Defense (DoD), Intelligence and Civilian organizations, as well as partners focused on the federal government space.</p>
<p>The Senior Federal Marketing Manager is part of our Americas Marketing team, reporting to the VP of Marketing. The Senior Federal Marketing Manager will forge strong relationships with the Neo4j Federal sales team and partner with them to create and implement effective demand generation programs. They will also act as a liaison between the Federal sales team and corporate, digital, and product marketing to build alignment in order to help drive Federal business goals and revenue targets.&nbsp; The Senior Federal Marketing Manager will be responsible for building and executing against a fiscal year marketing plan to support lead &amp; pipeline generation employing field marketing best practices and the development of innovative programs and ideas that will help differentiate us within the Federal market</p>
<p><strong>Who You'll Work With:</strong></p>
<p>You’ll be a key member of the Americas Marketing team in the United States. The team is responsible for driving the highest quality lead generation programs that take customers and prospects through their buyers’ journey using all activities in the marketing mix including digital, partner and event programs.&nbsp;</p>
<p>As a Sr. Marketing Manager for the federal team, you will drive opportunities and pipeline growth by developing and executing on a quarterly marketing plan based on approved budgets. You’ll recommend digital programs, federal specific regional activities and local events, and determining what demand generation content needs will drive business results for the region. This position requires significant cross-functional collaboration. You will be required to:</p>
<ul>
<li>Partner with the product marketing team, creative / writing / social team, partner marketing, Sales Development Reps, and local Neo4j sales executives to support our business goals and outcomes.</li>
<li>Work with global marketing, corporate marketing, marketing operations, and sales to ensure that plans and activities are measured and communicated to leadership in a consistent manner.</li>
<li>Work with sales leadership and account executives to solidify the priorities in the region and create and execute on lead generation programs that support those priorities.&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Responsibilities:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Responsible for developing the federal marketing strategy, including the digital, partner, ABM, and event strategy to drive leads, opportunities, and deals.</li>
<li>Accountable for the execution and optimization of the marketing mix to deliver key performance indicators and targets including MQLs and SAOs.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Engage and work collaboratively across all marketing functions to plan and implement lead generation programs including but not limited to digital programs, content, virtual trainings, corporate events, and webinars.</li>
<li>Define and execute federal events and demand generation programs including but not limited to Neo4j owned events, roadshows, trainings and 3rd party conferences, including content, segmentation of target audience, registration, promotion, lead management &amp; follow up, and outcomes tracking.</li>
<li>Develop and expand engagement within the region with channel partners by driving joint marketing efforts that support demand generation.</li>
<li>Engage local sales team to ensure alignment on marketing initiatives.</li>
<li>Continuously analyze and report program effectiveness to optimize execution, efficiency, and results.</li>
<li>Partner closely with Sales Development to get feedback on programs as well as support and ensure timely and effective program and lead follow-up.</li>
<li>Execute marketing campaigns from HQ within the region. This may include national or local demand generation programs and events, product launches, digital and content offerings.&nbsp;&nbsp;</li>
<li>Understand and communicate marketing strategy, value proposition, positioning and messaging across all products pillars to federal sales personnel so that they are aware, knowledgeable, and “enabled” with the latest and most powerful content for effective use in sales cycles</li>
<li>Develop communication strategy to support initiatives within the Federal vertical and drive results.</li>
<li>Support customer marketing initiatives. Help secure customer participation in local and national marketing activities including press releases, case study write-ups, presentations at events, participation in industry awards, etc.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Requirements:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Bachelor's degree, MBA preferred.</li>
<li>Ideally based in or around the Washington D.C. metro area.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Demonstrated understanding of the Public Sector market in the United States; specific expertise in Federal</li>
<li>At least 7+ years of experience in Field Marketing developing and executing on digital programs and events. Familiarity with Federal Agency Based Marketing campaigns is a plus.</li>
<li>5+ years experience building pipeline generation marketing programs in the Federal space.</li>
<li>Strong demand generation, analytical capability, problem-solving skills, event program development and post-event follow up experience.</li>
<li>Superior ability to communicate with and influence across all levels of the organization.</li>
<li>Ability to partner internally within Neo4j and with external partners and vendors to achieve objectives.&nbsp; Also be able to work regionally and execute autonomously.</li>
<li>Goal oriented, self-starter, able to work independently, but also a team player.</li>
<li>Proactive learner and creative problem solver who enjoys being in a fast-paced environment.</li>
<li>Strong project and task-management skills with the ability to organize and run projects from end to end.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Ability to analyze a situation, define key objectives, and recommend action plans.</li>
<li>Ability to work at both strategic and tactical levels.</li>
<li>Organization of budget and investments that maximize ROI.</li>
<li>Marketo and Salesforce skills are required.&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p><div class="content-conclusion"><div><span style="font-size: 18pt;"><strong>Why Join Neo4j?</strong></span></div>
<div>
<p>Neo4j is, without question, the most popular graph intelligence platform in the world. We have customers in every industry globally, and our products are a proven product/market fit. Joining our team is an opportunity to shape the future of data and analytics. Below are just a few exciting facts about Neo4j.&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>Neo4j is one of the fastest-scaling technology companies in this industry. It <a href="https://neo4j.com/press-releases/neo4j-revenue-milestone-2024/">recently surpassed $200M</a> in annual recurring revenue (ARR), doubling its ARR <a href="https://neo4j.com/press-releases/2021-company-momentum/">over the past three years.</a>&nbsp;</li>
<li>Raised the biggest funding round in database history ($325M Series F). Backed by world-class investors like Eurazeo, GV (formerly Google Ventures), and Inovia Capital, Neo4j has raised over $600M in funding and is currently valued at over $2Bn. This puts Neo4j among the most well-funded database companies in history.</li>
<li>84% of the Fortune 100 and 58% of the Fortune 500 use Neo4j. Examples include <a href="https://neo4j.com/case-studies/boston-scientific/">Boston Scientific</a>, <a href="https://neo4j.com/case-studies/bt/">BT Group</a>, <a href="https://neo4j.com/case-studies/caterpillar/">Caterpillar</a>, <a href="https://neo4j.com/case-studies/cisco/">Cisco</a>, <a href="https://neo4j.com/case-studies/comcast/">Comcast</a>, <a href="https://neo4j.com/case-studies/department-for-education-uk/">Department for Education UK</a>, <a href="https://neo4j.com/case-studies/ebay/">eBay</a>, <a href="https://neo4j.com/case-studies/nbc-news/">NBC News</a>, <a href="https://neo4j.com/case-studies/novo-nordisk/">Novo Nordisk</a>, <a href="https://neo4j.com/case-studies/worldline/">Worldline</a>, and <a href="https://neo4j.com/case-studies/">others</a>.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Co-founder and CEO Emil Eifrem has built an amazing culture that prides itself on relationships, inclusiveness, innovation, and customer success.</li>
<li>Countless <a href="https://neo4j.com/awards/">industry awards</a>. Massive enterprises and individual developers/data scientists love Neo4j. A strong sense of community and ecosystem is built around the platform.</li>
<li>A recent Forrester Total Economic Impact™ Study cited Neo4j as delivering 417% ROI to customers.&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p><a href="https://www.bizjournals.com/bizwomen/news/profiles-strategies/2022/07/getting-the-job-how-gender-equity.html?page=all">Research</a> shows that members of underrepresented communities are less likely to apply for jobs when they don’t meet all the qualifications. <strong>If this is part of the reason you hesitate to apply, we’d encourage you to reconsider and give us the opportunity to review your application. </strong>At Neo4j, we are committed to building awareness and helping to improve these issues.&nbsp;</p>
<p>One of our central objectives is to provide an inclusive, diverse, and equitable workplace for everyone to develop their potential and have a positive, career-defining experience. We look forward to receiving your application.</p>
</div>
<div><span style="font-size: 18pt;"><strong>Neo4j Values:</strong></span></div>
<div>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Neo4j is a Silicon Valley company with a Swedish soul. We foster collaboration and each of us is empowered to contribute and put our innovative stamp on projects. We hire candidates who reflect the following Neo4j core values:</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">(we)-[:VALUE]-&gt;(relationships)<br></span><span style="font-weight: 400;">(we)-[:FOCUS\_ON]-&gt;(userSuccess)<br></span><span style="font-weight: 400;">(we)-[:THRIVE\_IN]-&gt;(:Culture {type: [‘Open’, ‘Inclusive’]})<br></span><span style="font-weight: 400;">(we)-[:ASSUME]-&gt;(:Intent {direction:’Positive’})<br></span><span style="font-weight: 400;">(we)-[:WELCOME]-&gt;(:Discussions {nature: ‘IntellectuallyHonest’})<br></span><span style="font-weight: 400;">(we)-[:DELIVER\_ON]-&gt;(ourCommitments)&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Neo4j is committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. Please read the</span><a href="https://neo4j.com/privacy-policy/recruitment-process/?ref=hr-"><span style="font-weight: 400;"> </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">privacy notice regarding Neo4j's recruitment process</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to understand how we will handle the personal data that you provide.</span><span style="font-weight: 400;">&nbsp;</span></p>
<span style="font-weight: 400;">More information at</span><a href="http://www.neo4j.com/"><span style="font-weight: 400;"> </span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"><a href="https://www.neo4j.com">www.neo4j.com</a></span><span style="font-weight: 400;">.</span></div>
<div>&nbsp;</div>
<div><span style="font-weight: 400;">©2026 Neo4j, Inc., Neo Technology®, Neo4j®, Cypher®, Neo4j Bloom™, Neo4j Graph Data Science Library™, Neo4j® Aura™, and Neo4j® AuraDB™ are registered trademarks or a trademark of Neo4j, Inc. All other marks are owned by their respective companies.</span></div></div>