<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Canonical is a leading provider of open-source software and operating systems for global enterprise and technology markets. Our platform, Ubuntu, is very widely used in breakthrough enterprise initiatives such as public cloud, data science, AI, engineering innovation and IoT. Our customers include the world's leading public cloud and silicon providers, and industry leaders in many sectors. The company is a pioneer of global distributed collaboration, with 1200+ colleagues in more than 80 countries and very few office-based roles. Teams meet two to four times yearly in person, in interesting locations around the world, to align on strategy and execution.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">The company is founder led, profitable and growing.</span></p>
<p>We are hiring a <strong>Jira Administrator</strong> to manage the Atlassian Jira Cloud at Canonical, including the administration, configuration, automation, and integration responsibilities. We expect the highest engineering quality, rigorous documentation practices, and effective stakeholder management abilities. Our goal is to enable Canonical engineering and business teams to leverage the power of Atlassian Jira, work on challenging assignments, and enable teams to make data-driven decisions.</p>
<p>The role is in the Commercial Systems team that integrates business systems used at Canonical to ensure reliable data flows at the right time to the right place, and to automate business processes across the company. We own a wide range of systems including popular SaaS solutions, such as Jira, Salesforce, NetSuite, Greenhouse, GSuite, and a few dozen others. To achieve this goal, we leverage Python and Go in combination with open source tools, such as Airbyte and Temporal. Our work helps to make data-driven decisions, and increases the efficiency of business operations.</p>
<p><strong>Location:</strong> This role can be held anywhere in EMEA time zones.</p>
<h3><strong>The role entails</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Manage Atlassian Jira Cloud at Canonical</li>
<li>Design, document, and implement processes and automation in Jira</li>
<li>Design, document, and implement integrations between Jira and the data warehouse</li>
<li>Create analytical dashboards to enable stakeholders make data-driven decisions</li>
<li>Create learning resources that scale</li>
<li>Work with engineering, operations, and support teams at a global scale</li>
<li>Take ownership of critical escalations and resolve them in a timely manner</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>What we are looking for in you</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Exceptional academic track record from both high school and university</li>
<li>Experience with Atlassian Jira and its ecosystem as an administrator</li>
<li>Understanding of common Jira usage patterns for various technical and non-technical departments</li>
<li>Experience as a software developer in Python</li>
<li>Professional written and spoken English</li>
<li>Excellent interpersonal skills, curiosity, flexibility, and accountability</li>
<li>Ability to collaborate remotely with a diverse set of team members and stakeholders, remain highly motivated, productive, and organized in a fully remote environment</li>
<li>Ability to travel internationally twice a year, for company events up to two weeks long</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>Nice-to-have skills</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>A perspective on process architecture</li>
<li>Experience with complex cross-project automation</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>What we offer colleagues</strong></h3>
<p>We consider geographical location, experience, and performance in shaping compensation worldwide. We revisit compensation annually (and more often for graduates and associates) to ensure we recognize outstanding performance. In addition to base pay, we offer a performance-driven annual bonus or commission. We provide all team members with additional benefits, which reflect our values and ideals. We balance our programs to meet local needs and ensure fairness globally.</p>
<ul>
<li>Distributed work environment with twice-yearly team sprints in person</li>
<li>Personal learning and development budget of USD 2,000 per year</li>
<li>Annual compensation review</li>
<li>Recognition rewards</li>
<li>Annual holiday leave</li>
<li>Maternity and paternity leave</li>
<li>Employee Assistance Program</li>
<li>Opportunity to travel to new locations to meet colleagues</li>
<li>Priority Pass, and travel upgrades for long haul company events</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>About Canonical</strong></h3>
<p>Canonical is a pioneering tech firm at the forefront of the global move to open source. As the company that publishes Ubuntu, one of the most important open-source projects and the platform for AI, IoT and the cloud, we are changing the world of software. We recruit on a global basis and set a very high standard for people joining the company. We expect excellence - in order to succeed, we need to be the best at what we do. Most colleagues at Canonical have worked from home since its inception in 2004.​ Working here is a step into the future, and will challenge you to think differently, work smarter, learn new skills, and raise your game.</p>
<p><strong>Canonical is an equal opportunity employer</strong></p>
<p>We are proud to foster a workplace free from discrimination. Diversity of experience, perspectives, and background create a better work environment and better products.<a href="https://canonical.com/careers/diversity/identity"> Whatever your identity, we will give your application fair consideration.</a></p>
<p>#LI-remote</p>