<div class="content-intro"><div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
<div>
<p>At Cloudflare, we are on a mission to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers millions of websites and other Internet properties for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.&nbsp;</p>
<p>At Cloudflare, we’re not looking for people who wait for a polished roadmap; we’re looking for the builders who see the cracks in the Internet that everyone else has simply learned to live with. We value candidates who have the instinct to spot a "normalized" problem and the AI-native curiosity to create a solution using the latest tools. Our culture is built on iteration, leveraging AI to ship faster today to make it better tomorrow, while ensuring that every improvement, no matter how small, is shared across the team to lift everyone up. If you’re the type of person who values curiosity over bureaucracy, and that AI is a partner in solving tough problems to keep the Internet moving forward, you’ll fit right in.</p>
</div></div><p><strong>Location: Austin, TX; San Francisco, CA</strong></p>
<p><strong>Solution Architect, AI / Cloudflare Developer Platform&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>As a Solution Architect, Cloudflare AI / Developer Platform and a member of the sales team, you will help customers understand the value proposition of the Cloudflare Developer Platform and demonstrate how to effectively build applications with our products.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Every day as a Solution Architect is different. You will utilize both technical and business skills to advise customers and sales teams, support strategic opportunities, architect innovative solutions, and develop proofs of concept / demonstrations. Your technical knowledge of Cloudflare’s products and system design will be vital to designing solutions that meet our customers’ needs and expectations.</p>
<p>Serving as a trusted technical advisor, Solution Architects guide and enable clients, partners, and teams within Cloudflare on product capabilities, positioning and competitive intelligence. You will form a tight feedback loop with product, product marketing, and technical pre-sales to refine and evolve our products.&nbsp;</p>
<p>The ideal candidate possesses a consultative mindset, demonstrable success working with customers, and deep, practical knowledge of modern web technologies, cloud architecture, and experience building on a distributed serverless platform. No matter your background, you have natural curiosity and desire to solve problems, achieve goals, and design the most elegant and efficient solutions to address client needs. A successful Solution Architect at Cloudflare is able to act as a trusted advisor for our customers, while balancing the technical and business needs of the role – actively building and regularly presenting technical solutions to varied audiences.</p>
<p><strong>Responsibilities</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Partner with the sales organization to drive revenue, new customers and pipeline of AI and Developer Platform solutions.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Lead technical discovery with customers and jointly architect best practice solutions to meet customer needs.</li>
<li>Collaborate with cross-functional teams including product management, sales, and marketing to drive developer platform revenue and customer adoption.</li>
<li>Present to strategic customers as an expert of our Developer Platform solutions.</li>
<li>Align Director and C-Level perceived business and technical value with Cloudflare developer solutions.</li>
<li>Provide succinct feedback to cross-functional teams to deliver relevant Developer content, use cases, customer stories, and data driven value propositions.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Skill Requirements</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>5+ years of experience selling or supporting technical sales in the cloud computing industry.</li>
<li>Deep technical expertise across cloud infrastructure and AI/ML — you have built production systems that combine both as a solutions engineer, entrepreneur, or solution architect.</li>
<li>In-depth knowledge of at least one major public cloud provider (e.g., AWS, GCP, Azure).</li>
<li>Practical knowledge and experience designing systems. You have built and deployed a production web application either professionally or as a hobbyist and are able to clearly articulate the design and explain the considerations / trade-offs. You are able to hear a clear, non-technical description of an application, ask clarifying questions, and quickly design a high-level, conceptual architecture.</li>
<li>Software development experience delivering full-stack applications, preferably using modern JavaScript frameworks, a variety of databases, and Serverless tooling. Experience building with modern coding assistants.</li>
<li>Strong understanding of developer workflows (branching, versioning, CI/CD practices, system integrations).</li>
<li>Knowledge of key market players/competitors in the cloud computing, AI and storage spaces.</li>
<li>Up to 30% travel.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Other desirable skills areas include:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>You’ve built something on Cloudflare Workers.</li>
<li>AWS Solutions Architect or GCP Cloud Architect certifications</li>
<li>Providing structured customer feedback to influence product direction.</li>
<li>Actively stay up-to-date with industry trends and advancements in cloud computing to inform product strategy and roadmap.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Compensation<br></strong>Compensation may be adjusted depending on work location.&nbsp;<br>This role is eligible to earn incentive compensation under Cloudflare’s Sales Compensation Plan. The estimated annual salary range includes the on-target incentive compensation that may be attained in this role under the Sales Compensation Plan.<br><br>For Bay Area based hires: Estimated annual salary of 212,000.00 - 292,000.00</p>
<p><strong><br>Equity<br></strong>This role is eligible to participate in Cloudflare’s equity plan.<br><strong><br>Benefits<br></strong>Cloudflare offers a complete package of benefits and programs to support you and your family.&nbsp; Our benefits programs can help you pay health care expenses, support caregiving, build capital for the future and make life a little easier and fun!&nbsp; The below is a description of our benefits for employees in the United States, and benefits may vary for employees based outside the U.S.<br><strong><br>Health &amp; Welfare Benefits</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Medical/Rx Insurance</li>
<li>Dental Insurance</li>
<li>Vision Insurance</li>
<li>Flexible Spending Accounts</li>
<li>Commuter Spending Accounts</li>
<li>Fertility &amp; Family Forming Benefits</li>
<li>On-demand mental health support and Employee Assistance Program</li>
<li>Global Travel Medical Insurance</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Financial Benefits</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Short and Long Term Disability Insurance</li>
<li>Life &amp; Accident Insurance</li>
<li>401(k) Retirement Savings Plan</li>
<li>Employee Stock Participation Plan</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Time Off</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Flexible paid time off covering vacation and sick leave</li>
<li>Leave programs, including parental, pregnancy health, medical, and bereavement leave</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: Since 2014, we've equipped more than 2,400 journalism and civil society organizations in 111 countries with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: In 2017, we created the Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration. Since the project, we've provided services to more than 425 local government election websites in 33 states.</span></p>
<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Please note that applicants who progress to the offer stage of the interview process may be asked to attend an in-person interview within one of the Cloudflare Offices or Cloudflare Hubs.&nbsp; More details about this will be available at that stage of the interview process.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p></div>