<div class="content-intro"><p>At Braze, we have found our people. We’re a genuinely approachable, exceptionally kind, and intensely passionate crew.</p>
<p>We seek to ignite that passion by setting high standards, championing teamwork, and creating work-life harmony as we collectively navigate rapid growth on a global scale while striving for greater equity and opportunity – inside and outside our organization.</p>
<p>To flourish here, you must be prepared to set a high bar for yourself and those around you. There is always a way to contribute: Acting with autonomy, having accountability and being open to new perspectives are essential to our continued success.</p>
<p>Our deep curiosity to learn and our eagerness to share diverse passions with others gives us balance and injects a one-of-a-kind vibrancy into our culture.</p>
<p>If you are driven to solve exhilarating challenges and have a bias toward action in the face of change, you will be empowered to make a real impact here, with a sharp and passionate team at your back. If Braze sounds like a place where you can thrive, we can’t wait to meet you.</p></div><p><strong>WHAT YOU’LL DO</strong></p>
<p>The Payroll Lead plays an important role in the Finance Department by ensuring data in the payroll system is accurate and complete. This position works alongside the Sr. Manager, Payroll to&nbsp; ensure that information and processes are accurate and compliant while being processed in a timely manner. You will be responsible for the day to day administration of the payroll processing functions and ensure that a high level of accuracy is maintained and deadlines are met.</p>
<p>Responsibilities:</p>
<ul>
<li>Lead end-to-end international payroll function for 300+ employees and growing</li>
<li>Manage foreign payroll operations for the Singapore, Australia, South Korea, Indonesia and Dubai offices</li>
<li>Lead the geographic expansion of payroll processing into new countries as the company rapidly expands its global footprint, support payroll system testing, and implementations.</li>
<li>Lead the payroll due diligence and integration for any potential acquisitions</li>
<li>Develop a close working partnership with the Global People team to implement process improvements and optimize payroll processes including enhancements of existing payroll systems.</li>
<li>Maintain policies and procedures including key internal control documentation</li>
<li>Demonstrated ability to provide direction and leadership at all levels of the organization</li>
<li>Manage process to create payroll journal entries for import into accounting system</li>
<li>Work with tax agencies and in-country payroll service providers to resolve tax issues</li>
<li>Provide support for various audits, as needed</li>
<li>Act as escalation point for complex payroll queries</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>WHO YOU ARE</strong></p>
<p>Requirements:</p>
<ul>
<li>5+ years of payroll experience in APAC region</li>
<li>Ability to provide excellent payroll service</li>
<li>Thorough knowledge of APAC payroll taxes and regulations</li>
<li>Experience with Workday and other Foreign Payroll Platforms (ADP Celergo)</li>
<li>Excellent knowledge of Microsoft Office and Google Suite</li>
<li>Demonstrated technical aptitude, high level of accuracy, organization, detail-oriented, and capable of working independently</li>
<li>Ability to meet hard deadlines and work under pressure</li>
<li>Strong written and communication skills</li>
<li>Solid experience setting-up payroll in foreign countries</li>
<li>General understanding of Sarbanes Oxley</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p><div class="content-conclusion"><div class="p-rich\_text\_section">
<p><strong>WHAT WE OFFER<br></strong></p>
<p><em>Braze benefits vary by location, and we encourage you to review our specific benefits offerings for each country </em><a href="https://www.braze.com/company/careers/how-we-hire#benefit-section"><em>here</em></a><em>. More details on benefits plans will be provided if you receive an offer of employment.</em></p>
<p>From offering comprehensive benefits to fostering hybrid ways of working, we’ve got you covered so you can prioritize work-life harmony. Braze offers benefits such as:</p>
<ul>
<li>Competitive compensation that may include equity</li>
<li>Retirement and Employee Stock Purchase Plans</li>
<li>Flexible paid time off</li>
<li>Comprehensive benefit plans covering medical, dental, vision, life, and disability</li>
<li>Family services that include fertility benefits and equal paid parental leave</li>
<li>Professional development supported by formal career pathing, learning platforms, and a yearly learning stipend</li>
<li>A curated in-office employee experience, designed to foster community, team connections, and innovation</li>
<li>Opportunities to give back to your community, including an annual company-wide Volunteer Week and donation matching&nbsp;</li>
<li>Employee Resource Groups that provide supportive communities within Braze</li>
<li>Collaborative, transparent, and fun culture recognized as a Great Place to Work®</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>ABOUT BRAZE<br><br></strong>Braze is the leading customer engagement platform that empowers brands to Be Absolutely Engaging.™ Braze helps brands deliver great customer experiences that drive value both for consumers and for their businesses. Built on a foundation of composable intelligence, BrazeAI™ allows marketers to combine and activate AI agents, models, and features at every touchpoint throughout the Braze Customer Engagement Platform for smarter, faster, and more meaningful customer engagement. From cross-channel messaging and journey orchestration to Al-powered decisioning and optimization, Braze enables companies to turn action into interaction through autonomous, 1:1 personalized experiences.<br><br>The company has repeatedly been recognized as a Leader in marketing technology by industry analysts, and was voted a G2 “Best of Marketing and Digital Advertising Software Product” in 2025.<br><br>Braze was also named a 2025 Best Companies To Work For by U.S. News &amp; World Report, a 2025 America’s Greatest Companies by Newsweek, and a 2025 Fortune Best Workplace in Technology™ by Great Place To Work®, among other accolades. Braze is also proudly certified as a Great Place to Work® in the U.S., the UK, Australia, and Singapore.<br><br>The company is headquartered in New York with offices in Austin, Berlin, Bucharest, Chicago, Dubai, Jakarta, London, Paris, San Francisco, São Paulo, Singapore, Seoul, Sydney and Tokyo.</p>
<strong>BRAZE IS AN EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER</strong>
<p>At Braze, we strive to create equitable growth and opportunities inside and outside the organization.</p>
<p>Building meaningful connections is at the heart of everything we do, and that includes our recruiting practices. We're committed to offering all candidates a fair, accessible, and inclusive experience – regardless of age, color, disability, gender identity, marital status, maternity, national origin, pregnancy, race, religion, sex, sexual orientation, or status as a protected veteran. When applying and interviewing with Braze, we want you to feel comfortable showcasing what makes you <em>you</em>.</p>
<p>We know that sometimes different circumstances can lead talented people to hesitate to apply for a role unless they meet 100% of the criteria. If this sounds familiar, we encourage you to apply, as we’d love to meet you.</p>
<em>Please see our</em><a href="https://www.braze.com/company/legal/privacy-policy-job-candidates"><em> </em><em>Candidate Privacy Policy</em></a><em> for more information on how Braze processes your personal information during the recruitment process and, if applicable based on your location, how you can exercise any privacy rights.</em></div></div>