**About Us:**

Oruka Therapeutics (Nasdaq: ORKA) is developing novel biologics designed to set a new standard for the treatment of chronic skin diseases. Oruka's mission is to offer patients suffering from chronic skin diseases like plaque psoriasis the greatest possible freedom from their condition by achieving high rates of complete disease clearance with dosing as infrequently as once or twice per year. Oruka is advancing a proprietary portfolio of potentially best-in-class antibodies that were engineered by Paragon Therapeutics and target the core mechanisms underlying plaque psoriasis and other dermatologic and inflammatory diseases. For more information, visit [www.orukatx.com](http://www.orukatx.com)

As we build our core team, we're seeking top talent in different functional areas who are not just looking for a job, but an opportunity to be part of something bigger.  Someone who is passionate about making a difference and eager to contribute to establishing an engaged, inclusive, and positive company culture.

**Job Title:** Senior Scientific Communications Manager  

**Location:** Remote 

**Role Overview:** We're looking for a **Senior Scientific Communications Manager** to join our growing biotech team. This is a hands-on role for someone who enjoys turning complex scientific and clinical information into clear, accurate, and useful communications for a variety of audiences.

At a small startup, this person will wear multiple hats. You'll help shape our scientific story externally and internally, while also building and supporting core Medical Infor  
  
Please mention the word \*\*GLORIOUS\*\* and tag RNzkuMTU4LjE4Ni4yMzg= when applying to show you read the job post completely (#RNzkuMTU4LjE4Ni4yMzg=). This is a beta feature to avoid spam applicants. Companies can search these words to find applicants that read this and see they're human.