<h2><strong>Who we are</strong></h2>
<div>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">Helsing is a defence AI company. Our mission is to protect our democracies. We aim to achieve technological leadership, so that open societies can continue to make sovereign decisions and control their ethical standards.</span><span data-ccp-props="{">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">As democracies, we believe we have a special responsibility to be thoughtful about the development and deployment of powerful technologies like AI. We take this responsibility seriously.</span><span data-ccp-props="{">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span data-contrast="none">We are an ambitious and committed team of engineers, AI specialists and customer-facing programme managers.<span data-contrast="auto">&nbsp;We are looking for mission-driven people to join our European teams – and apply their skills to solve the most complex and impactful problems. We embrace an open and transparent culture that welcomes healthy debates on the use of technology in defence, its benefits, and its ethical implications.</span><span data-ccp-props="{">&nbsp;</span></span></p>
</div>
<h2><strong>The role</strong></h2>
<div>
<p>As Helsing's Software Configuration Manager, you will be responsible for establishing and maintaining our configuration management (CM) infrastructure, necessary for developing and deploying high-quality software systems. This role is critical to ensure that Helsing’s software products meet stringent aerospace safety and quality requirements.</p>
</div>
<h2>The day-to-day</h2>
<ul>
<li>
<p>Develop and implement a robust software configuration management infrastructure in line with DO-178C guidelines</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Select, install, and configure CM tools and systems, ensuring seamless integration with existing development environments</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Establish version control systems, build systems, and artifact repositories to manage software configuration items effectively</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Collaborate with cross-functional teams to define and maintain configuration baselines, ensuring traceability and integrity of all software products</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Own the problem reporting and change request process to facilitate effective tracking and resolution of software issues</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Organise Change Control Boards (CCB) to evaluate and approve change requests, ensuring changes are systematically reviewed and authorized before implementation</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Work closely with software development, testing, and quality assurance teams to ensure smooth software delivery processes</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Provide training and support to engineering teams on CM tools, processes, and best practices</p>
</li>
</ul>
<h2 id="You’ll-do-great-if-you….3" data-renderer-start-pos="15247">You should apply if you</h2>
<ul>
<li>
<p>Have a Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering, Aerospace Engineering, or a related field</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Have proven experience in software configuration management within the aerospace and defence industry</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Have a proven track record of implementing and managing a DO-178C compliant software configuration management infrastructure</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Are experienced with version control systems (Git, SVN), build systems (Jenkins, Bamboo) and CM tools (IBM Rational, Jira)</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Have an in-depth understanding of DO-178C guidelines and requirements, particularly in software configuration and change management</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Can demonstrate strong knowledge of software development life cycle (SDLC) processes and methodologies</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Are familiar with Agile or Scrum development environments</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Have excellent communication skills for engaging at all levels within an organisation. We are a flat organisation so briefing to/working with the C-Suite can be expected</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Demonstrate strong problem-solving, critical thinking, and analytical skills with a curiosity to learn innovative technology and ways of working&nbsp;</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Can work independently in a dynamic, high-paced environment</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p><em data-renderer-mark="true"><em data-stringify-type="italic"><em data-prosemirror-content-type="mark" data-prosemirror-mark-name="em">Note: We operate at an intersection where women, as well as other minority groups, are systematically</em> <em data-prosemirror-content-type="mark" data-prosemirror-mark-name="em">under-represented. We encourage you to apply even if you don’t meet all the listed qualifications; ability and impact cannot be summarised in a few bullet points.</em></em></em></p>
<p><em>This position may require the successful applicant to apply for and be granted local and potentially other NATO security clearances. &nbsp;</em></p>
<h2><span data-contrast="auto">Join Helsing and work with world-leading experts in their fields</span><span data-ccp-props="{">&nbsp;</span></h2>
<ul>
<li>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">Helsing’s work is important. You’ll be directly contributing to the protection of democratic countries while balancing both ethical and geopolitical concerns.</span><span data-ccp-props="{">&nbsp;</span></p>
</li>
<li>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">The work is unique. We operate in a domain that has highly unusual technical requirements and constraints, and where robustness, safety, and ethical considerations are vital. You will face unique Engineering and AI challenges that make a meaningful impact in the world.</span><span data-ccp-props="{">&nbsp;</span></p>
</li>
<li>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">Our work frequently takes us right up to the state of the art in technical innovation, be it reinforcement learning, distributed systems, generative AI, or deployment infrastructure. The defence industry is entering the most exciting phase of the technological development curve. Advances in our field of world are not incremental: Helsing is part of, and often leading, historic leaps forward.</span><span data-ccp-props="{">&nbsp;</span></p>
</li>
<li>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">In our domain, success is a matter of order-of-magnitude improvements and novel capabilities. This means we take bets, aim high, and focus on big opportunities. Despite being a relatively young company, Helsing has already been selected for multiple significant government contracts.&nbsp;</span><span data-ccp-props="{">&nbsp;</span></p>
</li>
<li>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">We actively encourage healthy, proactive, and diverse debate internally about what we do and how we choose to do it. Teams and individual engineers are trusted (and encouraged) to practise responsible autonomy and critical thinking, and to focus on outcomes, not conformity. At Helsing you will have a say in how we (and you!) work, the opportunity to engage on what does and doesn’t work, and to take ownership of aspects of our culture that you care deeply about.</span><span data-ccp-props="{">&nbsp;</span></p>
</li>
</ul>
<h2 id="What-we-offer" data-renderer-start-pos="3238"><span id="6afa48f9-b797-428b-aa69-0bc8163b3593" data-renderer-mark="true" data-mark-type="annotation" data-mark-annotation-type="inlineComment" data-id="6afa48f9-b797-428b-aa69-0bc8163b3593">What we offer</span></h2>
<ul>
<li>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">A focus on outcomes, not time-tracking</span></p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Competitive compensation and stock options</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Relocation support</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Social and education allowances</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Regular company events and all-hands to bring together employees as one team across Europe</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p data-prosemirror-content-type="node" data-prosemirror-node-name="paragraph" data-prosemirror-node-block="true" data-pm-slice="1 1 [&quot;bulletList&quot;,null,&quot;listItem&quot;,null]"><span style="color: rgb(236, 240, 241);">#LI-DNI</span></p>
<p><em data-renderer-mark="true">Helsing is an equal opportunities employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, religion, sexual orientation, age, marital status, disability or gender identity. Please do not submit personal data revealing racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, trade union membership, data concerning your health, or data concerning your sexual orientation.</em></p><div class="content-conclusion"><div>&nbsp;</div>
<div>Helsing's Candidate Privacy and Confidentiality Regime can be found <a href="https://helsing.ai/candidate-privacy-and-confidentiality-regime/" target="\_blank">here</a>.&nbsp;</div>
<div>&nbsp;</div>
<div>&nbsp;</div></div>