<p><strong>This is Adyen</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Adyen provides payments, data, and financial products in a single solution for customers like Meta, Uber, H&amp;M, and Microsoft - making us the financial technology platform of choice. At Adyen, everything we do is engineered for ambition.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">For our teams, we create an environment with opportunities for our people to succeed, backed by the culture and support to ensure they are enabled to truly own their careers. We are motivated individuals who tackle unique technical challenges at scale and solve them as a team. Together, we deliver innovative and ethical solutions that help businesses achieve their ambitions faster.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;"><strong>Brand Designer</strong>&nbsp;</span></p>
<p>Adyen is seeking a structured, proactive, and collaborative designer to work closely with our EMEA Marketing team. This role will be based in our Amsterdam office, working closely with cross-functional teams and reporting directly to the EMEA Team Lead.</p>
<p>The designer role focuses on ideating, designing, and implementing visuals that align with Adyen’s brand guidelines, value proposition, and marketing strategy. You’ll take complex ideas and product features and simplify them into beautiful, understandable visuals. You’ll respond to diverse briefs, translating project requirements into intuitive, impactful designs that achieve measurable outcomes.</p>
<p>The ideal candidate is experienced in responding to briefs, creating compelling designs across various objectives, and collaborating effectively with stakeholders. Proficiency in multiple forms of design, with specialization in at least one. This role requires strong project management skills.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>What you’ll do</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Develop high-quality brand concepts across multiple formats, ensuring consistency and alignment with brand guidelines.</li>
<li>Conceptualize and create designs from initial ideation to production-ready assets.</li>
<li>Contribute to the evolution of brand guidelines and standards, ensuring adherence across various channels and touchpoints.</li>
<li>Apply a strong understanding of design principles and techniques to deliver visually compelling and impactful design solutions.</li>
<li>Manage multiple projects concurrently throughout all stages of the design process, from inception to final delivery.</li>
<li>Take ownership and accountability for assigned projects, ensuring timelines, budgets, and quality standards are met.</li>
<li>Collaborate closely with cross-functional teams, including marketing, product management, and development, to ensure alignment and successful project outcomes.</li>
<li>Collaborate across diverse EMEA markets, managing multiple region-specific projects and proactively identifying opportunities to merge or sync initiatives for greater efficiency and alignment.</li>
<li>Proactively identify and address any project-related challenges or issues, seeking solutions and maintaining a focus on project goals and objectives.</li>
<li>Create and maintain scalable design systems, templates, and asset libraries that can be leveraged by other teams or regions.</li>
<li>Design and deliver high-quality assets for both digital and physical brand touchpoints, including event booths, banners, and print collateral, demonstrating an all-hands-on-deck approach when needed.</li>
<li>Proactively manage stakeholder relationships and navigate challenging conversations with confidence and clarity.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>What you are:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>You have 5+ years of professional experience working as a designer (in-house, freelance, or agency).</li>
<li>You are highly proficient in Adobe CC, Keynote, and Figma.</li>
<li>Your portfolio shows a range of work across various digital media.</li>
<li>You are a team player who understands the value of collaboration and an all-hands-on-deck approach in a fast-paced environment.</li>
<li>You have the ability to self-start, stick to deadlines, and drive projects forward, while being open and comfortable with iteration and feedback.</li>
<li>You have full professional proficiency (written and verbal) in English.</li>
<li>Some domestic and international travel is required.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Our Diversity, Equity and Inclusion commitments&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Our unique approach is a product of our diverse perspectives. This diversity of backgrounds and cultures is essential in helping us maintain our momentum. Our business and technical challenges are unique, and we need as many different voices as possible to join us in solving them - voices like yours. No matter who you are or where you’re from, we welcome you to be your true self at Adyen.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Studies show that women and members of underrepresented communities apply for jobs only if they meet 100% of the qualifications. Does this sound like you? If so, Adyen encourages you to reconsider and apply. We look forward to your application!</span></p>
<p><strong>What’s next?</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Ensuring a smooth and enjoyable candidate experience is critical for us. We aim to get back to you regarding your application within 5 business days. Our interview process tends to take about 4 weeks to complete, but may fluctuate depending on the role. </span><a href="https://careers.adyen.com/how-we-hire"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Learn more about our hiring process here</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">. Don’t be afraid to let us know if you need more flexibility.</span></p>
<p>This role is based out of our Amsterdam office. We are an office-first company and value in-person collaboration; we do not offer remote-only roles.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>