<p>
  <strong>Headquarters:</strong> Remote,Tutzing,Remote UK,Büro UK,Remote Niederlande,Büro Niederlande,Metropolregion München
</p>

<p><em><span>This is a vacancy for a hybrid or on-site role at one of our HQs. We encourage applications from all qualified candidates, regardless of gender identity.</span></em><span>&nbsp;</span></p><p><span>As we continuously expand and improve our <strong>Data Network for Supply Chain</strong> <strong>and Vertical AI</strong>, we are seeking a <strong>Senior Product Manager</strong> <strong>Data Network &amp; Data Products&nbsp;</strong>(<strong>m/f/x</strong>) to join our Product &amp; Engineering department.&nbsp;</span></p><p><span>This department is responsible for the design, development, and growth of our Data Platform, Data Network, and connected Data Products. In this role, you will work closely with the CPO and cross-functional teams to execute on the product strategy and ensure alignment across product initiatives. You will lead product development cycles, ensure successful product outcomes, and advocate for the voice of the customer.&nbsp;<br></span></p><p><span>Ready to make an impact?</span></p><ul><li>Defining and helping to evolve the product strategy for specific product areas, collaborating closely with the CPO and cross-functional teams.&nbsp;</li><li>Conducting market research and competitive analysis to identify opportunities and ensure the product’s positioning aligns with customer needs.&nbsp;</li><li>Developing and maintaining the product roadmap for your assigned areas with clear goals and timelines, aligning with Engineering Leads.&nbsp;</li><li>Collaborating with Product Marketing to support product launches and ensure product messaging resonates with the target audience.&nbsp;</li><li>Contributing to&nbsp;the improvement of&nbsp;the product management process, ensuring tools and processes are clearly defined and effectively implemented.&nbsp;</li><li>Utilising data and analytics to make informed decisions, prioritising features, and optimising the product lifecycle.&nbsp;</li><li>Driving product launches and collaborating on go-to-market strategies with cross-functional teams.</li></ul><div><ul><li>5+ years in Product Management, with experience in <strong>Digital Products for the Supply Chain</strong> and <strong>affinity with Vertical AI</strong>.</li><li>Experience in building a network and facilitating omni-directional collaboration between network participants.</li><li>Experience in technical infrastructure software products with on-premises deployment options. Experience with data integration is a plus.</li><li>Demonstrated ability to work cross-functionally to deliver products from concept to launch&nbsp;and adoption, aligning teams and stakeholders.</li><li>Proven&nbsp;track record&nbsp;of using data and insights to drive decision-making and improve products.</li><li>Knowledge of modern software development methodologies, with experience collaborating effectively with engineering teams.</li><li>Strong communication&nbsp;skills with the ability to present to and engage with stakeholders at all levels.</li><li>Proficiency in English is required. German language skills are a plus.</li></ul></div><ul><li>Opportunity to work flexibly from home</li><li>30 vacation days per year</li><li>Modern offices in Germany, the Netherlands, and the UK</li><li>Location-specific benefits packages (your recruiter will be happy to provide more details during your first chat)</li><li>Company-sponsored business travel</li></ul><span>For this role, we are open to working with specialists based in <strong>Germany, the Netherlands,&nbsp;</strong>or<strong>&nbsp;the UK</strong>. Whether you prefer working <strong>on-site at our offices</strong> in <strong>Tutzing, Rotterdam, or Leeds</strong>, or&nbsp;<strong>remotely from a location within one of these countries</strong>, we’re happy to accommodate your preferred working style.<br><br></span><span><strong>If you’re excited about this role but don’t meet every qualification, we encourage you to apply!&nbsp;</strong></span><span><br></span><span><br></span><em><span>Lobster is an equal opportunity employer. We are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive environment where empathy and respect guide our interactions.</span></em>

<p><strong>To apply:</strong> <a href="https://weworkremotely.com/remote-jobs/lobster-senior-product-manager-supply-chain-data-products">https://weworkremotely.com/remote-jobs/lobster-senior-product-manager-supply-chain-data-products</a></p>