**About the Team**

As the Growth team, we play a key role in making Meesho one of the most sought-after e-commerce destinations in India. We hold end-to-end responsibility to launch and scale-up users on the platform by ensuring the right selection, competitive pricing and sales. As a Motion Graphic Designer in our team, you will join us to create the best user experience in the online shopping journey – video by video.

From acquiring users onto the platform through marketing to training them through educational content and webinars, we look after all funnels of the user’s life on Meesho. We also engage and retain our users on the platform with growth-related initiatives. We want to enable every user to experience the power of internet commerce.

We focus on personal growth and team bonding just as much as we do on working hard. That is why, we have regular 1-1s, monthly outings, and timely rewards and recognitions.

**About the Role**

As a Motion Graphic Designer - in the Growth creative team, you will play a pivotal role in driving business growth for Meesho by crafting visually captivating content tailored to our user base. Collaborating closely with copy writers, art directors, video producers, and marketing teams, you will be responsible for producing compelling marketing materials across various mediums.

Your responsibilities will encompass creating video content for a wide range of channels, including films, promos, print materials, outdoor displays, digital platforms, and activations. Additionally, you will be tasked with visually documenting our users' journeys across all stages, including acquisition (designing scripts and performance ad visuals), activation (creating engaging explainer videos and webinar visuals), and engagement (crafting visually appealing CRM campaigns and communication materials).

In this role, your creative skills and motion expertise will be instrumental in capturing the attention of our target audience and contributing to the overall growth and success of the business.

## What will you do

- Work with the business teams across functions, from app campaigns, social media to education videos for Youtube, both longform and short form
- Prepare design plan, concept and layout for motion graphic project
- Assist in designing and creating storyboards
- Supervise and execute high-quality creative work with internal and external teams for cross-platform use
- Help drive effective and creative media campaigns, working cross-functionally with copy and design team members
- Help bring to life an extensive base of content buckets in a user’s journey
- Present ideas to a wide set of stakeholders
- Execute “on-brand” creative with tight timelines
- Edit raw video footage and add effects/elements to enhance motion graphics
- Research and analyze best design techniques and solutions to create motion graphics

## What you will need

- Bachelor’s degree in film, Media Production, or a related field (or equivalent work experience
- At least 3+ years of relevant experience working with an agency or a brand
- A working portfolio of past campaign work
- Strong design aptitude with a problem-solving mindset
- Ability to multitask, think critically and execute tactically
- Proven track record of finding creative solutions to business problems
- High competency in After Effects, Adobe Illustrator & Photoshop, Cinema 4D will be a plus
- Mastery of typography with a keen understanding of grid and design systems

**About us**

Welcome to Meesho, where every story begins with a spark of inspiration and a dash of entrepreneurial spirit. We're not just a platform; we're your partner in turning dreams into realities.

**Curious about life at Meesho? Explore our Glassdoor - our people have a lot to say and they've helped us become a loved workplace in India.**

**Our Mission**

Democratising internet commerce for everyone — Meesho (Meri Shop) started with a single idea in mind: to be an e-commerce destination for Indian consumers and to enable small businesses to succeed online.

We provide our sellers with benefits such as zero commission and affordable shipping solutions in the market. Today, sellers nationwide are growing their businesses by tapping into Meesho’s large and diverse customer base, state-of-the-art tech infrastructure, and pan-India logistics network through trusted third-party partners.

Affordable, relatable merchandise that mirrors local markets has helped us connect with internet users and serve customers across urban, semi-urban, and rural India. Our unique business model and continuous innovation have established us as a part of India’s e-commerce ecosystem.

**Culture and Total Rewards**

Our focus is on cultivating a dynamic workplace characterized by high impact and performance excellence. We prioritize a people-centric culture, dedicated to hiring and developing exceptional talent.

Total rewards at Meesho comprise a comprehensive set of elements — monetary, non-monetary, tangible, and intangible. Our 9 guiding principles, or "Mantras," are the backbone of how we operate, influencing everything from recognition and evaluation to growth discussions. Daily rituals and processes like “Problem First Mindset,” “Listen or Die,” our Internal Mobility Program, Talent Reviews, and Continuous Performance Management embody these principles.

We offer competitive compensation — both cash and equity-based — tailored to job roles, individual experience, and skill, along with employee-centric benefits and a supportive work environment. Our holistic wellness program, MeeCare, includes benefits across physical, mental, financial, and social wellness. This includes extensive medical insurance for employees and their families, wellness initiatives like telehealth, wellness events, and fitness-related perks.

To support work-life balance, we offer generous leave policies, parental support, retirement benefits, and learning and development assistance. Through personalized recognition, gratitude for stretched work, and engaging activities, we promote employee delight at the workplace. Additional benefits such as salary advance support, relocation assistance, and flexible benefit plans further enrich the Meesho experience.

Know more about Meesho here : <https://www.meesho.io/>