<div class="content-intro"><div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
<div>
<p>At Cloudflare, we are on a mission to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers millions of websites and other Internet properties for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.&nbsp;</p>
<p>At Cloudflare, we’re not looking for people who wait for a polished roadmap; we’re looking for the builders who see the cracks in the Internet that everyone else has simply learned to live with. We value candidates who have the instinct to spot a "normalized" problem and the AI-native curiosity to create a solution using the latest tools. Our culture is built on iteration, leveraging AI to ship faster today to make it better tomorrow, while ensuring that every improvement, no matter how small, is shared across the team to lift everyone up. If you’re the type of person who values curiosity over bureaucracy, and that AI is a partner in solving tough problems to keep the Internet moving forward, you’ll fit right in.</p>
</div></div><p><strong>Available Locations: SF Bay Area</strong></p>
<p><strong>About the Role</strong></p>
<p>The Digital Native Named Strategic at Cloudflare sell into the most innovative companies in North America. In targeting high-growth, technologically advanced, and venture-backed companies, this team is positioned to drive in-depth product discussions while communicating and demonstrating value quickly to customers.&nbsp; This role within the digital native segment focuses on both the acquisition of prospective Digital Native accounts, as well as the expansion of existing customer accounts. Cloudflare has had great success bringing Digital Native companies onto our platform and this team will do that with more focus, faster pace and higher long term growth expectations.</p>
<p><strong>What you'll do</strong></p>
<p>We are looking for an experienced<strong> </strong>Sales Leader to help us invest and grow the SF Bay Area region with responsibility for driving Cloudflare's revenue and brand awareness in the region. This Sales Leader will require both strategic and hands-on leadership to build out the go-to-market strategy, manage and grow the sales team, market structure and partner strategy. In this role you will be asked to actively work with clients, partners and field sales reps to sell and close deals while building out the region.</p>
<p><strong>Additional responsibilities will include:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Drive sales growth through successful leadership, organizational planning, customer service, and outstanding execution of all regional go-to-market strategies.&nbsp;&nbsp;</li>
<li>programs (sales, customer success, solutions engineering, business development, support and field marketing).</li>
<li>Serve as the local point person for all functions in relationships, key partnerships and account management.</li>
<li>Grow and build the SF DNN team and drive the local hiring needs by working with global functional leadership and recruiting resources.</li>
<li>Design, build and execute strategies in collaboration with regional and global functional leaders.</li>
<li>Represent Cloudflare as the single point of contact for all operational concerns, ensuring proper and timely escalation and resolution.</li>
<li>Ensure that corporate policy and regulatory initiatives are consistently applied and followed by team members.</li>
<li>Outstanding leadership - inspire interpersonal effectiveness, develop talent and effect change. Willing and able to be a “doer” and “influencer”.</li>
<li>Drive business cadence for forecast calls, functional review meetings, deal review, customer account reviews, weekly team meetings and periodic company-wide kick offs.</li>
<li>Represent Cloudflare as appropriate at external conferences, media and PR events.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Examples of desirable skills, knowledge and experience</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>5+ years of direct B2B selling experience, selling to large enterprise accounts&nbsp;</li>
<li>3+ years of direct sales management experience leading an Enterprise field sales team</li>
<li>Experience mentoring and leading teams with value selling to the C suite and executive technical buyers managing longer, complex Enterprise sales cycles&nbsp;</li>
<li>Deep understanding of IaaS, computer networking, Network Security Services, AI and / or develop platform tools</li>
<li>Strong leadership, presentation, interpersonal communication (verbal and written) and organizational skills.</li>
<li>Self-motivated; entrepreneurial spirit.</li>
<li>Comfortable working in a fast paced dynamic environment.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Compensation</strong></p>
<p>Compensation may be adjusted depending on work location.</p>
<ul>
<li>For Bay Area based hires: Estimated annual salary of $338,000 - $465,000.</li>
</ul>
<p>This role is eligible to earn incentive compensation under Cloudflare’s Sales Compensation Plan. The estimated annual salary range includes the on-target incentive compensation that may be attained in this role under the Sales Compensation Plan.</p>
<p><strong>Equity</strong></p>
<p>This role is eligible to participate in Cloudflare’s equity plan.</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: Since 2014, we've equipped more than 2,400 journalism and civil society organizations in 111 countries with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: In 2017, we created the Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration. Since the project, we've provided services to more than 425 local government election websites in 33 states.</span></p>
<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Please note that applicants who progress to the offer stage of the interview process may be asked to attend an in-person interview within one of the Cloudflare Offices or Cloudflare Hubs.&nbsp; More details about this will be available at that stage of the interview process.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p></div>