<h4>Team Summary</h4>
<p>Our Streaming QA team specializes in software testing of video streaming to ensure the reliability, performance, and quality of streaming experiences across our camera products. We validate end-to-end streaming workflows through rigorous testing that reflects real-world conditions. Working closely with SDET, Engineering, and Product teams, we proactively identify issues and provide actionable insights to improve system stability and user satisfaction. Our approach combines manual testing with automation execution and analysis, continuous monitoring of streaming metrics, and seamless support throughout feature development and delivery.</p>
<h4>Job Summary</h4>
<p>As a Streaming QA Intern,&nbsp; you will support the team by learning to execute basic test cases and shadow senior engineers, as well as contribute to streaming quality validation and its components through component, integration, and end-to-end testing, covering interactions between hardware, the backend, and the app.</p>
<h4><strong>Responsibilities and Duties</strong></h4>
<ul>
<li>Execute basic test cases and shadow senior engineers</li>
<li>Contribute to streaming test execution during the release cycles</li>
<li>Report and validate bugs to ensure product quality</li>
<li>Create, maintain, and improve test cases</li>
<li>Participation in team meetings and status reporting</li>
<li>Report testing status to management</li>
</ul>
<h4>Qualifications and Skills</h4>
<ul>
<li>Bachelor’s Degree in a Technical Field (or active student)</li>
<li>Understanding of QA and QC principles</li>
<li>Basic knowledge of UNIX/Linux</li>
<li>Experience with bug tracking systems</li>
<li>Eagerness to learn and a proactive attitude, strong communication skills</li>
<li>At least an Intermediate level in both written and spoken English (B1).</li>
</ul>
<h4>Nice to have</h4>
<ul>
<li>0.5+ years of experience in manual testing</li>
<li>Completed QA courses or personal technical projects</li>
<li>Understanding of video/audio streaming principles, protocols, and codecs</li>
<li>Understanding of network principles</li>
<li>Understanding of embedded systems principles</li>
</ul>
<h4>We offer multiple benefits that include</h4>
<ul>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">The environment of equal opportunities, transparent and value-based corporate culture, and an individual approach to each team member.</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">Competitive compensation and perks.</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">Gig-contract (6 months).</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">21 paid vacation days per year, paid public holidays according to the Ukrainian legislation.</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">Development opportunities like corporate courses, knowledge hubs, and free English classes.</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">Medical insurance is provided from day one. Sick leaves and medical leaves are available.</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">Remote working mode is available within Ukraine only.</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">Free meals, fruits, and snacks when working in the office.</li>
</ul>