<div class="content-intro"><p>Celonis is the global leader in Process Intelligence and the pioneer of Process Mining technology. As one of the world’s fastest-growing enterprise SaaS companies, we are changemakers pushing the boundaries of what’s possible. We invest heavily in advanced AI capabilities—specifically our Process Intelligence Graph—to turn data insights into immediate business action. We believe there is a massive opportunity to unlock global productivity and sustainability by placing intelligence at the core of every business process. Join our mission to make processes work for people, companies, and the planet.</p></div><p>&nbsp;</p>
<div class="job\_\_header">
<div class="job\_\_title">
<h1 class="section-header section-header--large font-primary">Corporate Account Executive - DACH Market</h1>
</div>
</div>
<div class="job\_\_description body">
<div>
<p>We're Celonis, the global leader in Process Intelligence technology and one of the world's fastest-growing SaaS firms. We believe there is a massive opportunity to unlock productivity by placing AI, data and intelligence at the core of business processes - and for that, we need your help. Care to join us?</p>
</div>
<div>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>The Team:</strong><strong><br></strong>The Corporate Account Executive team is responsible for the most extensive portfolio of accounts in the company. The teams are supported by the best-in-class products, with the best sales motions, and the cooperation of other departments (Value Engineers, Partner Managers and Consulting Services ).<strong>&nbsp;</strong>We cover EMEA and Emerging markets, and we are rapidly expanding with excellent career growth opportunities.&nbsp;</p>
<p><br><strong>The Role:</strong><br>The primary objective is to land new logos and achieve the target based on ACV (Annual contract value) generated in the region. As an Account Executive you will be an integral part to our strategy for expanding market share through targeted client acquisitions.</p>
<p><strong><br></strong><strong>The work you’ll do:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Hunt down and discover new business opportunities in your region</li>
<li>Collaborate with partners to land new logos</li>
<li>Interact with all levels of the target organization up to C-level</li>
<li>Deliver best in class use case specific demos to demonstrate the value of our solutions</li>
<li>Understand accounts’ needs and effectively communicate how Celonis will meet those needs while ensuring 100% satisfaction with all customers</li>
<li>You will be in charge of prospecting, leading the sales cycle, forecasting the deals and closing. (end-to-end sales cycle)</li>
<li>The Corporate Account Executive is also responsible for the customer's success and drive potential expansion</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>The qualifications you need:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>You have a university degree or equivalent professional training&nbsp;</li>
<li>You have relevant work experience (3+ years) in enterprise software sales</li>
<li>You have excellent written/verbal communication skills</li>
<li>You have ability to multitask, prioritize, and manage time effectively</li>
<li>You have proven experience building pipeline.</li>
<li>You have ability to take initiative</li>
<li>You are comfortable working in a fast-paced and dynamic environment</li>
<li>You are skilled in using relevant technology to maximize pipe generation and deal velocity</li>
<li>You have ability to work, build and maintain relationships at all levels<br><br><br>#LI-SS6</li>
</ul>
</div>
</div>
<p>&nbsp;</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>What Celonis can offer you:</strong></p>
<ul class="p-rich\_text\_list p-rich\_text\_list\_\_bullet p-rich\_text\_list--nested" data-stringify-type="unordered-list" data-list-tree="true" data-indent="0" data-border="0">
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Pioneer Innovation:</span> Work with the global leader in Process Mining and the Process Intelligence Graph to shape the future of AI-driven business operations.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Ownership from Day 1:</span> Every full-time "Celonaut" is an owner, receiving Restricted Stock Units (RSUs) and merit-based refresh grants.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Unrivaled Family Support:</span> Benefit from our inclusive parental leave policy—24 weeks of fully paid leave for primary carers and 12 weeks for supporting carers, available from your first day of employment.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Work-Life Integration:</span> Enjoy Unlimited PTO (in applicable regions) and generous PTO globally, as well as a flexible hybrid work model that balances remote focus with vibrant office collaboration.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Continuous Growth:</span> Elevate your skills through our 70-20-10 learning framework, mentorship programs, and access to a dedicated learning platform.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Holistic Well-being:</span> Prioritize your health with subsidized Wellhub memberships, mental health counseling, and dedicated "Wellness Weeks" that prioritize work/life balance.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Drive Sustainability:</span> Participate in annual Impact Days, where you receive paid time off to volunteer for community and environmental causes with your local office, or virtually.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Global Inclusion &amp; Belonging:</span> Find community through our Inclusion Think Tank and participate in our annual Inclusion Days, ensuring every voice is heard and valued.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Value-Driven Impact:</span> Join a mission-led organization where our core values—Live for Customer Value, The Best Team Wins, We Own It, and Earth Is Our Future—drive every decision.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>About Us:</strong></p>
<p>Celonis makes processes work — for people, companies, and the planet. Powered by process mining and AI, the Celonis Process Intelligence Platform integrates process data and business context to create a living digital twin of business operations. We enable thousands of companies worldwide to understand how their business actually runs and, together with their partners, build intelligent solutions that transform and continuously improve the way they operate — unlocking billions in value. Celonis is headquartered in Munich, Germany, and New York City, USA, with more than 20 offices worldwide.</p>
<p><br>Get familiar with the Celonis Process Intelligence Platform by watching this <a href="https://academy.celonis.com/learn/video/discover-the-ems">video</a>.</p>
<p><strong>Celonis Inclusion Statement:</strong></p>
<p>At Celonis, we believe our people make us who we are and that “The Best Team Wins”. We know that the best teams are made up of people who bring different perspectives to the table. And when everyone feels included, able to speak up and knows their voice is heard - that's when creativity and innovation happen.<strong><br></strong></p>
<p><strong>Your Privacy:</strong></p>
<p>Any information you submit to Celonis as part of your application will be processed in accordance with Celonis’ <a href="https://www.celonis.com/careers/candidate-notices">Accessibility and Candidate Notices</a></p>
<p>By submitting this application, you confirm that you agree to the storing and processing of your personal data by Celonis as described in our <a href="https://www.celonis.com/careers/privacy-notice/">Privacy Notice for the Application and Hiring Process</a>.</p>
<p>Please be aware of common job offer scams, impersonators and frauds. Learn more <a href="https://www.celonis.com/careers/fraud-alert/">here</a>.</p></div>