<div class="content-intro"><h2><span data-sheets-root="1">About Wolt</span></h2>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">At Wolt, we create technology that brings joy, simplicity and earnings to the neighborhoods of the world. In 2014 we started with delivery of restaurant food. Now we’re building the delivery of (almost) everything and you’ll find us in over 500 cities in 30 countries around the world. In 2022 we joined forces with DoorDash and together we keep on dreaming big and expanding across the globe.<br><br>Working at Wolt isn’t always easy, but it’s definitely exciting. Here you’ll learn more, build more, and ship more than in most other companies. You’ll be challenged a lot, but also have a lot of fun on the way. So, if you’re a self-starter with drive and entrepreneurial spirit, this could be the ride of your life.</span></p></div><h2>Role background</h2>
<p>Responsible for the Workplace Experience and Operations for a geographical region spanning 10 countries, our Workplace Managers combine People, Technology, and Space across Office and Serviced Office locations to create an exceptional workplace experience for our Employees, Visitors, Contractors and Courier Partners. Regional Workplace Managers support their direct reports (in country workplace managers) to perform at their best, providing guidance and oversight to ensure our workplaces’ functionality, comfort, safety, sustainability and efficiency;&nbsp; whilst ensuring that our office ‘hubs’ are properly set up for collaboration and focus as well as our smaller satellite locations without onsite staff appropriately situated, supported and well-equipped.</p>
<h2>What you’ll be doing</h2>
<ul>
<li>Lead a regional team of Workplace Managers &amp; Workplace Coordinators in ensuring our workplace experience supports Wolt’s mission &amp; values and team objectives are met.</li>
<li>Setup and onboard new offices as Wolt expands in your region. Partner with business leads, local and global teams to ensure effective communication with landlords, internal and external stakeholders so that office projects in your region can be delivered on time and in accordance with both Wolt’s global standards and any local requirements.</li>
<li>Ensure all sites within the regional portfolio are managed and maintained to a high standard and in compliance with local and global policies and guidelines.</li>
<li>Build department policies and procedures in conjunction with Wolt’s Global Workplace and Facilities manager, complying with International Health and Safety Standards.</li>
<li>Partner with South region teams such as Physical Security and Safety, Sustainability and People to provide office specific program roll outs for initiatives such as Health and Safety, Sustainability and DEI, Internal Events and Community.</li>
<li>Partner with Integrated Facilities Management Vendors to ensure safe and compliant workspaces and that service level agreements are met. Conduct formal site condition inspections and work closely with responsible parties to ensure any deficiencies identified are resolved.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Create and own the development of annual Opex budgets for your region, tracking and reporting on financial variance and operations expenses management.</li>
</ul>
<h2>Our Humble Expectations</h2>
<ul>
<li>8+ years previous experience and regional role experience Workplace or Facilities Management in a global organization within a fast-paced and high growth environment</li>
<li>Bachelors or equivalent years of experience. Industry body qualifications&nbsp; (IWFM, CFM or similar) are a bonus.</li>
<li>Excellent organizational skills and attention to detail</li>
<li>Strong leadership capabilities, proven experience to motivate and lead a team</li>
<li>Excellent communication and interpersonal skills, and the ability to work with internal and external stakeholders</li>
<li>A demonstrated ability to work collaboratively across departments and levels within a complex organization.</li>
<li>Ability and willingness to travel in order to properly support all locations in-Region (especially during office relocations and openings)</li>
<li>Excellent written and verbal communication skills in English. Ability to work autonomously in a fast-moving environment, strong relationship building and stakeholder management skills, and a true growth mindset to consistently learn and develop skills.</li>
<li>Comfortable collaborating remotely and dynamically using digital tools such as GSuite, Slack and Zoom.</li>
</ul>
<p><iframe src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/GoL541\_xj9w" width="560" height="314"></iframe></p><div class="content-conclusion"><h2><span data-sheets-root="1">Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion</span></h2>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">We’re committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. That’s why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.</span></p></div>