[People.ai](http://People.ai) is an AI-powered foundational data platform that helps customers unlock go-to-market success & growth by providing teams with solutions built specifically for their needs. Providing enhanced pipeline visibility, more actionable insights, and a single source of truth for all sales activities. [People.ai](http://People.ai)’s unique dataset, consisting of trillions of sales activities, millions of deals, 160 million business contacts, and 69 approved patents related to AI-based business insights, sets the company apart. Companies such as Verizon, Red Hat, and Palo Alto Networks rely on their enterprise-ready, patented AI technology.

At [People.ai](http://People.ai), we believe that people enrich the world around them in countless ways. We believe that the more time they spend applying their creativity, resourcefulness, and critical thinking to activities that matter most in their professional life, the more effective a professional they become. Our team is a diverse, outspoken group of creatives and critical thinkers, hyper-focused on driving change and growth. We embrace “different”. We applaud non-traditional career paths. We're inspired by people who have made processes their own.

As a Senior Software Engineer on the XCore team, you will work on one of the most impactful projects at People.ai — Forecasting. You will be building and evolving a live product with active daily users, working closely with the business team and customers through discovery and exploration calls. You will have a direct impact on company revenue by defining and delivering features grounded in real customer feedback. Your work will directly influence how customers plan, forecast outcomes, and make critical business decisions.

In addition, you will collaborate across Engineering and R&D teams to enhance core Admin Platform services such as authentication, users, settings, and configurations. You will leverage customer insights and data analysis to design and build high-performance, low-latency systems and APIs that scale efficiently while improving our operational costs

We value ownership highly — the ability to take an idea through all the stages from conception to shipping a product. This reflects throughout our company, but is especially true in engineering. As an engineer at People.ai, you'll be a part of a highly independent and autonomous team. Since we're building out a robust data layer that needs to be presented elegantly to the end-user, you'll be working with a large array of different technologies and fields. Expect lots of interesting challenges.

## Responsibilities:

- Take ownership of projects. From requirements gathering,  through design, implementation and testing, to monitoring and maintenance throughout the tech stack.
- Collaborate within the team, with other engineering teams and cross-functionally to enhance our users’ experience.
- Follow software design and development best practices and promote such practices in the team.
- Document design choices and operational knowledge to successfully deploy and run services.
- Ensure code accuracy and efficiency with appropriate test coverage, integration testing and load testing.
- Ensure robust alerting, dashboards, and runbooks for production services are in place.

## Requirements:

- 7+ years of professional experience working on backend systems in an enterprise environment
- 2+ years experience programming in Python 2.x/3.x or Scala or Java
- Experience with SOA, microservices, and event-driven architecture
- Experience with an enterprise-grade stack for scalable web apps, including messaging brokers, in-memory storage, and key-value databases
- Strong knowledge of TDD, Unit, and automated test paradigms
- Experience with SQL and RDBMS solutions
- Experience with containerized applications, Docker, and Kubernetes
- Possess a DevOps mindset, AWS experience is a plus
- Experience with LLMs is a plus
- Experience with large-scale data processing (Spark) is a plus
- Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or in a closely related discipline

Headquartered in San Francisco, CA, [People.ai](http://People.ai) is backed by Y Combinator and Silicon Valley’s top investors, including ICONIQ Capital, Andreessen Horowitz, Lightspeed Venture Partners, Akkadian Ventures, and Mubadala Capital. [People.ai](http://People.ai) is listed in the top 20 percent of Inc 5000 companies, is a regular leader in our key categories on G2, and is on the Forbes list of America’s Best Startup Employers. For more information, please visit [www.people.ai](http://www.people.ai).