<div class="content-intro"><p><strong>Who we are&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>At Twilio, we’re shaping the future of communications, all from the comfort of our homes. We deliver innovative solutions to<a class="c-link" href="https://customers.twilio.com/" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://customers.twilio.com/" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">&nbsp;hundreds of thousands of businesses&nbsp;</a>and empower millions of developers worldwide to craft personalized customer experiences.</p>
<p>Our dedication to <a class="c-link" href="https://www.twilio.com/en-us/blog/open-work" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://www.twilio.com/en-us/blog/open-work" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">remote-first work</a>, and strong culture of connection and global inclusion means that no matter your location, you’re part of a vibrant team with diverse experiences making a global impact each day. As we continue to revolutionize how the world interacts, we’re acquiring new skills and experiences that make work feel truly rewarding. Your career at Twilio is in your hands.<br><br>We use Artificial Intelligence (AI) to help make our hiring process efficient. That said, every hiring decision is made by real Twilions!</p>
<p><span style="color: rgb(255, 255, 255);">.</span></p></div><p><strong>See yourself at Twilio</strong></p>
<p>Join the team as Twilio’s next APJ Talent Advisor!</p>
<h3><strong>About the job</strong></h3>
<p>We are looking for a high-impact sales recruiter to drive the growth and evolution of our Go-To-Market organizations across Japan, Australia, Singapore, and the broader Asia Pacific region. In this role, you won't just fill requisitions; you will act as a strategic talent advisor and operational driver to Twilio’s APJ GTM teams to identify and hire talent. You will navigate a fast-paced global environment, reporting to a global team and partnering with stakeholders across multiple time zones to deliver world-class candidate experiences.</p>
<h3><strong>Responsibilities</strong></h3>
<p>In this role, you’ll:</p>
<ul>
<li>Lead the Full-Cycle Recruitment Process: Responsible for the end-to-end journey for complex sales and GTM roles; from defining success profiles for talent in Japan, Singapore, and Australia, to negotiating high-complexity offers involving equity and regional constraints. Own and manage all candidate channels (sourced, referrals, internals, etc) and conduct competency-based interviews to evaluate candidate skill sets and competencies against Twilio Magic values and job requirements.</li>
<li>Act as a Strategic Advisor: Partner with GTM leadership (VP level and below) and key TA stakeholders (HRBPs, TA Ops, Total Rewards, Finance) to consult on talent needs, using market intelligence and funnel insights to influence hiring strategy and drive outcomes.</li>
<li>Drive Global Alignment: Operate effectively within a global TA organization, ensuring local hiring practices in Japan and APJ align with Twilio’s global standards while managing stakeholders across diverse time zones.</li>
<li>Orchestrate a High-Signal Candidate Journey: Remove process friction and ensure values-aligned communication to maintain Twilio’s reputation as an employer of choice in a competitive market.</li>
<li>Exhibit Operational Excellence: Utilize data and AI recruiting tools to maximize efficiency, adhering to regional SLAs and compliance regulations.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Qualifications&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>Twilio values diverse experiences from all kinds of industries, and we encourage everyone who meets the required qualifications to apply. If your career is just starting or hasn't followed a traditional path, don't let that stop you from considering Twilio. We are always looking for people who will bring something new to the table!</p>
<p><strong>Required:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>5+ years of recruiting experience, with at least 3 years of full-cycle experience in sales and GTM recruiting within a global SaaS/Enterprise technology company.</li>
<li>Bilingual fluency in Japanese and English, with the cultural nuance required to drive high-stakes talent acquisition across the Japanese and broader APJ markets.</li>
<li>Proven expertise in managing high-level GTM stakeholder relationships (Senior Manager through VP), ensuring seamless partnership and successful headcount execution.</li>
<li>Full-cycle recruiting experience across APAC (Japan, ANZ, SEA, Singapore, China, and RoA), specializing in Account Executives (new business and strategic) and Solutions/Pre-sales Engineers</li>
<li>Global Operating Capability: Demonstrated ability to work autonomously in a global setup, managing stakeholders across multiple time zones with minimal oversight.</li>
<li>Data-Driven Mindset: Strong expertise in talent data analytics and market intelligence to influence hiring decisions.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Ability to represent Twilio’s employer brand and serve as an ambassador for the company</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Desired:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Recruiting experience across APAC region for Customer Services, Professional Services, and Operations roles, including Technical Account Managers</li>
<li>A strong sense of urgency and ability to keep pace with business demand in a fast-paced and challenging work environment</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Location</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>This role will be remote and based in Japan.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Travel</strong><strong><br></strong>We prioritize connection and opportunities to build relationships with our customers and each other. For this role, you may be required to travel occasionally to participate in project or team in-person meetings.</p>
<p><strong>What We Offer</strong></p>
<p>Working at Twilio offers many benefits, including competitive pay, generous time off, ample parental and wellness leave, healthcare, a retirement savings program, and much more. Offerings vary by location.</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>Twilio thinks big. Do you?</strong></p>
<p>We like to solve problems, take initiative, pitch in when needed, and are always up for trying new things. That's why we seek out colleagues who embody our values — something we call <a href="https://www.twilio.com/company/values">Twilio Magic</a>. Additionally, we empower employees to build <a href="https://twilio.org/support-and-resources/impact-fund">positive change in their communities</a> by supporting their volunteering and donation efforts.</p>
<p>So, if you're ready to unleash your full potential, do your best work, and be the best version of yourself, apply now! If this role isn't what you're looking for, <a href="https://www.twilio.com/company/jobs#open-positions">please consider other open positions.</a></p>
<p><strong>Twilio is proud to be an equal opportunity employer.</strong> We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, reproductive health decisions, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, genetic information, political views or activity, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Qualified applicants with arrest or conviction records will be considered for employment in accordance with the Los Angeles County Fair Chance Ordinance for Employers and the California Fair Chance Act. Additionally, Twilio participates in the E-Verify program in certain locations, as required by law.</p></div>