<div class="content-intro"><p><strong>Secure Every Identity, from AI to Human<br><br></strong>Identity is the key to unlocking the potential of AI. Okta secures AI by building the trusted, neutral infrastructure that enables organizations to safely embrace this new era. This work requires a relentless drive to solve complex challenges with real-world stakes. We are looking for builders and owners who operate with speed and urgency and execute with excellence.<br><br>This is an opportunity to do career-defining work. We're all in on this mission. If you are too, let's talk.</p></div><p><strong>Position Description</strong></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>Okta is an enterprise grade identity management platform, built from the ground up in the cloud and delivered with an unwavering focus on customer success. With Okta, organizations can manage access across any application, person or device. Whether the people are employees, partners or customers or the applications are in the cloud, on premises or on a mobile device, Okta helps organizations become more secure, make people more productive, and maintain compliance.</p>
<p>The Okta platform provides directory services, single sign-on, strong authentication, provisioning, workflow, and built in reporting. It runs in the cloud on a secure, reliable, extensively audited platform and integrates deeply with on premises applications, directories, and identity management systems.</p>
<p>We are looking for an experienced Principal Software Engineer to work on our Onboarding and Lifecycle Management (LCM) Platform team with focus on enhancing and managing services for importing, syncing and provisioning identities and access policies i.e., users, groups, roles, entitlements, etc. These features allow customers the flexibility to link and enhance their business processes with Okta’s identity management product. We are looking for a seasoned Principal Engineer to join our team and help us build the future of identity and access management. Ideal candidate should be</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>Hands-on expert developer in Java who is deeply technical with a passion for building high-quality, secure, and performant applications and frameworks.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Demonstrable experience leading technical projects involving more than 20 engineers across multiple workstreams</p>
<p>Excited by the opportunity to work on cutting-edge security and identity management challenges and are a thought leader who can drive technical strategy and mentor other engineers.</p>
<p>A collaborative individual with excellent communication skills, capable of working with cross-functional teams to deliver on a shared vision.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Not just be a builder; but a force multiplier who can create frameworks and solutions that enable other teams to be more productive.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>This role is to build, design solutions, and maintain our platform for scale. The ideal candidate is someone who has experience building software systems to manage and deploy reliable and performant infrastructure and product code at scale on a cloud infrastructure.</p>
<p><strong>Job Duties And Responsibilities</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Work with senior engineering team in major development projects, design and implementation</li>
<li>Lead the architectural design and implementation of new features and services, with a focus on scalability, performance, and security.</li>
<li>Collaborate with product managers, architects, and other engineering teams to define the technical strategy and lead the prototyping of software components.</li>
<li>Directly oversee and coordinate complex technical initiatives involving 20+ engineers, ensuring alignment across disparate sub-teams</li>
<li>Drive a culture of engineering excellence and continuous improvement, with a focus on robust testing, monitoring, and operational excellence.</li>
<li>Stay up-to-date with the latest industry trends and technologies in identity, security, and distributed systems.</li>
<li>Partner with our Product Development, QA, and Site Reliability Engineering teams for scoping the development and deployment work.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Required Knowledge, Skills, And Abilities</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>The ideal candidate is someone who is experienced building software systems to manage and deploy reliable and performant infrastructure and product code at scale on a cloud infrastructure</li>
<li>15+ years of Software Development in Java, preferably significant experience with Hibernate and Spring Boot</li>
<li>A deep understanding of design patterns, scalability patterns, security engineering, and object-oriented principles.</li>
<li>4+ years experience automating and deploying large scale production services in AWS, GCP or similar</li>
<li>Deep understanding of infrastructure level technologies: caching, stream processing, resilient architectures.</li>
<li>Experience working with relational databases, ideally MySQL, PostgreSQL or GraphDB</li>
<li>Strong communication skills and the ability to work across functions, distributed teams.</li>
<li>Lead and mentor junior engineers</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Nice to haves</strong>:</p>
<ul>
<li>Experience with server-side technologies including caching, asynchronous processing, and multi-threading.</li>
<li>Experience with security best practices and threat modeling</li>
<li>Knowledge of Identity and Access Management protocols and technologies: OAuth, OpenID Connect, SAML, SCIM</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Education</strong>&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>B.E. Computer Science or equivalent<br><br></li>
</ul>
<p>#LI-Hybrid</p>
<p>P24180\_3403358</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong><br>The Okta Experience</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><a href="http://rewards.okta.com">Supporting Your Well-Being</a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="https://www.okta.com/company/okta-for-good/">Driving Social Impact&nbsp;</a></li>
<li><a href="https://www.okta.com/company/talent-connection-community/">Developing Talent and Fostering Connection + Community</a></li>
</ul>
<p>We are intentional about connection. Our global community, spanning over 20 offices worldwide, is united by a drive to innovate. Your journey begins with an immersive, in-person onboarding experience designed to accelerate your impact and connect you to our mission and team from day one.<br><br>Okta is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, marital status, age, physical or mental disability, or status as a protected veteran. We also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and convictions records, consistent with applicable laws.<br><br>If reasonable accommodation is needed to complete any part of the job application, interview process, or onboarding please&nbsp;<a href="https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1EfiEYZrIyhA2X4Fijk0R3RKYOzNoS3wtvyM4nhbZnXE/edit">use this Form</a> to request an accommodation.<br><br>Notice for New York City Applicants &amp; Employees: Okta may use Automated Employment Decision Tools (AEDT), as defined by New York City Local Law 144, that use artificial intelligence, machine learning, or other automated processes to assist in our recruitment and hiring process. In accordance with NYC Local Law 144, if you are an applicant or employee residing in New York City, please&nbsp;<a href="https://talent.okta.com/new-york-city-aedt-notice.html">click here</a> to view our full NYC AEDT Notice.<br><br>Okta is committed to complying with applicable data privacy and security laws and regulations. For more information, please see our Personnel and Job Candidate Privacy Notice at&nbsp;<a href="https://www.okta.com/legal/personnel-policy/">https://www.okta.com/legal/personnel-policy/</a>.</p></div>