<div class="content-intro"><p>Airtable is the no-code app platform that empowers people closest to the work to accelerate their most critical business processes. More than 500,000 organizations, including 80% of the Fortune 100, rely on Airtable to transform how work gets done.</p></div><p>As a Corporate Account Executive at Airtable you will have the opportunity to work closely with a variety of clients and accounts. Each client has unique needs and you act as a trusted business advisor, helping them effectively leverage our product to drive maximum impact for their business.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Just like Lego blocks, what our customers can build with Airtable is virtually limitless. This opens up all sorts of exciting possibilities for our Sales team in terms of who our potential customer is. As a result, the demand for our product has outpaced the capacity of our sales team.</p>
<p>Your role will be to cover companies up to 800 FTE. Book of business will be mixed.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Please note, this is a hybrid position based in London with the expectation of 3 days a week in office.</strong></p>
<h1><strong>What you'll do</strong></h1>
<ul>
<li>Ownership &amp; Autonomy: Enjoy full ownership of building and scaling the commercial and mid-market customer base, with the freedom to shape your approach and make a real impact.</li>
<li>Strategic Sales Cycle: Manage the end-to-end sales process—from discovery to close, including demos, negotiations, and building lasting relationships.</li>
<li>Shape Customer Success: Build trusted partnerships with key decision-makers and drive business transformation through our solutions.</li>
<li>Become an Airtable product expert, delighting prospects with a phenomenal educational experience, and helping cross-functional teams with product feedback and user insights</li>
</ul>
<h1><strong>Who you are</strong></h1>
<ul>
<li>3+ years in a SaaS sales role with a track record of success, minimum 2+ years closing experience</li>
<li>Experience as a customer account manager as well as a new logo hunter</li>
<li>Strong business acumen that includes prior experience managing multiple concurrent client relationships, anticipating change, adjusting priorities accordingly, and working effectively as a team</li>
<li>Self-starter comfortable with some ambiguity, demonstrating a willingness to learn/ramp quickly and be a creative problem solver for the larger Airtable team</li>
<li>You embody a growth mindset and seek out opportunities to constantly learn and grow. Extreme curiosity to learn about the product, the industry, and your customer’s businesses.</li>
<li>Strong operational mindset, eager to build processes for yourself and the team to maximize productivity</li>
<li><em>Nice to have: </em>Language skills: while not a requirement, we’d be thrilled to add more bilingual candidates with French and German language skills to the team.</li>
<li><em>Nice to have:&nbsp;</em>Airtable or no code ecosystem experience.</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>What We Offer</strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">&nbsp;</span></h3>
<ul>
<li>In addition to NHS coverage, you will have access to supplemental insurance 100% covered (and your dependents covered at 85%)</li>
<li>Competitive pension scheme, life insurance, paid leave and sick leave&nbsp;</li>
<li>Complimentary mental health support via Modern Health&nbsp;</li>
<li>Family planning support via Carrot (fertility, adoption, and surrogacy)</li>
<li>Flexible and generous time off and sick time benefits</li>
<li>Transportation &amp; Commuter Benefits</li>
<li>Monthly “Lifestyle Wallet” to use for benefits like personal fitness (e.g., gym memberships, fitness equipment, etc.) to pet care to nutrition coaching, and more.&nbsp;&nbsp;</li>
<li>Supplemental reimbursement for Gender Affirmation procedures and services</li>
<li>Legal services - access to online tools to legal forms</li>
</ul>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">At Airtable, we embrace diversity and strive to create a workplace where everyone has an equal opportunity to thrive. We welcome people of different backgrounds, experiences, abilities, and perspectives. We strive for Airtable to be a pleasant and supportive place to work, and to attract and retain a diverse team of talented people.&nbsp; We take great pride in holding everyone accountable for treating each other with dignity and respect.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Airtable is committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodation to individuals with disabilities. If you have a medical condition or disability which inhibits your ability to complete any part of the application process, please complete our </span><a href="https://airtable.com/shrq13fCV8h1sx2t8"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Accommodations Request Form</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">and let us know how we may assist you.</span></p><div class="content-conclusion"><p>Please see our Privacy Notice for details regarding Airtable’s collection and use of personal data relating to the application and recruitment process by clicking <a href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1fKEf0G59m8RT2ZaOJyxoqQ3kW3oUaxhZ/view" target="\_blank">here</a>.<br><br>For applicants that live in or have a link to Australia, please see this <a href="https://www.airtable.com/company/job-application-privacy-statement" target="\_blank">Privacy Collection Statement</a> for details regarding Airtable's collection and use of personal data relating to the application and recruitment process.</p>
<p>🔒 <strong>Stay Safe from Job Scams</strong><br>All official Airtable communication will come from an <strong>@airtable.com</strong> email address. We will never ask you to share sensitive information or purchase equipment during the hiring process. If in doubt, contact us at <a href="mailto:hr@airtable.com">hr@airtable.com</a>. Learn more about avoiding job scams <a href="https://consumer.ftc.gov/consumer-alerts/2022/05/want-work-home-spot-scams-first">here</a>.</p></div>