<div class="content-intro"><p>Celonis is the global leader in Process Intelligence and the pioneer of Process Mining technology. As one of the world’s fastest-growing enterprise SaaS companies, we are changemakers pushing the boundaries of what’s possible. We invest heavily in advanced AI capabilities—specifically our Process Intelligence Graph—to turn data insights into immediate business action. We believe there is a massive opportunity to unlock global productivity and sustainability by placing intelligence at the core of every business process. Join our mission to make processes work for people, companies, and the planet.</p></div><p><strong>The Team:</strong></p>
<p>The Celonis Process Mining Innovation (PMI) team is a dynamic group of R&amp;D engineers committed to advancing process mining. We focus on hands-on development, creating new solutions and algorithms to continually elevate our platform and push the limits of best-in-class process mining technology.</p>
<p><strong>The Role:</strong><strong><br></strong><strong><br></strong>Join the Process Mining Technology division as a Research Engineer for Process Mining Innovation. The division is focused on developing and testing cutting-edge algorithms and approaches for process discovery and data-driven process modeling. In this role, you will specialize in Object-Centric Process Mining (OCPM), a novel, multidimensional approach that is defining the future of process mining. Your responsibilities will include:</p>
<ul>
<li>Translating requirements and innovative ideas into functional code.</li>
<li>Rigorously evaluating the efficacy and performance of the developed code.</li>
<li>Implementing and integrating solutions into our existing product suite.</li>
<li>Collaborating closely with product managers and other software engineers to ensure successful deployment to production.</li>
</ul>
<p>We expect you to contribute to the scientific community and our intellectual property portfolio by:</p>
<ul>
<li>Publishing your research results in top-tier scientific outlets.</li>
<li>Patent your inventive work.</li>
<li>Support in coordinating (funded) research projects.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Key Responsibilities:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><strong>Product &amp; Strategy:</strong></li>
<ul>
<li>Partner with the Process Mining (PMI) team to understand the current state-of-the-art in Object-Centric Process Mining (OCPM) and identify valuable new solutions.</li>
<li>Guide and influence the development of OCPM features at Celonis by collaborating with platform product managers and engineers.</li>
<li>Define the optimal user experience by working closely with the UX team.</li>
</ul>
<li><strong>Development &amp; Implementation:</strong></li>
<ul>
<li>Translate innovative ideas and requirements into high-quality, functional code.</li>
<li>Rigorous evaluation of the developed code's efficacy and performance.</li>
<li>Implement and integrate new solutions into the existing product suite.</li>
<li>Collaborate with product managers and fellow software engineers to ensure successful deployment to production.</li>
</ul>
<li><strong>Research &amp; Innovation:</strong></li>
<ul>
<li>Publish research findings in top-tier scientific outlets.</li>
<li>Patent inventive work.</li>
<li>Support in coordinating funded research projects.</li>
</ul>
</ul>
<p><strong>Required Qualifications:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>PhD degree in Computer Science, Data Science, Mathematics, Business Informatics, or a comparable field.</li>
<li>Hands-on experience with Process Mining, Data Analytics, or Business Intelligence tools (e.g., PowerBI, Tableau, Qlik).</li>
<li>Initial experience in programming, working with databases, and ETL processes.</li>
<li>Strong communication skills, coupled with an interest in engaging with potential customers.</li>
<li>Fluent spoken and written English is mandatory.</li>
<li>Ability to work independently and demonstrate 'out-of-the-box' thinking are key personal traits sought for this role.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Beneficial/Preferred Qualifications:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Knowledge of German is a plus.</li>
<li>Experience with SAP, Oracle, or other ERP systems is advantageous.&nbsp;</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>What Celonis can offer you:</strong></p>
<ul class="p-rich\_text\_list p-rich\_text\_list\_\_bullet p-rich\_text\_list--nested" data-stringify-type="unordered-list" data-list-tree="true" data-indent="0" data-border="0">
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Pioneer Innovation:</span> Work with the global leader in Process Mining and the Process Intelligence Graph to shape the future of AI-driven business operations.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Ownership from Day 1:</span> Every full-time "Celonaut" is an owner, receiving Restricted Stock Units (RSUs) and merit-based refresh grants.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Unrivaled Family Support:</span> Benefit from our inclusive parental leave policy—24 weeks of fully paid leave for primary carers and 12 weeks for supporting carers, available from your first day of employment.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Work-Life Integration:</span> Enjoy Unlimited PTO (in applicable regions) and generous PTO globally, as well as a flexible hybrid work model that balances remote focus with vibrant office collaboration.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Continuous Growth:</span> Elevate your skills through our 70-20-10 learning framework, mentorship programs, and access to a dedicated learning platform.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Holistic Well-being:</span> Prioritize your health with subsidized Wellhub memberships, mental health counseling, and dedicated "Wellness Weeks" that prioritize work/life balance.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Drive Sustainability:</span> Participate in annual Impact Days, where you receive paid time off to volunteer for community and environmental causes with your local office, or virtually.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Global Inclusion &amp; Belonging:</span> Find community through our Inclusion Think Tank and participate in our annual Inclusion Days, ensuring every voice is heard and valued.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Value-Driven Impact:</span> Join a mission-led organization where our core values—Live for Customer Value, The Best Team Wins, We Own It, and Earth Is Our Future—drive every decision.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>About Us:</strong></p>
<p>Celonis makes processes work — for people, companies, and the planet. Powered by process mining and AI, the Celonis Process Intelligence Platform integrates process data and business context to create a living digital twin of business operations. We enable thousands of companies worldwide to understand how their business actually runs and, together with their partners, build intelligent solutions that transform and continuously improve the way they operate — unlocking billions in value. Celonis is headquartered in Munich, Germany, and New York City, USA, with more than 20 offices worldwide.</p>
<p><br>Get familiar with the Celonis Process Intelligence Platform by watching this <a href="https://academy.celonis.com/learn/video/discover-the-ems">video</a>.</p>
<p><strong>Celonis Inclusion Statement:</strong></p>
<p>At Celonis, we believe our people make us who we are and that “The Best Team Wins”. We know that the best teams are made up of people who bring different perspectives to the table. And when everyone feels included, able to speak up and knows their voice is heard - that's when creativity and innovation happen.<strong><br></strong></p>
<p><strong>Your Privacy:</strong></p>
<p>Any information you submit to Celonis as part of your application will be processed in accordance with Celonis’ <a href="https://www.celonis.com/careers/candidate-notices">Accessibility and Candidate Notices</a></p>
<p>By submitting this application, you confirm that you agree to the storing and processing of your personal data by Celonis as described in our <a href="https://www.celonis.com/careers/privacy-notice/">Privacy Notice for the Application and Hiring Process</a>.</p>
<p>Please be aware of common job offer scams, impersonators and frauds. Learn more <a href="https://www.celonis.com/careers/fraud-alert/">here</a>.</p></div>