<h2><strong>Who we are</strong></h2>
<h3><strong>About Stripe</strong></h3>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies—from the world’s largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyone’s reach while doing the most important work of your career.</span></p>
<h3><strong>About the team</strong></h3>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Technical Account Managers work cross-functionally to support Stripe’s largest and most complex users. Through trusted relationships, we offer customized, strategic consultations and proactively identify opportunity areas to help businesses deliver more value to their customers, optimize technical operations on their teams, and accelerate their global growth with Stripe.</span></p>
<h3><strong>What you’ll do</strong></h3>
<p>A Risk Technical Account Manager specifically plays a critical role in partnering with Stripe’s Platform users. A Risk TAM partners with the rest of the Technical Account Management team and oversees a portfolio of Platform users, focused on improving a platform's onboarding and risk experience.</p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">The Risk TAM blends a balance of technical aptitude with operational risk expertise, delivering custom and scaled technical guidance, risk health checks, and optimizations to large platforms. <br>Additionally, Risk TAMs work cross-functionally across internal Stripe teams such as Risk Operations, Risk Product and Engineering, Stripe Connect, and Support to provide an elevated users-first experience. The vision is for Risk TAMs to be the leading subject matter expert within our TAM organization who both elevate the internal team with their learnings and share their expertise to the benefit of our users.</span></p>
<p><strong>Responsibilities</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;"><strong>Portfolio Management &amp; Monitoring</strong></span></p>
<ul>
<li>Oversee your portfolio's risk metrics and highlight key opportunities to internal and external stakeholders</li>
<li>Leverage dashboards and custom insights to identify and remediate Platform challenges&nbsp;</li>
<li>Manage the overall risk experience of Platforms in tandem with Platform TAMs</li>
</ul>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;"><strong>Proactive User Engagement</strong></span></p>
<ul>
<li>Develop both bespoke and scalable risk guidance and technical workshops.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Conduct routine risk, onboarding and verification technical health checks.</li>
</ul>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;"><strong>Customer Advocacy</strong></span></p>
<ul>
<li>Deliver an elevated service and support experience (fast, smart, concise, human, accurate, and informed) to your assigned users and internal stakeholders.</li>
<li>Represent user priorities within the Operations, Risk Operations and Connect Product Org detailing platform user experience and product/feature feedback.</li>
</ul>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;"><strong>Knowledge Base &amp; Process Improvement</strong></span></p>
<ul>
<li>Develop in-depth understanding of regional risk and onboarding requirements&nbsp;</li>
<li>Build standard operating procedures for the Risk TAM practice scaling your best practices to a global team to replicate.</li>
</ul>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;"><strong>Collaboration &amp; Team Alignment</strong></span></p>
<ul>
<li>Partner with other TAMs, Customer Success Managers, and Account Executives to deliver exceptional user experience for Platforms</li>
<li>Collaborate with Risk Operations and Connect Product teams on user feedback and new market launches and updates.</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>Who you are</strong></h3>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.</span></p>
<p><strong>Minimum requirements</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>3+ years of experience in technical account management, risk management, operations or account management roles, preferably in payments, fintech, a regulated entity, or with SaaS Platforms or marketplaces</li>
<li>Familiarity with APIs and able to explain API concepts to Stripe’s largest and most technical customers</li>
<li>Demonstrated SQL experience with ability to write, edit and understand queries</li>
<li>Proficiency in data analytics and reporting (Power BI, Tableau, or similar) Ability to problem solve with minimal guidance in a rapidly changing environment while navigating ambiguity</li>
<li>Demonstrated technical aptitude and prior experience with data analysis and use of technical tools to troubleshoot user issues</li>
<li>Willingness to learn new technologies and product features and functionality</li>
<li>Excellent communication skills and ability to engage with users at scale through written content (newsletters, webinars) and virtual sessions</li>
<li>A customer-first mindset with the ability to quickly build rapport, instill confidence, and drive adoption</li>
<li>Ability to collaborate with cross-functional teams to achieve desired results</li>
<li>Experience in payments, compliance, product onboarding, or risk.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Preferred qualifications</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Experience with tools like Postman, xCode, Python, Webhooks, and ETL</li>
<li>Bachelor’s degree in a relevant field (e.g., Computer Science, Information Systems, Business) or equivalent experience</li>
<li>Experience in high-volume user management or portfolio-based customer success models</li>
<li>Prior exposure to automation or one-to-many engagement strategies (creating webinars, developing email campaigns, etc.)</li>
<li>Experience working with data and ability to analyze user feedback patterns and provide insights to drive improvements</li>
<li>Experience in product, consulting, or project management</li>
</ul>