Pioneer of online flash sales since 2001 and key player in European e-commerce, Veepee collaborates with over 7,000 brands to offer highly discounted products available for a limited time. Operating across various sectors, including fashion, home, wine, travel or beauty... Veepee achieved a turnover of 3.3 billion euros incl. VAT in 2024 and employs 5,000 staff members across 10 countries.

## 📄 JOD DESCRIPTION

- The Operations Business Analyst acts as a strategic partner for operational teams. The mission is to transform complex data into actionable insights and high-quality visualization tools, ensuring a data-driven steering of Veepee Operations.

## 🎯 TASKS

- **Business Partnering :**

Partner with business teams to challenge and define relevant KPIs, ensuring they provide a true steering value.

- **Data framing :**

Translate business needs into detailed data requirements for Data teams, acting as a bridge to identify necessary data sources and coordinate cross-functional efforts.

- **Data validation :**

Take ownership of user acceptance testing (UAT) for new data models and semantic layer objects, ensuring maximum data accuracy and reliability.

- **Data visualisation :**

Design and build user-friendly, high-impact dashboards in Strategy (the Group’s BI tool) to empower business teams with intuitive tools to steer the business effectively.

- **Change management :**

Drive BI tool adoption by leading training sessions and providing continuous support, ensuring teams are autonomous and engaged with Strategy.

- **Advanced analytics :**

Produce complex analysis on evolution of metrics, correlations, and impacts to help function owners steer their areas. Synthesize into compelling presentations, using storytelling to deliver clear messages to stakeholders.

- **Operational reporting & Support :**

Create, produce, maintain and distribute recurrent reports required by stakeholders. Support the business with quick data extractions and analyses to answer operational questions.

## 👉 MUST HAVE skills

- Advanced in SQL, Excel/Google sheets, and Data visualisation tools
- Data management skills, ability to define business requirements and perform rigorous UAT
- Storytelling, active listening, project management, and ability to simplify complex topics
- Extreme attention to detail, high autonomy, prioritization, and strong customer focus
- English is a must

## 👉 NICE TO HAVE skills

- Micro strategy is a plus

## ✅ BENEFITS

- 👉 Variable bonus
- 👉 Profit-sharing and incentive plan
- 👉 Flexible Office with minimum 3 days on site and up to 2 days at home
- 👉 Online language learning Platform
- 👉 Works Council and its many benefits
- 👉 CESU & vacation vouchers
- 👉 Access to a company restaurant and canteen connected
- 👉 Access to the gym

## ⚙️RECRUITMENT PROCESS

- 1️⃣HR interview
- 2️⃣ Manager interview
- 3️⃣ Technical test
- 4️⃣Interview with the direction
- We are convinced that it is up to you to define the way you work, to develop yourself and to progress. At Veepee we guarantee that you can just be yourself!For the service of diversity and inclusion, Veepee is committed to reviewing all applications received on an equal basis.
- **🔗COMPANY** For more information about our ecosystem :  <https://careers.veepee.com/en/home-page-en/>

The Veepee Group processes your data collected as part of the management of your recruitment in order to manage your application file for the position for which you have applied. To find out more about our [personal data protection policy](https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vSo1RtdSKVW0sLLtdwWOSoM3PzGXfqS030q1JrdJXDuOJXfhVwx_YLrrQYJcLQUpA/pub), we invite you to consult it on our career site.