<div class="content-intro"><p><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif; font-size: 12pt;">Airbnb was born in 2007 when two hosts welcomed three guests to their San Francisco home, and has since grown to over 5 million hosts who have welcomed over 2 billion guest arrivals in almost every country across the globe. Every day, hosts offer unique stays and experiences that make it possible for guests to connect with communities in a more authentic way.</span></p></div><p><strong>The Community You Will Join:</strong></p>
<p>Are you passionate about driving the success of a global business in the dynamic and fast-paced world of corporate communications? If so, we have the perfect opportunity for you!&nbsp;</p>
<p>As the Corporate Communications Manager for France, you will play a central role in shaping and executing the communications strategy for one of the biggest markets for Airbnb globally. The ideal candidate is a self-starter and a team player who is deeply immersed in the media landscape, not just in France, but also has a global perspective, and who can manage complex media relationships, shape narrative, and navigate challenging communications landscapes.</p>
<p>Joining our French Communications team based in our vibrant Paris office, you will have the chance to work closely with the local policy, business, marketing, and the regional communications team, forging strong partnerships and ensuring a positive reputation and favorability for Airbnb in the French market.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>The Difference You Will Make:</strong></p>
<p>This is not your average Corporate Communications role. You will have the opportunity to drive impactful projects and campaigns, manage a busy press office, and engage directly with journalists. With your established media contacts in France, you will be at the forefront of shaping the narrative and telling Airbnb's story in France.</p>
<p>Your work will be diverse and exciting, from managing media inquiries and coordinating high-profile events to gathering compelling stories from our amazing community of hosts. You will have the freedom to develop and deliver innovative communications plans that showcase the benefits of sharing your home and traveling on Airbnb while providing strategic counsel to top senior leadership.&nbsp;</p>
<p>If you thrive in a fast-paced environment, love building relationships, and have a passion for driving positive change, this role is made for you. Join us in shaping the future of Airbnb's corporate and policy communications in the French market.</p>
<p>This role is based in Paris (hybrid, 2-3 days a week in the office) and is a 12-month fixed-term contract.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>A Typical Day:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Work closely with the French team to develop robust and effective corporate and policy communications strategies and implement them&nbsp;</li>
<li>Manage the press office and handle all reactive Corporate &amp; Policy enquiries</li>
<li>Develop relationships with key reporters</li>
<li>Help draft written materials - story pitches, press releases, messaging guidelines, Q&amp;As, briefs, presentations, speeches, etc.</li>
<li>Create monthly coverage reports, evaluating and measuring coverage impact&nbsp;</li>
<li>Support with briefings for media interviews and public speaking engagements</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Your Expertise:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>6-8 years experience working in policy and corporate communications in an agency, in-house or in high level public administrations&nbsp;</li>
<li>Experience working on communications initiatives involving trust, crisis, policy, regulatory, corporate and financial matters</li>
<li>Have an expert knowledge of the challenging and compelling French media landscape&nbsp;</li>
<li>Ability to work collaboratively with multi-functional leads in a matrix organisation&nbsp;</li>
<li>Fluent English &amp; French, spoken and written</li>
<li>Excellent writing and strong verbal communications and interpersonal skills</li>
<li>Experience in media relations with an established media network in France&nbsp;</li>
<li>Experience working on projects in a fast-paced environment</li>
<li>Maintaining enthusiasm and a calm demeanor in stressful situations</li>
<li>Passion for Airbnb and the mission of the company</li>
<li>Team spirit&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; color: #000000;"><strong>Our Commitment To Inclusion &amp; Belonging:</strong></span></p>
<p><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; color: #000000;">Airbnb is committed to working with the broadest talent pool possible. We believe diverse ideas foster innovation and engagement, and allow us to attract creatively-led people, and to develop the best products, services and solutions. All qualified individuals are encouraged to apply.</span></p><div class="content-pay-transparency"><div class="pay-input"><div class="description"><p><span style="font-size: 16px;"><strong><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; color: rgb(0, 0, 0);">How We'll Take Care of You:</span></strong></span></p>
<p><span style="font-size: 16px;">The actual base pay is dependent upon many factors, such as: training, transferable skills, work experience, business needs and market demands. The base pay range shown below is annualized, is subject to change and may be modified in the future. This role may also be eligible for bonus, benefits, and Employee Travel Credits.</span></p></div><div class="title">France Annual Pay Range</div><div class="pay-range"><span>€74.000</span><span class="divider">&mdash;</span><span>€93.000 EUR</span></div></div></div>