Founded in 2013, Voodoo is a tech company that creates mobile games and apps with a mission to entertain the world. Gathering 800 employees, 7 billion downloads, and over 200 million active users, Voodoo is the #3 mobile publisher worldwide in terms of downloads after Google and Meta. Our portfolio includes chart-topping games like Mob Control and Block Jam, alongside popular apps such as BeReal and Wizz.

This position is Paris-based, with relocation support available.

**Team**

You will be an integral part of a newly established internal studio, a dynamic and focused team dedicated to one of our most promising prototype in scale. This studio is specifically chartered to improve this high-potential game up to the successful and market-ready title it is meant to become.

In this exciting role, your initial focus will be on [Gear Fight!](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.EternalStudio.GearFight&hl=en)The game already has demonstrated significant promise and captured our attention with their compelling core mechanics and engaging gameplay.

## Role

- Act as a trusted advisor on all things data, establishing best practices for data collection, analysis, and reporting.
- Lead the analysis of large, complex datasets to understand player behavior and identify opportunities for growth in engagement, retention, and monetization.
- Translate data insights into clear recommendations to inform game design, feature development, and the overall product roadmap.
- Collaborate cross-functionally with game designers, product managers, and developers to ensure data-driven strategies are embedded throughout the game’s lifecycle.
- Design, build, and maintain automated dashboards and reports, ensuring the entire team has access to critical metrics and insights.
- Utilize A/B testing to evaluate and optimize game features and mechanics, driving measurable improvements in key performance indicators.

## Profile

- At least 2 years of analytical work experience in the gaming, tech or a data-driven industry, with a proven track record working in close connection with product teams.
- Proficient with SQL and either R or Python, with a proven experience working with large and complex data sets.
- Good knowledge of statistical analysis and concepts used for industry-standard methods like AB testing or forecasting.
- Autonomous person with a strong analytical mind, problem-solving skills and strong attention to detail.
- Ability to understand a business problem, turn it into an analytics/statistics problem and solve it using adequate methods.
- Highly pragmatic mindset with the ability to quickly identify what needs to be focused on and what can be considered of lower priority.
- Capacity to be the pro-active owner of the entire data chain for your game.

## Benefits

- Competitive salary
- Premium healthcare (SideCare) for you and your family 100% borne by Voodoo
- Swile Lunch voucher
- Gymlib (100% borne by Voodoo)
- Wellness activities in our Paris office
- Child daycare facilities (Les Petits Chaperons rouges)