<div class="content-intro"><h2><span data-sheets-root="1">About Wolt</span></h2>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">At Wolt, we create technology that brings joy, simplicity and earnings to the neighborhoods of the world. In 2014 we started with delivery of restaurant food. Now we’re building the delivery of (almost) everything and you’ll find us in over 500 cities in 30 countries around the world. In 2022 we joined forces with DoorDash and together we keep on dreaming big and expanding across the globe.<br><br>Working at Wolt isn’t always easy, but it’s definitely exciting. Here you’ll learn more, build more, and ship more than in most other companies. You’ll be challenged a lot, but also have a lot of fun on the way. So, if you’re a self-starter with drive and entrepreneurial spirit, this could be the ride of your life.</span></p></div><p>Are you an experienced HR leader in Finland with a genuine interest in high growth companies? Are you excited at the prospect of managing and scaling a regional HR and Talent Development function in a truly global tech organization? If this sounds like you, then we’d love to chat!</p>
<h2><strong>Role background</strong></h2>
<p>The People Team at Wolt consists of about 200 HR, Talent, Tech, Payroll and Talent Acquisition professionals located in Helsinki, Budapest, Helsinki, Copenhagen, Berlin, Tel-Aviv, Tallinn, Tbilisi, Tokyo and more. We’re a global People function, well-respected by the people and teams that we support and partner with. To reach the next stage in our exciting growth plans, we are now looking for an experienced HR Manager to join our People Team in Finland.</p>
<p>As our HR Manager Finland you will have holistic ownership of our HR operations at our Finland office. Your central focus will be to quickly audit and build on the core HR foundations that are already in place and take our HR proposition to the next level, with a laser-like focus on building a “best in the world HR” function. You’ll do that against the backdrop of rapid expansion in the country, both in our core business and Wolt Market.</p>
<p>You will ideally have a strong generalist HR background with broad experience across the HR spectrum, but particularly HR operations, talent and business HR. Ideally you will have either led an HR function in Finland or worked as a senior HR Business Partner. Team leadership experience and a genuine passion for the employee experience are essential.</p>
<p>To succeed as our HR Manager Finland you will need to have a “builder” mindset and be driven to work under your own initiative. You need to be completely comfortable rolling up your sleeves, getting stuck in and really driving HR from the front!&nbsp;</p>
<h2><strong>Responsibilities&nbsp;</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Leading a team of five HR Operations Specialists and Senior Specialists.</li>
<li>Leading change processes, being the trusted HR partner in pilots and projects run across multiple functions, and leading and driving discussions with People Forum.</li>
<li>Implementing additional HR programs and policies, including those relating to organisational design, compensation, benefits, leadership development, relocation and mobility, employee relations, and training, working closely and in alignment with our HR Centres of Expertise and Functional People Partners.</li>
<li>Ensuring general HR compliance in the country, and managing employee relations cases whilst supporting your team.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Co-designing and executing on country-level HR strategy for our operations in Finland.&nbsp;&nbsp;</li>
<li>Collaborating and sparring with local leadership to define tactical and strategic ways to address short and long term challenges.</li>
<li>Driving a positive employee relations culture&nbsp;&nbsp;</li>
<li>Maintaining close cooperation with Occupational Health Service, and ensuring workability- and healthcare practices are implemented and conducted by the team leads, and driving workplace safety committee meetings and agendas.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Owning all HR policies and practices in Finland, ensuring they are fit for scalability and practical implementation.</li>
<li>Rolling your sleeves up to deliver day-to-day life cycle support, from onboarding to offboarding and on all HR and people-related matters in between, while collaborating closely with our Tier-1 HR Operations Hub in Hungary.</li>
<li>Having ownership and supporting your team with monthly payroll processes and pay-impacting compliance topics, ensuring that we pay our team accurately and consistently with local regulations.</li>
<li>Having ownership and supporting your team in maintaining employee and payroll data, predominantly in Workday, and ensuring that accurate monthly payroll input data is produced on time.</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Skills &amp; Experience Required</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Strong communication skills, with full working fluency in English and Finnish.</li>
<li>Team leadership experience, with the “know how” to build and nurture a team, and develop effective ways-of-working.</li>
<li>A solid generalist HR background and multi-year experience leading an HR organisation, focusing especially on the Finnish market.&nbsp;&nbsp;</li>
<li>Experience from complex matrix multinational organizations.&nbsp;</li>
<li>You have sound, working knowledge of local labor law.</li>
<li>Strong knowledge of the Finnish legal landscape and statutory requirements when it comes to employment legislation, cooperation with Employee representatives, payroll and statutory reporting.</li>
<li>Strong stakeholder management skills.</li>
<li>Ability to lead complex projects from HR perspective</li>
<li>A problem-solving and can-do attitude combined with networking skills, assertiveness and the willingness to take initiative.</li>
<li>You work well in a team, and are completely comfortable collaborating remotely and dynamically using digital tools such as Slack and Zoom.</li>
</ul>
<p><iframe src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/GoL541\_xj9w" width="560" height="314"></iframe></p><div class="content-conclusion"><h2><span data-sheets-root="1">Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion</span></h2>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">We’re committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. That’s why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.</span></p></div>