<div class="content-intro"><p><strong>Secure Every Identity, from AI to Human<br><br></strong>Identity is the key to unlocking the potential of AI. Okta secures AI by building the trusted, neutral infrastructure that enables organizations to safely embrace this new era. This work requires a relentless drive to solve complex challenges with real-world stakes. We are looking for builders and owners who operate with speed and urgency and execute with excellence.<br><br>This is an opportunity to do career-defining work. We're all in on this mission. If you are too, let's talk.</p></div><p><strong>The Okta Sales Team&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>Okta has a vision to free anyone to safely use any technology by providing a secure, highly available, enterprise-grade platform that secures billions of Workforce log-ins every year. As an Okta AE, you will drive territory growth through both net new logos and cultivating relationships to develop and grow existing Okta Platform customers. With the support of your Okta ecosystem, your focus will be on consistent results and an unwavering commitment to our customers.</p>
<p><strong>The Enterprise&nbsp; New Business Account Executive Opportunity</strong></p>
<p>As a New Business Account Executive focused on new customer acquisition, you will play a crucial role in expanding Okta’s market presence and driving growth. You will be responsible for identifying and engaging potential clients, effectively communicating the value of our identity and access management software solutions, and closing new business deals.</p>
<p>Okta’s Enterprise Sales Team manages the sales process for medium-sized customers. The team organizes and conducts sales presentations, site visits and product demonstrations to prospects and represents Okta in a consistent, effective and professional manner to best develop and win new clients and current customers.</p>
<p>\*This role requires in-person onboarding and travel to our San Francisco, CA HQ office during the first week of employment.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>What you’ll be doing:</strong></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>Engage with leads shared by marketing to understand new customer demands, and work with solution engineers to design relevant solutions</li>
<li>Proactively drive your own top of funnel activity through Calls, Inmails, events, networking and other creative avenues always ensuring you have enough pipeline to hit your number.</li>
<li>Generate self-sourced opportunities as well as partnering with Marketing,SDRs and Partners to win new logos.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Build and maintain a robust sales pipeline to achieve and exceed sales targets</li>
<li>Conduct product demonstrations and presentations to potential customers</li>
<li>Develop and execute against an assigned quota and territory plan focusing purely on bringing in new customers</li>
<li>Facilitate customer onboarding to new products sold and process sales orders</li>
<li>Maintain new customer relationships until account is handed over to Customer Account Executive Team&nbsp;</li>
<li>Maintain database of potential customers/opportunities to pursue</li>
<li>Reporting on sales achievement and forecasts</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>What you’ll bring to the role:</strong></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>3+ years of experience selling to net new customers in a SaaS/Cloud B2B environment</li>
<li>Proven track record acquiring new customers, including prospecting and identifying opportunities for growth (new logo focus)</li>
<li>Experience using a sales framework such as MEDDICC, Challenger or Sandler (we use MEDDPICC)</li>
<li>An understanding of selling in partnership with the channel ecosystem.</li>
<li>Demonstrated experience in collaborating effectively within the GTM ecosystem, including but not limited to:&nbsp; AEs, xDRs, SEs, RMs, CSMs, Partners</li>
<li>Prior experience managing a territory based quota</li>
<li>Confident presentation skills with the ability to run demos to C-level executives (decision makers)</li>
<li>Strong verbal and written communications skills</li>
<li>Travel to customer sites at least once per month</li>
<li>Other travel as needed for company events and team offsites</li>
</ul>
<p><br><br></p>
<p><strong>Preferred experience in any of the following:</strong></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>7+ years demonstrated success selling to mid-sized and/or enterprise customers</li>
<li>IT/Security sales experience</li>
<li>Located near an Okta office hub or in region</li>
<li>BS/BA degree</li>
</ul>
<p><br>P21976\_3373470<br><br>#LI-Remote</p><div class="content-pay-transparency"><div class="pay-input"><div class="description"><p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Below is the annual On Target Compensation (OTE) range for candidates located in California (excluding San Francisco Bay Area), Colorado, Illinois, New York and Washington. Your actual OTE, which is inclusive of base salary and incentive compensation, will depend on factors such as your skills, qualifications, experience, and work location. In addition, Okta offers equity (where applicable) and benefits, including health, dental and vision insurance, 401(k), flexible spending account, and paid leave (including PTO and parental leave) in accordance with our applicable plans and policies. To learn more about our Total Rewards program please visit:&nbsp;</span><a href="https://rewards.okta.com/us"><span style="font-weight: 400;">https://rewards.okta.com/us</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">.&nbsp;<br></span></p></div><div class="title">The annual OTE range for this position for candidates located in California (excluding San Francisco Bay Area), Colorado, Illinois, New York, and Washington is between:</div><div class="pay-range"><span>$260,000</span><span class="divider">&mdash;</span><span>$390,000 USD</span></div></div></div><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong><br>The Okta Experience</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><a href="http://rewards.okta.com">Supporting Your Well-Being</a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="https://www.okta.com/company/okta-for-good/">Driving Social Impact&nbsp;</a></li>
<li><a href="https://www.okta.com/company/talent-connection-community/">Developing Talent and Fostering Connection + Community</a></li>
</ul>
<p>We are intentional about connection. Our global community, spanning over 20 offices worldwide, is united by a drive to innovate. Your journey begins with an immersive, in-person onboarding experience designed to accelerate your impact and connect you to our mission and team from day one.<br><br>Okta is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, marital status, age, physical or mental disability, or status as a protected veteran. We also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and convictions records, consistent with applicable laws.<br><br>If reasonable accommodation is needed to complete any part of the job application, interview process, or onboarding please&nbsp;<a href="https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1EfiEYZrIyhA2X4Fijk0R3RKYOzNoS3wtvyM4nhbZnXE/edit">use this Form</a> to request an accommodation.<br><br>Notice for New York City Applicants &amp; Employees: Okta may use Automated Employment Decision Tools (AEDT), as defined by New York City Local Law 144, that use artificial intelligence, machine learning, or other automated processes to assist in our recruitment and hiring process. In accordance with NYC Local Law 144, if you are an applicant or employee residing in New York City, please&nbsp;<a href="https://talent.okta.com/new-york-city-aedt-notice.html">click here</a> to view our full NYC AEDT Notice.<br><br>Okta is committed to complying with applicable data privacy and security laws and regulations. For more information, please see our Personnel and Job Candidate Privacy Notice at&nbsp;<a href="https://www.okta.com/legal/personnel-policy/">https://www.okta.com/legal/personnel-policy/</a>.</p></div>