**Are you ready to join our digital revolution journey?**

At **[Aleph](https://alephholding.com/)**, we’re not just part of the digital advertising landscape—we’re shaping its future. Representing the world’s leading platforms, including TikTok, Amazon, Google, and nearly 55 others, we operate in 130+ markets across new and existing geographies.

Our mission is to empower advertisers and brands to unlock the full potential of these platforms' advertising capabilities. By fostering long-lasting partnerships, we create limitless opportunities for people and businesses to advertise effectively at both local and global levels.

With a presence spanning continents, Aleph offers you the chance to be part of a fast-growing, innovative team where your work makes a direct impact. If you’re ambitious, forward-thinking, and eager to thrive in a dynamic, global environment, Aleph is the perfect place to build your career.

The Client Solutions team are responsible for campaign execution and success, working closely with the Client Partner team to deliver a first-class service to clients. Working with the top agencies and brands across Latam to educate and inform about the exciting evolution of this platform and Aleph. The Client Solutions Manager In partnership with the Client Partner and in collaboration with the Brand Strategist, is responsible for ensuring successful design and delivery of all assigned campaigns strategy, including original content, custom-built, high-impact and targeted media.

## Main Responsibilities

- Participate in strategic planning with sales to grow or generate new business opportunities.
- Act as a consultant for top Key accounts
- POC for clients to deliver campaign management and reporting in time, Provide actionable insight to clients and sales with quantitative and qualitative analysis on campaign performance drivers (products, budget, costs, and creatives efficiency metrics against defined KPIs) and delivery.
- Ensure that SLAs are respected to become 1st class in client service.
- Performance side: optimize accounts to increase spend and on the reservation side, you will need to manage the project to success.
- Drive education on products, company updates and share company best practices as relevant to client or agencies' business.
- Work and collaborate with a diverse group of internal cross functional teams, support the team to identify, create, and implement creative ad solutions grounded on achieving measurable business results for client partners.
- Be the premium contact of the Sales Team.
- Aid the team in educating clients and agencies on product solutions and best practices, and ultimately helping to grow existing business, helping the team manage relationships with key clients and agency partners (media, creative, marketing partners)
- Maximize ROI for brand campaigns through optimization and up-sell recommendations supported by client facing reports.
- Ability to manage large customer relationships and manage through conflict, driving groups to collective business decision.
- Providing feedback to product and tools teams to help us scale our advertising platform.
- Organize & manage account information, assets & data, and reports.
- Keep accurate record of all pending and active campaign plans, assist to maintain campaign schedule and availability of ad placements.
- Work with the product and campaign execution team to ensure ad specifications and rates are accurate as well as being responsible for the reporting of and optimization of campaigns.

## Skills and Experience Required

- At least 3 years of experience in client relationship management and digital media.
- Bachelor’s degree in Advertising, marketing, business or tech
- Deep understanding of digital landscape and a passion for social media Intimately familiar with online media planning, design and art control of advertising pieces.
- Experience managing campaigns across digital platforms and ad tech product.
- Strong communication and people skills (working directly with clients).
- Detail oriented, with exceptional organizational skills
- Aptitude, creativity, and a preference for working in collaborative teams and across business unit.
- Strong time management and problem-solving skills.
- Ability to multi-task under challenging deadlines still focusing on details.
- Fluent in English and Spanish

#ALEPH

**Why Join Us?**

Aleph is a place of many cultures, perspectives, and talents. We support each other, creating an environment of giving and receiving. We value partnership and communication because we believe it takes a group of people to achieve great things. We are energized by our ever-changing industry, our curiosity keeps us learning and seeking out new opportunities.

We stay flexible and adaptable, and believe in moving with the speed of change. We encourage everyone to strive for more, providing our internal talent with growth opportunities and the ability to learn together.

#ALEPH