**We’re powered by purpose**

Mable is an online platform connecting Australians looking for disability and aged care support to independent support workers. Since 2014, we’ve been helping our community live their kind of independence, and today we’re one of Australia's largest and fastest growing healthtech platforms.

We have been recognised in AFR’s Fast 100 list, Deloitte’s Tech Fast 50, and won the Australian Growth & Australian Technology Growth Company of the Year Award in 2020! So don’t miss  your  opportunity to join a thriving scale-up and deliver change to  Australia’s care and support sector.

**About the role:**

As Mable’s continues to grow and scale, so does our ambition for the product experience. This role will be as the designer within a cross-functional squad. It will involve design research, workshopping, concept development and validation, UX design and UI execution using our design system.

Most designers work partly in the Sydney or Melbourne Mable offices, and partly from home. Candidates who would work remotely from other Australian locations will be considered.

In your squad, you will collaborate with a product manager, a data lead, and several front and back-end engineers. The squad is dedicated to discovering and validating real user problems and collaborating on solutions.

You will also be part of the Customer Experience team, working with and receiving support from design managers and other talented product designers.

## As a Senior Product Designer at Mable, you will use your skills to:

- Understand current customer challenges and design effective solutions to improve the customer experience.
- Deliver and take ownership of high-quality UX outcomes within a squad
- Collaborate with a Product Manager, a Data Lead and a small engineering team to deliver effective product solutions
- Comfortably scope and facilitate user research and usability testing; to deepen customer understanding and quickly iterate designs to better meet our customers' needs
- Using our design system, develop wireframes, interactive prototypes, specifications and other design documents to communicate design ideas and intent
- Be a champion of a lean and human-centred design approach to product development
- Effectively manage differing priorities, needs and timelines
- Facilitate workshops with a diversity of stakeholders for input and review of designs
- Positively contribute to establishing design culture at a scaling tech business

## About you:

- Excellent communication skills, including the ability to engage with stakeholders, empathise with customers and drive consensus cross-functionally.
- Minimum of 3-5 years of professional work within the experience design field, with prominent experience working in product and technology teams.
- Mastery of Figma and other emergent UX and UI tools.
- Experience in scoping and conducting user research to rapidly test solutions; with a strong grasp of recruitment approaches and qualitative research tools.
- Experience in UX strategies and trends across both web and mobile platforms.
- Ideally have experience in health, well-being, aged care sectors or organisations with a high level of design maturity.
- Ability to own and influence solutions from scratch and/or improve existing features, all with a user-centred design process.
- Comfortable in an environment where product solutions are challenged equally by engineering, data, product, and UX and discussed with the goal of developing the best outcome for the end user.
- Experience working directly with developers for the implementation of designs.
- Comfortable working with a remote team.

**Please include your portfolio as a link or PDF as part of your application.**

**Our Values**

**We’re Switched On**💡

We know our customers because we listen and want to learn. We engage within the community and the sector and always act on insights.

**We’re Bold** 📣

We’re ambitious and embrace creativity to solve challenges. We’re here to reshape the industry and back big ideas.

**We’re One**🤝

We channel our passion into a positive environment. We welcome diversity and collaborate to make the most of our different skills and ways of thinking.

**We’re Impactful** 🌟

We work hard to deliver change. We innovate and move fast to make a difference in the sector and people’s lives.

**Our Benefits**

**Power your career ⚡️**

Learn from industry experts, experienced leaders, and on-the-job opportunities.

**Work away 🌎**

Get a creative boost working overseas for 4 weeks in a rolling 12-month period.

**Access parental leave 👶**

Get 14 weeks of paid leave for primary carers and 6 weeks of paid leave for secondary carers plus superannuation.

**Work with flexibility** **🏠**

We’re a hybrid workplace, balancing time in the office with remote work.

**Flexi Leave Days** 🌴

Get one extra paid leave day per quarter for what makes you happy.

**Hybrid set up allowance 🖥️**

Create your perfect home office setup! Whether it’s a comfy chair, a second screen, or faster Wi-Fi, we support you in making your home office more comfortable.

**Take a floating public holiday** 🫶🏾

Acknowledge a significant day your way with family and friends.

**Be rewarded** **🏆**

Celebrate wins and recognise great performance with an easy and accessible Reward and Recognition program.

**Inclusion at Mable**

Mable is an equal opportunity employer. We find excellence in diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees and candidates.

People with lived experience of disability or personal experience with the aged care system are strongly encouraged to apply.

We take pride in highlighting our dedication to our policies, fostering flexible work arrangements and championing inclusive practices for women in tech.

If this role has stood out to you but you don’t feel like you ‘tick all the boxes’, we strongly encourage you to apply nonetheless. We value diversity across experience and you might well bring something to the Mablehood we are looking for!

**Where to find us online**

**Careers Page -** <https://bit.ly/3Mz8Ym1>

**Glassdoor -** <https://bit.ly/3z0K328>

**YouTube -** <https://bit.ly/34L7DlP>

**Instagram -** <https://bit.ly/3pgAOXk>

**Facebook -** <https://bit.ly/3ic6LhQ>

**LinkedIn -** <https://bit.ly/3ie6Q4U>