<p>
  <strong>Headquarters:</strong> Germany - Berlin
</p>

<div class="content"><div class="section-wrapper page-full-width"><div class="section page-centered"><div><span>Veeva Systems is a mission-driven organization and pioneer in industry cloud, helping life sciences companies bring therapies to patients faster. As one of the fastest-growing SaaS companies in history, we surpassed $2B in revenue in our last fiscal year with extensive growth potential ahead.</span></div><div><br></div><div><span>At the heart of Veeva are our values: Do the Right Thing, Customer Success, Employee Success, and Speed. We're not just any public company – we made history in 2021 by becoming a&nbsp;</span><a href="https://medium.com/@peter.gassner/public-benefit-corporation-pbc-486e1e9508a6"><span>public benefit corporation</span></a><span>&nbsp;(PBC), legally bound to balancing the interests of customers, employees, society, and investors.</span></div><div><br></div><div><span>As a&nbsp;</span><a href="https://medium.com/@peter.gassner/work-anywhere-is-about-trusting-and-empowering-employees-ef1beba56590"><span>Work Anywhere</span></a><span>&nbsp;company, we support your flexibility to work from home or in the office, so you can thrive in your ideal environment.</span></div><div><br></div><div><span>Join us in&nbsp;</span><a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TaPSP8cCSKY&amp;ab_channel=Forbes"><span>transforming the life sciences industry</span></a><span>, committed to making a positive impact on its customers, employees, and communities.</span></div><div><br></div><div><b><span>The Role</span></b></div><div><br></div><div><span>Our vision for Veeva Link is to become the global leader in deep data for life sciences. It helps professionals to find the right people for, e.g., clinical trials, education programs, or advisory boards. This streamlined access helps to reduce the time-to-market of important drugs, conduct trials with the most relevant experts in the respective field, and spread information about new treatments to key people in the life science community. You can read more about Veeva Link on our product pages at </span><a class="postings-link" href="https://www.veeva.com/products/veeva-link/">https://www.veeva.com/products/veeva-link/</a><span>.</span></div><div><span>&nbsp;</span></div><div><span>We are seeking an experience Product Manager to lead our Link Activity data product. This is part of Link’s Internal Data Products which provide a central source of high-quality deep data for the Veeva Link suite of products. The Activity product is focused on ingesting, processing, tagging and delivering data for scientific and digital activities including but not limited to clinical trials, publications, guidelines and scientific events.</span></div><div><span>&nbsp;</span></div><div><span>The ideal candidate brings a combination of product management experience with a desire to build a diverse data product that forms a foundational element of the Link data ecosystem. You should be energized to work closely with a squad of data engineers, data operations and analysts to ensure successful delivery of high value features.</span></div></div><div class="section page-centered"><div><h3>What You’ll Do</h3><ul class="posting-requirements plain-list"><ul><li>Define and prioritize the Link Activity data roadmap</li><li>Drive the development of data initiatives from ideation to delivery, ensuring product and customer success</li><li>Align product development and communicate feature releases with product stakeholders</li><li>Design and define requirements for product data model and delivery pipelines</li><li>Lead a squad of Data Engineers, Data Scientists, Data Curators &amp; Analysts</li><li>Become a subject matter expert for Link Activity data including clinical trials, scientific literature &amp; events, digital activity and more.</li><li>Collaborate with other Link Data Product Managers to facilitate cross-product alignment and consistency</li><li>Support internal teams on product queries and training</li></ul></ul></div></div><div class="section page-centered"><div><h3>Requirements</h3><ul class="posting-requirements plain-list"><ul><li>5+ years of experience in Product Manager roles – software or data</li><li>Strong experience in product decision making</li><li>Ability to take ownership and prioritize roadmap whilst comfortable with being agile</li><li>Great technical skills to translate business requirements into engineering terms with ability to go into details where needed</li><li>Strong analytical or computer science skills</li><li>Team first mentality</li><li>Excellent written and oral communication skills and attention to detail</li></ul></ul></div></div><div class="section page-centered"><div><h3>Nice to Have</h3><ul class="posting-requirements plain-list"><ul><li>Experience in building data products or data platforms (data models, data pipelines and delivery)</li><li>In depth knowledge of the Healthcare and Pharmaceutical domain</li><li>Understanding of NLP/NER or application of LLMs</li></ul></ul></div></div><div class="section page-centered"><div><h3>Perks &amp; Benefits</h3><ul class="posting-requirements plain-list"><ul><li>Opportunity to work in a diverse and international workspace</li><li>Veeva 1% charitable giving program</li><li>Life insurance + pension fund</li><li>Fitness reimbursement</li></ul></ul></div></div><div class="section page-centered"><div><span>#RemoteGermany</span></div><div><br></div><div><span>Veeva’s headquarters is located in the San Francisco Bay Area with offices in more than 15 countries around the world.</span></div><div><br></div><div><span>As an equal opportunity employer, Veeva is committed to fostering a culture of inclusion and growing a diverse workforce. Diversity makes us stronger. It comes in many forms. Gender, race, ethnicity, religion, politics, sexual orientation, age, disability and life experience shape us all into unique individuals. We value people for the individuals they are and the contributions they can bring to our teams.</span></div><div><br></div><div><span>If you need assistance or accommodation due to a disability or special need when applying for a role or in our recruitment process, please contact us at&nbsp;</span><a href="mailto:talent_accommodations@veeva.com"><span>talent_accommodations@veeva.com</span></a><span>.</span></div></div></div></div>

<p><strong>To apply:</strong> <a href="https://weworkremotely.com/remote-jobs/veeva-systems-data-product-manager-link-activity-data-1">https://weworkremotely.com/remote-jobs/veeva-systems-data-product-manager-link-activity-data-1</a></p>