<div class="content-intro"><p><span style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;">Shift delivers AI agents that transform insurers' most critical work. By combining deep industry expertise and unmatched data resources, Shift provides proven results that have earned the trust of hundreds of the world's leading insurers. Our insurance-grade AI is accurate, explainable, and secure—empowering human experts to move with unmatched speed, total confidence, and a renewed focus on the people they serve.</span></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><video poster="https://8595762.fs1.hubspotusercontent-na1.net/hubfs/8595762/2026%20Website%20Refresh/2026%20Shift%20Brand%20Video/thumbnail-violet.jpg" controls="controls" width="300" height="150">
&nbsp;&nbsp;<source src="https://8595762.fs1.hubspotusercontent-na1.net/hubfs/8595762/2026%20Website%20Refresh/2026%20Shift%20Brand%20Video/2026%20Shift%20Brand%20Video%20(English).mp4" type="video/mp4">
&nbsp;&nbsp;Your browser does not support the video tag.</video></p>
<p><span style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;">Our culture is built on innovation, trust, and a drive to transform the insurance industry through our SaaS platform. We come from more than 50 different countries and cultures and together we are creating the future of insurance.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;">Learn more at <a href="http://www.shift-technology.com" target="\_blank">www.shift-technology.com</a></span></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p></div><p>Our Engineering team lies at the core of the value we offer to our customers. We solve complex problems not only within our squads but also by working collaboratively with other teams across the organization.</p>
<p>We’re reshaping the way data drives decision-making by building powerful, scalable software and data platforms. Whether you're passionate about distributed systems, building APIs, or enabling data-driven insights, you'll find exciting opportunities here.</p>
<p>Our tech stack includes .NET Core (C#), Python, MS SQL Server, Spark, Azure Data Factory (ADF), Databricks, GoodData , Terraform and more. We are also progressing towards distributed data systems on cloud platforms, with exciting challenges in both batch and real-time processing.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>WHAT YOU'LL DO</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Develop and maintain scalable data models and data access layer frameworks that serve as the foundation for centralized databases and downstream applications.</li>
<li>Build and optimize ETL pipelines to ingest, transform, and integrate various data sources, ensuring data consistency, quality, and availability, leveraging Apache Spark, .NET libraries, Azure Data Factory, DBT.</li>
<li>Contribute to Agile development processes by participating in sprint planning, stand-ups, and retrospectives to ensure continuous delivery and alignment with team goals.</li>
<li>Collaborate closely with the product team to translate roadmap priorities into technical designs and deliverables that meet business and customer needs.</li>
<li>Work hand-in-hand with Data Scientists ,Engineers to create and enhance frameworks that simplify customer data integration and support advanced analytics&nbsp;</li>
<li>Participate in code reviews, deployment processes, and monitoring to ensure high-quality production releases and smooth operation of data pipelines and frameworks.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>WHO YOU ARE</strong><strong><br></strong><strong> </strong><br>You are someone who is a code-savvy and data-oriented professional, capable of writing optimized, production-quality code with strong object-oriented design knowledge, possessing a good practical spirit for troubleshooting, and demonstrating excellent teamwork and communication skills.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>WHAT YOU BRING</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>3+ years of experience in software development or data engineering in cloud-based environments.</li>
<li>Strong programming skills in C# and Python, with a solid grasp of OOP principles.</li>
<li>Proficiency in data transformation and processing tools (e.g. PySpark, dbt).</li>
<li>Previous experience with reporting tools (e.g. Power BI)</li>
<li>Knowledge of Azure Data Factory (ADF)</li>
<li>Experience designing scalable and robust data platforms.</li>
<li>Familiarity with data modeling techniques (e.g. star schema, data vault).</li>
<li>Experience with distributed data systems and Database optimization.</li>
<li>Comfortable working with distributed&nbsp; data stores and SQL Server.</li>
<li>Experience in ETL processes and orchestration tools.</li>
<li>A passion for continuous learning, mentoring, and solving complex problems.</li>
<li>Excellent communication skills in English.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>HIRING PROCESS</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Talent Acquisition interview - 30 minutes</li>
<li>Hiring Manager interview - 45 minutes</li>
<li>Technical Screening with an Architect - 45 to 60 minutes</li>
<li>Second Technical Screening with a Tech Lead or Data Engineer - 45 to 60 minutes</li>
<li>Final Round with Hiring Manager - 60 minutes</li>
</ul>
<p><span style="font-size: 8pt; color: rgb(255, 255, 255);">#LI-RH1 #LI-HYBRID&nbsp;</span></p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><span style="color: #000000;"><strong><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;">To support our permanent, full time employees at every stage of their careers and lives, we provide a competitive total rewards and benefits package. Here are the global benefits we’d like to highlight:</span></strong></span></p>
<ul>
<li style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;"><span style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0); font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;">Flexible remote and hybrid working options</span></li>
<li style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;"><span style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0); font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;">Competitive Salary and a variable component tied to personal and company performance</span></li>
<li style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;"><span style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0); font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;">Multiple Learning and Development opportunities, including Focus Fridays, a half-day each month to focus on learning and personal growth</span></li>
<li style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;"><span style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0); font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;">Generous PTO and paid holidays</span></li>
<li style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;"><span style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0); font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;">Mental health benefits&nbsp;</span></li>
<li style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;"><span style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0); font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;">2 MAD Days per year (Make A Difference Days for paid volunteering)</span></li>
</ul>
<p><span style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0); font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;">Additional benefits may be offered by country, based on your eligibility - ask your recruiter for more information. Intern and Apprentice positions may receive some of these benefits - ask your recruiter for more details.</span></p>
<p><span style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0); font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;"><em>At Shift we strive to be a diverse and inclusive workforce. <em data-stringify-type="italic">We welcome applications from and hire people who will contribute to the diversity of our company,&nbsp;</em>without regard to race, color, religion, marital status, age, national or ethnic origin, physical or mental disability, medical condition, pregnancy, genetic information, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, or other non-merit criteria.</em></span></p>
<p><span style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0); font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;"><em>Shift Technology is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities in our application and employment process. Should you require accommodation, please email accommodation@shift-technology.com and we will work with you to meet your accessibility needs.</em></span></p>
<p><span style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0); font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;"><em>Please be aware of scammers and only trust correspondence that comes from emails ending in "shift-technology.com". We will never do initial outreach to you via Whatsapp/Text/SMS, never ask for banking information or personal identification numbers (ex. Social Security Number) as part of our recruitment process.</em></span></p>
<p><span style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0); font-size: 8pt; font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;"><em>Shift Technology does not accept unsolicited CVs from recruiters or employment agencies in response to the Shift Technology Careers page or a Shift Technology social media post. Any unsolicited CVs, including those submitted directly to hiring managers, are deemed to be the property of Shift Technology. </em></span></p></div>