<p><strong>Protecting and building a future shaped by original ideas, innovations, and creativity.</strong></p>
<p>From counterfeits and pirated content to fraudulent sites and unauthorized sellers, MarqVision provides an end-to-end brand integrity platform across e-commerce, social media and emerging AI platforms. Our AI-powered managed service platform for brand control and intelligence enables rapid, scalable enforcement so that brands can move faster, protect revenue, and preserve brand equity across every digital touchpoint. In a time when IP infringements pose an increasingly serious challenge, we believe that democratizing legal expertise and access to the latest in generative AI technology is critical for continuing to support the inventors, developers, and artists of the world who work tirelessly to deliver safe, high-quality products.</p>
<p>Founded by Harvard Law graduates in 2020, MarqVision recently raised their Series B, bringing their total funding to $89M. They are backed by Y Combinator, Peak XV (formerly Sequoia Capital India), HSG (formerly Sequoia Capital China), Salesforce Ventures, Altos Ventures, DST Global Partners, and Softbank. Recognized with an LVMH Innovation Award and the Inc 5000 Fastest Growing Companies award in 2025, MarqVision continues to push boundaries in brand control, ensuring that innovation, creativity, and trust remain safeguarded in a rapidly evolving digital world.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>How&nbsp;You'll&nbsp;Make&nbsp;an&nbsp;Impact&nbsp;at&nbsp;MarqVision</strong></p>
<p>Our Account Executives work to help global brands, from luxury to boutique street fashion, solve their counterfeit challenges using MarqVision’s innovative products and services. You will be working with Sales Leadership in Europe and North America to help brands catch bad actors who are costing millions of dollars in fraud, lost sales and diminished brand equity every year.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>What You’ll Achieve&nbsp;&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>As a deal-closing rep, you will help boost revenues through sales initiatives targeted at prospects in the European Market. You will be responsible for:</p>
<ul>
<li>Advising prospective customers on our customized solutions</li>
<li>Demonstrating how our products help remove counterfeit products and catch bad actors</li>
<li>Running effective business meetings and demo sessions with potential customers</li>
<li>Closing business with prospective customers</li>
<li>Coordinating with the Sales Development Representative on outbound sales campaigns</li>
<li>Coordinating with our Account Management team to execute upsells</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p><strong>Skills You Bring&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>5+ years of prior sales experience in a closing role for a B2B SaaS company</li>
<li>Ability to self-prospect (you will also get support from SDRs)</li>
<li>Used to working a 3-6 month sales cycle with ACV’s from $50-$150K</li>
<li>Strong track record of achieving or going beyond quarterly sales quotas</li>
<li>Experience running sales meetings with senior-level executives</li>
<li>Native Level of English and other secondary languages will be a plus</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p><strong>Nice to Have</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Experience selling into Enterprise Accounts</li>
<li>Experience selling to Fashion, Cosmetics and Consumer Products</li>
<li>Interest in or past experience within Intellectual Property</li>
<li>Deep understanding and practical application of modern sales frameworks</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Additional Reference</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><a href="https://www.marqvision.com/blog">MarqVision Company Blog</a></li>
<li><a href="https://www.marqvision.com/leadership">Leadership Team&nbsp;&nbsp;</a></li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Our Compensation and Benefits</strong></p>
<p>MarqVision provides a competitive benefits package, including equity opportunities, health benefits including 401(K), and other perks designed to support our employees’ well-being and professional growth. The actual amount may be higher or lower, based on non-discriminatory factors such as experience, knowledge, skills, and abilities. For roles based in the EU, the estimated range for total on target earnings (including base salary and on target incentive pay) for this role is €164,000 - €188,000.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Equal Opportunity</strong></p>
<p>At MarqVision, we believe real growth comes with attracting the brightest minds, motivating them to succeed in their position, and ensuring plenty of fun along the way. If you think this position is for you, apply now! MarqVision is an Equal Opportunity Employer and encourages applicants of all backgrounds to apply. We are committed to building a diverse and inclusive workforce that reflects the customers and communities we serve.</p>
<p>By applying for this role, you acknowledge MarqVision’s Global Recruiting Privacy Policy. Your privacy is important to us. Please review our&nbsp;<a href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/1rWdOaSaiZyfYVVP71sQfPd-XnV93oVmFyjP8URCnHJg/edit?tab=t.0">Candidate Privacy Notice</a>.</p>