<div class="content-intro"><h3><strong>About Us at GoCardless</strong></h3>
<p>GoCardless is a <strong>global bank payment</strong> company. Over <strong>100,000 businesses</strong>, from start-ups to household names, use GoCardless to collect and send payments through direct debit, real-time payments and open banking.&nbsp;</p>
<p>GoCardless processes <strong>US$130bn+</strong> of payments annually, across <strong>30+ countries</strong>; helping customers collect and send both <strong>recurring</strong> and <strong>one-off payments</strong>, without the chasing, stress or expensive fees. We use AI-powered solutions to improve payment success and reduce fraud. And, with open banking connectivity to over <strong>2,500 banks</strong>, we help our customers make faster, more informed decisions.</p>
<p>We are headquartered in the<strong> UK</strong> with offices in <strong>London</strong> and <strong>Leeds</strong>, and additional locations in <strong>Australia, France, Ireland, Latvia, Portugal</strong> and the <strong>United States.</strong></p>
<p>At GoCardless, we're all about <strong>supporting you</strong>! We’re committed to making our hiring process <strong>inclusive</strong> and <strong>accessible</strong>. If you need extra support or adjustments, reach out to your <strong>Talent Partner</strong> — we’re here to help!&nbsp;</p>
<p>And remember: we don’t expect you to meet every single requirement. If you’re excited by this role, <strong>we encourage you to apply!</strong></p></div><h3><strong>The role&nbsp;</strong></h3>
<p>The role is for a Social Media Manager to manage our social media accounts, creating content that enables us to attract and acquire target customers by utilising organic channels. This role will be responsible for the strategic content development across the channel, moving us from a reactive state to a proactive state, in addition to day-to-day posting &amp; moderation. This role will report into the Director of Customer Acquisition and work cross functionally across the business to ensure we are utilising our social media channels to acquire customers to GoCardless.&nbsp;</p>
<h3><strong>What excites you</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Create and execute a social media plan from scratch (content, strategic direction etc.)</li>
<li>Own &amp; report on social media growth &amp; health metrics&nbsp;</li>
<li>Create and test content across multiple formats, including video, social, display advertising and long-form content&nbsp;</li>
<li>Ensure that content across various social channels (Facebook, Instagram, LinkedIn, TikTok, Reddit, etc.) are optimised and at a consistently high standard&nbsp;</li>
<li>Be a tone of voice champion and support various parts of the business utilising social media to amplify their message</li>
<li>Set measurable goals for campaigns, measuring and showing the Return on Investment (ROI)</li>
<li>Monitor and respond to customer feedback, comments and social media posts to foster an online community</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>What excites us</strong></h3>
<p>You don’t need to have experience of the payments or financial worlds. Rather, you’ll be someone with an innovative mind who knows how to create engaging content and how to best collaborate with subject matter experts - internally and externally. You’ll know how to distil and present this information in the most compelling ways, putting the customer experience front and centre to communicate with businesses about the issues that matter most to them.</p>
<ul>
<li>You have previous experience managing multiple social media accounts&nbsp;&nbsp;</li>
<li>You have incredible organisational skills and attention to detail. You’re able to manage multiple platforms and projects simultaneously.&nbsp;</li>
<li>You have experience crafting multimedia content for various social channels&nbsp;</li>
<li>You have managed the strategic direction for social media content</li>
<li>You have strong writing and verbal skills for crafting copy and engaging with an online community&nbsp;&nbsp;</li>
<li>You stay up to date with the latest social media trends, tools and best practices</li>
</ul>
<p>We don’t expect you to meet every requirement. If you’re excited by this role, we encourage you to apply.&nbsp;</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Base salary range: £48,000 - £72,000</strong></p>
<p>Base salary ranges are based on role, job level, location, and market data.&nbsp; Please note that whilst we strive to offer competitive compensation, <strong>our approach is to pay between the minimum and the mid-point (£48,000 - £60,000) of the pay range</strong> until performance can be assessed in role. Offers will take into account level of experience, interview assessment, budgets and parity between you and fellow employees at GoCardless doing similar work.</p><div class="content-conclusion"><h3><strong>The Good Stuff!</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li><strong>Wellbeing</strong>: Dedicated support and medical cover to keep you healthy.</li>
<li><strong>Work Away Scheme</strong>: Work from anywhere for up to 90 days in any 12-month period.</li>
<li><strong>Hybrid Working</strong>: Our hybrid model offers flexibility, with in-office days determined by your team.</li>
<li><strong>Equity</strong>: All permanently employed GeeCees get equity to share in our success.</li>
<li><strong>Parental leave</strong>: Tailored leave to support your life's great adventure.</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><strong data-stringify-type="bold">Time off:</strong>&nbsp;Annual holiday leave based on your location, supplemented by 3 volunteer days and 4 wellness days.</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>Life at GoCardless </strong></h3>
<p>We're an organisation defined by our&nbsp;<a class="c-link" href="https://gocardless.com/g/values-operating-principles/" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://gocardless.com/g/values-operating-principles/" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">values</a>; We <strong>start with why</strong> before we begin any project, to ensure it’s aligned with our mission. We <strong>make it happen</strong>, working with urgency and taking personal accountability for getting things done. We <strong>act with integrity</strong>, always. We <strong>care deeply</strong> about what we do and we know it's essential that we <strong>be humble</strong> whilst we do it. Our Values form part of the GoCardless DNA, and are used to not only help us nurture and develop our culture, but to deliver impactful work that will help us to achieve our vision.</p>
<h3><strong>Diversity &amp; Inclusion</strong></h3>
<p>We’re building the <strong>payment network of the future</strong>, and to achieve our goal, we need a <strong>diverse team</strong> with a range of perspectives and experiences. As of July 2024, here’s where we stand:</p>
<ul>
<li>45% identify as women&nbsp;</li>
<li>23% identify as Black, Asian, Mixed, or Other&nbsp;</li>
<li>10% identify as LGBTQIA+&nbsp;</li>
<li>9% identify as neurodiverse&nbsp;</li>
<li>2% identify as disabled&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p>If you want to learn more, you can read about our Employee Resource Groups and objectives <a href="https://gocardless.com/about/diversity-inclusion/">here</a> as well as our latest<a href="https://gocardless.com/assets/40w0m41bmydz/3hqJy4SUqZqW3BmBHlESUe/d1c7932b97b8a8ebcd0fb07418432fe9/GoCardless\_Diversity\_\_\_Inclusion\_Report\_2022.pdf"> </a><a href="https://assets.ctfassets.net/40w0m41bmydz/zGxwfm2rTwqXV4bwOMODR/8c303a244c90e49c9fa7c2ede11cf1e6/GoCardless\_Diversity\_and\_Inclusion\_Report\_20230731\_\_1\_.pdf" target="\_blank">D&amp;I Report</a><strong>&nbsp;</strong></p>
<h3><strong>Sustainability at GoCardless</strong></h3>
<p>We’re committed to reducing our&nbsp;<strong>environmental impact</strong> and leaving a sustainable world for future generations. As co-founders of the <strong>Tech Zero coalition</strong>, we’re working towards a <strong>climate-positive future</strong>. Check out our sustainability<a href="https://gocardless.com/sustainability/" target="\_blank"> action plan</a> here.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Find out more about Life at GoCardless via <a href="https://x.com/gocardless" target="\_blank">X</a>,<a href="http://instagram.com/lifeatgocardless" target="\_blank"> Instagram</a> and<a href="http://linkedin.com/company/gocardless" target="\_blank"> LinkedIn</a>.&nbsp;</strong></p></div>