<p>In the <a href="https://www.sumup.com/careers/global-bank-tribe/">Global Bank tribe</a>, we are building the infrastructure and core services needed to provide our merchants with a digital bank account that empowers them to be successful at doing what they love. Our goal is to become the most popular banking partner for small merchants globally by offering a high-quality banking experience tailored to their needs—effortless, simple, and affordable.</p>
<p>Joining the Global Bank tribe means playing a key role in helping us build SumUp's digital bank. You’ll collaborate with a global, autonomous, cross-functional team that refines an aspect of our product from concept to execution. Work alongside colleagues from 32 nationalities across Cologne, Berlin, São Paulo, Sofia, London and Vilnius, united by a shared commitment to taking ownership, working with purpose, and helping small businesses thrive.</p>
<p>As a <strong>Senior Backend Engineer</strong>, you will play a key role in helping us transition from a localized setup with regional banks to a unified Global Bank. A significant challenge will involve supporting the move to a fully distributed, event-driven architecture.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Our tech stack includes Go, AWS, Kafka, PostgreSQL, and Kubernetes, supported by a strong observability toolchain with Prometheus, Grafana, and Honeycomb. We also actively use AI‑assisted development tools such as Cursor, GitHub Copilot, and others.</p>
<p>SumUp’s engineering culture is built around ownership. We follow a “build it, run it, improve it” model, with strong observability and a focus on learning. Engineers have clear scope and autonomy, with decisions documented, reviewed, and made collaboratively.</p>
<p>The Vilnius team is a core part of the Global Bank domain. We own production systems, shape technical direction, and work closely with colleagues across SumUp’s global offices on critical merchant banking capabilities. Join our Vilnius Team today (<a href="https://youtu.be/cWvuD3GXxwE?si=5Gmb-XnGV8wBnGoB">Vilnius office</a>).</p>
<p><strong>What You’ll Do</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Collaborate with a global team to design and build a unified global banking platform. This includes high-level APIs for multiple regions and local implementations, ensuring high availability and observability</li>
<li>Be part of the transformation team that is transforming monolithic services into decoupled, highly scalable, region-agnostic, unified global bank services</li>
<li>Design, implement, and iteratively develop highly available backend services, while continuously evaluating and implementing new methods to ensure the high reliability of transfer systems</li>
<li>Maintain and improve core services utilizing a modern, cloud-native technology stack (AWS, K8s), with microservices written in Golang, Kotlin and Java and Elixir.</li>
<li>Improve test coverage for existing services and drive the end-to-end delivery of changes, including testing, observability, and monitoring.</li>
<li>Shape and continuously improve our engineering culture by sharing ideas, refining best practices, exploring innovative solutions, and contributing to comprehensive documentation and tool selection.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>You’ll be great for this role if&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Solid programming experience in Golang and are interested in working with additional languages such as Java, Kotlin and Elixir.</li>
<li>You have advanced understanding of developing and maintaining distributed and event-driven systems.</li>
<li>You have solid experience with event streaming platforms and messaging brokers such as Kafka</li>
<li>You have experience with modern cloud technologies like AWS, and containerization tools such as Docker and Kubernetes</li>
<li>You feel comfortable working with SQL and NoSQL databases</li>
<li>You are experienced with CI/CD tools like GitHub Actions or ArgoCD</li>
<li>You take pride in your work, have a keen sense of ownership, and are dedicated to writing clear, maintainable, and testable code.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Any of the following would be considered a plus</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Experience with monitoring tools - Prometheus, Grafana, Honeycomb</li>
<li>Experience in the fintech industry</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Why you should join SumUp</strong></p>
<p>🌎 We’re a truly global team of 3200+ skilled professionals from 92+ countries, spread across 4 continents. Join the team from our Vilnius office.</p>
<p>🌈 Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion: be part of a workplace that values and promotes diversity, fostering an inclusive environment where everyone's perspectives are respected and embraced.</p>
<p>🚀 Enrolment onto our Virtual Stock Option programme: you will own a stake in SumUp’s future success</p>
<p>🏖️ Time off: 25 days of paid leave, plus special holidays</p>
<p>🏥 Peace of mind: health insurance through Gjensidige and life &amp; accidental coverage from Ergo</p>
<p>💪 Stay active: gym membership allowance to help you keep fit on your terms</p>
<p>📚Career growth and learning opportunities: We invest in your development through regular training, mentorship programs, SumUp University cohort and a yearly learning budget (2,000 EUR)</p>
<p>💡We take learning and experimentation seriously with Hack Days every second Friday, and entire<a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FBKiVCLompk"> global Hack Weeks</a>.</p>
<p>🌴 Break4me: 1-month sabbatical after 3 years of service</p>
<p>🔗 Referral Bonus: earn additional rewards by referring talented individuals to join the SumUp team.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>Compensation: For entry senior level 5250 - 7500 Euro Gross / month + 2000 EUR annual learning budget + Virtual Stock Options. Ranges may vary based on skills and experience.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>About SumUp</strong></p>
<p>At SumUp, we’re on a mission to empower small businesses around the world with simple, affordable tools to help them start, run, and grow. More than 4 million merchants across 37 markets trust us as their financial partner — and we’re just getting started.</p>
<p>We’re a global team of 3,000+ people from over 90 nationalities, united by curiosity, collaboration, and care. Our<a href="https://youtu.be/1axu-TmW088?si=5NjHKNq5n-1GbXc2"> core values</a> and<a href="https://youtu.be/XEH\_nmJ9KZ4?si=pr6TdFl98FhpD5KG"> culture</a> shape everything we do, fostering inclusion, learning, and belonging.</p>
<p>SumUp is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity employer, committed to building a safe, respectful, and diverse workplace where everyone can thrive.</p>
<p>👉 Explore more about our culture on our<a href="https://www.sumup.com/careers/"> careers site</a>, or follow us on<a href="https://www.linkedin.com/company/sumup/"> LinkedIn</a> and<a href="https://www.instagram.com/insidesumup/"> Instagram</a>.</p>
<p><em>SumUp is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity employer, actively seeking and embracing diversity in our workforce. We don't make hiring or employment decisions based on race, colour, religion or religious belief, ethnic or national origin, nationality, sex, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, disability, age or any other basis protected by applicable laws or prohibited by company policy. Our commitment extends beyond recruitment to creating a safe and respectful workplace where harassment of any form is strictly prohibited.</em></p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>Job Application Tip</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We recognise that candidates feel they need to meet 100% of the job criteria in order to apply for a job. Please note that this is only a guide. If you don’t tick every box, it’s ok too because it means you have room to learn and develop your career at SumUp.</span></p></div>