<p>As an <strong>Android Engineer</strong> in the <strong>Design System team</strong>, you will translate SumUp’s design language into an easy-to-use, reusable library of user interface components and experience patterns, enabling product teams to build cohesive and accessible user experiences.&nbsp;</p>
<p>The Design System team is expanding to cover SumUp’s growing ecosystem of merchant and consumer-facing products. This role offers a unique opportunity to optimize and expand a system that helps developers build features faster and deliver high-quality experiences to millions of users worldwide.</p>
<h3><strong>What You'll Do</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Shape the core experience of users and developers interacting with SumUp’s Android ecosystem.</li>
<li>Work closely with the product and design team to build components that are maintainable, usable, beautiful and consistent.</li>
<li>Embed accessibility best practices into every component (content descriptions, touch target size, color contrast, font scaling).</li>
<li>Implement dynamic theming support (light/dark mode, brand variations) that can be switched at runtime or via configuration.</li>
<li>Provide hands-on technical support to product teams to deliver company priorities, such as the upcoming brand refresh.</li>
<li>Review code contributions, enforce design‑system conventions, and guide engineers on best practices for reusable UI development.</li>
<li>Identify and address tech debt proactively to ensure a high bar for engineering excellence and codebase health.</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>What We're Looking For</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>You have 3+ years of professional Android development experience, with expertise in Kotlin and modern Android frameworks.</li>
<li>You have 2+ years of experience working with Jetpack Compose.</li>
<li>You strive for clean code, and are flexible to balance pragmatism and perfection.</li>
<li>You have a strong grasp of testing best practices: knowing what to test, why, and how to write resilient tests.</li>
<li>You have a strong eye for detail and are committed to accessibility.</li>
<li>You are self-motivated, have a clearly structured working style, and possess good verbal and written English communication skills.</li>
<li>You enjoy keeping up to date with advancements in the Android ecosystem and are excited about sharing your knowledge with the Android community.</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>Bonus Points (Nice to Have)</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Experience building and maintaining design systems / component libraries for Android, including theming, style guides, and reusable UI components.</li>
<li>Experience navigating complex codebases and refactoring existing code</li>
<li>Experience working with Kotlin Multiplatform</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Why you should join SumUp</strong></p>
<p>🌎 Opportunity to work with SumUppers globally on large-scale fintech products used by millions of businesses worldwide, from our Berlin office. This involves an office-first setup</p>
<p>🌈 Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion: be part of a workplace that values and promotes diversity, fostering an inclusive environment where everyone's perspectives are respected and embraced</p>
<p>🚀 Enrolment onto our Virtual Stock Option programme: you will own a stake in SumUp’s future success</p>
<p>📚 A dedicated annual L&amp;D budget of €2000 for your individual development, which you can be used to attend conferences and/or advancing your career through further education</p>
<p>💶 A corporate pension scheme where we match up to 20% of your contributions</p>
<p>🏖️ Generous time off: enjoy 28 days of paid leave plus public holidays and special leave days</p>
<p>🚵🏾‍♂️ Numerous other benefits such as Urban Sports Club subsidy, Kita placement assistance, subsidised office lunches</p>
<p>🌴 Break4me: 1-month sabbatical after 3 years of service</p>
<p>🔗 Referral Bonus: earn additional rewards by referring talented individuals to join the SumUp team</p>
<p><strong>About SumUp</strong></p>
<p>We believe in the everyday hero.</p>
<p>Small business owners are at the heart of all we do, so we're creating tools that help them run their businesses. With a founder’s mentality and a 'team-first’ attitude, our diverse teams across Europe, South America and the United States work together to ensure that the small business owners we partner with can be successful doing what they love.&nbsp;</p>
<p><em>SumUp is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer that proudly pursues and hires a diverse workforce. SumUp does not make hiring or employment decisions on the basis of race, colour, religion or religious belief, ethnic or national origin, nationality, sex, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, disability, age or any other basis protected by applicable laws or prohibited by company policy. SumUp also strives for a healthy and safe workplace and strictly prohibits harassment of any kind.</em></p>
<p><em>SumUp will not accept unsolicited resumes from any source other than directly from a candidate</em></p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>Job Application Tip</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We recognise that candidates feel they need to meet 100% of the job criteria in order to apply for a job. Please note that this is only a guide. If you don’t tick every box, it’s ok too because it means you have room to learn and develop your career at SumUp.</span></p></div>