<p><strong><span style="text-decoration: underline;">About The Team:</span></strong><br>As Junior Product Marketing Manager, you will support the development of product marketing campaigns and product partnerships focused on increasing Average Order Rate (minimise pause and cancellations), Average Order Value and Product Awareness among existing customers.&nbsp; You will create the go-to-market plan, working closely with Product Development, Design, Marketing and PR to build effective launch strategies, including: setting target audience and objectives, developing compelling creative assets, and launch strategies. This role is very creative, but also&nbsp; requires strong planning and organisational skills. You will be hands-on in this role and enjoy communicating, managing multiple global and local stakeholders, planning and feeling part of a large team.</p>
<p><span style="text-decoration: underline;"><strong>What You Will Be Doing:</strong></span></p>
<ul>
<li>Lead all BAU product marketing campaigns. Liaise with global and local Brand and Growth Marketing Teams on day-to-day campaign management and execution.</li>
<li>Support the development of strategic product marketing &amp; partnership campaigns, considering factors like the value proposition, target audience, competitive landscape and wider product pipeline.</li>
<li>Lead editorial content planning of the HelloFresh customer magazine (issued quarterly) and a monthly customer newsletter - both distributed in the box.</li>
<li>Own and manage CRM channels as an always-on tool to communicate latest product and feature news to active customers.</li>
<li>Lead creative asset development for big bet product marketing and &nbsp;partnership campaigns.</li>
<li>Collate and prepare post campaign analyses and build learnings into future campaigns and processes.</li>
<li>Analyse customer and competitor insights and share key learnings across all relevant global and local stakeholders</li>
</ul>
<p><span style="text-decoration: underline;"><strong>Who You Are:</strong></span></p>
<ul>
<li>You have 3-5 years of experience in a Product Marketing role with good understanding of key customer retention channels</li>
<li>You have a deep, intuitive understanding of UK culture and what makes a brand feel authentic and relevant. You know what's next before it happens.</li>
<li>Independent way of working and strong bias for action</li>
<li>Great communicator and know how to manage multiple stakeholders</li>
<li>You are highly organised and structured in your approach to work</li>
<li>Strong ability to work cross-functionally</li>
<li>Good creative skills with an eye for compelling creative assets</li>
<li>You are passionate about food, ambitious about your career, and ready to make a significant impact on a global brand.</li>
</ul>
<p><span style="text-decoration: underline;"><strong>What you will get in return:</strong></span></p>
<p>● 70% off HelloFresh or Green Chef boxes<br>● Company pension scheme<br>● Gym membership<br>● Bupa private medical insurance (including dental &amp; family cover options)<br>● Mental health first aiders and an employee assistance programme<br>● Dog friendly office! (London site only)<br>● Nursery support scheme<br>● Cycle to work scheme<br>● Group Life Assurance</p>
<p><strong>Location</strong>: The HelloFresh Farm, 60 Worship Street, EC2A 2EZ, London&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>To be considered for this role, you’ll need to have the independent right to work in the UK, as we're unfortunately unable to provide sponsorship at this time.</strong></p>
<p><strong data-stringify-type="bold">Hybrid Working Policy</strong><br>We offer a hybrid working policy for eligible roles, allowing flexibility to work from home and in the office. For more details on eligibility and how this applies to the role you're applying for, please consult with your recruiter.</p>
<p><strong>Next steps</strong>: Your application will be reviewed and if successful, a member of the Talent Acquisition Team will be in touch within 2 weeks.</p>
<p>You are required to cooperate with HelloFresh in all health and safety matters. You are responsible for ensuring you take reasonable care of your own health, and safety as well as others who may be affected by the work activities you undertake. You must report incidents immediately and actively raise health and safety-related concerns to your Line Manager.&nbsp;As part of our commitment to maintaining a safe and secure environment, we will process Disclosure and Barring Service (<span class="il">DBS</span>) checks to the successful individual. Failure to disclose relevant information at application or throughout the process could affect your employment with the company.&nbsp;</p>
<p>If you are currently a HelloFresh employee, please make sure you have discussed your application with your Line Manager.</p>