<h2><strong>Who we are</strong></h2>
<h3><strong>About Stripe</strong></h3>
<p>Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies—from the world’s largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyone’s reach while doing the most important work of your career.</p>
<h3><strong>About the team&nbsp;</strong></h3>
<p><strong>Stripe Data Pipeline: </strong>The Stripe Data Pipeline (SDP) team owns a critical product that sends all of a merchant's Stripe data directly to their data warehouse. This role is essential for delivering petabytes of data daily with high reliability and low latency, marching towards a 99.99% availability and near real-time data freshness. SDP's unique selling proposition is making data seamlessly available, serving a customer base that includes major technology and Fortune 100 companies.</p>
<p><strong>Revenue and Finance Automation</strong>- Revenue and Finance Automation (RFA) suite gives businesses power over the entire life cycle of their cash flow. By coordinating billing, tax, reporting, and data services in one modern stack, Stripe’s revenue and finance automation suite eliminates the inefficiencies of legacy finance tools and supports revenue growth.</p>
<p><strong>Team Matching:</strong> exact team matching for one of the subteams within one of these orgs will begin during final stages.<em> Please note we may also consider you for different orgs based on your experience, location, etc. </em></p>
<h2><strong>What you’ll do</strong></h2>
<p>We are seeking an experienced technical leader to join our team to shape and build a suite of products that will let our users model and operate their business more efficiently. In this role, you will work closely with engineering managers, senior engineers, and cross-functional partners to design the technical architecture of the product to enable scale, interoperability and an amazing user experience. You will help grow the team in India to become a strong leader in delivering the Revenue and Finance Automation vision. You will also have the opportunity to be hands-on in building key systems, while mentoring and leading other engineers. Join us in spearheading a transformational opportunity for Stripe.</p>
<h3><strong>Responsibilities</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;"><strong>Lead and Architect:&nbsp;</strong>Take ownership of end-to-end architecture and system design for large, complex projects. Drive technical decisions that ensure scalability, reliability, and high performance across distributed systems.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><strong>Mentor and Influence: </strong>Provide technical leadership to other engineers on the team, setting best practices in system design, architecture, and operational excellence. Act as a mentor, guiding less experienced engineers to grow into senior roles.</li>
<li><strong>Drive Product Innovation:</strong> Innovate by leveraging the latest in ML, LLMs, and data technologies, driving new features that help businesses optimize their revenue with predictive insights and advanced analytics.</li>
<li><strong>Collaborate Cross-Functionally: </strong>Partner with product, design, and data teams to deeply understand business problems and craft solutions that balance user needs, system performance, and scalability.</li>
<li><strong>Tackle Complexity: </strong>Navigate ambiguous technical challenges, breaking down complex problems into actionable solutions, and driving them from inception to successful deployment.</li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><strong>Champion System Scalability and Stability:</strong> Ensure Stripe’s reporting products continue to operate at scale while maintaining system stability and providing seamless user experiences, handling billions of data points efficiently.</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Who you are</strong></h2>
<p>We’re looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.</p>
<h3><strong>Minimum Requirements</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>10 + years of engineering experience or equivalent combined work experience demonstrating relevant domain expertise.</li>
<li>Experience in architecting and designing full-stack systems that deliver critical impact to a business</li>
<li>You have great product taste and a track record of taking complex problems and solving them elegantly.</li>
<li>You enjoy diving into and deeply understanding the businesses that use Stripe.</li>
<li>You work very well cross-functionally, and are able to think rigorously and make hard decisions and tradeoffs.</li>
<li>You are capable of working in ambiguous fast-moving environments and have a curiosity to learn the domain to a deep level.</li>
<li>You thrive on a high level of autonomy and responsibility.</li>
<li>Strong collaboration skills to work effectively across multiple teams and stakeholders.</li>
<li>Past experience mentoring and investing in the development of engineers.</li>
<li>Pride in successfully completing projects involving a diverse range of technologies and systems.</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>Preferred Qualifications</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Familiarity with large scale distributed systems.</li>
<li>Experience working in high-growth teams similar to Stripe.</li>
<li>If you meet the minimum requirements, we encourage you to apply. Preferred qualifications are beneficial but not mandatory.</li>
</ul>