<p><strong>This is Adyen</strong></p>
<p>At Adyen, we’re engineered for ambition. We empower our teams with the culture and support they need to own their careers. The people of Adyen are motivated problem-solvers who tackle unique technical challenges at scale, delivering innovative and ethical solutions to help businesses achieve their ambitions faster.</p>
<p>For our teams, we create an environment with opportunities for our people to succeed, backed by the culture and support to ensure they are enabled to truly own their careers. We are motivated individuals who tackle unique technical challenges at scale and solve them as a team. Together, we deliver innovative and ethical solutions that help businesses achieve their ambitions faster.</p>
<p><strong>Machine Learning Engineer<br><br></strong>Adyen is looking for a Senior Machine Learning Engineers to join our team in Amsterdam, someone with experience of building and operating robust machine learning systems at scale in production environments. You will be responsible for designing, productionizing and maintaining machine learning services that power data products at Adyen.</p>
<p><strong>In this role, you will:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Develop and maintain production ML pipelines for data ingestion, training, validation, and deployment. Examples ML domains are: on-line learning algorithms to pick the best optimization decision in a changing environment, clustering algorithms to group customers/shoppers, supervised and semi-supervised learning methods for inference on risk patterns or graph analysis, representation learning for behavior prediction and monitoring, Anti-Money Laundering (AML) systems and real-time anomaly detection based on time-series modeling;</li>
<li>Identify and fix performance bottlenecks in ML training and inference (memory consumption, online latency, training time etc.);</li>
<li>Collaborate with software engineers to integrate ML solutions into products and services;</li>
<li>Collaborate with data scientists to transition research prototypes into scalable solutions;</li>
<li>Collaborate with MLOps and platform teams to integrate effectively with current tools, and shape priority for future tools;</li>
<li>Support and encourage good engineering practices on product ML teams;</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Who You Are:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>You have 5 + years of experience as an engineer working in the machine learning domain;</li>
<li>5 years of experience with one or more general purpose programming languages including but not limited to: Java, C/C++ or Python.</li>
<li>5 years of experience in software development.</li>
<li>5 years of experience testing, and launching software products, and 3 years of experience with software design and architecture.</li>
<li>5 years of experience building and deploying Machine Learning systems in (prediction, ranking, embedding, deep learning) in production and experience building architecture in different modeling domains.</li>
<li>5 years of experience with ML design and ML infrastructure (e.g., model deployment, model evaluation, data processing, debugging, fine tuning).</li>
<li>You have experience leveraging big data to create the pipelines needed to feed the models with appropriate data;</li>
<li>You have a strong understanding of good software engineering practices as well as data engineering and MLOps principles;</li>
<li>You have strong familiarity with the standard data science toolkit in python, such as (py)spark, (Trino) SQL, Tensorflow, PyTorch, XGBoost/LightGBM, Pandas, MLFlow or similar MLOps frameworks, and Airflow;</li>
<li>You have knowledge/experience of working with ML infrastructure components with tools such as k8s, docker, airflow, argo-workflows, prometheus, grafana</li>
<li>You have an experimental mindset with a launch fast and iterate mentality;</li>
<li>You proactively take the lead in projects, from ideation to deployment. You have experience working with a wide range of stakeholders and can clearly communicate complex outcomes over a wide range of audiences.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Nice to Have:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>You have experience with distributed GPU compute environments</li>
<li>You have experience working with a Machine Learning ‘Feature Store’</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Teams currently hiring:<br><br>Customer Risk</strong></p>
<p>The Customer Risk team is at the front line of this platform, building the next-generation systems required to assess and mitigate risk in real time. They are responsible for keeping our platform safe, while maintaining a seamless experience for our legitimate global merchants.</p>
<p>They operate at the critical intersection of high-stakes security and massive scale. By leveraging Adyen’s global payment flow, they are building a risk engine from scratch that moves beyond traditional detection to sophisticated, real-time entity assessment. We are looking for our first Senior Machine Learning Engineer to lead this effort and help architect the future of risk at Adyen.</p>
<p><strong>Platform Risk</strong></p>
<p><span data-path-to-node="2,5"><span class="citation-126">As Adyen expands its product lines, robust fraud prevention has shifted from an extended feature to an essential offering, and our team is tasked with the challenge of building a world-class, unified view of risk for our merchants</span></span><span data-path-to-node="2,7">. </span><span data-path-to-node="2,9"><span class="citation-125">Machine Learning is the fundamental piece required to scale this offering in a reliable way, and we are looking for someone to join our autonomous environment where every engineer is end-to-end responsible for their solutions—from initial stakeholder discussions to production monitoring</span></span><span data-path-to-node="2,11">. </span><span data-path-to-node="2,13"><span class="citation-124">In this role, challenging the status quo is not only welcomed but encouraged, ensuring you have a significant voice in our most critical architectural decisions</span></span><span data-path-to-node="2,15">.</span></p>
<p><strong>Our Diversity, Equity and Inclusion commitments</strong></p>
<p>Our unique approach is a product of our diverse perspectives. This diversity of backgrounds and cultures is essential in helping us maintain our momentum. Our business and technical challenges are unique, and we need as many different voices as possible to join us in solving them - voices like yours. No matter who you are or where you’re from, we welcome you to be your true self at Adyen.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Studies show that women and members of underrepresented communities apply for jobs only if they meet 100% of the qualifications. Does this sound like you? If so, Adyen encourages you to reconsider and apply. We look forward to your application!</p>
<p><strong>What’s next?</strong></p>
<p>Ensuring a smooth and enjoyable candidate experience is critical for us. We aim to get back to you regarding your application within 5 business days. Our interview process tends to take about 4 weeks to complete, but may fluctuate depending on the role. <a href="https://careers.adyen.com/how-we-hire">Learn more about our hiring process here</a>. Don’t be afraid to let us know if you need more flexibility.</p>
<p>This is a full-time position based in our Amsterdam office, and it requires relocation if you are currently living outside of the Netherlands.</p>