<p><strong>This is Adyen</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Adyen provides payments, data, and financial products in a single solution for customers like Meta, Uber, H&amp;M, and Microsoft - making us the financial technology platform of choice. At Adyen, everything we do is engineered for ambition.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">For our teams, we create an environment with opportunities for our people to succeed, backed by the culture and support to ensure they are enabled to truly own their careers. We are motivated individuals who tackle unique technical challenges at scale and solve them as a team. Together, we deliver innovative and ethical solutions that help businesses achieve their ambitions faster.</span></p>
<p><strong>Tech Risk Officer</strong></p>
<p>Adyen is both a technology company and a licensed bank. We combine the best of both worlds; the innovative strengths of technology with the stability of our financial licenses. We operate a single central technology setup and do this globally. This means you will also interact with second line colleagues(compliance, privacy) from different regions, and act as an SME for the implementation of technology and security regulatory requirements.&nbsp;</p>
<p>The Tech Risk team within the second line Enterprise Risk function ensures that risk management practices are applied across Adyen’s technological environments, teams and initiatives. The key risks it covers are those of Information Technology and Information Security (IS/IT). This continuous task requires a close relationship with technical teams in the first line, in order to understand changes in the tech landscape but also to guide them in relation to risk mitigations.&nbsp;</p>
<p>The ideal candidate is an experienced IT Risk professional, with relevant expertise in Tech Governance, Risk and Compliance activities. The candidate has a solid technical understanding, and can advance the IS &amp; IT risk framework to the next level of maturity, providing expert guidance in areas such as <strong>IT Excellence </strong>(IT Capacity, Change Management, etc.) and <strong>Digital Operational Resilience</strong>.</p>
<p><strong>What you will do</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Execute IT Risk Assessments across diverse IT areas, projects and assets, advising stakeholders and ensuring risk mitigation actions are implemented.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Collaborate closely with leadership and build an internal network to ensure the domain remains represented in business activities, contributing to decision making.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Drive the second line risk oversight for Technology risks, including KRI design, risk monitoring and reporting.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Collaborate with other Enterprise Risk domains, in order to incorporate IT risks into Adyen’s risk profile, ensuring those are considered when evaluating company objectives.&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li>Collaborate with or advise other second-line teams (typically Regulatory, Compliance and Privacy) in the implementation of requirements in Adyen’s tech environments, as well as engage with local auditors or external partners (externally) as a trusted point of contact for the specific risk domains, globally.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Engage with various regulators to provide clarity on Adyen’s IT Resilience and excellence landscape.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Who you are</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>You have at least 5+ years experience with IT risk management, working with(in) the second line risk management or in technology risk consulting in a Big 4 firm or comparable.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Demonstrated experience in IT risk evaluations, IT resilience best practices, Incident and Business continuity processes, as well as associate regulations such as DORA or recognized industry frameworks.&nbsp;</li>
<li>You feel comfortable explaining risks associated with IT environments to engineers but also to business stakeholders.&nbsp;</li>
<li>You have a solid understanding of commonly used technology stack (hardware, software, network and systems, on-prem or cloud environments), at the level required to identify risks or weaknesses and recommend tangible actions, design metrics to enable risk monitoring and oversight.&nbsp;</li>
<li>You are innovative, flexible with strong problem-solving capabilities and able to define effective processes, when possible scaling manual processes via automation.&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Our Diversity, Equity and Inclusion commitments&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Our unique approach is a product of our diverse perspectives. This diversity of backgrounds and cultures is essential in helping us maintain our momentum. Our business and technical challenges are unique, and we need as many different voices as possible to join us in solving them - voices like yours. No matter who you are or where you’re from, we welcome you to be your true self at Adyen.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Studies show that women and members of underrepresented communities apply for jobs only if they meet 100% of the qualifications. Does this sound like you? If so, Adyen encourages you to reconsider and apply. We look forward to your application!</span></p>
<p><strong>What’s next?</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Ensuring a smooth and enjoyable candidate experience is critical for us. We aim to get back to you regarding your application within 5 business days. Our interview process tends to take about 4 weeks to complete, but may fluctuate depending on the role. </span><a href="https://careers.adyen.com/how-we-hire"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Learn more about our hiring process here</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">. Don’t be afraid to let us know if you need more flexibility.</span></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>This role is based out of our Amsterdam office. We are an office-first company and value in-person collaboration; we do not offer remote-only roles.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>