<div class="content-intro"><h2><span data-sheets-root="1">About Wolt</span></h2>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">At Wolt, we create technology that brings joy, simplicity and earnings to the neighborhoods of the world. In 2014 we started with delivery of restaurant food. Now we’re building the delivery of (almost) everything and you’ll find us in over 500 cities in 30 countries around the world. In 2022 we joined forces with DoorDash and together we keep on dreaming big and expanding across the globe.<br><br>Working at Wolt isn’t always easy, but it’s definitely exciting. Here you’ll learn more, build more, and ship more than in most other companies. You’ll be challenged a lot, but also have a lot of fun on the way. So, if you’re a self-starter with drive and entrepreneurial spirit, this could be the ride of your life.</span></p></div><p>Great growth needs great accounting — and that’s where you come in.</p>
<p>As we continue to scale, we are looking for a Senior GL Accountant who brings expertise, ownership and precision to our Finance team. We take pride in owning our work, valuing accuracy and attention to detail, and continuously improving how we operate. If you thrive in a collaborative, fast-paced environment and bring a strong GL background, we’d love to welcome you to our Finance team at Wolt.</p>
<h2>What you’ll be doing</h2>
<ul>
<li>General Ledger Accounting for defined entities.</li>
<li>Processing of primary accounting documents and data input in ERP system.</li>
<li>Ensuring that the primary accounting documents are accurate and complete.</li>
<li>Implementing and ensuring group accounting policies and principles are followed.</li>
<li>Balance sheet reconciliations.</li>
<li>Month end closing activities for defined entities.</li>
<li>Assisting in financial statements preparations.</li>
<li>Assisting different stakeholders with accounting related questions.</li>
<li>Assisting with audit requests.</li>
<li>Preparation of various regulatory reporting.</li>
</ul>
<h2>Our humble expectations</h2>
<ul>
<li>3+ years of previous relevant accounting experience.</li>
<li>Previous knowledge of accounting and IFRS.</li>
<li>Previous knowledge of local GAAP and knowledge of preparing Financial Statements.</li>
<li>Understanding of accounting processes.</li>
<li>Prior knowledge of SOX Compliance matters is a plus.</li>
<li>Good analytical skills.</li>
<li>Degree in Finance, Accounting.</li>
<li>Prior experience in NetSuite is a plus.</li>
<li>Comfortable using English&nbsp; as a working language.</li>
<li>Must be eligible to work in the E.U, we don’t support new permits or visa</li>
</ul>
<h2>What we offer</h2>
<p>Wolt combines the agility of a growing tech company with the stability of a global organization. In this role, you’ll gain exposure to complex, multi-entity accounting, drive process improvements, and play a key role in strengthening our financial foundation.</p>
<p>You’ll grow alongside the business, work in an international environment, and be part of a team that values ownership, precision and continuous improvement.</p>
<p><iframe src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/GoL541\_xj9w" width="560" height="314"></iframe></p><div class="content-conclusion"><h2><span data-sheets-root="1">Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion</span></h2>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">We’re committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. That’s why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.</span></p></div>