<p>We’re looking for a hardworking, driven partner leader with superb energy, passion and initiative to join our highly talented India Partner Organization. This role concentrates exclusively on building executive and business leaders-level relationships, formulating and executing a pipeline generation strategy in the India market through our Global Systems Integrator (GSI) partners, resulting in aggressive pipeline growth and new customer acquisition.</p>
<p>We are looking to speak to candidates who are based in Gurugram for our hybrid working model.</p>
<h3>Responsibilities</h3>
<ul>
<li>Build strong and effective GSI partner relationships, resulting in growth opportunities&nbsp;</li>
<li>Proactively prospect, identify, qualify and develop a sales pipeline to and through our Global System Integrators partners</li>
<li>Cultivate and manage a network of strategic champions at both the executive and architect levels to ensure deep engagement, influence adoption, and scale the partnership across targeted accounts</li>
<li>Drive the development of mutually beneficial joint offerings, integrated solutions, and Go-to-Market (GTM) strategies with partners to create new revenue streams and expand market penetration</li>
<li>Interlock with our Cloud and Ecosystem(ISV/OEM) partners do accelerate consumption of identified GSI pipelines</li>
<li>Work with our Field Sales team to close business to meet and exceed monthly, quarterly and annual bookings objectives</li>
<li>Participate in our sales enablement trainings, including our comprehensive Sales Bootcamp, sophisticated sales training, and leadership and development programs</li>
<li>Have an in-depth and detailed understanding of MongoDB products to confidently provide mentorship for your Partner Sales team</li>
</ul>
<h3>Requirements</h3>
<ul>
<li>12+ years of quota-carrying experience in a fast-paced and competitive market with a focus on new business</li>
<li>5+ years of quota-carrying experience generating pipeline and selling through Global System Integrators</li>
<li>Proven experience in managing, developing, and scaling multi-faceted strategic partnership with GSI ecosystem&nbsp;</li>
<li>Demonstrated ability to articulate the business value of complex enterprise technology</li>
<li>A track record of overachievement and hitting sales targets</li>
<li>Skilled in building business champions and running a complex sales process</li>
<li>Previous Sales Methodology training (e.g. MEDDIC, SPIN, Challenger Sales)</li>
<li>Familiarity with databases, devops and open source technology a plus</li>
<li>Driven and competitive: Possess a strong desire to be successful</li>
<li>Skilled in managing time and resources; sound approach to qualifying opportunities</li>
<li>Possess aptitude to learn quickly and establish credibility. High EQ and self-aware</li>
<li>Passionate about growing your career in the largest market in software (database) and developing and maintaining an in-depth understanding of MongoDB products</li>
</ul>
<h3>About MongoDB</h3>
<p>MongoDB is built for change, empowering our customers and our people to innovate at the speed of the market. We have redefined the database for the AI era, enabling innovators to create, transform, and disrupt industries with software. MongoDB’s unified database platform, the most widely available, globally distributed database on the market, helps organizations modernize legacy workloads, embrace innovation, and unleash AI. Our cloud-native platform, MongoDB Atlas, is the only globally distributed, multi-cloud database and is available across AWS, Google Cloud, and Microsoft Azure.</p>
<p>With offices worldwide and over 60,000 customers, including 75% of the Fortune 100 and AI-native startups, relying on MongoDB for their most important applications, we’re powering the next era of software.</p>
<p>Our compass at MongoDB is our <a href="https://www.mongodb.com/company">Leadership Commitment,</a> guiding how and why we make decisions, show up for each other, and win. It’s what makes us MongoDB.&nbsp;</p>
<p>To drive the personal growth and business impact of our employees, we’re committed to developing a supportive and enriching culture for everyone. <a href="https://www.mongodb.com/company/blog/culture/employee-benefits-that-make-a-difference-at-mongodb">From employee affinity groups, to fertility assistance and a generous parental leave policy</a>, we value our employees’ wellbeing and want to support them along every step of their professional and personal journeys.<a href="https://www.mongodb.com/blog/channel/culture"> Learn more about what it’s like to work at MongoDB</a>, and help us make an impact on the world!</p>
<p>MongoDB is committed to providing any necessary accommodations for individuals with disabilities within our application and interview process. To request an accommodation due to a disability, please inform your recruiter.</p>
<p>MongoDB is an equal opportunities employer.</p>
<p>Req ID - 1273364550</p>