<div class="content-intro"><h3>About ClickHouse</h3>
<p>Recognized on the 2025 Forbes Cloud 100 list, ClickHouse is one of the most innovative and fast-growing private cloud companies. With more than 3,000 customers and ARR that has grown over 250 percent year over year, ClickHouse leads the market in real-time analytics, data warehousing, observability, and AI workloads.</p>
<p>The company’s sustained, accelerating momentum was recently validated by a $400M Series D financing round. Over the past three months, customers including Capital One, Lovable, Decagon, Polymarket, and Airwallex have adopted the platform or expanded existing deployments. These customers join an established base of AI innovators and global brands such as Meta, Cursor, Sony, and Tesla.</p>
<p>We’re on a mission to transform how companies use data. Come be a part of our journey!</p></div><p><strong>Note:&nbsp;&nbsp;</strong>We are hiring for this role in any country ClickHouse has a hiring presence.</p>
<p><strong>About the Team</strong></p>
<p>The Core Engineering team is responsible for working on the beloved <a href="https://github.com/ClickHouse/ClickHouse">ClickHouse open-source project</a> while working cross-functionally across engineering and product teams as we develop and expand our Cloud service offering. We are seeking a Senior Software Quality Engineer who will focus on improving the efficiency and quality of both our open-source and cloud offerings. You will build out automation of critical operational functions that ensure ClickHouse Cloud operates smoothly worldwide and at our massive scale. The ideal candidate for this position is someone with strong technical skills and a background in release engineering.</p>
<p><strong>What will you do?</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Build and enhance test automation frameworks and develop automated test cases.</li>
<li>Try out new features and ensure they land smoothly in Production.</li>
<li>Test cross-functional implementations across internal teams at ClickHouse.</li>
<li>Implement new testing strategies and automation for large and complex distributed systems.</li>
<li>Evaluate the new functionality of ClickHouse for each release, and identify opportunities in the existing codebase for improvement.</li>
<li>Engineer and improve existing testing infrastructure.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>About you:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Extensive knowledge of SQL.</li>
<li>Previously worked in a similar SDET, Release Engineering, or QA role related to a classical database or distributed system.</li>
<li>Have hands-on experience with any programming language (Python, Go, C++).</li>
<li>Can read C++ code for validation.</li>
<li>Working knowledge of Git, Linux and shell scripting.</li>
<li>Experience with both manual testing and automation testing.</li>
<li>Demonstrated ability to work collaboratively, including with remote teams. Ability to learn complex technology quickly in a fast-paced, team-driven environment.</li>
<li>You have excellent communication skills and the ability to work well within and across engineering teams.</li>
<li>You are a strong problem-solver and have solid production debugging skills.</li>
<li>You thrive in a fast-paced environment and see yourself as a partner with the business with the shared goal of moving the business forward.</li>
</ul>
<p>#LI-remote</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p><div class="content-conclusion"><h3><strong>Compensation</strong></h3>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">For roles based in the&nbsp;<strong>United States</strong>, t</span>he typical starting salary range for this position is listed above. In certain locations, such as the San Francisco Bay Area and the New York City Metro Area, a premium market range may apply, as listed.</p>
<p class="p1">These salary ranges reflect what we reasonably and in good faith believe to be the minimum and maximum pay for this role at the time of posting. The actual compensation may be higher or lower than the amounts listed, and the ranges may be subject to future adjustments.</p>
<p class="p1">An individual’s placement within the range will depend on various factors, including (but not limited to) education, qualifications, certifications, experience, skills, location, performance, and the needs of the business or organization.</p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">If you have any questions or comments about compensation as a candidate, please get in touch with us at&nbsp;<a href="mailto:paytransparency@clickhouse.com">paytransparency@clickhouse.com</a>.</span></p>
<h3><strong>Perks</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><strong>Flexible work environment</strong><span style="font-weight: 400;"> - ClickHouse is a globally distributed company and remote-friendly. We currently operate in over 20 countries.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><strong>Healthcare</strong><span style="font-weight: 400;"> - Employer contributions towards your healthcare.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><strong>Equity in the company</strong><span style="font-weight: 400;"> - Every new team member who joins our company receives stock options.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><strong>Time off</strong><span style="font-weight: 400;"> - Flexible time off in the US, generous entitlement in other countries.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><strong>A $500 Home office setup </strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">if you’re a remote employee.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><strong>Global Gatherings </strong>– We believe in the power of in-person connection and offer opportunities to engage with colleagues at company-wide offsites.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Culture - We All Shape It</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">As part of a rapidly scaling start up, you will be instrumental in shaping our culture.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Are you interested in finding out more about our culture? &nbsp;Learn more about our values <a href="https://clickhouse.com/company/careers">here</a>.&nbsp; Check out our<a href="https://clickhouse.com/blog"> blog posts</a> or follow us on <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/company/clickhouseinc/life/0c1ee7f4-2129-488d-b413-e7f6270659fd/?viewAsMember=true">LinkedIn</a> to find out more about what’s happening at ClickHouse.</span></p>
<p><strong>Equal Opportunity &amp; Privacy&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>ClickHouse provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any type based on factors such as race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws.&nbsp;</p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Please see&nbsp;<a href="https://clickhouse.com/legal/applicant-privacy-notice" target="\_blank" data-saferedirecturl="https://www.google.com/url?q=https://www.elastic.co/legal/applicant-privacy-statement&amp;source=gmail&amp;ust=1611068262479000&amp;usg=AFQjCNG3orAPk5sJIr9WVm0ZDxYw82c5DA">here</a>&nbsp;for our Privacy Statement.</span></p></div>