<h2><strong>Who we are</strong></h2>
<h3><strong>About Stripe</strong></h3>
<p>Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies—from the world’s largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyone’s reach while doing the most important work of your career.</p>
<h3><strong>About the team</strong></h3>
<p>Payments is Stripe’s flagship product. Our payments platform processes trillions of dollars annually. This team has the opportunity to expand the reach of Stripe’s global payments network, design and implement novel payment capabilities, and deliver best-in-class reliability and performance.</p>
<p>We have Software Engineers in almost every team across Stripe, and in this role, you’ll be making some of the most significant decisions for the company. You’ll get to work with other engineers to build delightful features that span various parts of the system, as well as our business, sales and operations teams to understand and solve our users’ pain points.</p>
<h2><strong>What you’ll do</strong></h2>
<h3><strong>Responsibilities</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Design, build, and maintain APIs, services, and systems across Stripe’s engineering teams</li>
<li>Work with a wide range of systems, processes and technologies to own and solve problems end-to-end</li>
<li>Collaborate with other engineering teams across Stripe’s global offices</li>
<li>Uphold our high engineering standards and bring consistency to the many codebases and processes you will encounter</li>
<li>Improve engineering standards, tooling, and processes</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Who you are</strong></h2>
<p>You are energized by solving real problems for real users. You use the word “users” or “customers” a million times a day. You thrive at the intersection of technology and business - equally comfortable diving deep into technical architecture and sitting with customers to understand their challenges. You like to work in the trenches with your colleagues. You're passionate about building elegant, scalable solutions and helping others reach their full potential.You believe great products are built by teams that deeply understand their users, and you're excited to work closely with regional teams, product partners, and strategic customers.&nbsp;</p>
<p>We're looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.</p>
<h3><strong>Minimum requirements</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>3-12+ years of professional software development experience</li>
<li>Either a Bachelor’s degree in a technical field involving coding (e.g., Computer Science, Engineering, Physics, Mathematics) or equivalent technical experience</li>
<li>Worked on projects which have involved multiple engineering teams</li>
<li>Empathy, strong communication skills and a deep respect for the power of collaboration</li>
<li>A learning mindset, regardless of level or experience</li>
<li>The ability to drive clear next steps when encountering ambiguous spaces without clear lines of ownership</li>
<li>High standards for code quality and a constructive attitude to help others raise the bar</li>
<li>An ability to think creatively and holistically about reducing risk in a complex environment</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>Preferred qualifications&nbsp;</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Have experience with financial product companies and interest in financial products and markets.</li>
<li>User facing or cross functional roles where you shaped the product’s roadmap and solutions to solve user needs.</li>
<li>&nbsp;</li>
</ul>