<h3><strong>About Stripe</strong></h3>
<p>Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies—from the world’s largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyone’s reach while doing the most important work of your career.</p>
<h3><strong>About the team</strong></h3>
<p>The mission of Fraud Operations is to act as guardians of the global financial ecosystem by proactively reducing fraud, making it difficult and unprofitable for fraudsters to carry out attacks through Stripe. Fraud Ops is responsible for developing and maintaining scalable processes related to fraud analysis, card testing, account takeover, and financial partner investigation requests. We strive to improve manual fraud decisioning and enhance support experiences for users impacted by fraud decisions, all while enabling healthy growth for the business.</p>
<h2><strong>What you’ll do</strong></h2>
<p>As a Payments Fraud Investigator, you will play a critical role in safeguarding our financial ecosystem by investigating high-risk accounts and identifying various forms of fraud. You will conduct deep-dive analyses of merchant accounts, lead cross-functional projects, and collaborate with stakeholders to enhance our fraud detection and prevention strategies at scale. Your expertise in fraud patterns and typologies will be essential in developing and enhancing investigative processes and programs.</p>
<h3><strong>Responsibilities</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Analyze high risk accounts to identify fraudulent merchants, card testing, account takeovers, and other fraud vectors</li>
<li>Lead root cause analyses to identify gaps in current systems, policies and strategies, and determine enhancements and process improvements to address emerging fraud risks through collaboration with key stakeholders</li>
<li>Drive cross-functional projects aimed at refining operational processes and tools, enhancing the detection and management of fraudulent accounts across our global analyst network</li>
<li>Investigate, mitigate, and remediate urgent fraud incidents, such as card testing and account takeover, and manage user responses to high-urgency distributed fraud attacks</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li>Communicate regular updates during team and organization-wide business reviews, summarize outcomes of complex investigations for executives, and deliver clear case determinations to users and partner financial institutions</li>
<li>Travel to vendor locations to conduct analyst training sessions and knowledge-sharing initiatives, while identifying challenges and enhancing analyst performance to improve overall outcomes</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Who you are</strong></h2>
<p>We’re looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.</p>
<h3><strong>Minimum requirements</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>3+ years of experience conducting complex investigations</li>
<li>1+ years of experience leading risk-related projects and initiatives, collaborating effectively with cross-functional stakeholders</li>
<li>Demonstrated ability to leverage data to propose solutions for both tactical and strategic challenges</li>
<li>Proactive approach to challenging the status quo, with a willingness to question existing processes and advocate for improvements.</li>
<li>User-centric perspective when addressing challenges, balanced with a pragmatic and solutions-oriented mindset</li>
<li>Excellent written and verbal communication skills</li>
<li>Ability to travel to vendor locations for up to 10% of the year</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>Preferred qualifications</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Experience in payments, e-commerce, social media, or fintech, mitigating digital/card-not-present fraud</li>
<li>Experience investigating and mitigating card testing and account takeover attacks</li>
<li>Experience designing fraud/risk workflows, analyst tooling, and processes/procedural workflows</li>
<li>Strong proficiency using SQL to analyze data, drive insights, and create dashboards and visualizations</li>
</ul>