**About the Team**

Our Data Science team is the Avengers to Meesho’s S.H.I.E.L.D 🛡️. And why not? We are the ones who assemble during the toughest challenges and devise creative solutions, building intelligent systems for millions of our users looking at a thousand different categories of products. We’ve barely scratched the surface, and have amazing challenges in charting the future of commerce for Bharat.

Our typical day involves dealing with fraud detection, inventory optimisation, and platform vernacularisation.

**About the Role**

As a Principal Data Scientist in our AdTech team, you’ll drive innovation in our advertising platform using advanced machine learning and statistical methods. You’ll tackle complex problems in real-time bidding, ad ranking optimization, budget efficiency, and performance measurement that directly impact our business’s bottom line. This role requires technical excellence and business acumen and you’ll collaborate with cross-functional teams to transform data insights into actionable strategies that enhance our advertising ecosystem.

## What you will do

- Design and develop sophisticated bidding, budget pacing and other algorithms that optimize ad spend or ROI.
- Create frameworks and experimental design to measure ad effectiveness and ROI.
- Collaborate with product and engineering teams to translate business requirements into efficient AI/ML solutions.
- Communicate long-term roadmap, insights and recommendations to tech and business leadership.
- Mentor junior data scientists and provide technical [guidance.](http://guidance.Lead)
- Lead research initiatives in machine learning, auction theory and advertising technology.

## What you will need

- B.Tech in Computer Science, Machine Learning, or a related field with at least 6+ years of experience in AI/ML research.
- Experience in auction theory, predictive modelling, causal inference, and reinforcement learning.
- Expertise in PyTorch or TensorFlow, and proficiency in Python as well as big data technologies.
- History of mentoring junior data scientists, and comfortable in driving multiple problem statements.
- Excellent communication skills, able to explain complex concepts to both technical and non-technical audiences.

**Preferred Qualifications:**

- M.Tech or Ph.d in Computer Science with a specialization in Machine Learning.
- 3+ years of experience applying machine learning and statistical modeling in AdTech, or related domains.
- Exposure in real-time bidding systems, programmatic advertising, or ad exchanges.
- Track record of successful research-to-product transitions.
- Strong publication record in top AI conferences (e.g., NeurIPS, ICML, ICLR, KDD, CVPR, AAAI).

**About us**

Welcome to Meesho, where every story begins with a spark of inspiration and a dash of entrepreneurial spirit. We're not just a platform; we're your partner in turning dreams into realities.

**Curious about life at Meesho? Explore our Glassdoor - our people have a lot to say and they've helped us become a loved workplace in India.**

**Our Mission**

Democratising internet commerce for everyone — Meesho (Meri Shop) started with a single idea in mind: to be an e-commerce destination for Indian consumers and to enable small businesses to succeed online.

We provide our sellers with benefits such as zero commission and affordable shipping solutions in the market. Today, sellers nationwide are growing their businesses by tapping into Meesho’s large and diverse customer base, state-of-the-art tech infrastructure, and pan-India logistics network through trusted third-party partners.

Affordable, relatable merchandise that mirrors local markets has helped us connect with internet users and serve customers across urban, semi-urban, and rural India. Our unique business model and continuous innovation have established us as a part of India’s e-commerce ecosystem.

**Culture and Total Rewards**

Our focus is on cultivating a dynamic workplace characterized by high impact and performance excellence. We prioritize a people-centric culture, dedicated to hiring and developing exceptional talent.

Total rewards at Meesho comprise a comprehensive set of elements — monetary, non-monetary, tangible, and intangible. Our 9 guiding principles, or "Mantras," are the backbone of how we operate, influencing everything from recognition and evaluation to growth discussions. Daily rituals and processes like “Problem First Mindset,” “Listen or Die,” our Internal Mobility Program, Talent Reviews, and Continuous Performance Management embody these principles.

We offer competitive compensation — both cash and equity-based — tailored to job roles, individual experience, and skill, along with employee-centric benefits and a supportive work environment. Our holistic wellness program, MeeCare, includes benefits across physical, mental, financial, and social wellness. This includes extensive medical insurance for employees and their families, wellness initiatives like telehealth, wellness events, and fitness-related perks.

To support work-life balance, we offer generous leave policies, parental support, retirement benefits, and learning and development assistance. Through personalized recognition, gratitude for stretched work, and engaging activities, we promote employee delight at the workplace. Additional benefits such as salary advance support, relocation assistance, and flexible benefit plans further enrich the Meesho experience.

Know more about Meesho here : <https://www.meesho.io/>