<h2>Who we are</h2>
<h3>About Stripe</h3>
<p>Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies—from the world’s largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyone’s reach while doing the most important work of your career.</p>
<h3>About the team</h3>
<p>The Revenue and Financial Automation (RFA) team at Stripe is building a modern, revenue-focused, financial management platform for fast growing, digital native companies.&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li><strong>Billing:</strong> Hundreds of thousands of businesses of all sizes and types use Stripe Billing to collect revenue for recurring and one-time payments across a variety of different pricing models—from selling SaaS subscriptions, to orchestrating multi-stage contracts, delivering Usage-Based Billing, and providing recovery and retention tools to prevent customer churn.</li>
<li><strong>Tax:</strong> You know how everyone loves taxes? And it's such a simple, stable, and well-understood area? We handle all the sales-related taxes (across Checkout &amp; Billing) and make it super easy to register, auto-collect the right amount of tax, and access the reports you need to file returns globally</li>
</ul>
<p><em>Note: exact team matching for one of the pods will begin during final stages. Please note we may also consider you for different orgs based on your experience, location, etc. More information on our team matching process can be found&nbsp;<a href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/1zvJkO2c7GzukHG-\_oqc5wbOLajpuh5FjbmZPcZPU1o0/edit?tab=t.0#heading=h.ahb3b6nrktv1">here</a>.&nbsp;</em></p>
<h2>What you’ll do</h2>
<p>As an engineer on the team, you’ll be responsible for shaping and building a suite of products that let our users model and operate their business more efficiently. You will work on projects that span technologies, systems, and processes where you will design, build, test, and ship great code every day. In this cross functional role, you will collaborate with experts in infrastructure, security, design, and operations to build mission critical internal and external features that power Stripe users around the world.&nbsp;</p>
<h3>Responsibilities</h3>
<ul>
<li>Design the next generation of Stripe products, to meet the high growth needs of our company and customers for years to come.</li>
<li>Deliver value through a strong collaborative and users-first approach with stakeholders and customers.</li>
<li>Mentor engineers to help them grow</li>
<li>Debug and solve critical production issues across services and multiple levels of the stack</li>
</ul>
<h2>Who you are</h2>
<p>We’re looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.</p>
<h3>Minimum requirements</h3>
<ul>
<li>2-12+ years of experience in backend software development</li>
<li>Ability to write high quality code (in programming languages like Go, Java, C/C++, etc.)</li>
<li>Hands-on experience contributing to or building large scale distributed systems</li>
<li>Strong collaboration skills, can work across workstreams within your team and contribute to your peers’ success</li>
<li>Have the ability to thrive on a high level of autonomy, responsibility, and think of yourself as entrepreneurial</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>Preferred Qualifications</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Familiarity with event-driven architectures</li>
<li>Experience with subscription management, usage-based billing, or financial reporting systems</li>
<li>Interest in financial infrastructure and how businesses manage their revenue operations</li>
<li>Direct leadership and mentorship experience</li>
</ul>