<div class="content-intro"><h2><strong>About Remote</strong></h2>
<div><span style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">Remote is solving modern organizations’ biggest challenge – navigating global employment compliantly with ease. We make it possible for businesses of all sizes to recruit, pay, and manage international teams. With our core values at heart and future focused work culture, our team works tirelessly on ambitious problems, asynchronously, around the world. You can find Remoters working from 6 different continents (Antarctica left to go!) and all of our positions are fully remote.<br><br><span class="discussion-id-2f7cb4da-dab4-8068-a80f-001c50b2d808 suggestion-update notion-enable-hover" data-token-index="0">With Innovation as one of the core values, we have built Automation and AI capabilities into the requirements for every role.</span><br><br>We encourage every member of the Remote team to bring their talents, experiences and culture to the table to help us build the best-in-class HR platform.</span></div>
<div>&nbsp;</div>
<div><span style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">If you are energetic, curious, motivated and ambitious, be part of our world. Apply now and define the future of work!</span></div></div><h2><strong>What this job can offer you</strong></h2>
<p>As a critical extension of our clients’ HR teams, we navigate and advise on the intricate paths of global employment with unmatched speed, expertise, and precision. The vision of the Lifecycle team at Remote is not just about maintaining the gold standard in HR practices; it’s about elevating it, integrating cutting-edge technology solutions, and enriching customer experiences in over 80+ countries. On this team, your work directly influences our ability to sustain and extend our compliance coverage, continuously enhance our customer journeys, and significantly increase our operational capacity. You’re not just part of a team; you’re at the forefront of shaping the future of work, ensuring every interaction is fast, intuitive, and profoundly impactful. Dive into a role where your passion for innovation, commitment to excellence, and drive to make a global difference aligns with our mission to empower organizations worldwide to employ anyone, anywhere — compliantly.</p>
<p>As <strong>Manager, Lifecycle: Occupational Health and Safety</strong> you will lead a team of Occupational Health &amp; Safety (OHS) specialists and Lifecycle coordinators and own the planning, implementation and service level of the team. Your role is hands-on, serving as both mentor and guide to your team while fostering their professional growth. You'll be actively involved in managing and resolving complex Occupational Health and Safety events across multiple international jurisdictions, to ensure a safe and healthy work environment for all Remote employees and prioritizing a superior employee experience for Remote’s clients and employees. Additionally you will also be responsible for overseeing the vendor invoicing and billing activities for Lifecycle Operations team with a focus on accurate and timely payment to our vendors and accurate invoicing to clients.</p>
<p>Reporting to the Senior Manager of Lifecycle Operations Contracts Management, this is an exciting time to join Remote and make a personal impact in the global employment space in our growing Lifecycle Operations team.</p>
<h2>What you bring</h2>
<ul>
<li>Experience of working in a fast-paced, international, scale-up environment</li>
<li>Hands-on people management experience, with a coaching mindset</li>
<li>You’re tech savvy and eager to adapt and iterate processes through technology</li>
<li>Passionate about accomplishing goals, you’ll be used to working in a service level environment, with an emphasis on continuous improvement and customer satisfaction</li>
<li>Startup and remote working experience would be a plus.</li>
<li>A growth and problem-solving mindset. You can shift tasks and priorities when circumstances change and do so quickly and effectively</li>
<li>Writes and speaks fluent English</li>
<li>It's not required to have experience working remotely, but considered a plus</li>
</ul>
<h2>Key Responsibilities</h2>
<ul>
<li>Serve as a subject matter expert and escalation point on all Occupational Health &amp; Safety related topics</li>
<li>Identify and provide guidance, coaching, and development opportunities to direct reports to build a high performance team.</li>
<li>Take full ownership of the recruitment, training, skills enhancement, mentoring, and supervision of the regional team to support their growth and development.</li>
<li>Collaborate efficiently across multiple domains, including but not limited to Operations, Product, Engineering, Legal and Customer Success, and with Lifecycle team internal stakeholders to effectively execute and enhance existing integrations, processes, workflows, iteration and standard operating procedures (SOPs) in alignment with Remote’s business objectives.</li>
<li>Lead the team through its next phase of growth and smart scale operations of the OHS team to support Remote’s multiple product streams.</li>
<li>Be an internal and external champion of Remote's values and Lifecycle team's goals.</li>
</ul>
<h2>Practicals</h2>
<ul>
<li><strong>You'll report to: Senior Manager Lifecycle: Contracts Management</strong></li>
<li><strong>Team:</strong> [Lifecycle Operations] - [Occupational Health &amp; Safety]</li>
<li><strong>Team size: 4</strong></li>
<li><strong>Location</strong>: For this position we welcome everyone to apply, but we will prioritise applications from the following locations as we encourage our teams to diversify;</li>
<li><strong>Start date:</strong> As soon as possible</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Application process</strong></h2>
<ol>
<li>Interview with recruiter</li>
<li>Interview with future manager</li>
<li>Interview with team members</li>
<li>Interview with Senior Director</li>
<li>Bar Raiser Interview</li>
<li><a href="https://www.notion.so/96e108c037b8423cbd4c3f07a1f9b38b?pvs=21">Prior employment verification check</a></li>
</ol>
<h2>&nbsp;</h2><div class="content-pay-transparency"><div class="pay-input"><div class="description"><p>Remote's <a href="https://www.notion.so/remotecom/people-Total-Rewards-1945bce8d3924ece9421ba8630f57b0c">Total Rewards philosophy</a> is to ensure fair, unbiased compensation and fair <span class="link-annotation-unknown-block-id-1691622878">equity</span><span class="discussion-level-1 discussion-id-f2a82bc4-09e4-4a71-ad93-755b1d26a690 notion-enable-hover" data-token-index="3"> pay </span>along with competitive benefits in all locations in which we operate. We do not agree to or encourage cheap-labor practices and therefore we ensure to pay above in-location rates. We hope to inspire other companies to support global talent-hiring and bring local wealth to developing countries.</p>
<p>At first glance our salary bands seem quite wide - here is some context. At Remote we have international operations and a globally distributed workforce.&nbsp; We use geo ranges to consider geographic pay differentials as part of our global compensation strategy to remain competitive in various markets while we hiring globally.<br><br>Our salary ranges are determined by role, level and location, and our job titles may span more than one career level. The actual base pay for the successful candidate in this role is dependent upon many factors such as location, transferable or job-related skills, work experience, relevant training, business needs, and market demands. The base salary range may be subject to change.<br><br><em data-stringify-type="italic">At Remote, we foster internal mobility as a key element of our culture of employee growth and development, supported by a compensation philosophy that guarantees pay equity and fairness. Therefore, all compensation changes associated with an internal move will be reviewed by the Total Rewards &amp; People Enablement team on a case by case basis.</em></p></div><div class="title">The annual salary range for this full-time position is</div><div class="pay-range"><span>$48,850</span><span class="divider">&mdash;</span><span>$109,900 USD</span></div></div></div><div class="content-conclusion"><h2><strong>Benefits</strong></h2>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section">
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">Our full benefits &amp; perks are explained in our handbook at&nbsp;<a class="c-link" href="http://remote.com/r/benefits" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="http://remote.com/r/benefits" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">remote.com/r/benefits</a>. As a global company, each country works differently, but some benefits/perks are for all Remoters:</span></div>
<ul class="p-rich\_text\_list p-rich\_text\_list\_\_bullet" data-stringify-type="unordered-list" data-indent="0" data-border="0">
<li style="font-size: 12pt;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">work from anywhere</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">flexible paid time off</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">flexible working hours (we are&nbsp;<a class="c-link" href="https://remote.com/async" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://www.notion.so/remotecom/Working-Async-at-Remote-80c01cd443ad4c77a8ceaef7c5fba5d0" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">async</a>)</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">16 weeks paid parental leave</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">mental health support services</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">stock options</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">learning budget</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">home office budget &amp; IT equipment</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">budget for local in-person social events or co-working spaces</span></li>
</ul>
</div>
<h2><strong>How you’ll plan your day (and life)</strong></h2>
<p><span style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">We work async at Remote which means you can plan your schedule around your life (and not around meetings). Read more at <a href="https://remote.com/async" target="\_blank">remote.com/async</a>.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">You will be empowered to take ownership and be proactive. When in doubt you will default to action instead of waiting. Your <strong>life-work balance</strong> is important and you will be encouraged to put yourself and your family first, and fit work around your needs.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">If that sounds like something you want, apply now!</span></p>
<h2><strong>How to apply</strong></h2>
<ol>
<li style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;"><span style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">Please fill out the form below and upload your CV with a PDF format.</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;"><span style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;"><strong data-stringify-type="bold">We kindly ask you to submit your application and CV in English, as this is the standardised language we use here at Remote.</strong></span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif; text-align: left;"><span style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">If you don’t have an up to date CV but you are still interested in talking to us, please feel free to add a copy of your LinkedIn profile instead.</span></li>
</ol>
<p><span style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">Not only do we encourage folks from all ethnic groups, genders, sexuality, age, abilities, disability status and any other under-represented group to apply, but we prioritize a sense of belonging. We have 4 ERGs (Women, Disability, Queer, Minorities in Tech) who meet regularly with the People team. During your interviews and beyond, we ask &amp; encourage anybody who needs an accommodation to request one from their recruiter.<br></span></p>
<p><span style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">We will ask you to voluntarily tell us your pronouns at interview stage, and you will have the option to answer our anonymous demographic questionnaire when you apply below. As an equal employment opportunity employer it’s important to us that our workforce reflects people of all backgrounds, identities, and experiences and this data will help us to stay accountable. We thank you for providing this data, if you chose to.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">At Remote, we embrace AI as a valuable tool while prioritizing human creativity and authenticity.&nbsp;We look forward to meeting candidates who balance innovation with genuine expertise and experience.&nbsp;To learn more about Remote's AI guidelines check see&nbsp;<a href="https://www.notion.so/remotecom/Guidelines-on-using-AI-when-applying-for-a-job-at-Remote-11ccb4dadab4805f80a7c73b6567bd8f" target="\_blank" data-saferedirecturl="https://www.google.com/url?q=https://www.notion.so/remotecom/Guidelines-on-using-AI-when-applying-for-a-job-at-Remote-11ccb4dadab4805f80a7c73b6567bd8f&amp;source=gmail&amp;ust=1733927526443000&amp;usg=AOvVaw2sIVooKuyGfRra1PtGXreV">here</a>.&nbsp;</span><br><br><span style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;"><em>Please note we accept applications on an ongoing basis.&nbsp;</em></span></p></div>