**OUR STORY:**

🇪🇺 Join Scaleway and shape the sovereign cloud of tomorrow !

Since 1999, we have been designing secure, sustainable infrastructures aimed at supporting the most ambitious companies.

Historically known for our dedicated servers (Dedibox), we made a strategic shift to cloud computing in 2015. Staying true to our principles of simplicity, flexibility, and technical excellence, we have become one of the leading players in Europe in the sector.

With the rise of artificial intelligence, we have strengthened our commitment, supported by the Iliad Group, which is investing €3 billion to develop a serious, sovereign AI alternative to American and Asian giants.

Every day, thanks to our fast-growing portfolio of cloud and AI products (bare metal, containerization, serverless, AI, etc.), Scaleway proudly serves thousands of customer across the private and public sector, from corporations like France Télévisions or Hachette Livre, to fast-growing startups like Photoroom and Biolevate, to institutions like the City of Copenhagen.

📍 Our offices are located in **Paris, Lille, Toulouse, Rennes, Rouen, Bordeaux and Lyon.**

**WHY WE NEED YOU?**

Our growth is driving us to strengthen our Partners & Alliances team to expand our partnerships landscape and strengthen our partner ecosystem.

Your mission will be to build and drive strategic collaboration with partners in order to build a joint business pipeline and accelerate revenue generation through trusted partnerships.

**YOUR FUTURE TEAM**

We work in a collaborative and international environment where the diversity of Scalers, combined with a spirit of sharing, helps bring new projects to life every day, advancing our ambitions together.

You will be part of a team of 6 people: 3 Partner Account Managers, 1 Partner Solution Architect, 1 Partner Marketing Manager, all led by the Head of Partners & Alliances.

This team is actively shaping Scaleway's partner ecosystem with a strong focus on value creation and long-term collaboration with consulting, build, and run partners.

**YOUR DAILY ROUTINE**

• Build and execute joint go-to-market strategies and business plans with partners

• Drive onboarding of new strategic partners and support them throughout the enablement journey

• Identify co-selling opportunities and manage a shared pipeline

• Collaborate closely with partner marketing and pre-sales to deliver value to partners

• Track partner performance, measure KPIs, and report regularly on progress

• Represent Scaleway at international partner events and key industry forums

• Work with internal stakeholders (sales, product, marketing) to align partner strategy with business goals

• Actively contribute to the evolution of Scaleway’s partner programs and tools

• Use Salesforce and PRM tools to monitor engagement and ensure operational excellence

**ABOUT YOU**

**HARDSKILLS**

• 5-10 years of experience in partner management or strategic alliances, ideally in the cloud or tech industry

• Proven track record working with partners

• Strong expertise in onboarding, enablement, and driving revenue with partners

• Ability to define and execute joint business plans and co-selling strategies

• Comfortable using Salesforce CRM and PRM tools to track activities and pipeline

**SOFTSKILLS**

• Strategic thinker with a strong sales and partnership mindset

• Excellent interpersonal and communication skills

• Strong professional network within the partner ecosystem

• Collaborative and solution-oriented approach

• High level of autonomy and proactiveness

**WHAT YOU WILL FIND AT SCALEWAY ++++**

**Hybrid work:**We offer up to 3 days of remote work per week.

**Offices:**Our offices are spacious, dynamic workspaces with bold design, conveniently located near public transport. Most of our offices feature outdoor spaces (terraces) and bike parking facilities.

**Dining:** Our chef provides a healthy meal service at the headquarters, and breakfast is available across all our sites year-round. Scalers working from regional sites enjoy a Swile card for lunches.

**Well-being commitments:** Whether it’s access to a gym, daycare places, or discounted services for caring services, Scaleway is committed to supporting Scalers in maintaining a balanced life.

**International environment:** With dozens of nationalities, Scaleway offers a stimulating environment where English is as widely spoken as French.

**Career & Mobility:**Our managers value internal mobility, and opportunities to transition to other entities within the Iliad Group are accessible to all Scalers.

**🚀 Why join the Scaleway adventure?**

✔ A rich and diverse product offering: Scaleway offers over 100 public cloud products in IaaS, PaaS, and AI.

✔ A cutting-edge technical environment: Scaleway provides modern infrastructures, including high-performance bare metal servers, to tackle exciting technical challenges.

✔ Commitment to responsible cloud: Scaleway is dedicated to a more responsible cloud, with data centers powered solely by renewable energy since 2017, minimizing our ecological footprint and holding top-level certification.

**🔜 THE NEXT STEPS …**

• First call with our Talent Acquisition team (30 min)

• Interview with the Head of Partners & Alliances to understand your technical skills and approach to the role

• Business case to validate your expertise

• In- person meting with the team and CSO

[Version française ici](https://job-desc.s3.fr-par.scw.cloud/CSO%20-%20Job%20Desc_Senior%20Partner%20Account%20Manager_Novembre_2025_FR.pdf)

*At Scaleway, we are committed to building an inclusive and respectful workplace where everyone has a fair opportunity to thrive.*

*All applications are considered with care, regardless of age, gender, sexual orientation, ethnic or social background, religion, disability, or any other characteristic.*

*We believe great ideas come from everywhere, and everyone which is why you should definitely apply.*