<p>We are seeking passionate and driven individuals with a strong foundation in computer science to join our team. In this role, you'll have the opportunity to design, build, and test software that enhances MongoDB products while solving complex technical challenges. You’ll collaborate with cross-functional teams, balance innovation with delivery, and contribute to features that empower our global community of users. Join us in a supportive and inclusive environment that values your unique perspective and fuels your growth.</p>
<p>We are looking to speak to candidates who are based in Dublin for our hybrid working model.</p>
<h3><strong>What we are looking for in you</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>In the process of receiving or having received a Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or a related field</li>
<li>Recent graduates (including Summer 2026) or professionals with up to 18 months of experience.</li>
<li>Have a foundation in computer science theory, with competencies in data structures, algorithms, and software design</li>
<li>Proficient in one of our commonly used languages which include C++, Go, Ruby, Python, Java, Javascript, Node.js, or comparable high level programming languages</li>
<li>Experience writing and testing software whether as part of an internship, in a personal project, in a coding competition, or for research</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>What you'll find at MongoDB</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Writing and testing software in commonly used high level programming languages, such as C++, Go, Ruby, Python, Java, Javascript, Node.js</li>
<li>Identifying, designing, testing, and supporting new features in MongoDB products, particularly utilizing competencies in data structures, algorithms, and software design</li>
<li>Leading software projects that help users maintain and understand their MongoDB deployments</li>
<li>Solving problems with context in mind, balancing the needs of the team with the desire to get to the bottom of issues</li>
<li>Maintaining a balance between delivering software and performing research and development</li>
<li>Working closely with cross functional teams to create end user features that deliver quality software to our clients</li>
<li>A fun community of fellow New Grads to attend social events, hangouts, and games nights</li>
<li>Membership within our Employee Resource Groups where you can gain mentorship and learning opportunities from employees with a shared background or common identity</li>
<li>A workplace culture where you are encouraged to bring your whole self to work - we believe that Embracing the Power of Differences is the best way to broaden our own perspectives and foster innovation</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>About Us</strong></h3>
<p>MongoDB is built for change, empowering our customers and our people to innovate at the speed of the market. We have redefined the database for the AI era, enabling innovators to create, transform, and disrupt industries with software. MongoDB’s unified database platform—the most widely available, globally distributed database on the market—helps organizations modernize legacy workloads, embrace innovation, and unleash AI. Our cloud-native platform, MongoDB Atlas, is the only globally distributed, multi-cloud database and is available across AWS, Google Cloud, and Microsoft Azure.<br><br>With offices worldwide and nearly 60,000 customers—including 75% of the Fortune 100 and AI-native startups—relying on MongoDB for their most important applications, we’re powering the next era of software.<br><br>Our compass at MongoDB is our <a href="https://www.mongodb.com/company">Leadership Commitment,</a> guiding how and why we make decisions, show up for each other, and win. It’s what makes us MongoDB. <br><br>To drive the personal growth and business impact of our employees, we’re committed to developing a supportive and enriching culture for everyone. <a href="https://www.mongodb.com/company/blog/culture/employee-benefits-that-make-a-difference-at-mongodb">From employee affinity groups, to fertility assistance and a generous parental leave policy</a>, we value our employees’ wellbeing and want to support them along every step of their professional and personal journeys. <a href="https://www.mongodb.com/blog/channel/culture">Learn more about what it’s like to work at MongoDB</a>, and help us make an impact on the world!<br><br>MongoDB is committed to providing any necessary accommodations for individuals with disabilities within our application and interview process. To request an accommodation due to a disability, please inform your Early Talent Recruiter.</p>
<p>MongoDB is an equal opportunities employer.</p>
<p><em>Req ID: 1273361981</em></p>