<p>Our mission at Duolingo is to develop the best education in the world and make it universally available. But we’ve got more left to do — and that's where you come in!</p>
<p>Duolingo is the most popular language-learning application in the world, with over 500 million users and over half a billion exercises completed daily. Beyond our core learning product, we have also entered into English proficiency testing with the<a href="https://englishtest.duolingo.com/home"> Duolingo English Test</a>, Math and now Music.&nbsp;</p>
<p>We are passionate about educating our users, making fact-based decisions, and finding innovative solutions to complex problems. We offer meaningful work, limitless learning opportunities, and collaboration with world-class minds. Come brighten your life and over half a billion more!</p>
<hr>
<p style="text-align: left;"><strong>About the role...</strong></p>
<p>Make the world’s most popular language-learning app famous in Turkey.</p>
<p>We are seeking an experienced, creative marketer to help us build awareness and accelerate our growth across Turkey. As our resident expert on the market, you will use your skills including social media, influencer marketing, PR, advertising, and high-impact local partnerships to drive awareness, build a loved brand and bring new users to Duolingo. A key part of your role will be identifying and activating strategic partnerships that unlock scale and cultural relevance - ideally through creative value exchange rather than paid media.</p>
<p>Reporting to the Country Marketing Director Germany, you will partner closely with Global Marketing and Product teams in Pittsburgh, New York, and Country Marketing Managers around the world to find opportunities and come up with new, creative tactics and campaigns relevant to the Turkish consumer.&nbsp;</p>
<p>We want a creative leader with deep consumer understanding and proven experience in devising campaigns that drive buzz, growth and earned media with expertise in Social, creative marketing and PR. As a member of a geographically distributed organization, the ideal candidate will not only be an outstanding, self-motivated creative talent, but also a proactive and team-oriented communicator.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>🧠&nbsp; You will...</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Leverage market insights to develop a marketing strategy to grow Duolingo’s awareness, brand love and expand the number of users in Turkey</li>
<li>Hire and lead agencies or contractors required to deliver the marketing plan</li>
<li>Implement the plan with a focus on social media, strategic partnerships (with brands, institutions, creators, platforms and communities), brand, acquisition campaigns and PR.</li>
<li>Proactively identify, pitch and negotiate high-impact partnership opportunities that drive awareness and user growth - with a strong emphasis on earned, barter or value-exchange collaborations rather than paid sponsorships.</li>
<li>Act as a local spokesperson sourcing and managing speaking opportunities in Turkey for yourself and relevant executives</li>
<li>Analyze the results of the local marketing efforts and adjust the plan</li>
<li>Partner with Marketing and Product teams to develop localized product messaging and positioning for feature and product launches</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>✅&nbsp; You have...<br></strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Experience in conceiving, developing, and leading all aspects of Marketing and PR communication ideas throughout their full cycle</li>
<li>Culturally clued up and immersed in trends in particular with Social Media. You understand what Turkish consumers care about now and craft ideas that will capture attention.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Track record of achieving great results with ideas rather than large budgets</li>
<li>Storyteller, with writing skills and the creativity to build compelling customer-centric narratives</li>
<li>5+ years of consumer marketing experience with a strong focus on social media and growth marketing</li>
<li>Experience working as part of a remote team, building strong HQ relationships and influencing effectively for local market needs</li>
<li>Proficient in Turkish with excellent English speaking and writing skills</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>⭐&nbsp; Exceptional candidates will have...<br></strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Passion for our mission to make high-quality language learning accessible to everyone</li>
<li>Experience with mobile apps and subscription services</li>
<li>Experience successfully scaling international brands in Turkey</li>
<li>Proficient in a 3rd language&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Please note that this is a remote position based in Turkey. If you're passionate about marketing and excited about the opportunity to shape Duolingo's growth in Turkey, we'd love to hear from you!</strong></p>
<hr><div class="content-conclusion"><p class="Z7ph2">Take a peek at how we care for our employees' holistic well-being with our benefits<a class="Z7ph2" href="https://careers.duolingo.com/#benefits">&nbsp;here</a>.</p>
<p class="Z7ph2">We will do everything we can within reason to make sure that your interview takes place in an environment that fairly and accurately assesses your skills. If you need assistance or accommodation, please contact&nbsp;<a class="Z7ph2" href="mailto:accommodations@duolingo.com" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="mailto:accommodations@duolingo.com" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">accommodations@duolingo.com</a>.</p>
<p class="Z7ph2">Duolingo is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, gender (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics.</p>
<p class="Z7ph2">By applying for this position your data will be processed as per the<a class="Z7ph2" href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vTX9GKeRMOMA9Vtm0vfGibrYPYz8ysl0Dg8KSXgj\_PxeT5ChsdnNZZWtpxu4t7xillTPGnngnKCjIbV/pub">&nbsp;Duolingo Applicant Privacy Notice</a>.</p>
<p class="Z7ph2">Unfortunately, there is a rise in scammers pretending to be real Duolingo employees. Duolingo and our employees will never ask for your Social Security number, bank details, or passport info, and we’ll never ask you to deposit a check, purchase equipment, or exchange money during the interview process. Real Duolingo employees always use an email that ends in&nbsp;<strong>@duolingo.com</strong>&nbsp;or&nbsp;<strong>@recruiting.duolingo.com</strong>. Stay alert and double-check these details before sharing any information.</p>
<p class="Z7ph2">Sign up for job alerts&nbsp;<a href="http://my.greenhouse.io/users/sign\_in?job\_board=duolingo">here</a>.</p></div>