At BeReal, we are dedicated to authenticity in social media. By encouraging users to share unfiltered moments, we foster genuine connections and celebrate real life. We are now an international team of 70+ and have 40M+ monthly active users. Backed by Voodoo, our team is fully focused on scaling BeReal into an iconic social network used by hundreds of millions.

**Team**

We're looking for someone to join and lead some of our most strategic advertising partners in creating world-class creatives on BeReal. You’ll be a top-notch creative and strategic thinker to help brands achieve business performance and do things never before done. You’ll work directly with the Head of Sales in Japan to drive business growth in the region.

## Role

- Creative Designing:Edit and modify assets provided by advertisers and brands for BeReal - Skills Needed: Figma, After effects, Photoshop
- Creative Consulting: Provide consultation and create mockups for creatives to be distributed on BeReal, taking into account the business challenges of advertisers and brands - KPI: Revenue from advertisers to whom we proposed the creative mockups
- Create Best Practices: Develop data-driven and creative-driven solutions by analyzing campaign results. - KPI: # of best practice decks created.
- Creator/Influencer collaboration: Work with the Japanese sales team to create best practices for influencer campaigns.
- Influence the partners:Conduct workshops and webinars towards advertisers, agencies, and partners. - KPI: Number of creative seminars held.
- Onboard and manage production company/vendor to create and edit assets

## Profile

- 8+ years of digital marketing experience within an agency, platform or brand environment, or transferable skills. Social media mobile experience is a strong plus.
- Experience making creative proposals to advertisers and brands based on mockups
- The ability to create mockups is a must. Being able to draw is a strong plus.
- Someone who can respect the opinions of the sales team while showcasing their own creativity to make the best proposals.
- An entrepreneurial mindset that’s equally strong in ideation and execution
- A passion for, and experience influencing, visually-led, business-driving creative work
- A high degree of creativity, self-motivation, and drive.