**About Synapticure**

As a patient and caregiver-founded company, Synapticure provides instant access to expert neurologists, cutting-edge treatments and trials, and wraparound care coordination and behavioral health support in all 50 states through a virtual care platform. Partnering with providers and health plans, including CMS' new GUIDE dementia care model, Synapticure is dedicated to transforming the lives of millions of individuals and their families living with neurodegenerative diseases like Alzheimer’s, Parkinson’s and ALS.

**About the Role**

The Care Navigator is a direct support to people affected by neurodegenerative diseases. This person oversees the relationship, enrollment, documentation and care experience of patients through the Synapticure program as well as the development of the Care Coordination team workflows and processes in collaboration with your peers and other leaders. Applicants should be passionate about the power of involving patient voices in their care experiences and outcomes, and should thrive on direct patient support, particularly for vulnerable populations. Our most successful Care Navigators are thoughtful, organized, curious, compassionate, and empathetic. They value the opportunity to positively impact patients’ lives and to improve continually. Most of all, they are eager to help shape a program from inception and are comfortable with growth, change, and evolution in service of the neurodegenerative community.

## Job Duties - What you'll be doing

- Establishes and manages compassionate relationships with and serves as the primary point of contact for patients with neurodegenerative diseases and their caregivers
- Adhering to HIPAA guidelines and standards, executes on patient care plans, and provides ongoing patient support in order to coordinate connections to neurology experts, genetic experts, and various referral resources
- Provides basic health education including information about diagnosis, treatment and care options, and research opportunities.
- Maintains accountability to ensure high quality standards in client and partner interactions ensuring the highest levels of privacy and confidentiality.
- Develops and adheres to standardized processes including operating procedures, quality assurance and documentation, in order to create high levels of efficiencies and effectiveness.
- Maintains positive and effective relationships within the multidisciplinary Care Coordination and broader Synapticure team to ensure a streamlined and supportive experience for patients. Collaborates with internal teams to ensure appropriate representation of Synapticure to external audiences.
- Nurtures and maintains positive and effective relationships with medical and community partners.
- Maintains working knowledge of research development and other trends and advances in neurodegenerative diagnoses, treatment and care. Speaks expertly internally and externally about the program and company.

## Requirements - What we look for in you

- Bachelor’s degree in a related field
- 2+ years experience in direct case or care management in the healthcare setting.
- Comfortable using technology to support members without in-person contact (telephone and text etiquette, virtual visit platforms, etc.)
- Excellent verbal and written communications, organizational skills, and interpersonal skills to work effectively in a diverse team
- Understanding of how to use scheduling platforms to ensure accurate appointment scheduling and management
- Understanding of how to use electronic health record systems and/or care facilitation platforms to ensure accurate documentation
- Proficient in collecting member clinical and demographic data and documenting appropriately in a timely manner
- Strong problem solving skills - can make difficult decisions and knows when to collaborate with other team members
- Able to provide creative solutions to challenges within the healthcare system that are impeding optimization of members’ care and health
- Growth and learning mentality, ability to think outside the box, go outside the bounds of “traditional” responsibilities
- Adaptable to change and prepared for frequent, fast-paced changes and shifting priorities
- Ability to establish cooperative working relationships with patients, teammates, and health care and community service providers

## We’re founded by a patient and caregiver, and we’re a remote-first company. This means our values are at the heart of everything we do, and while we’re located all across the country, these principles are what tie us together around a common identity:

- *Relentless focus on patients and caregivers.* We are determined to provide an exceptional experience for every patient we have the privilege to serve, and we put our patients first in everything we do.
- *Embody the spirit and humanity of those living with neurodegenerative disease.* Inspired by our founders, families and personal experiences, we recognize the seriousness of our patients’ circumstances, and meet that challenge every day with empathy, compassion, kindness, joy, and most importantly – with hope.
- *Seek to understand, and stay curious*. We start by listening to one another, our partners, our patients and their caregivers. We communicate with authenticity and humility, prioritizing honesty and directness while recognizing we always have something to learn.
- *Embrace the opportunity.* We are energized by the importance of our mission, and bias toward action.

## Benefits for full-time employees

- Remote-first design with work from home stipend
- Competitive compensation with an annual bonus opportunity
- 401(k) with matching contribution from day 1
- Medical, Dental and Vision coverage for you and your family
- Life insurance and Disability
- Generous sick leave and paid time off
- Fast growth company with opportunities to progress in your career

**Preferred Qualifications**

Experience with clinical care of patients with neurodegenerative diseases

Bilingual, with verbal and written fluency in Spanish to support a diverse population of patients and caregivers

**Travel Requirements:**This position is fully remote, and we provide the necessary technology to work from home. Occasional travel to our headquarters in Chicago, IL and/or other locations may be expected.

**Salary and Benefits:** Position is full time/non-exempt with competitive compensation and benefits package including health insurance offering. Salary range for this role is competitive depending on the candidate’s level of experience