### **Proper AI is an AI-first accounting service built for property managers and real estate operators.**

By combining automation, technology, and a global team of accounting experts, we deliver faster, more accurate financial operations at scale.

We’re a team of builders, problem-solvers, and operators from around the world, working together to modernize one of the most critical functions in real estate.

Learn more at [Proper.ai](http://proper.ai)

**We’re seeking a Senior Accountant to join our team.**

We are currently seeking an experienced  Senior Accountant to join our finance team. The role will be responsible for managing a variety of accounting processes and teams, ensuring accuracy, compliance, and efficiency in financial reporting and reconciliations. This role is critical in supporting the organization’s financial framework, providing expert management of high-volume transactions, and maintaining positive client relations.

Proper is a San Francisco based tech startup. **This position will be based remotely in Colombia.**

**Accounting Operations Department**

The accounting department is the engine of the company that provides the property management accounting services to clients of Proper. They perform every day accounting functions like payables and receivables, to monthly processes that flow into the final financial statements for the end users.

## Roles and Responsabilities

- Financial Reporting and Reconciliations: Oversee the preparation and accuracy of financial statements and reports; ensure all financial reporting deadlines are met.
- Management of Accounting Processes: Supervise daily operations, including ledger maintenance, receivables, payables, and monthly closures.
- Team Leadership: Manage and mentor a team of junior accountants, promoting professional growth and ensuring high performance.
- Client Relations: Act as the primary financial contact for clients, addressing inquiries, solving problems, and explaining complex financial information via client meetings and email correspondence
- Technical and Quality Assurance: Conduct technical skills assessments and quality control checks to uphold the highest standards of financial integrity.
- Strategic Financial Projects: Participate in strategic projects, including systems upgrades and process optimizations, aimed at enhancing operational efficiency.

## Required Qualifications

- Education: Bachelor’s degree in Accounting, Finance, or related field.
- Experience: Minimum of 5-7 years of accounting experience with at least 2 years in a supervisory role.
- Certifications: CPA or similar certification highly preferred.
- Skills:
- Profound knowledge of accounting principles, practices, standards, laws, and regulations.
- High attention to detail and accuracy in handling and reporting financial data.
- Excellent leadership and team management skills.
- Strong communication and interpersonal skills for managing client relationships.
- Advanced english proficiency

## Preferred Qualifications

- Experience with accounting software and systems.
- Advanced degree or further certification in accounting or finance.

*Proper is proud to be an equal opportunity employer committed to creating a diverse environment to work by offering the same opportunities to all applicants regardless of gender, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, disability, national origins, marital status, or other characteristics. We base our talent search exclusively on competencies, abilities and potential.*