<p>
  <strong>Headquarters:</strong> Madrid (Remote) / Spain / Brazil (Remote) / Argentina (Remote) / Montevideo (Remote)
</p>

<div class="content"><div class="section-wrapper page-full-width"><div class="section page-centered"><div><span>Why should you join dLocal?</span></div><div><br></div><div><span>dLocal enables the biggest companies in the world to collect payments in 40 countries in emerging markets. Global brands rely on us to increase conversion rates and simplify payment expansion effortlessly. As both a payments processor and a merchant of record where we operate, we make it possible for our merchants to make inroads into the world’s fastest-growing, emerging markets.&nbsp;</span></div><div><br></div><div><span>By joining us you will be a part of an amazing global team that makes it all happen, in a flexible, remote-first dynamic culture with travel, health and learning benefits, among others. Being a part of dLocal means working with 1000+ teammates from 30+ different nationalities and developing an international career that impacts millions of people’s daily lives. We are builders, we never run from a challenge, we are customer-centric, and if this sounds like you, we know you will thrive in our team.</span></div><div><br></div><div><br></div><div><br></div><div><br></div><div><b>What’s the opportunity?</b><span>&nbsp;</span></div><div><br></div><div>This role calls for a product manager with a strong ability to deliver solutions that align with customer needs, regulatory standards, and strategic business goals.</div><div><br></div><div>The ideal candidate should have proven experience in financial or payments products and a strong background in product management, specifically in delivering scalable, secure and innovative products for the payments or financial services industry. </div></div><div class="section page-centered"><div><h3>What will I be doing?</h3><ul class="posting-requirements plain-list"><ul><li><b>Co-create and align the Data team's product vision, strategy, and roadmap</b> with overall company goals, collaborating closely with engineering.</li><li><b>Lead collaboration with engineering and product teams</b> to ensure successful delivery and adoption of your data products.</li><li><b>Manage stakeholder relationships</b>, translating business needs into actionable data solutions.</li><li><b>Define and analyze success metrics</b> to measure the impact and value of data products.</li><li><b>Optimize the data product backlog</b>, prioritizing initiatives based on business impact, technical feasibility, and cost-benefit.</li><li><b>Solve complex data problems</b>, ensuring data quality, integrity, and governance in partnership with Data Engineering.</li></ul></ul></div></div><div class="section page-centered"><div><h3>What skills do I need?</h3><ul class="posting-requirements plain-list"><ul><li>Proven experience as a Product Manager building data solutions such as Financial reconciliation reports.</li><li>Executive performance dashboards.</li><li>Data APIs or consumption-ready datasets for self-service analytics.</li><li>Data pipelines/datasets for key business processes (e.g., fraud, risk). </li><li>Strong problem-solving mindset, focusing on clear problem definition before solution.</li><li>Participation in high-impact projects within business areas.</li><li>Understanding of data-oriented architectures and analytical modeling.</li><li>Experience with data products for internal/external clients, including technical/platform products. </li><li>Fluency in English is mandatory for effective global collaboration.</li><li>Mandatory SQL skills for data querying and analysis.</li><div><br></div><div><b>Nice to Have:</b></div><li>Spanish is desirable</li><li>Experience with cloud platforms like AWS and GCP</li><li>Experience with Data Governance initiatives</li><li>Experience with Databricks</li></ul></ul></div></div><div class="section page-centered"><div><span>What do we offer?</span></div><div><br></div><div>Besides the tailored benefits we have for each country, dLocal will help you thrive and go that extra mile by offering you:</div><div>- Remote work: work from anywhere or one of our offices around the globe!*</div><div>- Flexibility: we have flexible schedules and we are driven by performance.</div><div>- Fintech industry: work in a dynamic and ever-evolving environment, with plenty to build and boost your creativity.</div><div>- Referral bonus program: our internal talents are the best recruiters - refer someone ideal for a role and get rewarded.</div><div>- Learning &amp; development: get access to a Premium Coursera subscription.</div><div>- Language classes: we provide free English, Spanish, or Portuguese classes.</div><div>- Social budget: you'll get a monthly budget to chill out with your team (in person or remotely) and deepen your connections!</div><div>- dLocal Houses: want to rent a house to spend one week anywhere in the world coworking with your team? We’ve got your back!</div><div><br></div><div>*For people based in Montevideo (Uruguay) applying to non-IT roles, 55% monthly attendance to the office is required</div><div><br></div><div><br></div><div><span>What happens after you apply?</span></div><div>Our Talent Acquisition team is invested in creating the best candidate experience possible, so don’t worry, you will definitely hear from us. We will review your CV and keep you posted by email at every step of the process!</div><div><br></div><div>Also, you can check out our&nbsp;<a href="https://t.lever-analytics.com/email-link?dest=https%3A%2F%2Fdlocal.com%2F&amp;eid=aef21020-4dcd-46c4-9847-95ccd3651332&amp;idx=1&amp;token=rqc7gOyvQkQ91DDUfVxbdQLVTfQ">webpage</a>,&nbsp;<a href="https://t.lever-analytics.com/email-link?dest=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.linkedin.com%2Fcompany%2Fdlocal%2F&amp;eid=aef21020-4dcd-46c4-9847-95ccd3651332&amp;idx=2&amp;token=0eI_Z5HRCSV966dZjpsae-VX3dw">Linkedin</a>,&nbsp;<a href="https://t.lever-analytics.com/email-link?dest=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.instagram.com%2Fdlocalteam%2F&amp;eid=aef21020-4dcd-46c4-9847-95ccd3651332&amp;idx=3&amp;token=wAtqLN_rY3KGURUwXWWs7FFRUp8">Instagram</a>, and&nbsp;<a href="https://t.lever-analytics.com/email-link?dest=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.youtube.com%2Fc%2FdLocalPayments&amp;eid=aef21020-4dcd-46c4-9847-95ccd3651332&amp;idx=4&amp;token=ldItr6wwoy9FP2UZu32oh3E27W4">Youtube</a>&nbsp;for more about dLocal!</div></div></div></div>

<p><strong>To apply:</strong> <a href="https://weworkremotely.com/remote-jobs/dlocal-sr-data-product-manager">https://weworkremotely.com/remote-jobs/dlocal-sr-data-product-manager</a></p>