**At NordLayer, we’re building cybersecurity that scales with the business.**

A toggle-ready platform that helps modern teams thrive—without the security headaches. Trusted by 11,000+ global companies, NordLayer plugs into any tech stack and protects users across borders.

**Your impact?** Helping businesses stay protected and moving forward with future-ready network security.

**The Infrastructure department** is responsible for influencing and tracking change, providing frontline support, and delivering software-defined solutions.

The **DevOps Engineer** plays a key role in maintaining, improving, and automating the organization’s infrastructure and CI/CD processes. You will collaborate with Senior Engineers and cross-functional teams to implement DevOps best practices, support reliable and scalable cloud solutions, and ensure efficient software delivery. This is an exciting opportunity to grow in a dynamic environment while contributing to infrastructure automation and improvement initiatives.

## Main Responsibilities

- Implement and maintain Infrastructure as Code (IaC) using **Terraform.**
- Develop, manage, and optimize**Terraform modules.**
- Manage and optimize **AWS Cloud** infrastructure, ensuring performance, scalability, and availability requirements are met.
- Assist in implementing and maintaining monitoring and logging systems (e.g., ELK, Grafana, Thruk).
- Provide technical support for infrastructure, CI/CD pipelines, and deployment processes.
- Troubleshoot and resolve infrastructure-related issues, ensuring smooth operations.
- Document and maintain DevOps workflows, processes, and system configurations.

## Core Requirements

- Hands-on experience (5+ years) in a DevOps, Cloud, or Infrastructure Engineering role.
- Proven experience with AWS cloud services (e.g., EC2, ECS, S3, RDS, IAM, VPC).  An understanding of core cloud and networking concepts is considered a plus.
- Practical experience with Infrastructure as Code (IaC), primarily using Terraform. Knowledge of configuration management tools such as Ansible is a plus.
- Experience designing, maintaining, and troubleshooting CI/CD pipelines using tools like GitLab CI, Jenkins, or similar.
- Working knowledge of containerization and orchestration, including Docker.  Knowledge of Kubernetes (K8s) is a plus.
- Ability to automate tasks and workflows using scripting languages (e.g., Bash, Python).
- Experience with monitoring, logging, and observability tools (e.g., Grafana, Prometheus, ELK, OpenTelemetry) and participation in incident response or operational support.

## Salary Ranges (Gross)

- 23 300 - 34 000 PLN/month

About Us Nord Security is a global leader in internet privacy and security solutions and Lithuania’s second tech unicorn. Established in 2012, Nord Security now has more than 1400 employees and serves millions of users worldwide. Our team has a global mission to shape a more secure and peaceful online future for people everywhere. With that in mind, we built several advanced cybersecurity solutions: NordVPN, NordLayer, NordLocker, NordPass, NordProtect, NordStellar, and Saily. NordLayer is an adaptive network access security solution for modern businesses developed by the standard of NordVPN. We help organizations of all sizes enhance their internet security and modernize network and resource access with technical improvements aligning with the best regulatory compliance standards. Helping organizations to adopt ZTNA principles, NordLayer is focused on the Security Service Edge of cybersecurity services. Quick and easy to integrate with existing infrastructure, hardware-free, and designed with ease of scale in mind, NordLayer meets the varying growth pace and ad-hoc cybersecurity requirements of agile businesses and distributed workforces today. And we’re always looking to expand our team of: • Future shapers • Restless achievers • Self-movers • Honest communicators • Team players What We Offer • Access to Nord Security products. We build solutions used by millions of users worldwide, and you’ll get to experience our products firsthand; • Professional growth. Internal and external events, online training, conferences, books - everything you need to reach full potential; • Health benefits. Private health insurance, online and on-site workouts, consultations to feel and be your best; • Mental wellbeing. Access to mental health tools like Calm, Headspace, and Mindletic. Options for therapy to keep your emotional wellbeing in check; • Team spirit. Team buildings and parties with games, shows, tastings, food coupons, gifts, and it’s on us; • More free time. Stay with us and additional vacation days will be added to your calendar; • Additional paid leave. Additional days are covered by us in cases of illness or special occasions; • Flexibility. Flexible working time arrangement. Kindly refer to our Privacy Notice for Recruitment Candidates for comprehensive information regarding our data handling procedures throughout recruitment processes: https://bit.ly/3urJdOL

**About Us**

**Nord Security** is a global leader in internet privacy and security solutions and Lithuania’s second tech unicorn. Established in 2012, Nord Security now has more than 1400 employees and serves millions of users worldwide. Our team has a global mission to shape a more secure and peaceful online future for people everywhere. With that in mind, we built several advanced cybersecurity solutions: **NordVPN, NordLayer, NordLocker, NordPass, NordProtect, NordStellar, and Saily.**

**NordLayer** is an adaptive network access security solution for modern businesses developed by the standard of NordVPN.

We help organizations of all sizes enhance their internet security and modernize network and resource access with technical improvements aligning with the best regulatory compliance standards. Helping organizations to adopt ZTNA principles, NordLayer is focused on the Security Service Edge of cybersecurity services.

Quick and easy to integrate with existing infrastructure, hardware-free, and designed with ease of scale in mind, NordLayer meets the varying growth pace and ad-hoc cybersecurity requirements of agile businesses and distributed workforces today.

And we’re always looking to expand our team of:

• Future shapers

• Restless achievers

• Self-movers

• Honest communicators

• Team players

**What We Offer**

• **Access to Nord Security products.** We build solutions used by millions of users worldwide, and you’ll get to experience our products firsthand;

• **Professional growth.** Internal and external events, online training, conferences, books - everything you need to reach full potential;

• **Health benefits.** Private health insurance, online and on-site workouts, consultations to feel and be your best;

• **Mental wellbeing.** Access to mental health tools like Calm, Headspace, and Mindletic. Options for therapy to keep your emotional wellbeing in check;

• **Team spirit.** Team buildings and parties with games, shows, tastings, food coupons, gifts, and it’s on us;

• **More free time.** Stay with us and additional vacation days will be added to your calendar;

• **Additional paid leave.** Additional days are covered by us in cases of illness or special occasions;

• **Flexibility.** Flexible working time arrangement.

*Kindly refer to our Privacy Notice for Recruitment Candidates for comprehensive information regarding our data handling procedures throughout recruitment processes:* <https://bit.ly/3urJdOL>

**What We Offer**

**Innovate with industry leaders**

Work alongside global experts to build world-leading cybersecurity tools, impacting millions of users around the world.

**Learn & grow**

Boost your skills via our extensive training programs (online and offline) & other resources. Benefit from mentorship and career-switch opportunities to grow within the company.

**Hybrid work**

Enjoy the flexibility with 3 office days and working from home for the remaining 2.

**Work from anywhere**

Recharge with a change of scenery – choose work from any location when you feel a need to power your creativity and drive.

**Physical well-being**

Fuel your active lifestyle with online workouts led by our Physical Well-Being experts. Unlock a variety of sports and wellness facilities, like gyms, swimming pools, and fitness classes, with the Multisport card.

**Mental & emotional health**

Nurture your mind with free psychologist consultations, dedicated mental health events, and premium access to top-rated wellness apps like Calm, Headspace, and Mindletic.

**Premium healthcare**

Receive private health insurance giving you peace of mind for your health needs.

**Joyful moments – special treats**

Celebrate life’s big moments with special gifts from us on your birthday, anniversary, and other major events, such as weddings or the arrival of a new family member.

**Company events & team-building**

Experience iconic Nord Security celebrations, team-buildings, and knowledge-sharing events, nurturing bonds that fuel our success.

**Workation**

Embark on a legendary company getaway abroad, filled with exciting activities, live concerts, engaging workshops, and epic time together.

*Kindly refer to our Privacy Notice for Recruitment Candidates for comprehensive information regarding our data handling procedures throughout recruitment processes:* <https://bit.ly/40GWyjL>

*We expect all candidates to provide accurate and complete information during the recruitment process. While limited use of AI tools to refine application materials is acceptable, candidates remain fully responsible for ensuring that their submissions reflect their own qualifications, skills, and experience. Any failure to do so may negatively affect participation in the recruitment process. If broader AI assistance is allowed for a particular role or stage, we’ll let you know in advance.*

*By submitting your application, you acknowledge that it may be processed using automated tools for evaluation purposes. As part of our recruitment process, we may use an AI-based application review tool to help assess applications based on skills and experience relevant to the role. This technology is used to support - not replace - human decision-making, and every application is ultimately reviewed by a recruiter.*

*If you would like more information about how AI is used in this process or wish to exercise your rights under applicable data privacy laws, please contact us at [privacy@nordaccount.com](mailto:privacy@nordaccount.com). Should you prefer to opt out of the automated evaluation, please submit your application directly to [career@nordsec.com](mailto:career@nordsec.com).*