<div class="content-intro"><p class="sc-gEkIjz cjtSrT MuiTypography-root MuiTypography-body1 sc-hoLEA">Raisin is the world's leading platform for savings and investment products. Founded in 2012, the&nbsp;<strong>FinTech</strong> connects consumers with banks in the EU, the UK and the US. This gives consumers <strong>better interest rates</strong> and banks a <strong>diversified form of refinancing</strong>. Our vision is to offer savings and investments without barriers and thus open up the global 160 trillion euro market.</p>
<p class="sc-gEkIjz cjtSrT MuiTypography-root MuiTypography-body1 sc-hoLEA">Raisin currently employs more than 800 people from over 75 countries worldwide. Today, the platform holds over 80 billion euros in assets from&nbsp;<strong>more than one million investors</strong> which have accrued over 5 billion euros in returns.</p></div><p><span style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0);"><strong>Team</strong></span></p>
<p>The Controlling and Finance team at Raisin is a dynamic group focused on the financial oversight of our parent entity, Raisin SE, and its German subsidiaries. The team reports to the Team Lead Controlling and maintains a high level of cross-functional interaction and coordination with colleagues across the entire organization to ensure financial transparency and strategic alignment.</p>
<p><strong>Your Responsibilities</strong></p>
<ul>
<li data-path-to-node="4,0,0">Supporting the preparation of timely and accurate monthly, quarterly, and annual financial reports according to IFRS.</li>
<li data-path-to-node="4,1,0">Providing ad hoc analysis to finance stakeholders across the group.</li>
<li data-path-to-node="4,2,0">Contributing to the development and optimization of the controlling and internal reporting systems landscape.</li>
<li data-path-to-node="4,3,0">Assisting in the evaluation of internal financial processes and internal control systems.</li>
<li data-path-to-node="4,4,0">Developing finance business partnering, specifically for People Operations, Marketing, and IT.</li>
<li data-path-to-node="4,5,0">Coordinating capitalization projects for internally developed IT products.</li>
<li data-path-to-node="4,6,0">Assisting auditors in the successful execution of internal and external audits.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Your Profile</strong></p>
<ul>
<li data-path-to-node="7,0,0">A completed degree in Business Administration or a related field with a strong focus on Finance and Accounting.</li>
<li data-path-to-node="7,0,0">3 to 5 years of relevant experience as a Financial Controller, Management Accountant, or Senior Accountant.</li>
<li data-path-to-node="7,2,0">Strong expertise in German Commercial Code accounting standards (HGB).</li>
<li data-path-to-node="7,3,0">Knowledge of IFRS (preferred but not required).</li>
<li data-path-to-node="7,4,0">Practical experience in group reporting, consolidation, and the preparation of consolidated financial statements.</li>
<li data-path-to-node="7,5,0">High IT affinity and advanced proficiency in MS Office, GSuite, and ERP systems (ideally Oracle NetSuite).</li>
<li data-path-to-node="7,6,0">Strong analytical thinking and a structured, independent approach to work.</li>
<li data-path-to-node="7,7,0">Excellent communication skills with the ability to explain complex financial contexts clearly.</li>
<li data-path-to-node="7,8,0">Advanced financial modeling skills.</li>
<li data-path-to-node="7,9,0">The ability to thrive in a fast paced environment where accuracy and problem solving are essential.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Join our mission, join our team – and grow with us!</strong></p>
<p>At Raisin, we care about each other and it is one of our top priorities to foster an open and caring environment in which everyone feels welcome and comfortable. Our culture is strongly driven by our ambitious team, which connects more than 75 different nationalities.</p>
<p>As part of our team, you will benefit from:</p>
<ul>
<li>Employee Development Budget of €2,000 and four full training days per year.</li>
<li>Flexible working hours, home office and 30 vacation days.</li>
<li>A company pension scheme (Betriebliche Altersvorsorge), which we support with 20%.</li>
<li>Enjoy more than 50+ different sports with Urban Sports Club: We subsidize your membership with more than €20 per month.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Do you miss being in the office? The Deutschland Ticket gets you there, which we subsidize with €25 per month.</li>
<li>Love cycling? With JobRad, lease the bike of your choice and enjoy tax savings, plus Raisin covers your monthly insurance costs.</li>
<li>Hungry all the time? Snacks, daily fresh fruit as well as drinks provided at the office.</li>
<li>You are moving from another country or city to join us? We may support your relocation.</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><p><a href="https://www.raisin.com/corporate/raisin-applicant-privacy-policy/"><em>Raisin Applicant Privacy Policy</em></a></p>
<p data-start="728" data-end="900">We value diversity and the unique experiences each individual brings. If you’re excited about this role but don’t meet every requirement, we still encourage you to apply.</p>
<p data-start="907" data-end="1013">We are an equal opportunity employer and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for everyone, regardless of race, colour, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, or gender identity.</p></div>