<div class="content-intro"><div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
<div>
<p>At Cloudflare, we are on a mission to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers millions of websites and other Internet properties for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.&nbsp;</p>
<p>At Cloudflare, we’re not looking for people who wait for a polished roadmap; we’re looking for the builders who see the cracks in the Internet that everyone else has simply learned to live with. We value candidates who have the instinct to spot a "normalized" problem and the AI-native curiosity to create a solution using the latest tools. Our culture is built on iteration, leveraging AI to ship faster today to make it better tomorrow, while ensuring that every improvement, no matter how small, is shared across the team to lift everyone up. If you’re the type of person who values curiosity over bureaucracy, and that AI is a partner in solving tough problems to keep the Internet moving forward, you’ll fit right in.</p>
</div></div><h3><strong>Available Location: San Francisco/Bay Area, CA<br></strong></h3>
<hr>
<p><strong>About the Digital Native Segment:&nbsp;<br></strong></p>
<p>Digital Native SEs at Cloudflare work with the most innovative and cutting-edge companies. In targeting high-growth, technologically advanced, Cloud native, Enterprise companies, SEs are positioned to drive in-depth product discussions while communicating and demonstrating value quickly to customers. &nbsp;This role within the digital native segment focuses on both the acquisition of prospective Digital Native accounts, as well as the expansion of existing customer accounts. &nbsp;The ideal candidate will be a “builder” that have both a sales and technical background that enables them to drive customer engagement from technical professionals through to senior executive levels, and across Security, Network, Development and Infrastructure teams.<strong><br><br>What you'll do as a Senior Solutions Engineer</strong></p>
<p>The Pre-Sales Solution Engineering organization owns the technical sales of the Cloudflare solution portfolio, ensuring maximal business value, fit-for-purpose solution design and adoption roadmap for our customers. Solution Engineering is made up of individuals from a wide range of backgrounds including but not limited to Sales Consultants, Technical Consultants, Technical Support and Program Managers.&nbsp;</p>
<p>You are a customer facing technologist within the Cloudflare Solutions Engineering team. You have experience in working in a pre-sales or other technical customer facing role supporting large enterprise accounts or acquiring new enterprise customers, as well as excellent verbal and written communication skills suited to explain the benefits of CloudFlare products and services to existing and potential customers. In this role you will be responsible for partnering with the sales team to understand customer requirements and provide sales support, prepare and deliver technical presentations and demos explaining the benefits of Cloudflare products to existing and potential customers, and run proof of concept trials for customers.</p>
<p>Specifically, we are looking for you to:</p>
<ul>
<li>Identify and map customer initiatives and business problems to Cloudflare solutions</li>
<li>Build relationships and technical champions within customer accounts</li>
<li>Develop and present customer presentations at every Enterprise Customer’s organization level</li>
<li>Lead demo and proof-of-concept activities for Cloudflare prospects and customers</li>
<li>Demonstrate your expertise of Cloudflare with your peers&nbsp; through the creation of professional content, including white papers, blog posts and other knowledge sharing activities</li>
<li>Represent and evangelize Cloudflare externally at Developer, Community, Technology, Cybersecurity and Industry focused events with thought leadership and expertise.</li>
<li>Apply in-depth vertical knowledge or domain expertise. Advise on best practices.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Basic Requirements</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Previous experience as a Solutions Engineer or other customer facing technical role with CDN, Security, Networking or SaaS</li>
<li>Solid communication, written and presentation skills</li>
<li>Ability to work on several projects and activities concurrently</li>
<li>Highly driven individuals that are curious, team players and work with a sense of urgency</li>
<li>Bachelor’s Degree or equivalent in relevant work experience</li>
<li>The role requires up to 50% travel to attend meetings with prospects or customers, attend conferences and other industry events, and to collaborate with your Cloudflare teammates.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Examples of desirable skills, knowledge and experience</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>You've built web applications before, or contributed to existing web applications in a meaningful way.</li>
<li>Polished communication and executive presentation skills with ability to drive a discussion with a broad range of stakeholders (from the web developer to the CISO).</li>
<li>Relationship building: a proven track record of building deep technical relationships with engineers and senior executives in large and strategic accounts. Experience in managing various stakeholder relationships to build consensus on security solutions/projects.</li>
<li>Experience managing technical sales within large accounts.</li>
<ul>
<li>Developing champion-style relationships</li>
<li>Driving technical wins</li>
<li>Assisting with technical validation</li>
</ul>
<li>A deep understanding of core industry components of Cloudflare solutions (and a desire to learn more):</li>
<ul>
<li>Internet security technologies including DDoS and DDoS mitigation, Firewalls, TLS, VPN, DLP</li>
<li>Networking technologies including TCP, UDP, DNS, IPv4 + IPv6, BGP routing, GRE, SD-WAN, MPLS, Global Traffic Management</li>
<li>HTTP technologies including reverse proxy (e.g., WAF and CDN), forward proxy (secure web gateway), serverless application development</li>
<li>Zero-trust network access (ZTNA &amp; SASE) concepts including identity management and authentication</li>
<li>Cloud computing technologies such as AWS, GCP, Azure and others</li>
<li>Some scripting or programming experience with one or more of JavaScript, Python, Golang, BASH</li>
<li>Understanding of, or experience with, regulatory requirements such as FedRAMP, GDPR, PCI DSS, HIPAA, SOC-2, ISO/IEC.</li>
</ul>
<li>An undergraduate degree in Computer Science, Engineering or a related field. Reminder: this is not a strict requirement at all. Candidates from all walks of life are welcome.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Bonus Points</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Graduate-level degrees in Computer Science, Engineering or related fields. Reminder: this is not a strict requirement at all. Candidates from all walks of life are welcome.</li>
<li>Relevant industry Certifications, Terraform experience</li>
<li>Exposure to emerging technical landscape trends such as machine learning, GenAI, DevOps, security operations etc.&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>More About You</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>You can translate technical concepts and jargon for a wide variety of audiences: from systems engineers, to front-end developers, through to IT managers and C-levels in organizations.</li>
<li>You want to be constantly learning new things and teaching what you've learned to the broader team through internal and external blog posts, team demos, and product training sessions.</li>
<li>You have a knack for understanding problems and finding creative ways to solve them. Our product suite is ever-growing, and knowing how to identify which parts will solve a customer's particular problem is important.</li>
<li>You understand how to manage a project, work to deadlines, and prioritize between competing demands.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Compensation</strong></p>
<p>Compensation may be adjusted depending on work location.</p>
<ul>
<li>For San Francisco based hires: Estimated annual salary of $221,000 - $271,000.</li>
<li>Los Angeles based hires: Estimated annual salary of $211,000 - $257,000.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Equity</strong></p>
<p>This role is eligible to participate in Cloudflare’s equity plan.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Benefits</strong></p>
<p>Cloudflare offers a complete package of benefits and programs to support you and your family.&nbsp; Our benefits programs can help you pay health care expenses, support caregiving, build capital for the future and make life a little easier and fun!&nbsp; The below is a description of our benefits for employees in the United States, and benefits may vary for employees based outside the U.S.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Health &amp; Welfare Benefits</strong></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>Medical/Rx Insurance</li>
<li>Dental Insurance</li>
<li>Vision Insurance</li>
<li>Flexible Spending Accounts</li>
<li>Commuter Spending Accounts</li>
<li>Fertility &amp; Family Forming Benefits</li>
<li>On-demand mental health support and Employee Assistance Program</li>
<li>Global Travel Medical Insurance</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Financial Benefits</strong></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>Short and Long Term Disability Insurance</li>
<li>Life &amp; Accident Insurance</li>
<li>401(k) Retirement Savings Plan</li>
<li>Employee Stock Participation Plan</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Time Off</strong></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>Flexible paid time off covering vacation and sick leave</li>
<li>Leave programs, including parental, pregnancy health, medical, and bereavement leave</li>
</ul>
<div id="te-floating-button-container"></div>
<div id="te-floating-button-container"></div>
<div id="te-floating-button-container"></div>
<div id="te-floating-button-container"></div><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: Since 2014, we've equipped more than 2,400 journalism and civil society organizations in 111 countries with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: In 2017, we created the Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration. Since the project, we've provided services to more than 425 local government election websites in 33 states.</span></p>
<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Please note that applicants who progress to the offer stage of the interview process may be asked to attend an in-person interview within one of the Cloudflare Offices or Cloudflare Hubs.&nbsp; More details about this will be available at that stage of the interview process.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p></div>