<div class="content-intro"><h3>ABOUT TIDE</h3>
<p>At Tide we help SMEs save time (and money) in the running of their businesses by not only offering business accounts and related banking services, but also a comprehensive set of highly usable and connected administrative solutions from invoicing to accounting.</p>
<p>Tide is transforming the small business banking market with over 1.8 million members globally across the UK, India, Germany and France.</p>
<p>Using advanced technology, all solutions are designed with SMEs in mind. With quick onboarding, low fees and innovative features, we thrive on making data-driven decisions to serve our mission: to help SMEs save both time (and money) so they can get back to doing what they love.</p>
<p><strong>Tide facts:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Tide is available for UK, Indian, German and French SMEs</li>
<li>Over 1.8 million members: 800,000 UK and 1,000,000 in India and growing rapidly</li>
<li>Over $300 million raised in funding</li>
<li>Over 2,500 Tideans globally - we’re diversity champions!</li>
<li>We have offices in Central London, with a member support and technology centre in Sofia, Bulgaria, technology centres in Serbia, Romania, Lithuania and Hyderabad and offices in Gurugram and New Delhi, and in Berlin, Paris and Luxembourg.</li>
</ul></div><h3>ABOUT THE ROLE:</h3>
<p data-start="135" data-end="356">We’re looking for a detail-oriented, curious, explorative, and commercially focused Senior CRM Executive looking for their next step — someone who will take on and help us expand rapidly growing product areas within Tide.</p>
<p data-start="358" data-end="554" data-is-last-node="" data-is-only-node="">You’ll be building automation, analysing results, and working with immediate stakeholders to take the story of performance to the business.</p>
<p><strong>As a Senior CRM Executive:</strong><strong>&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>You’ll own and deliver acquisition and engagement CRM campaigns, with a strong focus on driving all important metrics through automation and personalisation, working closely with product, content, BI and other Marketing team members.</li>
<li>You’ll have autonomy to develop and implement a test and learn plan, A/B tests and optimisation strategies.&nbsp;</li>
<li>You will work in a multinational team of passionate CRMers, Product marketers and Product Managers with a track record of delivery, who are dedicated to collaboration, innovation and ownership, with a central focus on helping our members save time and money, so they can get back to doing what they love.</li>
<li>Building and optimising key cross-sell campaigns and customer journeys across marketing with occasional involvement in operational communications.</li>
<li>Developing and delivering a CRM test-and-learn pipeline across multiple channels including in-app, web, email &amp; SMS end-to-end, including ideation, execution, analysis and optimisation.</li>
<li>Analysing campaigns and reporting out to immediate stakeholders on trends and recommendations and using data to define, build and maintain segments including building and maintaining reporting dashboards to track CRM performance.</li>
<li>Work closely with the rest of the Engagement Marketing team as well as a number of other cross-business stakeholders.</li>
<li>Continuously look for optimisations and new ideas to develop engagement marketing opportunities.</li>
</ul>
<h3>WHAT WE ARE LOOKING FOR:&nbsp;</h3>
<ul>
<li>You have c.2-3 yrs of expertise in end-to-end CRM marketing management across a number of sub-products and business units.</li>
<li>You’ve developed and delivered CRM programmes, demonstrating proven results against targets.</li>
<li>You have hands-on experience with CRM platforms e.g. Iterable, Salesforce Marketing Cloud, Hubspot, Braze, and an understanding of HTML and CSS.</li>
<li>You have experience handling campaign data from different sources using BI tools e.g. Looker, Tableau, and experience turning this data into strategic insights.</li>
<li>You have experience in segmentation and targeting.</li>
<li>You have A/B and MVT testing experience.</li>
<li>You have solid communication and reporting skills and are able to work well in partnership with technical and non-technical team members.</li>
<li>You have good Excel skills as well as experience with business reporting tools (e.g. Tableau, Looker) - you're famous for solving colleagues' spreadsheets and reporting problems.</li>
<li>You have the ability to handle multiple projects and adapt to changing priorities.</li>
<li>You are hands-on, delivery oriented, and results-driven, with a pragmatic implementation style.</li>
<li>You may have worked in Financial Services, start-ups, or tech space.</li>
<li>You have a curious nature, good organisational skills and impeccable attention to detail.</li>
</ul>
<h3>WHAT YOU’LL GET IN RETURN:</h3>
<p>Make work, work for you! We are embracing new ways of working and support flexible working arrangements. With our Working Out of Office (WOO) policy our colleagues can work remotely from home or anywhere in their home country. Additionally, you can work from a different country for 90 days of the year. Plus, you’ll get:</p>
<ul>
<li>25 days paid annual leave</li>
<li>3 paid days off for volunteering or L&amp;D activities</li>
<li>Personal L&amp;D budget&nbsp;</li>
<li>Mental wellbeing platform</li>
<li>WFH equipment allowance</li>
</ul>
<h3>TIDEAN WAYS OF WORKING</h3>
<p>At Tide, we champion a <strong>flexible workplace </strong>model that<strong> </strong>supports both in-person and remote work to cater to the specific needs of our different teams.&nbsp;</p>
<p>While remote work is supported, we believe in the power of face-to-face interactions to foster team spirit and collaboration. Our offices are designed as hubs for innovation and team-building, where we encourage regular in-person gatherings to foster a strong sense of community.</p><div class="content-conclusion"><h3>TIDE IS A PLACE FOR EVERYONE</h3>
<p>At Tide, we believe that we can only succeed if we let our differences enrich our culture. Our Tideans come from a variety of backgrounds and experience levels. We consider everyone irrespective of their ethnicity, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, family or parental status, national origin, veteran, neurodiversity or differently-abled status. We celebrate diversity in our workforce as a cornerstone of our success. Our commitment to a broad spectrum of ideas and backgrounds is what enables us to build products that resonate with our members’ diverse needs and lives.&nbsp;</p>
<p>We are One Team and foster a transparent and inclusive environment, where everyone’s voice is heard.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><em>At Tide, we thrive on diversity, embracing various backgrounds and experiences. We welcome all individuals regardless of ethnicity, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, or disability. Our inclusive culture is key to our success, helping us build products that meet our members' diverse needs. We are One Team, committed to transparency and ensuring everyone’s voice is heard.</em></p>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section">&nbsp;</div>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section"><strong>Disclaimer</strong></div>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section">&nbsp;</div>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section"><em>It has come to our attention that individuals or agencies are falsely claiming to represent Tide and are reaching out to candidates regarding job opportunities. Please be aware that:</em></div>
<ul class="p-rich\_text\_list p-rich\_text\_list\_\_bullet p-rich\_text\_list--nested" data-stringify-type="unordered-list" data-list-tree="true" data-indent="0" data-border="0">
<li style="font-style: italic;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><em>Tide does&nbsp;<strong data-stringify-type="bold">not</strong>&nbsp;charge any fees at any stage of the recruitment process.</em></li>
<li style="font-style: italic;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><em>All official Tide job opportunities are listed exclusively on our&nbsp;<a href="https://www.tide.co/careers/" target="\_blank"><strong data-stringify-type="bold">Careers Page</strong></a>&nbsp;and applications should be submitted through this channel.</em></li>
<li style="font-style: italic;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><em>Communication from Tide will only come from an official&nbsp;<strong data-stringify-type="bold">@tide</strong><strong data-stringify-type="bold">.co</strong>&nbsp;email address.</em></li>
<li style="font-style: italic;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><em>Tide does not work with agencies or recruiters without prior formal engagement, and we do not authorize third parties to make job offers on our behalf.</em></li>
</ul>
<p><em>If you are contacted by anyone misrepresenting Tide or requesting payment, please treat it as fraudulent and report it to us immediately at <a href="mailto:talent@tide.co" target="\_blank">talent@tide.co</a><br>Your safety and trust are important to us, and we are committed to ensuring a fair and transparent recruitment process.</em></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><em><em data-stringify-type="italic">Tide leverages AI to enhance our hiring experience. You can read more about how we use AI in our recruitment process in our <a href="https://assets.ctfassets.net/3h69mkdgxn20/5MFtWSdG8YLKq3jZkK52NY/3f18633073e6cdbd03bba4b9791c64f4/Using\_AI\_throughout\_the\_Hiring\_Process.pdf" target="\_blank">AI Policy</a>.</em></em></p>
<p><em><em data-stringify-type="italic">Your personal data will be processed by Tide for recruitment purposes and in accordance with </em><em data-stringify-type="italic"><a class="c-link" href="https://assets.ctfassets.net/3h69mkdgxn20/4TE0uAE3SXomATDVneocNA/aa31893960b4064dd406ad15d029dcd3/Recruitment\_Privacy\_Notice.pdf" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://assets.ctfassets.net/3h69mkdgxn20/1MYf6q4ZMWugpeaROVETBN/526e9c160a2de03576413c81657c6466/Recruitment\_Privacy\_Notice\_\_Final\_Draft\_\_Sep\_2024\_.pdf" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">Tide's Recruitment Privacy Notice</a></em><em data-stringify-type="italic">.</em></em></p></div>