<h2><strong>Who we are</strong></h2>
<div>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">Helsing is a defence AI company. Our mission is to protect our democracies. We aim to achieve technological leadership, so that open societies can continue to make sovereign decisions and control their ethical standards.</span><span data-ccp-props="{">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">As democracies, we believe we have a special responsibility to be thoughtful about the development and deployment of powerful technologies like AI. We take this responsibility seriously.</span><span data-ccp-props="{">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span data-contrast="none">We are an ambitious and committed team of engineers, AI specialists and customer-facing programme managers.<span data-contrast="auto">&nbsp;We are looking for mission-driven people to join our European teams – and apply their skills to solve the most complex and impactful problems. We embrace an open and transparent culture that welcomes healthy debates on the use of technology in defence, its benefits, and its ethical implications.</span><span data-ccp-props="{">&nbsp;</span></span></p>
</div>
<h2><strong>The role</strong></h2>
<div>As a Camera Engineer, you will give sight to our next generation of autonomous drones. In this role, you will take ownership of the full imaging stack, designing custom opto-electronic architectures that allow our AI to perceive the world with superhuman precision, even in challenging, contested environments. You will move beyond off-the-shelf integration, guiding the design of custom sensor boards, architecting high-bandwidth FPGA logic, and ensuring microsecond-level synchronization between optical sensors and the platform's compute core.</div>
<div>&nbsp;</div>
<div>Working at the intersection of hardware and Perception AI, you will translate abstract mission requirements into concrete, ruggedized hardware—from the lens selection to the bitstream. Your expertise will be vital in realizing robust, scalable solutions that enhance the situational awareness of Helsing's AI systems, directly supporting our mission to provide advanced defense capabilities. For a better idea of the impact you will have, check out our work on AI-enabled land and air capabilities at <a class="c-link" href="https://helsing.ai/altra" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://helsing.ai/altra" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">https://helsing.ai/altra</a> and <a class="c-link" href="https://helsing.ai/hx-2" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://helsing.ai/hx-2" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">https://helsing.ai/hx-2</a>. You will be building the eyes for systems that define the future of information superiority and platform protection.</div>
<h2>The day-to-day</h2>
<ul class="ak-ul" data-local-id="ca6a6708-95cb-4fca-8269-5be688c69f68" data-indent-level="1">
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="8328" data-local-id="58a4c41b-ec39-40e7-93f2-39345e1540a7"><strong data-renderer-mark="true">Define the imaging architecture:</strong> You will select the optimal combination of lenses and sensors aligning requirements with our AI team to optimize algorithm performance, balancing technical trade-offs.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="8532" data-local-id="a8679c83-3e44-4952-ac81-4794a6e5b567">You will guide &amp; perform the implementation of low-level logic like FPGA programming, handling high-speed sensor interfaces and implementing hardware-based synchronization.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="8708" data-local-id="a7dc2aaa-3ed6-4592-b0d6-b75c179d373a"><strong data-renderer-mark="true">Drive the Manufacturing Lifecycle:</strong> You will collaborate closely with external partners to transition your designs from prototype to production, defining validation tests and resolving challenges for complex opto-electronic assemblies.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="8946" data-local-id="f6c23756-9e99-448d-ad70-f05ac1375b3f"><strong data-renderer-mark="true">Hardware Bring-up &amp; Debug:</strong> You will spend hands-on time in the lab bringing up prototypes, testing their performance under varying conditions and support their integration into our software stack.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="9146" data-local-id="70dac8d6-e64c-4695-b6c0-cb3cefb3d0bc"><strong data-renderer-mark="true">Image Quality Tuning:</strong> You will analyze application specific camera performance and tune your designs &amp; low-level algorithms to maximize the value the sensor provides to our AI applications.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<h2 id="You’ll-do-great-if-you….3" data-renderer-start-pos="15247"><strong>You should apply if you</strong></h2>
<ul class="ak-ul" data-local-id="15f04cb0-496e-4464-9e00-f22f5745c74a" data-indent-level="1">
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="9603" data-local-id="3bf03197-e7e4-4207-8fd7-6812f361a5aa">Have a Ph.D. or M.Sc. in Electrical Engineering, Computer Engineering, Applied Physics, Optical Engineering, related field or equivalent work experience.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="9753" data-local-id="e58df25d-4df7-427f-9da0-a42839a76b6c">Have a professional track record of bringing complex opto-electronic systems from prototype to mass production.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="9872" data-local-id="e808c2f4-e512-45e2-83c6-0e1f85d26531">Have mastered Opto-Mechanical Design Challenges, e.g. thermal management for high-power sensors or precise mechanical mounting for optical alignment</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="10028" data-local-id="2c9603d2-737d-4149-9f23-2fb139d35a16">Possess a deep understanding of the "physics of imaging," ranging from lens selection and MTF characteristics to CMOS sensor architecture, quantum efficiency, and noise sources.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="10213" data-local-id="6dc92059-174f-4165-afc7-7425e3f10f89">Understand system-level synchronization, knowing how to utilize PTP, PPS, or hardware triggers (Hsync, Vsync) to perfectly align image capture with other sensors and compute modules.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="10403" data-local-id="81fb138b-4f41-4d48-83c8-9664bf85a8ce">Are proficient in languanges like C/C++ or Rus<strong data-renderer-mark="true">t</strong> for low-level firmware development or hardware-software interface debugging.</p>
<h2 id="You’ll-do-great-if-you….3" data-renderer-start-pos="15247"><strong>Nice to Have</strong></h2>
</li>
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="10572" data-local-id="9c26f938-9018-4e13-a92f-5859732677fd">Have brought hardware to life using Verilog, SystemVerilog, VHDL or similar, dealing with high-bandwidth data streams, video processing pipelines, and sensor interfaces on the lowest level.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="10769" data-local-id="dc2242d1-fb7b-41cf-a385-d664ffa9d910">Hands-on experience designing and debugging PCBs for high-bandwidth image sensors, including managing signal integrity for MIPI CSI-2, LVDS, SLVS-EC links, or similar.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="10949" data-local-id="dc2242d1-fb7b-41cf-a385-d664ffa9d910">Experience with Optical Design Software (e.g., Zemax, Code V, or equivalent) and a familiarity with ray tracing, lens curvature, or custom glass specification.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="11112" data-local-id="006044d0-26db-4b51-a849-5f7ed0bd7275">Experience writing Linux Kernel Drivers or working with V4L2 or similar frameworks to interface with our sensors</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="11228" data-local-id="3bba2544-11a0-42d1-8fc4-91c28d6fc400">Exposure to Computer Vision or AI pipelines giving you an understanding of how the images you capture are consumed by Helsing’s downstream algorithms.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="11382" data-local-id="b7612612-67e3-433b-a4b2-7c8e9991427b">Experience with thermal imaging designing, calibrating, and programming LWIR cameras.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p><em data-renderer-mark="true"><em data-stringify-type="italic">Note: We operate in an industry where women, as well as other minority groups, are systematically</em>&nbsp;<em data-stringify-type="italic">under-represented. We encourage you to apply even if you don’t meet all the listed qualifications; ability and impact cannot be summarised in a few bullet points.</em></em></p>
<h2><strong><span data-contrast="auto">Join Helsing and work with world-leading experts in their fields</span><span data-ccp-props="{">&nbsp;</span></strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">Helsing’s work is important. You’ll be directly contributing to the protection of democratic countries while balancing both ethical and geopolitical concerns</span></p>
</li>
<li>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">The work is unique. We operate in a domain that has highly unusual technical requirements and constraints, and where robustness, safety, and ethical considerations are vital. You will face unique Engineering and AI challenges that make a meaningful impact in the world</span></p>
</li>
<li>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">Our work frequently takes us right up to the state of the art in technical innovation, be it reinforcement learning, distributed systems, generative AI, or deployment infrastructure. The defence industry is entering the most exciting phase of the technological development curve. Advances in our field of world are not incremental: Helsing is part of, and often leading, historic leaps forward</span></p>
</li>
<li>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">In our domain, success is a matter of order-of-magnitude improvements and novel capabilities. This means we take bets, aim high, and focus on big opportunities. Despite being a relatively young company, Helsing has already been selected for multiple significant government contracts</span></p>
</li>
<li>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">We actively encourage healthy, proactive, and diverse debate internally about what we do and how we choose to do it. Teams and individual engineers are trusted (and encouraged) to practise responsible autonomy and critical thinking, and to focus on outcomes, not conformity. At Helsing you will have a say in how we (and you!) work, the opportunity to engage on what does and doesn’t work, and to take ownership of aspects of our culture that you care deeply about</span></p>
</li>
</ul>
<h2 id="What-we-offer" data-renderer-start-pos="3238"><span id="6afa48f9-b797-428b-aa69-0bc8163b3593" data-renderer-mark="true" data-mark-type="annotation" data-mark-annotation-type="inlineComment" data-id="6afa48f9-b797-428b-aa69-0bc8163b3593">What we offer</span></h2>
<ul>
<li>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">A focus on outcomes, not time-tracking</span></p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Competitive compensation and stock options</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Relocation support</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Social and education allowances</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Regular company events and all-hands to bring together employees as one team across Europe</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>A hands-on onboarding program (affectionately labelled “Infraduction”), in which you will be building tooling and applications to be used across the company. This is your opportunity to learn our tech stack, explore the company, and learn how we get things done - all whilst working with other engineering teams from day one<span data-ccp-props="{">&nbsp;</span></p>
</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><span data-ccp-props="{"><em data-stringify-type="italic">Helsing is an equal opportunities employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, religion, sexual orientation, age, marital status, disability or gender identity. Please do not submit personal data revealing racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, trade union membership, data concerning your health, or data concerning your sexual orientation.</em></span></p><div class="content-conclusion"><div>&nbsp;</div>
<div>Helsing's Candidate Privacy and Confidentiality Regime can be found <a href="https://helsing.ai/candidate-privacy-and-confidentiality-regime/" target="\_blank">here</a>.&nbsp;</div>
<div>&nbsp;</div>
<div>&nbsp;</div></div>