<p data-pos="0">At JetBrains, code is our passion. Ever since we started, back in 2000, we have been striving to make the strongest, most effective developer tools on earth. By automating routine checks and corrections, our tools speed up production, freeing developers to grow, discover, and create.</p>
<p data-pos="286">The Version Control Experience team is part of the IntelliJ Platform department. We focus on improving the version control workflows across all JetBrains IDEs. From the moment a user clones a project to exploring its branches and reviewing changes, our mission is to make working with Git and other VCS tools feel smooth, fast, and reliable. Our work spans multiple IDEs and directly impacts millions of users.</p>
<p data-pos="698">We’re looking for a Kotlin or Java developer to help us improve the VCS experience across JetBrains IDEs.</p>
<h3 id="in-this-role-youll" data-pos="809">In this role, you’ll:&nbsp;</h3>
<ul data-pos="832">
<li data-pos="832">Improve core workflows such as cloning projects, switching branches, resolving conflicts, and viewing history.</li>
<li data-pos="945">Develop and maintain VCS integration components used across multiple IDEs.</li>
<li data-pos="1022">Enhance integrations with GitHub and GitLab, making them more seamless and feature-rich.</li>
<li data-pos="1113">Contribute to architecture and performance improvements within the VCS subsystem.</li>
<li data-pos="1197">Work closely with UX designers and other product teams to polish and improve the VCS experience.</li>
<li data-pos="1296">Have an opportunity to work on features used by millions of developers every day, including your teammates and colleagues</li>
<li data-pos="1420">Have freedom of ideas - you are always encouraged to suggest and implement new features and improvements to existing workflows</li>
</ul>
<h3 id="wed-be-happy-to-bring-you-on-board-if-you" data-pos="1554">We’d be happy to bring you on board if you:&nbsp;</h3>
<ul data-pos="1599">
<li data-pos="1599">Have strong development experience with Kotlin or Java.</li>
<li data-pos="1657">Are familiar with Kotlin coroutines and asynchronous programming.</li>
<li data-pos="1725">Are familiar with web-based APIs (REST, GraphQL).</li>
<li data-pos="1777">Are comfortable working with legacy code and gradually improving it.</li>
<li data-pos="1848">Are interested in developer tools and care about their usability.</li>
<li data-pos="1916">Are open to working with UI (Swing), or already have experience doing so.</li>
<li data-pos="1992">Strive to write clean, efficient, and maintainable code.</li>
<li data-pos="2051">Enjoy exploring how things work under the hood and aren’t afraid of technical complexity.</li>
</ul>
<h3 id="we-would-be-especially-thrilled-if-you" data-pos="2148">We would be especially thrilled if you:&nbsp;</h3>
<ul data-pos="2189">
<li data-pos="2189">Are a power user of Git. If you’re comfortable with rebase workflows, cherry-pick, resolving complex merge conflicts, and working with staging areas interactively, you’ll feel right at home.</li>
<li data-pos="2382">Understand Git internals such as the index, reflog, low-level merge strategies, or how Git represents history.</li>
<li data-pos="2495">Have experience with IntelliJ plugins or developer tools.</li>
<li data-pos="2555">Are familiar with UI/UX best practices.</li>
<li data-pos="2555">Experience with mobile development in Android</li>
</ul>
<h3 id="about-the-team" data-pos="2602">About the Team:&nbsp;</h3>
<p data-pos="2619">We’re a relatively small, distributed team based in Munich, Amsterdam, Berlin, and Belgrade. We keep meetings minimal and collaboration focused and informal. We value empathy, clarity, and initiative – and we’re looking forward to welcoming a new teammate.</p>
<h3><strong>Why join JetBrains?</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Strong base salary. We offer competitive pay that reflects your skills and experience.</li>
<li>Flexible work location. Enjoy the freedom to work from home or from the office.</li>
<li>Remote work. Spend up to 30 days per year working remotely from abroad.</li>
<li>Extra time off. More days to relax, recharge, and do the things you love.</li>
<li>Medical insurance allowance. Enjoy peace of mind for you and your family.</li>
<li>Learning and development opportunities. Access to conferences, courses, and language classes.</li>
<li>Language classes. Pick up the local language or sharpen your English skills.</li>
<li>Fuel your day. Enjoy a hot meal or receive a lunch allowance on workdays.</li>
<li>Mental health support. To help you feel your best, we provide easy access to professional mental health services.</li>
<li>Sports benefit. Enjoy an on-site gym or sports club stipend.</li>
<li>Internal events. Join company-wide celebrations and team gatherings.</li>
</ul>
<p>\*Some benefits may vary depending on location.</p>
<div id="message-list\_1764171715.296769">
<div>
<div>
<div>
<div>
<div>
<div>
<div>
<div>
<div>
<div>
<div>#LI-KT1</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>We are an equal opportunity employer</strong><br><br>We know great ideas can come from anyone, anywhere. That’s why we do our best to create an open and inclusive workplace – one that welcomes everyone regardless of their background, identity, religion, age, accessibility needs, or orientation.</p>
<p><em data-stringify-type="italic">We process the data provided in your job application in accordance with the <a href="https://www.jetbrains.com/legal/docs/privacy/privacy-recruitment/">Recruitment Privacy Policy.</a></em></p></div>