<p>
  <strong>Headquarters:</strong> Warsaw
</p>

<div class="content"><div class="section-wrapper page-full-width"><div class="section page-centered"><div><span><b>At Saily, we’re removing the hassle from getting secure data plans while traveling.</b></span></div><div><br></div><div></div><div><br></div><div><span><b>Your impact?</b> Helping people stay securely connected, wherever they go.</span></div><div><br></div><div><span>Come aboard with </span><b>Saily</b><span>, our new eSIM service designed for travelers and explorers! We’re bringing our expertise in cybersecurity to an essential product that makes travel effortless and more sustainable while cutting out surprise roaming costs.</span></div><div><br></div><div><span>And we’re already making waves, earning praise from trusted travel experts and tech reviewers: </span><b>Lonely Planet</b><span> has named Saily, their go-to eSIM for travelers, and&nbsp;</span><a class="postings-link" href="http://pcmag.com/"><b>PCMag.com</b></a><span>&nbsp;has rated it an “Excellent” product! Join the Saily crew to build technology that connects the world while gaining global recognition.</span></div><div><br></div><div>Come aboard with Saily, our new eSIM service designed for travelers and explorers! We’re bringing our expertise in cybersecurity to an essential product that makes travel effortless and more sustainable while cutting out surprise roaming costs. And we’re already making waves, earning praise from trusted travel experts and tech reviewers: Lonely Planet has named Saily, their go-to eSIM for travelers, and&nbsp;PCMag.com&nbsp;has rated it an “Excellent” product! Join the Saily crew to build technology that connects the world while gaining global recognition.</div></div><div class="section page-centered"><div><h3>Main Responsibilities:</h3><ul class="posting-requirements plain-list"><ul><li>Improve code quality, speed and deployment processes;</li><li>Ensure zero downtime for different environments and projects;</li><li>Work on K8s cluster migration;</li><li>Improve existing and implement new, effective CI/CD processes;</li></ul></ul></div></div><div class="section page-centered"><div><h3>Core Requirements:</h3><ul class="posting-requirements plain-list"><ul><li>Previous experience working with AWS;</li><li>Previous experience working with k8s;</li><li>Experience with monitoring tools such as Grafana;</li><li>Experience with containerization</li><li>Experience with Python/Bash scripting;</li><li>Kafka and Golang knowledge is an advantage;</li></ul></ul></div></div><div class="section page-centered"><div><h3>Tools You’ll Use:</h3><ul class="posting-requirements plain-list"><ul><li>AWS, Grafana, Kubernetes, Docker, Python</li></ul></ul></div></div><div class="section page-centered"><div><h3>Salary Ranges: </h3><ul class="posting-requirements plain-list"><ul><li>Gross salary is 17,600 - 28,400 PLN </li></ul></ul></div></div><div class="section page-centered"><div><b>About Us</b></div><div><br></div><div><b>Nord Security</b> is a global leader in internet privacy and security solutions and Lithuania’s second tech unicorn. Established in 2012, Nord Security now has more than 1400 employees and serves millions of users worldwide. Our team has a global mission to shape a more secure and peaceful online future for people everywhere. With that in mind, we built several advanced cybersecurity solutions:&nbsp;<b>NordVPN, NordLayer, NordLocker, NordPass, NordProtect, NordStellar, and Saily.</b></div><div><br></div><div>And we’re always looking to expand our team of:</div><div>• Future shapers</div><div>• Restless achievers</div><div>• Self-movers</div><div>• Honest communicators</div><div>• Team players</div><div><br></div><div><b>What We Offer</b></div><div><br></div><div>• <b>Access to Nord Security products.</b> We build solutions used by millions of users worldwide, and you’ll get to experience our products firsthand;</div><div>• <b>Professional growth.</b> Internal and external events, online training, conferences, books - everything you need to reach full potential;</div><div>• <b>Health benefits.</b> Private health insurance, online and on-site workouts, consultations to feel and be your best;</div><div>• <b>Mental wellbeing.</b> Access to mental health tools like Calm, Headspace, and Mindletic. Options for therapy to keep your emotional wellbeing in check;</div><div>• <b>Team spirit.</b> Team buildings and parties with games, shows, tastings, food coupons, gifts, and it’s on us;</div><div>• <b>More free time.</b> Stay with us and additional vacation days will be added to your calendar;</div><div>• <b>Additional paid leave.</b> Additional days are covered by us in cases of illness or special occasions;</div><div>• <b>Flexibility. </b>Flexible working time arrangement.</div><div><br></div><div><i>Kindly refer to our Privacy Notice for Recruitment Candidates for comprehensive information regarding our data handling procedures throughout recruitment processes: </i><a class="postings-link" href="https://bit.ly/3urJdOL">https://bit.ly/3urJdOL</a></div><div><br></div><div><b><span>What We Offer</span></b></div><div><br></div><div><b><span>Innovate with industry leaders</span></b></div><div><span>Work alongside global experts to build world-leading cybersecurity tools, impacting millions of users around the world.</span></div><div><br></div><div><b><span>Learn &amp; grow</span></b></div><div><span>Boost your skills via our extensive training programs (online and offline) &amp; other resources. Benefit from mentorship and career-switch opportunities to grow within the company.&nbsp;</span></div><div><br></div><div><b><span>Work in a next-gen Cyber City office</span></b></div><div><span>Thrive in our bustling office, featuring ergonomic workspaces, modern meeting rooms, engaging events, and specialty coffee to fuel your day.</span></div><div><br></div><div><b><span>Hybrid work</span></b></div><div><span>Enjoy the flexibility with 3 office days and working from home for the remaining 2.</span></div><div><br></div><div><b><span>Work from anywhere</span></b></div><div><span>Recharge with a change of scenery – choose work from any location when you feel a need to power your creativity and drive.</span></div><div><span>&nbsp;</span></div><div><b><span>Physical well-being</span></b></div><div><span>Boost your health with free-of-charge 24/7 gym access, onsite and online workouts, and consultations led by in-house Physical Well-Being experts.&nbsp;</span></div><div><br></div><div><b><span>Mental &amp; emotional health</span></b></div><div><span>Nurture your mind with free psychologist consultations, dedicated mental health events, and premium access to top-rated wellness apps like Calm, Headspace, and Mindletic.</span></div><div><br></div><div><b><span>Premium healthcare</span></b></div><div><span>Receive private health insurance giving you peace of mind for your health needs.</span></div><div><br></div><div><b><span>Extra days off</span></b></div><div><span>Enjoy additional vacation days off as you grow with us. Plus, get extra days for sick leave, special occasions, or parenting needs.</span></div><div><span>&nbsp;</span></div><div><b><span>Joyful moments – special treats</span></b></div><div><span>Celebrate life’s big moments with special gifts from us on your birthday, anniversary, and other major events, such as weddings or the arrival of a new family member.</span></div><div><span>&nbsp;</span></div><div><b><span>Company events &amp; team-building</span></b></div><div><span>Experience iconic Nord Security celebrations, team-buildings, and knowledge-sharing events, nurturing bonds that fuel our success.</span></div><div><br></div><div><b><span>Workation</span></b></div><div><span>Embark on a legendary company getaway abroad, filled with exciting activities, live concerts, engaging workshops, and epic time together.</span></div><div><br></div><div><i><span>Kindly refer to our Privacy Notice for Recruitment Candidates for comprehensive information regarding our data handling procedures throughout recruitment processes: </span></i><a href="https://bit.ly/40GWyjL"><span>https://bit.ly/40GWyjL</span></a></div></div></div></div>

<p><strong>To apply:</strong> <a href="https://weworkremotely.com/remote-jobs/nord-security-devops-engineer-mid-senior-saily">https://weworkremotely.com/remote-jobs/nord-security-devops-engineer-mid-senior-saily</a></p>