At Swile, we believe that good products can help reduce friction in daily professional life and boost employee satisfaction. Today, we provide innovative solutions in various areas such as Fintech, Travel, HR, and Employee Benefits to more than 5.5 million users in 85,000 companies in France and Brazil.

 

**😎 Your future position:**

 

Swile is actively seeking a Senior Salesforce Developer to join the CLM (Customer Lifecycle Management) team.

 

The CLM team's obsession is to provide a scalable & global platform, that makes Swile's internal business teams (BIC) as efficient and autonomous as possible in supporting and monitoring the lifecycle of any prospect or client.

 

The team is structured around three pillars:

* Acquisition Management
* Selling Management
* Customer Management

 

We are a team of 13 people, operating in an international context across France and Brazil, working closely with Business, Innovation and Customer Care teams to cover the entire CRM value chain.

 

**🚀  Your future impact:**

 

We are convinced that everyone matters. Everyone at Swile has a huge impact on our Business Strategy. And what will be yours?

 

As a Senior Salesforce Developer, you will be responsible for :

 

**Development** 👩🏻‍💻

* Develop solution design options and recommendations, balancing business needs with technical complexity,
* Maintain, refactor, and enhance the customized Salesforce-based application using various Salesforce technologies,
* Design and implement solutions in line with industry coding standards and the Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC),
* Optimize code and configuration for improved system performance,
* Design and architect custom applications, objects, and data models within Salesforce.

 

**Integration** 🔗

* Integrate Salesforce with internal and external systems using REST APIs and web services,
* Ensure smooth data flow between Salesforce and external platforms.

 

**Release Management and Testing** 🦾

* Conduct system testing (unit, integration, user acceptance) to ensure application quality and stability,
* Plan and execute Salesforce releases and upgrades, ensuring a seamless transition for end-users,
* Maintain staging and production orgs.

 

**Beyond Salesforce 🌐**

* Take ownership of topics that go beyond the Salesforce ecosystem, stepping in where needed to ensure end-to-end delivery,
* Contribute to adjacent technical areas, including marketing tools, data contracts, backend development using Ruby on Rails, to support broader platform needs and cross-functional initiatives.

**Collaborate with multiple teams** 👨‍👩‍👧‍👦

* Take full ownership of your scope: with our extended ownership model, you drive topics from A to Z,
* Collaborate with cross-functional teams to gather and analyze business requirements,
* Work hand in hand with the Product Team throughout the entire delivery cycle.

 

**✨It will be a perfect match if :**

 

* Have experienced: ideally 3+ years of relevant engineering experience or in a similar job
* Master our Salesforce tech stack : APEX,  Visualforce, Aura & LWC
* Knowledge of Ruby on Rails or appetite for backend development beyond the Salesforce ecosystem is a plus,
* Gladly welcoming, and regularly giving feedback to your team and to other Swilers
* Thinking in terms of what's best globally for the company rather than locally for your projects
* Constantly looking out for new tools, taking initiative and proposing improvements, passion for growing, developing, and guiding people
* You are a future responsible swiler : your share [our commitment](https://www.welcometothejungle.com/en/companies/swile/impact) to the environment, diversity, fairness and inclusion and are prepared to work every day to improve individual and collective performance

📓 One thing worth to be mentioned

We value a proactive, **entrepreneurial mindset**. Whether you come from a startup or a structured consulting environment, your ability to understand the code behind the controls is what matters.

Apply now and join us in creating impactful products that enhance the daily professional lives of millions.