<div class="content-intro"><p><strong>Secure Every Identity, from AI to Human<br><br></strong>Identity is the key to unlocking the potential of AI. Okta secures AI by building the trusted, neutral infrastructure that enables organizations to safely embrace this new era. This work requires a relentless drive to solve complex challenges with real-world stakes. We are looking for builders and owners who operate with speed and urgency and execute with excellence.<br><br>This is an opportunity to do career-defining work. We're all in on this mission. If you are too, let's talk.</p></div><p><strong>Strategic Account Team - UKI</strong></p>
<p>We have a team of&nbsp; highly experienced sellers who are targeting Okta’s largest customers (with over 20,000 employees). This segment represents the biggest opportunity for growth for Okta in UKI. The team have had some incredible multi million dollar wins already in the last 24 months; we’re looking for a strong leader to take it to the next level.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>As our Strategic Sales Director you will…</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Be an active part of the UKI Leadership team; inputting to the strategy and growth of the region.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Own the strategy and business plan for the Strategic segment to show how you will executive against revenue and headcount goals.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Provide leadership and coaching to a team of highly experienced Account Executives; creating a shared vision and strong team culture.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Drive for big wins over $1m + whilst also being mindful of land and expand opportunities as we grow out this segment.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Ensure the team are utilising all resources internally as well as their own skills to drive pipeline and hunt in their new logo accounts.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Adopt a collaborative approach with the x-functional teams ensuring the team has the support needed from Alliances, Sales Development, Pre-Sales, Customer First, Legal, Business Value, Marketing and more.</li>
<li>Collaborate with our Alliances and GSI teams to solidify and grow our relationships with key partners.</li>
<li>Act as an Executive Sponsor on critical deal opportunities.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Support the AE's with using MEDDPICCC to navigate complexity; spot gaps and maximise opportunities.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Lead by example by running forecasting accuracy and ensuring deal accountability.</li>
<li>Provide ongoing performance reviews supporting the AE's with career development.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Live by a data driven approach; using data to monitor and track team performance.&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>You could be a great fit for this role if you have:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Led a majors / strategic segment previously with Account Executives selling into the largest accounts.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Strong understanding of how to executive on multi-million dollar deals in large organisations.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Experience building partner business plans and relationships to ensure strategic alignment and growth for all.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Coached others on the use of MEDDICC or similar sales framework.</li>
<li>Experience managing a growth focused team with demonstrable success bringing on new logos.&nbsp;</li>
<li>The ability to build a culture of trust and collaboration with a strong coaching mindset</li>
<li>Have experienced leading through significant growth and / or change within a 'build' phase technology company.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Exceptional leadership skills and ability to develop sales talent through their careers.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Demonstrated ability to accurately and boldly forecast sales results.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Okta’s Top 5 Core Leadership Competencies</strong> are part of the deeply ingrained principles that guide all of our company’s actions. They also align strongly to our cultural cornerstones, our Okta values: love our customers, empower our people, never stop innovating, act with integrity, and maintain transparency. It’s our expectation that our managers and leaders embody these core competencies:</p>
<ul>
<li><strong>Builds Effective Teams:</strong> Building strong-identity teams that apply their diverse skills and perspectives to achieve common goals.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;</li>
<li><strong>Demonstrates Self-Awareness (EQ):</strong> Using a combination of feedback and reflection to gain productive insight into personal strengths and weaknesses.</li>
<li><strong>Develops Talent:</strong> Developing people to meet both their career goals and the organisation’s goals.</li>
<li><strong>Drives Results:</strong> Consistently achieving results, even under tough circumstances.</li>
<li><strong>Strategic Mindset:</strong> Seeing ahead to future possibilities and translating them into breakthrough strategies.</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong><br>The Okta Experience</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><a href="http://rewards.okta.com">Supporting Your Well-Being</a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="https://www.okta.com/company/okta-for-good/">Driving Social Impact&nbsp;</a></li>
<li><a href="https://www.okta.com/company/talent-connection-community/">Developing Talent and Fostering Connection + Community</a></li>
</ul>
<p>We are intentional about connection. Our global community, spanning over 20 offices worldwide, is united by a drive to innovate. Your journey begins with an immersive, in-person onboarding experience designed to accelerate your impact and connect you to our mission and team from day one.<br><br>Okta is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, marital status, age, physical or mental disability, or status as a protected veteran. We also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and convictions records, consistent with applicable laws.<br><br>If reasonable accommodation is needed to complete any part of the job application, interview process, or onboarding please&nbsp;<a href="https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1EfiEYZrIyhA2X4Fijk0R3RKYOzNoS3wtvyM4nhbZnXE/edit">use this Form</a> to request an accommodation.<br><br>Notice for New York City Applicants &amp; Employees: Okta may use Automated Employment Decision Tools (AEDT), as defined by New York City Local Law 144, that use artificial intelligence, machine learning, or other automated processes to assist in our recruitment and hiring process. In accordance with NYC Local Law 144, if you are an applicant or employee residing in New York City, please&nbsp;<a href="https://talent.okta.com/new-york-city-aedt-notice.html">click here</a> to view our full NYC AEDT Notice.<br><br>Okta is committed to complying with applicable data privacy and security laws and regulations. For more information, please see our Personnel and Job Candidate Privacy Notice at&nbsp;<a href="https://www.okta.com/legal/personnel-policy/">https://www.okta.com/legal/personnel-policy/</a>.</p></div>