<div class="content-intro"><p>GitLab is the intelligent orchestration platform for DevSecOps. GitLab enables organizations to increase developer productivity, improve operational efficiency, reduce security and compliance risk, and accelerate digital transformation. More than 50 million registered users and more than 50% of the Fortune 100\* trust GitLab to ship better, more secure software faster.</p>
<p>The same principles built into our products are reflected in how our team works: we embrace AI as a core productivity multiplier, with all team members expected to incorporate AI into their daily workflows to drive efficiency, innovation, and impact. GitLab is where careers accelerate, innovation flourishes, and every voice is valued. Our high-performance culture is driven by our <a href="https://handbook.gitlab.com/handbook/values/">values</a> and continuous knowledge exchange, enabling our team members to reach their full potential while collaborating with industry leaders to solve complex problems. <a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OuZIb5zszQI">Co-create the future with us</a> as we build technology that transforms how the world develops software.</p>
<p>\*<em>Fortune 500® is a registered trademark of Fortune Media IP Limited, used under license. Claim based on GitLab data. Fortune 100 refers to the top 20% ranked companies in the 2025 Fortune 500 list, published in June 2025. Fortune and Fortune Media IP Limited are not affiliated with, and do not endorse products or services of GitLab.</em></p></div><p>A highly visible and customer-facing position, within the Professional Services organization, and the wider Customer Success team, that works with but not limited to Professional Services Engineers, Project Managers, Engagement Managers, Technical Architects, Professional Services Operations, and the Sales Organization. A Program Manager is responsible for overseeing and managing customer programs and a portfolio of projects. Their primary role is to ensure the successful delivery of client projects, including long-term strategy, while also managing the overall program and providing strategic guidance to the team and customer. The Professional Services Program Manager reports to the Regional Delivery Manager.</p>
<h2>Responsibilities</h2>
<ul>
<li>Lead delivery of multi-workstream professional services engagements with some of the largest and most strategic customers.</li>
<li>Build strong relationships with key customer stakeholders including executive leaders, counterpart program/project managers, engineering, development, and security and teams.</li>
<li>Develop a delivery methodology that leverages agile and project management best practices. Communicate how this methodology will be used to key customer stakeholders. Lead the execution of the methodology by bringing together customer and GitLab team members.</li>
<li>Build and continuously communicate Program Roadmap, dependencies, and deliverables</li>
<li>Manage stakeholder expectations to gain approval from stakeholders on project milestones.</li>
<li>Define program strategy to include
<ul>
<li>Program justification</li>
<li>Program benefits</li>
<li>In scope / Out of scope projects</li>
<li>Timeline and schedule</li>
<li>Resources (how many teams, PMs, PSEs, TAs etc)</li>
<li>Identify Stakeholders</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Create a program level RACI chart</li>
<li>Define Program Success Criteria</li>
<li>Create Program Level WBS (Work Breakdown Structure) for all the projects</li>
<li>Create Communication plans between projects with Stakeholders</li>
<li>Define Program Escalation Path</li>
<li>Work closely with Engagement Managers to define workstreams when scoping larger customer programs, which may include reviewing proposals or Statements of Work prior to signature</li>
<li>Assist the Regional Delivery Managers in creating and executing quarterly OKRs that drive optimization of all Project Manager processes</li>
</ul>
<h2>Requirements</h2>
<ul>
<li>Proficiency with forecasting and reporting metrics</li>
<li>Ability to lead Project Management Program Level meetings, including but not limited to, the Weekly PM meeting</li>
<li>Ability to formulate, organize, monitor, and manage inter-connected projects</li>
<li>Ability to manage budgets and timelines for long-term projects</li>
<li>Develop long-term plans in collaboration with customers</li>
<li>Ability to partner with Engagement Managers and Architects to develop long term plans in support of customer adoption and transformation</li>
<li>GitLab Project Management Certified within 2 months of the role</li>
</ul>
<div class="c-message\_actions\_\_container c-message\_\_actions">&nbsp;</div>
<div><span style="font-size: xx-small;"><span style="color: white;">Remote-Global</span></span></div><div class="content-conclusion"><h4><strong>How GitLab Supports Full-Time Employees</strong></h4>
<ul>
<li><a href="https://about.gitlab.com/handbook/total-rewards/benefits/general-and-entity-benefits/">Benefits to support your health, finances, and well-being</a></li>
<li><a href="https://handbook.gitlab.com/handbook/people-group/paid-time-off/">Flexible Paid Time Off</a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="https://about.gitlab.com/company/culture/inclusion/erg-guide/#:~:text=Definition%20of%20the%20TMRG%20%2D%20Team%20Member%20Resource%20Groups,-TMRGs%20are%20voluntary&amp;text=The%20purpose%20for%20this%20type,developing%20the%20sense%20of%20belonging.">Team Member Resource Groups</a></li>
<li><a href="https://handbook.gitlab.com/handbook/total-rewards/stock-options/">Equity Compensation &amp; Employee Stock Purchase Plan</a></li>
<li><a href="https://handbook.gitlab.com/handbook/people-group/learning-and-development/growth-and-development/">Growth and Development Fund</a></li>
<li><a href="https://about.gitlab.com/handbook/total-rewards/benefits/general-and-entity-benefits/#parental-leave">Parental leave</a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="https://handbook.gitlab.com/handbook/finance/expenses/#equipment">Home office</a> support</li>
</ul>
<p>Please note that we welcome interest from candidates with varying levels of experience; many successful candidates do not meet every single requirement. Additionally, studies have shown that people from <a href="https://about.gitlab.com/company/culture/inclusion/#examples-of-select-underrepresented-groups">underrepresented groups</a> are less likely to apply to a job unless they meet every single qualification. If you're excited about this role, please apply and allow our recruiters to assess your application.</p>
<hr>
<p><strong>Country Hiring Guidelines: </strong>GitLab hires new team members in countries around the world. All of our roles are remote, however some roles may carry specific location-based eligibility requirements. Our Talent Acquisition team can help answer any questions about location after starting the recruiting process.&nbsp;&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Privacy Policy: </strong>Please review our <a href="https://handbook.gitlab.com/handbook/hiring/candidate-faq/recruitment-privacy-policy/" target="\_blank">Recruitment Privacy Policy.</a> Your privacy is important to us.</p>
<p>GitLab is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. GitLab’s policies and practices relating to recruitment, employment, career development and advancement, promotion, and retirement are based solely on merit, regardless of race, color, religion, ancestry, sex (including pregnancy, lactation, sexual orientation, gender identity, or gender expression), national origin, age, citizenship, marital status, mental or physical disability, genetic information (including family medical history), discharge status from the military, protected veteran status (which includes disabled veterans, recently separated veterans, active duty wartime or campaign badge veterans, and Armed Forces service medal veterans), or any other basis protected by law. GitLab will not tolerate discrimination or harassment based on any of these characteristics. See also&nbsp;<a href="https://about.gitlab.com/handbook/people-policies/inc-usa/#equal-employment-opportunity-policy" target="\_blank">GitLab’s EEO Policy</a>&nbsp;and&nbsp;<a href="https://about.gitlab.com/handbook/labor-and-employment-notices/#eeoc-us-equal-employment-opportunity-commission-notices" target="\_blank">EEO is the Law</a>. If you have a disability or special need that requires&nbsp;<a href="https://about.gitlab.com/handbook/people-policies/inc-usa/#reasonable-accommodation" target="\_blank">accommodation</a>, please let us know during the&nbsp;<a href="https://about.gitlab.com/handbook/hiring/interviewing/#adjustments-to-our-interview-process" target="\_blank">recruiting process</a>.</p></div>