<h2><strong>About the Opportunity</strong></h2>
<p>We’re looking for a Technical Writing Manager (f/m/d) to own our documentation strategy end-to-end—elevating the quality, consistency, and discoverability of Contentful’s technical content. In this role, you will shape processes and frameworks, refine workflows, coordinate localization efforts for our product UI and documentation, and help build a world-class knowledge base for developers, marketers,&nbsp; and authors alike.</p>
<p>You are proactive, curious, and comfortable with ambiguity. You investigate deeply, bring structure where it’s missing, and drive clarity in complex problem spaces. Your work will meaningfully influence how customers adopt and scale with Contentful, directly contributing to our success at the enterprise level.</p>
<h2><strong>What to expect?&nbsp;</strong></h2>
<p>As the Technical Writing Manager (f/m/d), you will manage a Technical Writing Team and ensure documentation is to a high standard and have a passion for enhancing localisation in our product:</p>
<p><strong>Drive High-Quality Documentation</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Lead and develop a small team of Technical Writers.</li>
<li>Develop a holistic documentation strategy covering processes, tooling, delivery frameworks, and customer-feedback loops for continual improvement.</li>
<li>Conduct regular reviews and provide coaching to help writers grow and increase their customer impact.</li>
<li>Produce industry-leading technical content, including API documentation, release notes, how-to guides, and FAQs</li>
<li>Review, test, and edit content from non-writer contributors</li>
<li>Identify gaps in Contentful’s knowledge presence and work cross-functionally to address them</li>
<li>Partner with product managers, engineers, designers and customer-facing teams to develop content when needed</li>
<li>Contribute to the Help Center to make Contentful more approachable for developers, marketers, and editors</li>
<li>Establish repeatable checklists and process checkpoints for successful documentation releases</li>
<li>Build mechanisms for customer feedback to guide documentation improvement</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Own Localization</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Act as the subject-matter expert on product UI, documentation localization and co-ordination efforts around localization of our product.</li>
<li>Act as the subject-matter expert on product UI and documentation localization.</li>
<li>Drive and execute localization strategy to ensure Contentful product UI and documentation is accessible to a global audience.</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>What you need to be successful?</strong></h2>
<p><strong>Required Skills</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Expertise in localization practices and workflows</li>
<li>Exceptional attention to detail and strong organizational skills</li>
<li>Strong technical writing skills</li>
<li>Excellent communication and interpersonal skills</li>
<li>Strong process orientation with a passion for operational excellence</li>
<li>A growth mindset with a desire to learn and help others learn</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Preferred Experience</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Familiarity with API documentation and docs-as-code workflows</li>
<li>Engineering background or technical skills</li>
<li>Demonstrated experience managing or leading teams</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>What’s in it for you?</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Join an ambitious tech company reshaping the way people build digital experiences</li>
<li>Full-time employees receive Stock Options for the opportunity to share in the success of our company</li>
<li>Fertility and family building benefits, including a lifetime reimbursable wallet to support your growing family</li>
<li>We value<strong> Work-Life balance </strong>and<strong> You Time</strong>!<strong> </strong>A generous amount of paid time off, including vacation days, sick days,&nbsp; education days, compassion days for loss, and volunteer days</li>
<li>Time off to care for and focus on your growing family&nbsp;</li>
<li>Use your personal annual education budget to improve your skills and grow in your career</li>
<li>Enjoy a full range of virtual and in-person events, including workshops, guest speakers, and fun team activities, supporting learning and networking exchange beyond the usual work duties&nbsp;</li>
<li>An annual wellbeing stipend to care for your physical, financial, or emotional health</li>
<li>A monthly communication phone/internet stipend and phone hardware upgrade reimbursement</li>
<li>New hire office equipment stipend for hybrid or distributed employees. Get the gear you need to work at your best</li>
</ul>
<p>#LI-remote #LI-AT1</p><div class="content-conclusion"><h2><strong>Who are we?</strong></h2>
<p>Contentful is a leading <strong>digital experience platform</strong> that helps modern businesses meet the growing demand for engaging, personalized content at scale. By blending composability with native <strong>AI</strong> capabilities, Contentful enables dynamic personalization, automated content delivery, and real-time experimentation, powering next-generation digital experiences across brands, regions, and channels for more than 4,200 organizations worldwide. More than <strong>700 people</strong> from more than <strong>70 nations</strong> contribute their energy and creativity to Contentful, working from hubs in Berlin, Denver, San Francisco, London, New York, and distributed worldwide.</p>
<h2><strong>Everyone is welcome here!</strong></h2>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;"><strong>“Everyone is welcome here”</strong> is a celebrated component of our culture. At Contentful, we strive to create an inclusive environment that empowers our employees. We believe that our products and services benefit from our diverse backgrounds and experiences, and we are proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applications will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, age, physical [dis]ability, or length of time spent unemployed. We invite you to apply and join us!</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">If you need reasonable accommodations at any point during the application or interview process, please let your recruiting coordinator know.</span></p>
<p class="p1"><span style="color: #3e3e3e;"><em>Please be aware of scammers who may fraudulently allege to be from Contentful. These types of fraud can be carried out through copycat websites, fake email addresses claiming to be from our company, or social media. We do not ask for your personal information, such as bank account numbers, identification numbers, etc, through social media or chat-based apps, nor do we request or send money for the purchase of business equipment. If you suspect fraud, please report it to your local authorities, as well as reach out to us at <a href="mailto:security-esk@contentful.com" target="\_blank">security-esk@contentful.com</a> </em></span><span style="color: #3e3e3e;"><em>with any information you may have.</em></span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">By clicking “Apply for this job,” I acknowledge that I have read the “</span><a href="https://www.contentful.com/legal/us/privacy-notice-to-candidates/privacy/" target="\_blank"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Contentful’s Candidate Privacy Notice</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">” and hereby consent to the collection, processing, use, and storage of my personal information as described therein.</span></p></div>