<div class="content-intro"><p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Every day, tens of millions of people come to Roblox to explore, create, play, learn, and connect with friends in 3D immersive digital experiences– all created by our global community of developers and creators.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">At Roblox, we’re building the tools and platform that empower our community to bring any experience that they can imagine to life. Our vision is to reimagine the way people come together, from anywhere in the world, and on any device.</span><strong> </strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re on a mission to connect a billion people with optimism and civility, and looking for amazing talent to help us get there.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">A career at Roblox means you’ll be working to shape the future of human interaction, solving unique technical challenges at scale, and helping to create safer, more civil shared experiences for everyone.</span></p></div><p>The Developer Relations team at Roblox is looking for a contractor to support our community growth team. This role is ideal for someone who is passionate about Roblox development and the creator community and excited to help strengthen developer skills, foster connections across the community, and encourage the creation of novel games on the platform.</p>
<p>This is a 6-month, part-time contract position focused on supporting the planning and execution of global developer engagement initiatives. In this role, you will help organize and manage both online and in-person events that bring developers together to learn, collaborate, and grow. You will also engage directly with creators to build relationships and help identify high-potential developers creating innovative experiences on Roblox.</p>
<p><strong>You will:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Help plan and execute global online and in-person developer events, workshops, and initiatives</li>
<li>Support project management and logistics for developer engagement programs</li>
<li>Build relationships with developers through community engagement and calls</li>
<li>Identify and engage high-potential creators building innovative experiences on Roblox</li>
<li>Support initiatives that encourage learning, collaboration, and novel game creation</li>
<li>Stay organized across multiple projects and communicate proactively with the team</li>
<li>Develop an understanding of Roblox development and the challenges developers may encounter on the platform.</li>
<li>Help facilitate initiatives that encourage the creation of novel games and support developer learning.</li>
<li>Contribute to inclusive global initiatives designed to support creators across regions and experience levels.</li>
<li>Work 20 hours per week&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>You have:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Strong understanding of Roblox and the Roblox developer community</li>
<li>Good standing regarding Roblox moderation history</li>
<li>Passion for supporting and empowering creators</li>
<li>Experience engaging or growing online communities</li>
<li>Strong communication, collaboration, and organizational skills</li>
<li>Experience coordinating community initiatives, events, or developer programs.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>You are:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Organized and capable of managing multiple projects at once</li>
<li>Collaborative and proactive in a fast-moving environment</li>
<li>Passionate about community building and developer success</li>
<li>Physically located within North America</li>
</ul><div class="content-pay-transparency"><div class="pay-input"><div class="description"><p><span style="font-size: 14px;">For roles that are based at our headquarters in San Mateo, CA: The starting base pay for this position is as shown below. The actual base pay is dependent upon a variety of job-related factors such as professional background, training, work experience, location, business needs and market demand. Therefore, in some circumstances, the&nbsp;actual hourly rate&nbsp;could fall outside of this expected range. This pay range is subject to change and may be modified in the future.&nbsp;<em>Please note that not all benefits on <a href="https://careers.roblox.com/total-rewards">this page</a> are applicable to this hourly position.</em></span></p></div><div class="title">Hourly Pay Range</div><div class="pay-range"><span>$20</span><span class="divider">&mdash;</span><span>$20 USD</span></div></div></div><div class="content-conclusion"><p>Roles that are based in an office are onsite Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thursday, with optional presence on Monday and Friday (unless otherwise noted).</p>
<p>Roblox provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any type without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws. Roblox also provides reasonable accommodations to candidates with qualifying disabilities or religious beliefs during the recruiting process.</p>
<p>For US based roles only, please note the Company may not be able to employ candidates for this role who have United States work authorization related to certain U.S. visa categories, or support future H-1B sponsorship at this time.</p></div>