<h2><strong>Who we are</strong></h2>
<div>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">Helsing is a defence AI company. Our mission is to protect our democracies. We aim to achieve technological leadership, so that open societies can continue to make sovereign decisions and control their ethical standards.</span><span data-ccp-props="{">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">As democracies, we believe we have a special responsibility to be thoughtful about the development and deployment of powerful technologies like AI. We take this responsibility seriously.</span><span data-ccp-props="{">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span data-contrast="none">We are an ambitious and committed team of engineers, AI specialists and customer-facing programme managers.<span data-contrast="auto">&nbsp;We are looking for mission-driven people to join our European teams – and apply their skills to solve the most complex and impactful problems. We embrace an open and transparent culture that welcomes healthy debates on the use of technology in defence, its benefits, and its ethical implications.</span><span data-ccp-props="{">&nbsp;</span></span></p>
</div>
<h2><strong>The role</strong></h2>
<div>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="3974">As an Avionics Systems Engineer for communication, you will be responsible for defining the end-to-end architecture for airborne communication systems, spanning data, voice and mission critical data links. You will collaborate with industry partners and work closely with platform teams to integrate emerging technology onto air platforms. In this role you will engage with a diverse range of partners, suppliers and government stakeholders to align on standards and interoperability.</p>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="4461">Your work will be central to shaping the future of airborne mission systems. You will be responsible not only for defining the system, but also driving it through all development stages and ultimately onto the platform.</p>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="4684">In achieving this goal you will work with a diverse, high-calibre team of experts, strategists and partners.</p>
</div>
<h2>The day-to-day</h2>
<ul class="ak-ul" data-indent-level="1">
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="4816">Lead the system design and development of airborne and ground-based communication architectures, leveraging modern technologies</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="4947">Manage the relationship with stakeholders, partners, suppliers and government stakeholders</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="5041">Manage the systems engineering lifecycle, from requirements development to qualification.&nbsp;</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="5135">Prepare and supervise tests at system and aircraft level, including flight tests</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="5222">Create the certification and compliance documentation.&nbsp; Ensure adherence to aviation and regulatory standards throughout the development lifecycle</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="5372">Provide regular reporting on project status and technical changes to Chief Engineering and Programme Management</p>
</li>
</ul>
<h2 id="You’ll-do-great-if-you….3" data-renderer-start-pos="15247"><strong>You should apply if you</strong></h2>
<ul class="ak-ul" data-indent-level="1">
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="5516">Hold a relevant degree such as a Bachelor's or Master's in Aerospace Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Computer Science, or a related field</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="5662">Have led the design and development of a military or civil communication system for an air platform</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="5765">Have a deep knowledge of&nbsp; military and civil communication technology, including Software defined radios, data links, air to air and air to ground communications, cybersecurity, RF comms and SATCOM, Network management, jamming, antenna design, Electronic warfare, secure comms</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="6045">You have familiarity with systems engineering, aircraft certification, and avionics integration</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="6144">Have excellent communication skills and the ability to report and present findings clearly and efficiently both internally and externally.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="6286">Are passionate about keeping up to date with current research and technology.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p><em data-renderer-mark="true"><em data-stringify-type="italic">Note: We operate in an industry where women, as well as other minority groups, are systematically</em>&nbsp;<em data-stringify-type="italic">under-represented. We encourage you to apply even if you don’t meet all the listed qualifications; ability and impact cannot be summarised in a few bullet points.</em></em></p>
<h2><strong><span data-contrast="auto">Join Helsing and work with world-leading experts in their fields</span><span data-ccp-props="{">&nbsp;</span></strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">Helsing’s work is important. You’ll be directly contributing to the protection of democratic countries while balancing both ethical and geopolitical concerns</span></p>
</li>
<li>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">The work is unique. We operate in a domain that has highly unusual technical requirements and constraints, and where robustness, safety, and ethical considerations are vital. You will face unique Engineering and AI challenges that make a meaningful impact in the world</span></p>
</li>
<li>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">Our work frequently takes us right up to the state of the art in technical innovation, be it reinforcement learning, distributed systems, generative AI, or deployment infrastructure. The defence industry is entering the most exciting phase of the technological development curve. Advances in our field of world are not incremental: Helsing is part of, and often leading, historic leaps forward</span></p>
</li>
<li>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">In our domain, success is a matter of order-of-magnitude improvements and novel capabilities. This means we take bets, aim high, and focus on big opportunities. Despite being a relatively young company, Helsing has already been selected for multiple significant government contracts</span></p>
</li>
<li>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">We actively encourage healthy, proactive, and diverse debate internally about what we do and how we choose to do it. Teams and individual engineers are trusted (and encouraged) to practise responsible autonomy and critical thinking, and to focus on outcomes, not conformity. At Helsing you will have a say in how we (and you!) work, the opportunity to engage on what does and doesn’t work, and to take ownership of aspects of our culture that you care deeply about</span></p>
</li>
</ul>
<h2 id="What-we-offer" data-renderer-start-pos="3238"><span id="6afa48f9-b797-428b-aa69-0bc8163b3593" data-renderer-mark="true" data-mark-type="annotation" data-mark-annotation-type="inlineComment" data-id="6afa48f9-b797-428b-aa69-0bc8163b3593">What we offer</span></h2>
<ul>
<li>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">A focus on outcomes, not time-tracking</span></p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Competitive compensation and stock options</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Relocation support</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Social and education allowances</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Regular company events and all-hands to bring together employees as one team across Europe</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>A hands-on onboarding program (affectionately labelled “Infraduction”), in which you will be building tooling and applications to be used across the company. This is your opportunity to learn our tech stack, explore the company, and learn how we get things done - all whilst working with other engineering teams from day one<span data-ccp-props="{">&nbsp;</span></p>
</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><span data-ccp-props="{"><em data-stringify-type="italic">Helsing is an equal opportunities employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, religion, sexual orientation, age, marital status, disability or gender identity. Please do not submit personal data revealing racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, trade union membership, data concerning your health, or data concerning your sexual orientation.</em></span></p><div class="content-conclusion"><div>&nbsp;</div>
<div>Helsing's Candidate Privacy and Confidentiality Regime can be found <a href="https://helsing.ai/candidate-privacy-and-confidentiality-regime/" target="\_blank">here</a>.&nbsp;</div>
<div>&nbsp;</div>
<div>&nbsp;</div></div>