<div class="content-intro"><p class="sc-gEkIjz cjtSrT MuiTypography-root MuiTypography-body1 sc-hoLEA">Raisin is the world's leading platform for savings and investment products. Founded in 2012, the&nbsp;<strong>FinTech</strong> connects consumers with banks in the EU, the UK and the US. This gives consumers <strong>better interest rates</strong> and banks a <strong>diversified form of refinancing</strong>. Our vision is to offer savings and investments without barriers and thus open up the global 160 trillion euro market.</p>
<p class="sc-gEkIjz cjtSrT MuiTypography-root MuiTypography-body1 sc-hoLEA">Raisin currently employs more than 800 people from over 75 countries worldwide. Today, the platform holds over 80 billion euros in assets from&nbsp;<strong>more than one million investors</strong> which have accrued over 5 billion euros in returns.</p></div><p><span style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0);"><strong>Team<br></strong>We are seeking a motivated and reliable working student to join our international B2C team, focused on growing our retail customer base and increasing their satisfaction. You will support the core channels of the DACH market with some important topics and act as a “mini country head” for our Austrian market.<strong><br><br></strong></span><strong>Your Responsibilities</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Drive the development of our Austrian market into the next stage of growth - identify, define and implement growth initiatives for Raisin Austria.</li>
<li>Conducting market research and identifying opportunities for growth and process improvement.</li>
<li>Developing and implementing strategies to increase customer satisfaction and loyalty.</li>
<li>Working closely with various departments and a multitude of stakeholders (Customer service, CRM, Relationship Management and Marketing).</li>
<li>Support with a variety of tasks related to our sponsorship of Union Berlin and the preparation of customer events.</li>
<li>Translating documents and providing administrative support.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Your Profile</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>You have at least C1 German language skills and fluent English skills.</li>
<li>You live in Berlin (or are able to relocate there for the time of the internship).</li>
<li>You are studying marketing, business administration, communications, economics or a comparable field of study.</li>
<li>You have strong communication and interpersonal skills and you excel at problem-solving.</li>
<li>You might not have all the answers - but you are willing and able to search until you find them.</li>
<li>You are motivated and proactive, looking for opportunities to add value.</li>
<li>You have a general interest in financial topics.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Join our mission, join our team – and grow with us!</strong></p>
<p>At Raisin, we care about each other and it is one of our top priorities to foster an open and caring environment in which everyone feels welcome and comfortable. Our culture is strongly driven by our ambitious team, which connects more than 75 different nationalities.</p>
<p>As part of our team, you will benefit from:</p>
<ul>
<li>Employee Development Budget of €400 and one full training day per year.</li>
<li>Flexible working hours, home office and 20 vacation days per year.</li>
<li>Do you miss being in the office? The Deutschland Ticket gets you there, which we subsidize with €25 per month.</li>
<li>Enjoy more than 50+ different sports with Urban Sports Club: We subsidize your membership with more than €20 per month.</li>
<li>Hungry all the time? Snacks, daily fresh fruit as well as drinks provided at the office.</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><p><a href="https://www.raisin.com/corporate/raisin-applicant-privacy-policy/"><em>Raisin Applicant Privacy Policy</em></a></p>
<p data-start="728" data-end="900">We value diversity and the unique experiences each individual brings. If you’re excited about this role but don’t meet every requirement, we still encourage you to apply.</p>
<p data-start="907" data-end="1013">We are an equal opportunity employer and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for everyone, regardless of race, colour, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, or gender identity.</p></div>