<div class="content-intro"><p class="sc-gEkIjz cjtSrT MuiTypography-root MuiTypography-body1 sc-hoLEA">Raisin is the world's leading platform for savings and investment products. Founded in 2012, the&nbsp;<strong>FinTech</strong> connects consumers with banks in the EU, the UK and the US. This gives consumers <strong>better interest rates</strong> and banks a <strong>diversified form of refinancing</strong>. Our vision is to offer savings and investments without barriers and thus open up the global 160 trillion euro market.</p>
<p class="sc-gEkIjz cjtSrT MuiTypography-root MuiTypography-body1 sc-hoLEA">Raisin currently employs more than 800 people from over 75 countries worldwide. Today, the platform holds over 80 billion euros in assets from&nbsp;<strong>more than one million investors</strong> which have accrued over 5 billion euros in returns.</p></div><p><span style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0);"><strong>Team</strong></span></p>
<p>The Procurement team is responsible for leading and overseeing Raisin's global procurement strategy in alignment with the business objectives while complying with policies and regulations and adhering to Raisin's high audit, compliance and risk management standards. This procurement team plays a critical role in optimising Raisin's procurement processes to drive efficiency, cost savings, and value across the organisation.</p>
<p><strong>Your Responsibilities</strong></p>
<ul>
<li data-start="128" data-end="269">Manage and execute day-to-day procurement operations across the Raisin Group, ensuring smooth, compliant, and efficient purchasing workflows.</li>
<li data-start="128" data-end="269">Serve as a central point of contact for procurement-related queries, supporting stakeholders across departments including Legal, Finance, Risk, and Security.</li>
<li data-start="128" data-end="269">Own and enhance the use of ZIP, driving adoption, data accuracy, and process automation.</li>
<li data-start="128" data-end="269">Lead vendor onboarding and ongoing management in alignment with internal compliance and risk requirements.</li>
<li data-start="128" data-end="269">Collaborate with stakeholders to identify sourcing needs, provide market insights, and negotiate commercial terms.</li>
<li data-start="128" data-end="269">Establish and maintain procurement policies and guidelines to ensure consistency and transparency across all entities.</li>
<li data-start="128" data-end="269">Monitor procurement performance metrics and identify opportunities to optimise cost, quality, and timelines.</li>
<li data-start="128" data-end="269">Support cross-functional initiatives related to spend management, contract lifecycle improvements, and procurement reporting.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Your Profile</strong></p>
<ul>
<li data-start="113" data-end="232">You bring 3+ years of experience in procurement, especially in managing indirect spend and services across departments.</li>
<li data-start="113" data-end="232">Comfortable leading cross-functional procurement workflows and navigating complex internal processes involving Legal, Risk, InfoSec, and Finance.</li>
<li data-start="113" data-end="232">Skilled in using procurement intake and workflow platforms such as Zip, Coupa, Ariba, or similar tools.</li>
<li data-start="113" data-end="232">Known for being highly organised and detail-oriented, with the ability to manage multiple procurement processes in parallel.</li>
<li data-start="113" data-end="232">Strong communicator who can clearly translate procurement needs to business stakeholders and build trust across teams.</li>
<li data-start="113" data-end="232">Self-starter who thrives in dynamic, high-growth environments and is comfortable with ambiguity.</li>
<li data-start="113" data-end="232">Bonus if you’ve worked in fintech, SaaS, or regulated industries—or have experience with multi-country procurement and vendor onboarding standards.</li>
<li data-start="113" data-end="232">Familiarity with procurement compliance considerations such as data privacy, infosec, and regulatory requirements is a plus.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Join our mission, join our team – and grow with us!</strong></p>
<p>At Raisin, we care about each other and it is one of our top priorities to foster an open and caring environment in which everyone feels welcome and comfortable. Our culture is strongly driven by our ambitious team, which connects more than 75 different nationalities.</p>
<p>As part of our team, you will benefit from:</p>
<ul>
<li>Employee Development Budget of €2,000 and four full training days per year.</li>
<li>Flexible working hours, home office and 30 vacation days.</li>
<li>A company pension scheme (Betriebliche Altersvorsorge), which we support with 20%.</li>
<li>Enjoy more than 50+ different sports with Urban Sports Club: We subsidize your membership with more than €20 per month.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Do you miss being in the office? The Deutschland Ticket gets you there, which we subsidize with €25 per month.</li>
<li>Love cycling? With JobRad, lease the bike of your choice and enjoy tax savings, plus Raisin covers your monthly insurance costs.</li>
<li>Hungry all the time? Snacks, daily fresh fruit as well as drinks provided at the office.</li>
<li>You are moving from another country or city to join us? We may support your relocation.</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><p><a href="https://www.raisin.com/corporate/raisin-applicant-privacy-policy/"><em>Raisin Applicant Privacy Policy</em></a></p>
<p data-start="728" data-end="900">We value diversity and the unique experiences each individual brings. If you’re excited about this role but don’t meet every requirement, we still encourage you to apply.</p>
<p data-start="907" data-end="1013">We are an equal opportunity employer and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for everyone, regardless of race, colour, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, or gender identity.</p></div>