<h2><strong>The role: What's in the Box</strong></h2>
<p>Factor is seeking an&nbsp;<strong>Downstream Operations Manager</strong> to join our fast-growing Operations team in Amsterdam. In this role, you will play a key part in ensuring our customers receive their fresh, ready-to-eat meals exactly as intended. Working within the Factor Operations team, you will coordinate and support the fulfillment and delivery processes that make our mission possible.</p>
<p>This position is a&nbsp;<strong>fixed-term contract for 7 months</strong>&nbsp;to provide cover during a maternity leave.&nbsp;Although this role is a maternity cover, Factor is a fast-growing business with plenty of momentum and expanding teams. Our continued growth regularly creates new opportunities across the company, which means there could be a chance to explore further roles within our Operations team once the contract ends.</p>
<p>Your focus will be on maintaining continuity across our downstream operations and supporting our ongoing logistics initiatives. Operating across five European countries, Factor collaborates closely with local HelloFresh teams to optimize and execute operations within unique supply chain setups. As Downstream Operations Manager, you will support daily operations, help drive logistics improvements, and coordinate middle- and last-mile delivery systems to keep our operations running smoothly.</p>
<p><strong>Practical details&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><strong>Start date</strong>: June 16, 2026</li>
<li><strong>End date</strong>: January 15, 2027</li>
<li><strong>Indicative hours per week</strong>: 40 hours&nbsp;</li>
<li><strong>Location</strong>: Amsterdam</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>What you’ll do: The Recipe</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li><strong>Drive and Coordinate Operations:</strong> Take ownership of daily operations by planning and overseeing operational and logistics processes in collaboration with HelloFresh and Factor stakeholders.</li>
<li><strong>Solve Operational Challenges:</strong> Tackle challenges creatively and proactively, ensuring minimal customer impact - your innovative solutions are always welcome!</li>
<li><strong>Optimize Processes:</strong> Identify improvement opportunities across downstream operations, then lead the execution.</li>
<li><strong>Analyze and Act:</strong> Evaluate situations, analyze data, and determine the best course of action to resolve operational issues effectively.</li>
<li><strong>Streamline Documentation: </strong>Create structured and transparent documentation for downstream processes, making agreements and service levels easy to track.</li>
<li><strong>Collaborate Effectively: </strong>Build strong connections with colleagues and foster a people-oriented approach to teamwork. Adapt to a Dynamic Environment: Thrive in a fast-paced team and know when to seek support to ensure success.</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>What you’ll bring: The Ingredients</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li style="text-align: justify;">Minimum of 2 years, preferable 4+ years &nbsp;in an operational role, ideally in a business-to-consumer environment.</li>
<li style="text-align: justify;">Understanding of (high level) operational supply chains, especially logistics and fulfillment processes.</li>
<li style="text-align: justify;">A customer-first mindset, coupled with the ability to inspire others to prioritize the customer in their work.</li>
<li style="text-align: justify;">Flexibility to manage shifting priorities, tasks, and work environments with ease.</li>
<li style="text-align: justify;">Ability to enhance and streamline repetitive tasks.</li>
<li style="text-align: justify;">Comfort with visiting operational locations in Europe and you feel comfortable on the production floor.</li>
<li style="text-align: justify;">Affinity with process improvement and project management.</li>
<li style="text-align: justify;">Fluent in English with the ability to adapt your communication style to different audiences.</li>
<li style="text-align: justify;">Ambition, eagerness to learn, and a drive to develop alongside a motivated team.</li>
</ul>
<p style="text-align: justify;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Above all, we are looking for people who will <strong>make Factor</strong>&nbsp;<strong>better.</strong> We believe there are many different ways of developing skills and we love diverse experiences! So even if you don’t “tick all the boxes” but think you’d thrive in this role, we would really like to learn more about you.</span></p>
<h2><strong>What we offer: The Toppings</strong></h2>
<p><em>Compensation &amp; Financial Wellbeing</em></p>
<ul>
<ul>
<li>Enjoy 20% off HelloFresh and 40% off Factor\_ subscriptions.</li>
<li>Access the "<em>Benefits at Work</em>" platform for discounts on brands like Nike, Bol.com, and IKEA.&nbsp;</li>
<li>You'll receive a HelloFresh laptop, a €250 home office setup budget, and contribute to the Bedrijfspensioenfonds Levensmiddelen pension scheme (2026 rate 27.6%; employer pays 19.64%, employee pays 7.96%).</li>
</ul>
</ul>
<p><em>Health &amp; Wellbeing</em></p>
<ul>
<ul>
<li>Benefit from discounts on ClassPass and gym memberships via Bedrijfsfitness Nederland, free bootcamp classes (Amsterdam), and free subscriptions to Headspace and OpenUp.</li>
<li>Get a 7,5% discount on additional health insurance at Zilveren Kruis in 2025.</li>
</ul>
</ul>
<p><em>Flexibility &amp; Work-Life</em></p>
<ul>
<ul>
<li>Work flexibly with our hybrid setup (50% office, 50% remote), plus a €2.40 daily remote work allowance.</li>
<li>Receive 24 days of annual leave (pro-rated), plus one additional day per year of service (up to 30 days total).</li>
<li>Full reimbursement for 2nd-class public transport to the office, plus €0.23 per km for car and bicycle travel.</li>
<li>Eligible employees can work from another country for up to 8 weeks per year.</li>
</ul>
</ul>
<p><em>Career &amp; Development</em></p>
<ul>
<ul>
<li>Grow with our "Learning Never Stops" mindset:&nbsp; access internal/external opportunities, and join our cross-market mentoring program.</li>
<li>A dedicated annual budget to help you keep learning, developing new skills, and growing your career.</li>
</ul>
</ul>
<p><em>Culture &amp; Environment</em></p>
<ul>
<ul>
<li>Enjoy fresh homemade lunches in the office (€3.00/day), weekly vrij-mi-bo (Friday drinks), quarterly strategy sessions, and team events.</li>
</ul>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Are you up for the challenge?</strong></h2>
<p style="text-align: justify;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Please submit your complete application below including your salary expectations and earliest starting date.</span></p>
<p style="text-align: justify;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">After submitting an application our team will review this and get back to you within 5 business days.&nbsp;</span></p>