<div class="content-intro"><h3><strong>About Us at GoCardless</strong></h3>
<p>GoCardless is a <strong>global bank payment</strong> company. Over <strong>100,000 businesses</strong>, from start-ups to household names, use GoCardless to collect and send payments through direct debit, real-time payments and open banking.&nbsp;</p>
<p>GoCardless processes <strong>US$130bn+</strong> of payments annually, across <strong>30+ countries</strong>; helping customers collect and send both <strong>recurring</strong> and <strong>one-off payments</strong>, without the chasing, stress or expensive fees. We use AI-powered solutions to improve payment success and reduce fraud. And, with open banking connectivity to over <strong>2,500 banks</strong>, we help our customers make faster, more informed decisions.</p>
<p>We are headquartered in the<strong> UK</strong> with offices in <strong>London</strong> and <strong>Leeds</strong>, and additional locations in <strong>Australia, France, Ireland, Latvia, Portugal</strong> and the <strong>United States.</strong></p>
<p>At GoCardless, we're all about <strong>supporting you</strong>! We’re committed to making our hiring process <strong>inclusive</strong> and <strong>accessible</strong>. If you need extra support or adjustments, reach out to your <strong>Talent Partner</strong> — we’re here to help!&nbsp;</p>
<p>And remember: we don’t expect you to meet every single requirement. If you’re excited by this role, <strong>we encourage you to apply!</strong></p></div><p><strong>The role</strong></p>
<p>The technical challenges in GoCardless span from building support for banking schemes to optimising technical processes. We’re looking for engineers to join our growing Connectivity Group, where you’ll be working on problems that sit at the core of GoCardless: building and maintaining the bank and scheme integrations that make it possible to keep our merchants’ cash flowing.<br><br>We endeavour to build simple, reliable and performant systems, and we believe in using the best technologies for each task. Joining the Connectivity Group you’ll be working in a team that primarily uses: <strong>Ruby on Rails</strong>, <strong>PostgreSQL</strong>, BigQuery and Prometheus in Google Cloud with some Sentry tracing added to the mix. Together with your team, you will develop components that process over 10 million payments daily.<br><br>You’re not expected to have expertise in all these technologies. Members of our team have picked up the tools once they’ve started working with the team. If you’re unsure, please apply.<br><br></p>
<p><strong>What excites you</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><strong>Shipping stuff, </strong>you’ll work with your team to support changes to completion, delivering consistent positive impact across your product area.&nbsp;</li>
<li><strong>Growth mindset</strong>, motivated by driving concrete business outcomes.</li>
<li><strong>Raising the technical bar. </strong>You insist on high standards of technical design and implementation and ensure your systems are operationally excellent. You adapt to new technologies and processes quickly.</li>
<li><strong>Building for scale and autonomy,</strong> using modern technology and tooling.</li>
<li><strong>Collaborative environment.&nbsp;</strong>You believe the best products are built through collaboration.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>What excites us</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><strong>Professional experience of building applications in Ruby -</strong> You have experience building web products and services, and have an awareness of technologies across the stack.</li>
<li><strong>Enthusiasms about working in a strong culture of experimentation</strong>, testing and learning - to help us in experimenting ways to grow our product!</li>
<li><strong>You care</strong> about building reliable, well-tested systems.</li>
<li><strong>You enjoy solving problems</strong> and are happy to take initiative to find better solutions.</li>
</ul>
<p>We don’t expect you to meet every requirement. If you’re excited by this role, we encourage you to apply.</p>
<p><strong>Base salary range:</strong>&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li><strong>Software Development Engineer II:</strong> €2,933 to €4,400 gross</li>
<li><strong>Software Development Engineer III:</strong> €4,000 to €6,000 gross</li>
<li><strong>Senior Software Development Engineer:</strong> €5,300 to €8,000 gross</li>
</ul>
<p>Base salary ranges are based on role, job level, location, and market data.&nbsp; Please note that whilst we strive to offer competitive compensation, our approach is to pay between the minimum and the mid-point of the pay range until performance can be assessed in role. Offers will take into account level of experience, interview assessment, budgets and parity between you and fellow employees at GoCardless doing similar work.</p><div class="content-conclusion"><h3><strong>The Good Stuff!</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li><strong>Wellbeing</strong>: Dedicated support and medical cover to keep you healthy.</li>
<li><strong>Work Away Scheme</strong>: Work from anywhere for up to 90 days in any 12-month period.</li>
<li><strong>Hybrid Working</strong>: Our hybrid model offers flexibility, with in-office days determined by your team.</li>
<li><strong>Equity</strong>: All permanently employed GeeCees get equity to share in our success.</li>
<li><strong>Parental leave</strong>: Tailored leave to support your life's great adventure.</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><strong data-stringify-type="bold">Time off:</strong>&nbsp;Annual holiday leave based on your location, supplemented by 3 volunteer days and 4 wellness days.</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>Life at GoCardless </strong></h3>
<p>We're an organisation defined by our&nbsp;<a class="c-link" href="https://gocardless.com/g/values-operating-principles/" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://gocardless.com/g/values-operating-principles/" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">values</a>; We <strong>start with why</strong> before we begin any project, to ensure it’s aligned with our mission. We <strong>make it happen</strong>, working with urgency and taking personal accountability for getting things done. We <strong>act with integrity</strong>, always. We <strong>care deeply</strong> about what we do and we know it's essential that we <strong>be humble</strong> whilst we do it. Our Values form part of the GoCardless DNA, and are used to not only help us nurture and develop our culture, but to deliver impactful work that will help us to achieve our vision.</p>
<h3><strong>Diversity &amp; Inclusion</strong></h3>
<p>We’re building the <strong>payment network of the future</strong>, and to achieve our goal, we need a <strong>diverse team</strong> with a range of perspectives and experiences. As of July 2024, here’s where we stand:</p>
<ul>
<li>45% identify as women&nbsp;</li>
<li>23% identify as Black, Asian, Mixed, or Other&nbsp;</li>
<li>10% identify as LGBTQIA+&nbsp;</li>
<li>9% identify as neurodiverse&nbsp;</li>
<li>2% identify as disabled&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p>If you want to learn more, you can read about our Employee Resource Groups and objectives <a href="https://gocardless.com/about/diversity-inclusion/">here</a> as well as our latest<a href="https://gocardless.com/assets/40w0m41bmydz/3hqJy4SUqZqW3BmBHlESUe/d1c7932b97b8a8ebcd0fb07418432fe9/GoCardless\_Diversity\_\_\_Inclusion\_Report\_2022.pdf"> </a><a href="https://assets.ctfassets.net/40w0m41bmydz/zGxwfm2rTwqXV4bwOMODR/8c303a244c90e49c9fa7c2ede11cf1e6/GoCardless\_Diversity\_and\_Inclusion\_Report\_20230731\_\_1\_.pdf" target="\_blank">D&amp;I Report</a><strong>&nbsp;</strong></p>
<h3><strong>Sustainability at GoCardless</strong></h3>
<p>We’re committed to reducing our&nbsp;<strong>environmental impact</strong> and leaving a sustainable world for future generations. As co-founders of the <strong>Tech Zero coalition</strong>, we’re working towards a <strong>climate-positive future</strong>. Check out our sustainability<a href="https://gocardless.com/sustainability/" target="\_blank"> action plan</a> here.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Find out more about Life at GoCardless via <a href="https://x.com/gocardless" target="\_blank">X</a>,<a href="http://instagram.com/lifeatgocardless" target="\_blank"> Instagram</a> and<a href="http://linkedin.com/company/gocardless" target="\_blank"> LinkedIn</a>.&nbsp;</strong></p></div>