<div class="content-intro"><p><strong data-stringify-type="bold">Why work at Nebius<br></strong>Nebius is leading a new era in cloud computing to serve the global AI economy. We create the tools and resources our customers need to solve real-world challenges and transform industries, without massive infrastructure costs or the need to build large in-house AI/ML teams. Our employees work at the cutting edge of AI cloud infrastructure alongside some of the most experienced and innovative leaders and engineers in the field.</p>
<p><strong>Where we work<br></strong>Headquartered in Amsterdam and listed on Nasdaq, Nebius has a global footprint with R&amp;D hubs across Europe, North America, and Israel. The team of over 1400 employees includes more than 400 highly skilled engineers with deep expertise across hardware and software engineering, as well as an in-house AI R&amp;D team.</p></div><h3><strong>The role</strong>&nbsp;</h3>
<p>We are seeking a reliable, tech-savvy, and customer-focused&nbsp;<strong>Tier 1 Help Desk Technician</strong> to join our IT team. This position is responsible for providing first-level support for end-user IT issues, including hardware, software, and basic networking problems. The role is <strong>fully on-site (5 days a week)</strong> and requires a hands-on approach to assisting employees with day-to-day technical issues and setups.<br><br><span data-ccp-props="{&quot;335559685&quot;:720,&quot;335559991&quot;:360}">You’re welcome to work in our office in <strong>Amsterdam.</strong></span><br><br></p>
<p><strong><span data-ccp-props="{&quot;335559685&quot;:720,&quot;335559991&quot;:360}"><span class="TextRun MacChromeBold SCXW95146830 BCX0" lang="EN-US" data-contrast="auto"><span class="NormalTextRun SCXW95146830 BCX0" data-ccp-charstyle="Strong">Your responsibilities will include:</span></span></span></strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Serve as the first point of contact for users seeking technical assistance in person, messaging, ticket, or email.</li>
<li>Log, categorize, and prioritize all incoming support requests in the IT ticketing system.</li>
<li>Analyze, troubleshoot, resolve and document a broad scope of hardware, software, and peripheral issues (e.g., printers, monitors, network).</li>
<li>Assist with user account creation, password resets, and access permissions in Active Directory and other enterprise systems.</li>
<li>Install, configure, and maintain desktop/laptop computers, mobile devices, and software applications.</li>
<li>Escalate complex or unresolved issues to Tier 2/3 support in a timely manner.</li>
<li>Maintain and update asset inventory records.</li>
<li>Facilitate and support seamless onboarding and off-boarding processes, including workstation setup, re-imaging and return.</li>
<li>Follow standard procedures for proper escalation and ticket closure.</li>
<li>Provide excellent customer service by ensuring timely and clear communication with end users.</li>
<li>Extensively document actions taken and suggested resolutions in detail.</li>
<li>Actively contribute to IT knowledge base.</li>
<li>Assist with regular IT maintenance tasks, such as software updates and hardware checks (for both user endpoints and office infrastructure).</li>
<li>Ensure compliance with company IT policies and procedures.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong><span data-contrast="auto"><span data-ccp-charstyle="Strong">It will be an added bonus if you have:</span></span></strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Exhaust all possible scenarios within their access level when attempting to resolve an issue</li>
<li>Proactively seek feedback from peers, mentors, and leaders</li>
<li>Exhibits prideful ownership of work and proactively champions the needs of the team, users, and projects</li>
<li>Contribute to continuous service improvement by participating in projects and driving operational enhancements.</li>
<li>Build meaningful and fruitful relationships within the team and cross functionally</li>
<li>Fearlessly seek improvement personally, within processes, and within the team’s culture</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>We expect you to have:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>An IT customer support background with 4+ years of service desk technical experience.</li>
<li>Advanced troubleshooting skills in AV systems, Microsoft Azure, Microsoft 365 (including Office 365), networking, software and MDM administration, along with experience managing enterprise applications such as Slack, Jira, Zoom, and similar tools.</li>
<li>Technical documentation and knowledge base (KB) writing skills.</li>
<li>Hands-on experience with Jira or comparable service management systems.</li>
<li>A customer-first mindset, prioritizing employee satisfaction and support quality.</li>
<li>The ability to independently resolve technical issues across the support portfolio.</li>
<li>Strong organizational skills with the capacity to effectively prioritize and manage a busy workload.</li>
<li>A collaborative spirit, working seamlessly with cross-functional team members to meet employee needs and achieve company goals.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>What we offer</strong>&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>Competitive salary and comprehensive benefits package.</li>
<li>Opportunities for professional growth within Nebius.</li>
<li>Flexible working arrangements.</li>
<li>A dynamic and collaborative work environment that values initiative and innovation.</li>
</ul>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">We’re growing and expanding our products every day. If you’re up to the challenge and are excited about AI and ML as much as we are, join us!</span></p></div>