<p>We are looking for a service-oriented CRNA to join our family at Christus Spohn South, located in Corpus Christi, TX, where we have a collaborative team model of 3 Physicians and 7 CRNAs. Our group prides themselves in being the best, by fostering independent clinical judgement from start to finish. You won’t find stronger camaraderie than amongst our team, which includes the surgical staff as well. Christus Spohn South offers the best of all worlds; competitive salary, great work life balance, and wonderful practice atmosphere where everyone is proud to be a part of the team!</p>
<p><strong><u>Christus Spohn South Highlights:</u></strong></p>
<ul>
<li>$315(k) to $350(k) annual salary for 44 Weeks of Service</li>
<li><strong>No Call, Nights, Holidays, or Weekends!</strong></li>
<li>8 Weeks Off</li>
<li>1099 Position</li>
<li>Flexibility with schedule</li>
<li>Case types include bread and butter General surgery, Endo, Urology, Orthopedics, and GYN</li>
<li>No Hearts, Heads, Trauma or OB</li>
<li>Team Oriented Group that fosters camaraderie</li>
<li>Malpractice and tail coverage provided</li>
<li>158 bed level 3 small community hospital</li>
</ul>
<p><strong><u>Qualifications:</u></strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Regional Anesthesia proficiency is preferred, but we are willing to train</li>
<li>New grads welcome</li>
<li>Desire to work in an autonomous, collaborative team model alongside a great group of CRNAs and Anesthesiologists</li>
</ul>
<p><strong><u>Additional Benefits:</u></strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Access to group benefits through preferred partnerships</li>
<li>Paid Malpractice + tail</li>
<li>Wonderful support from our Corporate Clinical Leaders</li>
<li>Ability to earn additional income by picking up extra shifts at this location or our sister hospital, which is just down the street.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong><u>About Corpus Christi, TX</u></strong></p>
<ul>
<li>BEACH, BEACH, BEACH! The best beaches south Texas has to offer with crystal clear water and white sand beaches. Corpus Christi also boasts one of the country’s top fishing destinations for both bay fishing and offshore fishing. Recreational living at its best, with year-round good weather, it is the perfect destination if you like anything outdoors such as, biking, kayaking, boating, hunting, running, golf etc. Also enjoy a low cost of living, excellent schools and the convenience of being just a short drive away from San Antonio.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong><u>About Us:</u></strong></p>
<p>Essential Anesthesia Management, a partnership between YPS and EmergencHealth, is a clinician-founded, clinician-led anesthesia management company striving to deliver the highest quality anesthesia care to both patients and hospitals alike. Over the past several years, we have experienced significant growth, providing turn-key department management at over 125 facilities in 6 states. Over 1400 CRNA and Anesthesiologist providers make up the Essential Team. We are continually seeking additional service-minded professionals to join our team and pride ourselves on hiring the best and brightest.&nbsp;<strong>We want to hire exceptional people.</strong>&nbsp;If you want to be part of a great anesthesia team that really understands the day-to-day demands in the OR, please give us a call at 602-620-3037.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><em><span class="TextRun SCXW234030319 BCX8" lang="EN-US" data-contrast="auto"><span class="NormalTextRun SCXW234030319 BCX8">Essential Anesthesia Management</span><span class="NormalTextRun SCXW234030319 BCX8"> is committed to equal opportunity for all, without regard to race, religion, color, national origin, citizenship, sex, age, veteran status, disability, genetic information, or any other protected characteristic</span><span class="NormalTextRun SCXW234030319 BCX8">.&nbsp; </span><span class="NormalTextRun SCXW234030319 BCX8">Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the assigned and essential functions.</span></span><span class="EOP SCXW234030319 BCX8" data-ccp-props="{&quot;201341983&quot;:0,&quot;335559739&quot;:160,&quot;335559740&quot;:240}">&nbsp;</span></em></p></div>