<h2><strong>Who we are</strong></h2>
<h3><strong>About Stripe</strong></h3>
<p>Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies—from the world’s largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyone’s reach while doing the most important work of your career.</p>
<h3><strong>About the team</strong></h3>
<p>Our Asia-Pacific Marketing team’s mission is to engage priority audiences through impactful and relevant marketing campaigns and events, driving awareness, growth, and adoption of Stripe’s solutions. The Executive Marketing role is closely aligned with sales, collaborating with the GTM organization, including Sales and Partnerships. This role spans all customer segment executives (especially focused on must-win, strategic enterprise and Digital Native Start-Up organisations. As a marketing leadership position for APAC, it offers a significant opportunity to build and impact the Executive relationships in the region.</p>
<p><span style="font-size: 12pt;"><strong>What you’ll do</strong></span></p>
<p>In the APAC region, an Executive Marketing Leader for an enterprise like Stripe acts as a high-touch bridge between the company’s senior leadership and its most strategic users. The focus of this role is to position Stripe’s regional executives as thought leaders, increasing visibility and credibility in line with Stripe’s mission to grow the GDP of the internet. Ultimately, this role converts C-suite engagement into deep relationships and partnerships and measurable business outcomes, including brand consideration, strategic deal acceleration, and pipeline growth..&nbsp;</p>
<h3><strong>Responsibilities</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Executive Engagement Strategy:</li>
<ul>
<li>Design regional frameworks for Executive Account-Based Marketing (ABM) that target high-value "in-market" accounts and active buying groups.</li>
<li>Craft tailored engagement plans for Senior enterprise executives, startups and ecosystem stakeholders to reinforce Stripe as the leader in Financial Infrastructure&nbsp; and enterprise-ready organisation to support all business models</li>
</ul>
<li>Managing Executive Hospitality &amp; Events:</li>
<ul>
<li>Oversee end-to-end execution of executive events, ranging from private executive dinners to the executive engagements (one to one meetings)&nbsp; in large-scale conferences like Stripe Tour event platforms.</li>
<li>Ensure events are not just "gatherings" but strategic experiences designed to drive deeper account engagement and foster long-term client CxO level relationships.</li>
</ul>
<li>Leading Executive Programs for Corporate Events:</li>
<ul>
<li>Define event objectives, success metrics, and scope for major executive programs including Stripe Sessions and Tours and Customer Advisory boards.</li>
<li>Lead cross-functional workstreams (Sales, Product, Leadership) to produce executive engagement user-centric approaches that showcase newly updated solutions and market trends.</li>
</ul>
<li>Executive Thought Leadership &amp; Social Media:</li>
<ul>
<li>Devise strategies to build an authentic, authoritative presence for senior Stripe leaders&nbsp; (APAC CRO) on channels like LinkedIn,by partnering with Communications teams, focusing on value-driven education rather than self-promotion.</li>
<li>Utilize diverse formats—Partnering closely with Comms to increase APAC Stripe executive touch points via podcasts, articles, and short-form videos—to demonstrate industry insights and build organizational credibility.</li>
</ul>
<li>Strategic Event Identification &amp; Participation:</li>
<ul>
<li>Identify high-trust, high-value "niche" executive communities and industry circles for senior leaders to join and increase Stripe’s connection to shaping the financial infrastructure landscape in the region.&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<li>Executive Engagement ROI &amp; Pipeline Influence:</li>
<ul>
<li>Take a data-driven view to measure the success of executive programs, using metrics like Net Promoter Score (NPS) and marketing-attributed pipeline growth.</li>
<li>Accelerate deal cycles by using first-party engagement data to refine executive programs and identify "ready-for-conversation" participants.</li>
</ul>
<li>Building Partnerships &amp; Relationships:</li>
<ul>
<li>Serve as the key regional point of contact for senior management, senior leaders, and high-impact B2B users.</li>
</ul>
</ul>
<h2>&nbsp;</h2>
<h2><strong>Who you are</strong></h2>
<p>We’re looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.</p>
<h3><strong>Minimum requirements</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Key Competencies for APAC</li>
<ul>
<li>Deep Regional Expertise: Mastery of cultural nuances across hubs like Singapore, Tokyo, China and Australia.</li>
<li>Commercial Mindset: Strong partnership with regional sales teams to align executive marketing programs directly with account aspirations.</li>
<li>Cross-Functional Influence: Ability to navigate complex global structures and influence stakeholders across Sales, Product, and Communications.</li>
<li>Experience in interacting and engaging senior leadership inside customer and partner accounts.</li>
</ul>
<li>8+ years of relevant B2B marketing experience leading an Executive marketing function across multiple customer segments, including specific experience in executive content, event management, partnership marketing, and high -touch executive programs.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Proven track record in defining and executing Executive marketing strategies that achieve funnel metrics and KPIs.</li>
<li>Strong written and verbal communication skills in English, with the ability to convey complex topics simply.</li>
<li>Demonstrated leadership and collaboration skills across functions.</li>
<li>Strong experience partnering with Sales teams on joint planning, execution with key account executives</li>
<li>Proven track record as an Asia Pacific leader, collaborating with global marketing teams to drive strategic connections through executive programs and partnerships</li>
<li>Understanding and/or experience with CRM, account-based marketing, and event and sponsorship marketing tactics and technology.</li>
<li>AI user proficiency&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>Preferred qualifications</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>A startup mentality with a bias to action and the ability to flex in a fast-paced industry and work environment</li>
<li>Experience marketing fintech, cloud services, and/or software solutions&nbsp;</li>
<li>Superb organization and project management skills and the capacity to manage multiple complex projects at once</li>
<li>Excellent analytical skills and the ability to craft actionable insights from complex data</li>
<li>Resourceful, creative and dedicated to achieving operational and creative excellence</li>
<li>Experience delivering tailored marketing content and experiences for customer segments spanning from early stage startups to the largest enterprise companies</li>
<li>Understanding of the payments, financial technology, and/or ecommerce industries and partner ecosystems</li>
<li>Demonstrated success delivering executive marketing programs with and through consulting and technology partners</li>
</ul>