<div class="content-intro"><p class="sc-gEkIjz cjtSrT MuiTypography-root MuiTypography-body1 sc-hoLEA">Raisin is the world's leading platform for savings and investment products. Founded in 2012, the&nbsp;<strong>FinTech</strong> connects consumers with banks in the EU, the UK and the US. This gives consumers <strong>better interest rates</strong> and banks a <strong>diversified form of refinancing</strong>. Our vision is to offer savings and investments without barriers and thus open up the global 160 trillion euro market.</p>
<p class="sc-gEkIjz cjtSrT MuiTypography-root MuiTypography-body1 sc-hoLEA">Raisin currently employs more than 800 people from over 75 countries worldwide. Today, the platform holds over 80 billion euros in assets from&nbsp;<strong>more than one million investors</strong> which have accrued over 5 billion euros in returns.</p></div><p><span style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0);"><strong>Team</strong></span></p>
<p>Part of the Finance Department, our ERP team is a dedicated partner focused on managing and optimizing our NetSuite platform.</p>
<p><br><strong>Your Responsibilities</strong></p>
<ul>
<li data-path-to-node="2,0,0"><strong data-path-to-node="2,0,0" data-index-in-node="0">Feature Deployment:</strong> Implementing NetSuite features and custom solutions.</li>
<li data-path-to-node="2,0,0"><strong data-path-to-node="2,1,0" data-index-in-node="0">Stakeholder Management:</strong> Discussing and documenting requirements to derive technical solutions.</li>
<li data-path-to-node="2,2,0"><strong data-path-to-node="2,2,0" data-index-in-node="0">Domain Expertise:</strong> Applying working knowledge of Intercompany transactions, Revenue Management, Fixed Assets, and CRM.</li>
<li data-path-to-node="2,3,0"><strong data-path-to-node="2,3,0" data-index-in-node="0">Technical Support:</strong> Evaluating, troubleshooting, and resolving stakeholder requests.</li>
<li data-path-to-node="2,3,0"><strong data-path-to-node="2,4,0" data-index-in-node="0">Audit Support:</strong> Assisting with internal and external audit requirements.</li>
<li data-path-to-node="2,3,0"><strong data-path-to-node="2,5,0" data-index-in-node="0">Strategic Advice:</strong> Advising internal teams (Accounting, Controlling, Payments) on NetSuite best practices.</li>
<li data-path-to-node="2,3,0"><strong data-path-to-node="2,6,0" data-index-in-node="0">Data Maintenance:</strong> Supporting internal teams in maintaining system data integrity.</li>
<li data-path-to-node="2,3,0"><strong data-path-to-node="2,7,0" data-index-in-node="0">Training &amp; Admin:</strong> Conducting user training and managing roles, rights, and user administration.</li>
<li data-path-to-node="2,3,0"><strong data-path-to-node="2,8,0" data-index-in-node="0">System Optimization:</strong> Managing Saved Searches, custom fields, forms, records, workflows, and reporting.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Your Profile</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Bachelor’s degree in Information Science, Computer Science, Economics or Business Studies.</li>
<li>3+ years Oracle NetSuite experience as either NetSuite administrator or consultant.</li>
<li>High aptitude to understand complex assignments, analyze problems and draft solutions.</li>
<li>High affinity for numbers.</li>
<li>Ability to thrive in an energetic, fast-paced, high-growth environment.</li>
<li>Excellent communication skills in English, German is a plus.</li>
<li>Good understanding of data migration and system integrations.</li>
<li>Banking and/or finance background preferably.</li>
<li>Knowledgeable in advanced pdf layouts/HTML.&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Join our mission, join our team – and grow with us!</strong></p>
<p>At Raisin, we care about each other and it is one of our top priorities to foster an open and caring environment in which everyone feels welcome and comfortable. Our culture is strongly driven by our ambitious team, which connects more than 75 different nationalities.</p>
<p>As part of our team, you will benefit from:</p>
<ul>
<li>Employee Development Budget of €2,000 and four full training days per year.</li>
<li>Flexible working hours, home office and 30 vacation days.</li>
<li>A company pension scheme (Betriebliche Altersvorsorge), which we support with 20%.</li>
<li>Enjoy more than 50+ different sports with Urban Sports Club: We subsidize your membership with more than €20 per month.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Do you miss being in the office? The Deutschland Ticket gets you there, which we subsidize with €25 per month.</li>
<li>Love cycling? With JobRad, lease the bike of your choice and enjoy tax savings, plus Raisin covers your monthly insurance costs.</li>
<li>Hungry all the time? Snacks, daily fresh fruit as well as drinks provided at the office.</li>
<li>You are moving from another country or city to join us? We may support your relocation.</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><p><a href="https://www.raisin.com/corporate/raisin-applicant-privacy-policy/"><em>Raisin Applicant Privacy Policy</em></a></p>
<p data-start="728" data-end="900">We value diversity and the unique experiences each individual brings. If you’re excited about this role but don’t meet every requirement, we still encourage you to apply.</p>
<p data-start="907" data-end="1013">We are an equal opportunity employer and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for everyone, regardless of race, colour, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, or gender identity.</p></div>