<div class="content-intro"><p><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif; font-size: 12pt;">Airbnb was born in 2007 when two hosts welcomed three guests to their San Francisco home, and has since grown to over 5 million hosts who have welcomed over 2 billion guest arrivals in almost every country across the globe. Every day, hosts offer unique stays and experiences that make it possible for guests to connect with communities in a more authentic way.</span></p></div><p><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; color: #000000;"><strong>The Community You Will Join:</strong></span></p>
<p>Airbnb has built a global platform that connects travellers and hosts across 34,000 cities, offering more than two million listings worldwide. We run mission-critical enterprise systems that operate around the clock across all time zones. These systems are essential to enabling our teams to work efficiently and productively. As our Business Technology organization continues to expand, we are seeking highly motivated individuals who thrive in a fast-paced, high-performing team environment.</p>
<p>The Senior Systems Engineer role focuses on designing, building, and maintaining Oracle integrations and reports, as well as supporting application infrastructure. We are looking for someone who takes ownership of systems and processes, is eager to learn, and is enthusiastic about developing new tools that enhance and support our team’s capabilities.</p>
<h4>Role &amp; Responsibilities<strong>:</strong></h4>
<ul>
<li>Architect, build and manage integrations and micro services in Oracle Integration Cloud.</li>
<li>Design, code and execute on projects, continuously improving systems and operations</li>
<li>Document the Designs and Runbooks and Participate in the full Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC).</li>
<li>Provide guidance and share knowledge with other members in the team.</li>
<li>Support the Application infrastructure including OCI and more.</li>
<li>Build and maintain BIP reports on Oracle.</li>
<li>Understanding the requirements for different Oracle modules and coming up with solutions to review with the team and present to stakeholders.</li>
</ul>
<h4><strong>Requirements:</strong></h4>
<ul>
<li>Bachelors in Computer Science or Engineering</li>
<li>7+ years experience in programming languages like Java / Python / Type script.</li>
<li>Experience in using different ERP modules and cloud solutions including Financial (Accounting, AP, AR, Collections, Expense Management) Procurement (sourcing and supplier management), Planning (plan, schedule, forecast and budget) and Analytics.</li>
<li>Experience in securing data; understands PGP, SSH, OAuth, HTTPS, SFTP</li>
<li>Full life cycle implementation experience from requirements gathering/analysis to Go-Live and Post production support.</li>
<li>Expert in GitHub and CI/CD.</li>
<li>Good understanding of messaging infrastructure, data streaming and storage solutions.</li>
<li>Experience with Relational and NoSQL databases including ability to write, review and suggest PL/SQL code optimization.</li>
<li>Good to have experience&nbsp; in OIC, SQL, PL/SQL&nbsp; and&nbsp; Infrastructure.</li>
<li>Nice to have exposure in automations and end-to-end integrations using Oracle ERP Cloud, Oracle PaaS technologies like OIC, VBCS.</li>
<li>Experience in publishing and consuming web services, and their governance and administration.</li>
<li>Nice to have experience on customization related to Redwood pages in Oracle ERP cloud.</li>
<li>Nice to have experience on Oracle BIP, BICC extracts and OTBI reports and its customizations. Should be able to enhance the BIP query for optimum performance.</li>
<li>Good to have understanding of Oracle Cloud Infrastructure (OCI) and PaaS architecture with working experience on Object storage, Compute instances, ATP and IAM/IDCS.</li>
<li>Ability to manage multiple projects simultaneously.</li>
<li>The candidate should demonstrate a willingness to learn new technologies and possess skills in designing MCP systems or AI solutions.</li>
<li>Eager to take responsibility, accountability and ownership of systems and processes</li>
<li>Excited to learn and build on more tools the team uses</li>
<li>Good understanding in Infrastructure as Code using Terraform and Configuration Management using Chef.</li>
<li>Possesses strong verbal and written communication skills</li>
<li>Exposure to Oracle ERP cloud AI Agents and building ERP MCP servers would be an added advantage.</li>
</ul>
<p><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; color: #000000;"><strong>Our Commitment To Inclusion &amp; Belonging:</strong></span></p>
<p><span style="color: #000000; font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;">Airbnb is committed to working with the broadest talent pool possible. We believe diverse ideas foster innovation and engagement, and allow us to attract creatively-led people, and to develop the best products, services and solutions. All qualified individuals are encouraged to apply.</span></p>
<p><span style="color: #000000; font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;">&nbsp;</span></p>