<h4>Who we are</h4>
<p><strong>About Stripe</strong></p>
<p>Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies—from the world’s largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyone’s reach while doing the most important work of your career.</p>
<p><strong>About the team</strong></p>
<p>Stripe is looking for a marketing lawyer to join our growing legal team. This role will provide dedicated legal support to Stripe’s Marketing, Communications, and Design organizations in APAC and be instrumental in maturing and scaling Stripe’s legal support frameworks for these client groups in a growing, priority region for the company.</p>
<p><strong>What you’ll do</strong></p>
<p>The ideal candidate is passionate about Stripe’s mission of helping businesses grow and thrives in solving complex legal, technology, and business issues in collaboration with others. We’re looking for someone who is a team player and willing to jump in on tasks of any size. Experience in financial technology, payments, and/or financial services is helpful, but not required, for you to be successful in this role.&nbsp;&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Responsibilities</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Provide legal advice to the Marketing organization on commercial, marketing, and privacy issues across the APAC region.</li>
<li>Help ensure that Stripe’s APAC events, marketing materials, CRM practices, and brand- and product-related communications comply with applicable laws, global privacy frameworks, local regulations, and internal Stripe policies.</li>
<li>Draft, negotiate, and manage complex commercial and licensing agreements to support marketing, advertising, events, communications, and content creation.</li>
<li>Proactively monitor and analyze legislative, regulatory, and enforcement developments within Greater China and other key APAC markets, and translate the legal changes into clear, actionable advice and compliance strategies for the Marketing organization.</li>
<li>Apply sound judgment to manage and resolve time-sensitive escalations quickly and effectively to support the Marketing organization's ambitious objectives.</li>
<li>Drive compliance and operational efficiency, proactively identify opportunities for standardization, and lead projects to improve internal processes.</li>
<li>Draft and maintain template documents, playbooks, training materials, and other essential resources.</li>
<li>Collaborate effectively with key internal stakeholders across various teams, including Product Legal, Consumer Legal, Privacy Legal, Procurement, and Third Party Risk Management.</li>
<li>Oversee and manage outside counsel.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Who you are</strong></p>
<p>We’re looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.</p>
<p><strong>Minimum requirements</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>6+ years of relevant marketing legal experience, gained in-house or within a law firm's marketing practice group, including reviewing, drafting, and negotiating a variety of marketing and advertising contracts.</li>
<li>Subject matter expertise necessary to effectively review content for compliance with laws and policies and advise on APAC and global marketing legal issues.</li>
<li>Demonstrated regional knowledge of APAC markets, including Greater China, encompassing cultural, regulatory, and commercial sensitivities.</li>
<li>Proficiency in data protection frameworks such as GDPR and key APAC regulations (e.g., Singapore's PDPA, Australia's Privacy Act), particularly as they apply to sponsored events, CRM practices, and vendor/agency relationships.</li>
<li>Experience developing and delivering localized, practical legal training programs on marketing, advertising, and data privacy law specifically tailored for a non-legal audience in APAC.</li>
<li>A proactive mindset focused on identifying opportunities for improvement and enhancing operational efficiency.</li>
<li>Exceptional written and verbal communication skills, with the ability to collaborate effectively across diverse cross-functional teams.</li>
<li>A strong sense of ownership, willingness to approach tasks with enthusiasm and resourcefulness, and the ability to effectively prioritize and advance multiple concurrent deals, often under tight deadlines.</li>
<li>Humility, intellectual curiosity about the evolving payments industry, and a terrific sense of humor.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Preferred qualifications</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>In-house experience advising a high-growth company.</li>
<li>Fluency in Mandarin as substantial experience is required working with or providing counsel to clients in the Greater China Market</li>
<li>Understanding of industry-specific contract terms, governing frameworks (e.g., IAB), and commercial contracting practices within the marketing and adtech space.</li>
<li>Demonstrated experience with key internet and data-related regulations specific to Greater China.</li>
</ul>