<h2><strong>Who we are </strong></h2>
<h3><strong>About Stripe</strong></h3>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies - from the world’s largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups - use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyone's reach while doing the most important work of your career.</span></p>
<h3><strong>About the team</strong></h3>
<p>As Stripe’s user base and global footprint grows dramatically, we have distinctly unique support problems resulting from both our type of scale and the type of businesses we partner with. The Stripe Delivery Center (SDC) strategy will provide operational leverage and expand Stripe’s portfolio of operational capabilities to support the scaled needs for external users and internal Stripe teams. We strive to deliver frictionless experiences for all of our users, whether they are an Independent Business, Startup, SMB, or Enterprise and our mission is to provide all Stripe Users with the best support experience possible.</p>
<h2><strong>What you’ll do</strong></h2>
<p>You will recruit, manage, and develop a group of Marketing Operations Associates and team leads that are focused on delivering repeatable, measurable programs/campaigns targeted on spend optimization, producing highly qualified leads, improving the customer experience, and increasing retention. You will be leading the team who supports Stripe’s Marketing Operations and should not be afraid to jump in and perform production duties, especially in times of need. You will cultivate the happiness of your team members while guiding them to be the best they can be, through feedback, coaching, mentoring, and advocacy within the organization. This means helping to set team goals, and using metrics to efficiently measure and guide team performance in pursuit of those goals. You will have a strong operations mindset, be able to move quickly, and be passionate about delivering an incredible User experience.</p>
<h3><strong>Responsibilities</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Recruit, lead, develop, and coach a high-performing team of Marketing Operations Associates and Campaign Producers.</li>
<li>Partner with global counterparts in EMEA/AMER, necessitating flexible scheduling for cross-regional alignment on email marketing success, best practices, process, workflows, policies, execution and enablement.</li>
<li>Project manage marketing campaign production across the globe, including managing handoffs.</li>
<li>Support Marketo workflows, performance marketing operations and event analysis.</li>
<li>Ensure reportability of core operations cycles.</li>
<li>Optimize Marketing Operations processes.</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Who you are</strong></h2>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We're looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.</span></p>
<h3><strong>Minimum requirements</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>10+ years relevant work experience in Marketing Operations</li>
<li>5+ of experience in leading teams&nbsp;</li>
<li>6+ years of hands-on experience in Marketo (or similar) with a deep understanding of campaign architecture</li>
<li>Experience leading, mentoring, managing, and developing a team of Marketing Operations Campaign Producers responsible for delivering high-quality work</li>
<li>Experience building strong cross-functional partnerships with Marketing and internal technical support teams</li>
<li>Experience leading end-to-end execution of projects/programs that have significantly improved operations and delivered quantifiable business impact</li>
<li>Strong written and verbal communication skills with a precise talent for articulating challenges and generating insights and translating it into actionable recommendations</li>
<li>Solid analytical skills and a strong understanding of technical concepts</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>Preferred qualifications</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>A startup mentality with a bias to action and the ability to flex in a fast-paced environment</li>
<li>Experience and desire for contributing to developing business infrastructure and aggressively scaling a high growth business.</li>
<li>Experience at highly dynamic, high-growth tech companies</li>
<li>Great service mentality and track record of building positive relationships with peers</li>
<li>The ability to thrive on a high level of autonomy, responsibility and ambiguity</li>
<li>Creative problem solving skills and results driven</li>
<li>Critical eye for detail and analytical mindset</li>
</ul>