<h3>About Fetch</h3>
<p>At <a href="https://www.fetchpet.com/"><strong>Fetch</strong></a>, we’re dedicated to helping pets live their healthiest and happiest lives. Our comprehensive insurance coverage is designed with modern pet parents in mind, and we’re proud to support the veterinary, shelter, and breeder communities. We believe in ensuring pets receive the best care possible and are committed to making that vision a reality every day.</p>
<p>Fetch is a high-growth <a href="https://warburgpincus.com/"><strong>Warburg Pincus</strong></a> portfolio company with an expanding team of over 350 pet-loving employees working together to shape the future of pet health and wellness.</p>
<h3>About the Industry</h3>
<p>The pet insurance industry is more important than ever, offering peace of mind and financial protection for pet owners. The sector is expanding quickly, fueled by growing awareness of the need for accessible, high-quality veterinary care. With advances in veterinary medicine, pets now have access to the most effective treatments available, making pet insurance an essential component of modern pet care.</p>
<h3>About the Role</h3>
<p><strong>Overseeing the Southeast Region of Sales Agents. Property &amp; Casualty License Required.</strong></p>
<p><strong>States Include: FL, GA, NC, SC, TN, TX (open to candidates in any of these states)</strong></p>
<p>The&nbsp;<strong>Regional Shelter Sales Manager</strong><span data-redactor-span="true" data-redactor-style-cache="box-sizing: border-box; margin: 0px; padding: 0px;"><strong>&nbsp;</strong></span>will be an individual contributor who’s responsible for driving growth in their territory, targeting animal shelters and rescues. You must be passionate, competitive, positive, determined, focused, and driven to achieve results. A desire to help shape and grow this channel of business within North America’s #1 rated pet insurance — an organization that is creating market share rather than simply capturing it — is needed.&nbsp;&nbsp;</p>
<h3>Key Responsibilities:</h3>
<ul>
<li>Achieving sales growth within your territory efficiently and within budget</li>
<li>Meeting sales targets for each shelter within the territory for New Business and Wellness Sales</li>
<li>Manage 15 Shelter Sales Agents in assigned territory</li>
<li>Hiring, developing, training, and supporting Shelter Sales agents who will be selling in the shelter</li>
<li>Managing all administrative tasks and responsibilities relative to territory management</li>
<li>Accurately recording prospect and customer information in system</li>
<li>Proactively assessing partner needs on an ongoing basis through onsite visits and follow-up meetings</li>
<li>Clearly communicating competitive advantages of Fetch; demonstrating a deep understanding of Fetch and competitor pet health insurance products&nbsp;</li>
<li>Identifying opportunities for new business and elevating the management team in a timely fashion</li>
<li>Managing an expense budget and submitting completed reports monthly</li>
<li>Living up to Fetch’s commitment to continuously exceed customer expectation</li>
<li>Attending trade shows, exhibitions and company meetings as required&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>REQUIREMENTS:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Demonstrated success managing and developing teams of sales representatives, agents, or producers, with accountability for coaching, performance, and results in performance-based environments.</li>
<li>Must have (or obtain within 30 days of hire) a valid Property &amp; Casualty (P&amp;C) license in the employee’s state of residence.</li>
<li>Must have access to a reliable automobile and will receive a monthly travel expense allowance&nbsp;</li>
<li>Must be willing to travel within your territory, to corporate headquarters, and (as needed) events and/or conferences.</li>
</ul>
<h3>Why Join Fetch:&nbsp;</h3>
<ul>
<li>Be part of a mission-driven company that values creativity, innovation, transparency, and collaboration</li>
<li>When in office, enjoy complimentary lunch daily, and pets are always welcome</li>
<li>Join a team that genuinely cares about creating a positive, inclusive work environment where everyone can thrive</li>
</ul>
<h3>Compensation:</h3>
<ul>
<li>The pay range for this position is<strong> $115,000 - $150,000</strong> on a full-time basis</li>
<li>Along with base salary, your position may qualify for additional bonuses</li>
<li>This position is eligible for the Company’s bonus plan(s)</li>
</ul>
<h3>Benefits &amp; Perks:&nbsp;</h3>
<p>At Fetch, we recognize the importance of work-life balance and prioritize our employees' mental health and well-being, ensuring everyone can flourish both professionally and personally. Not just pets, we want our employees to live their best lives too — here at Fetch, you have access to the valuable benefits listed below.&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>Comprehensive Medical, dental, and vision plan for you and your family</li>
<li>Health Savings Accounts (HSAs) and Flexible Spending Accounts (FSAs) are available&nbsp;</li>
<li>Highly competitive 401(k) matching&nbsp;</li>
<li>Generous 20-day PTO Policy, with rollover options. Earn an additional day of PTO each year on your anniversary with Fetch, for a maximum of 30 days</li>
<li>Paid company (9) holidays, including (1) floating holiday</li>
<li>Fetch Pet Insurance discount - up to 50% off, up to $1,000 savings/year</li>
<li>Educational Assistance Program</li>
<li>Fetch Discount Perks Program</li>
<li>Volunteering - earn up to 8 hours per calendar year at nonprofit organizations</li>
<li>NYC Office Amenities: Pet-friendly environment, free lunch, snacks, and additional amenities; transit accessible</li>
<li>Employee Referral Incentive</li>
<li>Tuition Assistance</li>
<li>Commuter Benefits</li>
<li>Employee Assistance Program (EAP)</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p><div class="content-pay-transparency"><div class="pay-input"><div class="title">Pay Range</div><div class="pay-range"><span>$115,000</span><span class="divider">&mdash;</span><span>$150,000 USD</span></div></div></div><div class="content-conclusion"><p></p>
<p><strong>Recruiting Fraud Alert</strong></p>
<p>At Fetch, your personal information and online safety are paramount. Please be aware that only Fetch Recruiters and Hiring Managers will contact you regarding your application or background. All official communications from Fetch employees will originate from a fetchpet.com email address. You will never be asked for payments, financial details, or sensitive information like social security numbers by our Recruiters or Hiring Managers.</p>
<p><br><br></p>
<p><strong>EEO Statement</strong></p>
<p><strong>Fetch is proud to be an equal opportunity employer.</strong></p>
<p>We’re committed to building a workplace that reflects the diversity of pet parents everywhere—hiring and developing individuals from all backgrounds and experiences to strengthen our inclusive, collaborative culture. We welcome applications from all qualified candidates regardless of race, color, religion, national origin, sex, gender, age, marital status, appearance, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, family responsibilities, disability, medical condition, student status, political affiliation, military or veteran status, citizenship, genetic information, or any other status protected by law. Fetch will provide reasonable accommodations for individuals with disabilities throughout the hiring process.&nbsp;</p>
<p>If you need assistance or an accommodation to apply, please contact us at people@fetchpet.com</p>
<p><br>Read our Privacy Notice for <a href="https://www.fetchpet.com/privacy-policy#Cali">California Residents</a></p>
<p></p></div>