<p><strong>LOCATION:</strong> This role’s designated territory covers all of New England.</p>
<p>We are looking for a&nbsp;<strong>Clinical Oncology Specialist – Lymphoma</strong> to join our team in a field-based oncology diagnostics sales role. This is an exciting opportunity to drive the adoption and sales growth of Signatera, the first-to-market MRD CtDNA test, with a primary focus on Lymphoma within a defined territory. In this role, you will make a meaningful impact in oncology diagnostics, advancing patient care through innovative technology while collaborating with leading healthcare professionals.</p>
<h3>Key Responsibilities:</h3>
<ul>
<li>Develop expertise in Natera’s products, services, processes, policies, and teams, as well as competitor offerings, market practices, and payer/reimbursement dynamics to effectively position Signatera.</li>
<li>Achieve sales targets by driving new patient adoption, expanding the user base, and acquiring accounts.</li>
<li>Develop and execute a comprehensive business plan to gain and retain clients, aligning with national goals and organizational values.</li>
<li>Execute sales strategies and tactics, implementing sales and marketing plans to maximize pull-through opportunities.</li>
<li>Target academic Hematologists, Medical Oncologists, Pathologists, and select community oncology sites to drive adoption.</li>
<li>Execute a strategic territory plan, managing sales performance, new account acquisition, customer retention, and revenue growth.</li>
<li>Build and maintain trusted relationships with physicians and accounts through education, strategic initiatives, and innovative solutions.</li>
<li>Partner with solid tumor-focused COS, ACOS, and Medical Affairs to drive renewals, resolve Missing Information (MI) issues, and optimize revenue.</li>
<li>Work with Key Opinion Leaders (KOLs) and key stakeholders to develop care pathways, institutional partnerships, and EMR integrations at academic and community cancer centers.</li>
<li>Demonstrate expertise in oncology, hematology, pathology, molecular diagnostics, and the oncology patient journey while excelling in a fast-paced environment.</li>
</ul>
<h3>Qualifications:</h3>
<ul>
<li>Bachelor’s degree required.</li>
<li>5+ years of experience in Hematology/Oncology, Surgical, or Diagnostics Sales with a proven track record of success.</li>
<li>Strong knowledge of academic and community oncology markets, molecular diagnostics, personalized medicine, and reimbursement.</li>
<li>Ability to travel 50% - 75% within territory.</li>
<li>Valid driver’s license and safe driving record.</li>
</ul>
<h3>Skills &amp; Competencies:</h3>
<ul>
<li>Excellent communication, presentation, and leadership skills.</li>
<li>Strategic and forward-thinking with strong business acumen.</li>
<li>Self-starter with experience in business analysis and a deep understanding of oncology and healthcare trends.</li>
<li>Ability to collaborate cross-functionally while working independently.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>The total on-target earnings (OTE) include a competitive base salary and <span style="text-decoration: underline;">uncapped</span> quarterly commissions. In addition to OTE, the compensation package also offers a car allowance and Restricted Stock Units (RSUs).Units (RSUs).</strong></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p><div class="content-pay-transparency"><div class="pay-input"><div class="description"><p>The compensation package listed is for 1st year OTE, which are based on a wide array of factors unique to each candidate, including but not limited to skill set, years &amp; depth of experience, certifications and specific office location. On-target earnings (OTE) represent the total potential income an employee can earn by achieving 100% of their performance goals. It combines a base salary with commissions and serves as an estimated figure rather than a guaranteed amount, providing a guideline based on average performance outcomes.</p></div><div class="title">On-target earnings (OTE) </div><div class="pay-range"><span>$195,000</span><span class="divider">&mdash;</span><span>$225,000 USD</span></div></div></div><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>OUR OPPORTUNITY</strong></p>
<p>Natera™ is a global leader in cell-free DNA (cfDNA) testing, dedicated to oncology, women’s health, and organ health. Our aim is to make personalized genetic testing and diagnostics part of the standard of care to protect health and enable earlier and more targeted interventions that lead to longer, healthier lives.</p>
<p>The Natera team consists of highly dedicated statisticians, geneticists, doctors, laboratory scientists, business professionals, software engineers and many other professionals from world-class institutions, who care deeply for our work and each other. When you join Natera, you’ll work hard and grow quickly. Working alongside the elite of the industry, you’ll be stretched and challenged, and take pride in being part of a company that is changing the landscape of genetic disease management.</p>
<p><strong>WHAT WE OFFER</strong></p>
<p>Competitive Benefits - Employee benefits include comprehensive medical, dental, vision, life and disability plans for eligible employees and their dependents. Additionally, Natera employees and their immediate families receive free testing in addition to fertility care benefits. Other benefits include pregnancy and baby bonding leave, 401k benefits, commuter benefits and much more. We also offer a generous employee referral program!</p>
<p>For more information, visit <a href="http://www.natera.com/" data-cke-saved-href="http://www.natera.com/">www.natera.com</a>.</p>
<p>Natera is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer. We are committed to ensuring a diverse and inclusive workplace environment, and welcome people of different backgrounds, experiences, abilities and perspectives. Inclusive collaboration benefits our employees, our community and our patients, and is critical to our mission of changing the management of disease worldwide.</p>
<p>All qualified applicants are encouraged to apply, and will be considered without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, age, veteran status, disability or any other legally protected status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with applicable laws.</p>
<p><em>If you are based in California, we encourage you to read this important information for California residents.&nbsp;</em></p>
<p>Link: <a href="https://www.natera.com/notice-of-data-collection-california-residents" target="\_blank">https://www.natera.com/notice-of-data-collection-california-residents/</a></p>
<p>Please be advised that Natera will reach out to candidates with a @<a href="http://natera.com/" target="\_blank" data-saferedirecturl="https://www.google.com/url?q=http://natera.com&amp;source=gmail&amp;ust=1657718972773000&amp;usg=AOvVaw3zRwaIiu7070kJKNG4hjRm">natera.com</a>&nbsp;email domain ONLY. Email communications from all other domain names are not from Natera or its employees and are fraudulent. Natera does not request interviews via text messages and does not ask for personal information until a candidate has engaged with the company and has spoken to a recruiter and the hiring team. Natera takes cyber crimes seriously, and will collaborate with law enforcement authorities to prosecute any related cyber crimes.</p>
<p>For more information:<br>- <a href="https://www.bbb.org/article/tips/12261-bbb-tip-employment-scams" target="\_blank">BBB announcement on job scams</a>&nbsp;<br>- <a href="https://www.fbi.gov/investigate/cyber" target="\_blank">FBI Cyber Crime resource page</a>&nbsp;</p></div>