<div class="content-intro"><p><span style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;">Shift delivers AI agents that transform insurers' most critical work. By combining deep industry expertise and unmatched data resources, Shift provides proven results that have earned the trust of hundreds of the world's leading insurers. Our insurance-grade AI is accurate, explainable, and secure—empowering human experts to move with unmatched speed, total confidence, and a renewed focus on the people they serve.</span></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><video poster="https://8595762.fs1.hubspotusercontent-na1.net/hubfs/8595762/2026%20Website%20Refresh/2026%20Shift%20Brand%20Video/thumbnail-violet.jpg" controls="controls" width="300" height="150">
&nbsp;&nbsp;<source src="https://8595762.fs1.hubspotusercontent-na1.net/hubfs/8595762/2026%20Website%20Refresh/2026%20Shift%20Brand%20Video/2026%20Shift%20Brand%20Video%20(English).mp4" type="video/mp4">
&nbsp;&nbsp;Your browser does not support the video tag.</video></p>
<p><span style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;">Our culture is built on innovation, trust, and a drive to transform the insurance industry through our SaaS platform. We come from more than 50 different countries and cultures and together we are creating the future of insurance.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;">Learn more at <a href="http://www.shift-technology.com" target="\_blank">www.shift-technology.com</a></span></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p></div><p>As a member of Shift Technology’s QA team, part of the greater Tech team, you will be working on the whole QA process implementation on the Shift Technical platform (the core of all our products!).</p>
<p>We are looking for<strong> 2 different profiles</strong> here:</p>
<ul>
<li>One junior freshly graduated QA Engineer</li>
<li>One mid-level QA Engineer with 3 to 5 years of experience</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>More specifically in this role you will:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Understand our clients need and establish the relevant test strategy to ensure that the product will fit</li>
<li>Be ready to follow-up and test new Features with development is split between different Teams</li>
<li>Identify and implement automated tests with development teams in Agile cycle</li>
<li>Identify and implement automated tests in the QA validation phase</li>
<li>Create and lead comprehensive test campaigns on your product</li>
<li>Communicate with different teams (Developers, Data Scientists, Product Owners)</li>
<li>Participate to comprehensive test campaigns on different products</li>
<li>Drive and help to establish best practices and testing processes by promoting the “test culture” inside the company</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>WHAT WE ARE LOOKING FOR</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Min. Bachelor of Science Degree in Electrical Engineering or Computer Science; or equivalent experience is required</li>
<li>You have about 1-5 years of <strong>experience in QA and test automation</strong></li>
<li>You are <strong>ISTQB foundation</strong> certified, or about to</li>
<li>Programming or Scripting experience (ie: Web UI, API, Data Pipelines)&nbsp;</li>
<li>Familiarity with QA tools and techniques, bug tracking systems, test design and execution, test case management tools</li>
<li>Ability to identify and clearly document issues for resolution</li>
<li><strong>Nice to have </strong>experience with at least one of <strong>UI </strong>tests, <strong>backend </strong>tests, <strong>API </strong>tests, <strong>performance </strong>tests, <strong>stress </strong>tests and <strong>Automation</strong></li>
<li>Ability to work collaboratively within a team environment of engineers to meet aggressive goals and high quality standard</li>
<li>Must be <strong>team focused</strong>, excellent communicator and collaborative demonstrated experience working with cross functional teams</li>
<li>Demonstrated ability to have completed multiple, complex technical projects</li>
<li><strong>Excellent communication</strong> and working proficiency in <strong>English</strong> and in <strong>French</strong></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>RECRUITMENT PROCESS</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Phone Screening ( 30 min.)</li>
<li>Interview with QA Engineer (1 hour)</li>
<li>Interview with&nbsp; Dev Team Lead (30-45min)</li>
<li>Interview with Hiring Manager (1 Hour)</li>
</ul>
<p><br><span style="font-size: 8pt; color: rgb(255, 255, 255);">#LI-RH1 #LI-HYBRID&nbsp;</span></p>
<div>&nbsp;</div>
<p></p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><span style="color: #000000;"><strong><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;">To support our permanent, full time employees at every stage of their careers and lives, we provide a competitive total rewards and benefits package. Here are the global benefits we’d like to highlight:</span></strong></span></p>
<ul>
<li style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;"><span style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0); font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;">Flexible remote and hybrid working options</span></li>
<li style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;"><span style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0); font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;">Competitive Salary and a variable component tied to personal and company performance</span></li>
<li style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;"><span style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0); font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;">Multiple Learning and Development opportunities, including Focus Fridays, a half-day each month to focus on learning and personal growth</span></li>
<li style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;"><span style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0); font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;">Generous PTO and paid holidays</span></li>
<li style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;"><span style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0); font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;">Mental health benefits&nbsp;</span></li>
<li style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;"><span style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0); font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;">2 MAD Days per year (Make A Difference Days for paid volunteering)</span></li>
</ul>
<p><span style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0); font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;">Additional benefits may be offered by country, based on your eligibility - ask your recruiter for more information. Intern and Apprentice positions may receive some of these benefits - ask your recruiter for more details.</span></p>
<p><span style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0); font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;"><em>At Shift we strive to be a diverse and inclusive workforce. <em data-stringify-type="italic">We welcome applications from and hire people who will contribute to the diversity of our company,&nbsp;</em>without regard to race, color, religion, marital status, age, national or ethnic origin, physical or mental disability, medical condition, pregnancy, genetic information, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, or other non-merit criteria.</em></span></p>
<p><span style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0); font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;"><em>Shift Technology is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities in our application and employment process. Should you require accommodation, please email accommodation@shift-technology.com and we will work with you to meet your accessibility needs.</em></span></p>
<p><span style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0); font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;"><em>Please be aware of scammers and only trust correspondence that comes from emails ending in "shift-technology.com". We will never do initial outreach to you via Whatsapp/Text/SMS, never ask for banking information or personal identification numbers (ex. Social Security Number) as part of our recruitment process.</em></span></p>
<p><span style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0); font-size: 8pt; font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;"><em>Shift Technology does not accept unsolicited CVs from recruiters or employment agencies in response to the Shift Technology Careers page or a Shift Technology social media post. Any unsolicited CVs, including those submitted directly to hiring managers, are deemed to be the property of Shift Technology. </em></span></p></div>