<p></p>
<p>The HR Coordinator plays a key role within the People team and is responsible for administrative, coordination, and data-related tasks throughout the employee lifecycle. This role supports employees and managers on all HR-related matters, with a particular focus on time management, payroll preparation, and data management.&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>Primary point of contact for employees and managers regarding time and attendance records, as well as payroll-related inquiries.</li>
<li>Preparation of HR-related documents such as employment contracts, certificates, warnings, and terminations.</li>
<li>Role modelling the Company’s DNA and ensuring that these are followed by colleagues.</li>
<li>Dealing with day to day queries from Colleagues – liaising with support functions as required</li>
<li>Maintenance of employee data in HR systems (e.g., Workday), including generating reports and HR metrics.</li>
<li>Proactive identification and implementation of process improvements.</li>
<li>Undertaking basic problem solving activities and escalating to the Senior People Business Partner where necessary.</li>
<li>Key contact for the internal team concerning data maintenance and data quality.</li>
<li>Coordination and support in the implementation of programs related to compensation, performance, and talent development.</li>
<li>Cross-functional collaboration with the People Operations, People Analytics, and Employee Experience teams.</li>
<li>Leading or being involved in ad hoc projects as and when required.</li>
</ul>
<p><span style="text-decoration: underline;"><strong>Who You Are:</strong></span></p>
<ul>
<li>Experience in operational HR work, ideally in a production or logistics environment.</li>
<li>Excellent organisational skills with the ability to prioritise and handle multiple tasks simultaneously.</li>
<li>Outstanding attention to detail and accuracy.</li>
<li>Proficient in Microsoft Office Suite (Word, Excel, PowerPoint)</li>
<li>Knowledge of HRIS.</li>
<li>Exceptional written and verbal communication skills.</li>
<li>Communicate with stakeholders to build trusting relationships.</li>
<li>Analytical handling of complex HR data and processes.</li>
<li>Proactive and resourceful problem-solving skills.</li>
<li>Ability to maintain strict confidentiality and exercise good judgement.</li>
<li>Contribution to smooth HR processes and employee satisfaction</li>
</ul>
<p><span style="text-decoration: underline;"><strong>What you will get in return:</strong></span></p>
<p>● 70% off HelloFresh or Green Chef boxes<br>● Company pension scheme<br>● Gym membership<br>● Bupa private medical insurance (including dental &amp; family cover options)<br>● Mental health first aiders and an employee assistance programme<br>● Nursery support scheme<br>● Cycle to work scheme<br>● Group Life Assurance</p>
<p><strong>Location</strong>: The Windmill, Derby (Spondon). This role will be working 12pm-9pm Monday-Friday onsite. Working 1 in 3 weekends (you will have the Friday and Monday off around these shifts worked)</p>
<p><strong>Next steps</strong>: Your application will be reviewed and if successful, a member of the Talent Acquisition Team will be in touch within 2 weeks.</p>
<p>You are required to cooperate with HelloFresh in all health and safety matters. You are responsible for ensuring you take reasonable care of your own health, and safety as well as others who may be affected by the work activities you undertake. You must report incidents immediately and actively raise health and safety-related concerns to your Line Manager.&nbsp;As part of our commitment to maintaining a safe and secure environment, we will process Disclosure and Barring Service (<span class="il">DBS</span>) checks to the successful individual. Failure to disclose relevant information at application or throughout the process could affect your employment with the company.&nbsp;</p>
<p>If you are currently a HelloFresh employee, please make sure you have discussed your application with your Line Manager.</p>
<p></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>To be considered for this role, you’ll need to have the independent right to work in the UK, as we're unfortunately unable to provide sponsorship at this time.</p>