<p>
  <strong>Headquarters:</strong> 
</p>

<p><span>We're looking for a designer to join our team to solve tough problems for our customers while building intuitive experiences for users</span><span>.</span><span> We want to work with a designer that is full of ideas and is excited about solving problems with an incredibly smart team!<br><br></span></p><br><p><span>As a designer at ZURB, you will be focused on shaping customer's experiences through our <a href="https://helio.app/test-and-learn/">Test &amp; Learn</a> program for Helio.</span><span>&nbsp;We provide a range of design services that include needfinding and testing with our pool of almost 1,000,000 participants. You will work in small, nimble teams of three that allow you the autonomy and flexibility to make amazing products.&nbsp;<br><br></span></p><br><p><span>We are in our 25th year! We work with some of the biggest brands in Silicon Valley and beyond, such as Netflix, Facebook, Disney, and Hulu. Along the way, we saw the need for brands to reach people similar to their customers based on behavior and life experience. We released Helio, a customer testing and survey platform that enables teams to drive UX research, design strategy, and market findings.<br><br><br></span></p><br><p><span><span>Why we think the role is exciting&nbsp;</span></span></p><br><ol><br><li><span><span>Enjoy working with product teams and leaders</span></span><span> who are excited to create amazing products and services. The work will </span><span>challenge your assumptions about “what great design is.”&nbsp; Almost every designer we talk with says, “This is different.”&nbsp;</span></li><br><li><span><span>Aspire to make great things</span></span><span>. </span><span>Work with company programs that solve real problems, instead of having to work on crap that is completely driven by the randomness of executives.</span></li><br><li><span><span>Have fun in the process of creating,</span></span> <span><span>learning each day from your mistakes. </span></span><span>Our </span><span>design work is strategic, backed by needfinding and testing with our participant pool of almost 1,000,000 participants. Learn how users feel and use the products you design.</span></li><br><li><span><span>Get feedback daily on your work. </span></span><span>Work with a small remote team that is autonomous and free of heavy political pressures. Let your work shine based on the merits of the team's production.</span></li><br><li><span><span>Work with a small team that is growing Helio. </span></span><span>Create immediate impact on the tools we use in our work. Help to define a new product category.</span></li><br><li><span><span>Enjoy the benefits of a mature design company. </span></span><span>ZURB has been in business for 25 years</span> <span>and has worked across the globe, with a diversity of customers and problems. Work in the latest progressive design methods that solve wicked problems with the guy who <a href="https://twitter.com/bryanzmijewski/status/1285013193169887233">trained under core thinkers behind Design Thinking.&nbsp;</a></span></li><br><li><span><span>Develop technical, visual, and coding skills,</span></span><span> while collaborating with a small team of creative and smart people. </span><span>Discover the next great creative idea through iterative design. We include structure to enable your ideas to grow, but the flexibility to take ownership of your work.</span></li><br></ol><br><p><br></p><br><p><span><span>Let's talk about you...&nbsp;&nbsp;</span></span></p><br><p><span>Our designers are experienced in many facets of design, enabling them to create amazing work across a broad spectrum of projects and people.&nbsp;&nbsp;</span></p><br><ul><br><li><span>Speak to customers to get and incorporate feedback quickly</span></li><br><li><span>Create wireframes, prototypes, and use cases using Figma</span></li><br><li><span>Support user research, customer interviews, and creating user stories</span></li><br><li><span>Presenting compelling ideas to the team and to customers</span></li><br><li><span>Welcome feedback and love to learn. You get energy from working closely with a team, and you thrive in a fast-paced environment where things change minute by minute.</span></li><br><li><span>Be responsible for shaping the user experience by designing experiences that help customers get the results they've been looking for.</span></li><br><li><span>Collaborate with Design Leads on all parts of the product development life-cycle.</span></li><br><li><span>Launch experiments and iterate on your designs</span></li><br><li><span>Give and solicit feedback from other designers in order to continually raise our bar for quality.</span></li><br><li><span>Create user experiences that drive business growth.</span></li><br><li><span>Use creative problem-solving and find elegant solutions to user problems.</span></li><br><li><span>Think critically from the user's perspective.</span></li><br><li><span>Bring all of these learnings to bear as you design marketing updates and product features for our research tool Helio!</span></li><br></ul><br><p><span><span>Bonus points</span></span><span> if you have coding skills (HTML/CSS/Javascript, web standards, frameworks like jQuery would be great but not required) or have video production experience!&nbsp;<br><br><br></span></p><br><p><span><span>What Your Day Will Look Like</span></span></p><br><p><span>Working closely with the team, your day may consist of sketching for a customer project while creating hi-fi wireframes for another, using a customer’s analytics to make design decisions and hopping on a call with our customers to present your work. Work with our Design Leads, who will coach you through tough problems and challenge your assumptions. You’ll design, collaborate and make decisions internally for our research tool, Helio. You'll end the day knowing that you accomplished a great deal to create wins for our customers, our team, and yourself. You will learn a lot and grow fast, which is just one of the many perks of being a designer at ZURB.</span></p>

<p><strong>To apply:</strong> <a href="https://weworkremotely.com/remote-jobs/zurb-product-designer">https://weworkremotely.com/remote-jobs/zurb-product-designer</a></p>