<p><strong>About Stripe:</strong></p>
<p>Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies—from the world’s largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyone’s reach while doing the most important work of your career.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>About the team:</strong></p>
<p>At Stripe, we want to give every candidate—no matter the interview outcome—a stellar experience. The Recruiting Coordination team manages several aspects of recruiting administration to provide a great experience for our candidates, shepherding them through the entire process. This role will involve playing a key role in the coordination of the interview process across many regions, functions and role types.</p>
<p><strong>What you'll do:-</strong></p>
<p><strong>Responsibilities:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Schedule high volume interviews for Stripe candidates globally, with speed and efficiency</li>
<li>Work closely with recruiters and interviewers in delivering a great candidate experience throughout the interview process</li>
<li>Help track candidate progress from initial contact through offer</li>
<li>Work closely with other coordinators on cross-functional teams</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Who you are:</strong></p>
<p>We’re looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.</p>
<p><strong>Minimum requirements:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Highly organized with the ability to prioritize multiple stakeholders and tasks while managing their work time efficiently</li>
<li>Excellent verbal and written communication skills, with an appropriate blend of professionalism and friendliness</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Preferred qualifications:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>1+ years of experience in an admin/coordination-based role in a fast-paced environment</li>
<li>Ability to be a team player; adept at working with multiple people at any given time</li>
<li>Incredible organizational skills; superb attention to detail</li>
<li>Flexibility: able to shift tasks and priorities in a big way at the drop of a hat; comfortable working with ambiguity</li>
<li>Creative and process-driven: you’re constantly looking for ways to make things work more efficiently</li>
<li>Ability to connect and interact with different types of people</li>
<li>Project management experience a plus</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>