<p><strong>About this opportunity:</strong><strong><br></strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 300;">At Freenome, we are seeking a Contract Clinical Research Associate to help grow the Freenome Clinical Development team. The ideal candidate is well-organized, an excellent communicator and experienced in diagnostics clinical trial management. This person is responsible for all things related to assigned aspects of clinical trial monitoring and site management. &nbsp;You are passionate about clinical research, attention to detail and Good Clinical Practice, and you will have a significant impact on the continued growth of an organization dedicated to changing the entire landscape of cancer.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 300;">The role reports to the Director of Clinical Operations, Dennis McHugh. This role will be a Remote role with occasional travel, as required, to our Brisbane, California headquarters.</span></p>
<p><strong>What you’ll do:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Ensure compliance with standard protocol and regulatory and ICH GCP obligations in assigned aspects of clinical site monitoring, such as site initiation, routine monitoring, maintenance of study files, study close out, and retrieval of study materials.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Complete on-site and remote monitoring activities in compliance with the Clinical Monitoring Plan, including source document verification for accuracy and integrity, as required.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Write and submit reports of investigational site findings and update applicable tracking systems, as required; escalate observed deficiencies and issues as appropriate.<br></span></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Must haves:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Minimum Bachelor’s degree in a life science-related field, a registered nurse (RN) certification, or equivalent.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">3+ years’ experience in a clinical trials research environment required, with specific in vitro diagnostics study experience.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">General knowledge of regulatory requirements &amp; GCP.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Ability to multi-task, deal with shifting priorities, and proactively solve problems/manage risks.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Strong interpersonal, collaborative, and time management abilities.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Excellent organizational skills; accurate and detail-oriented.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">High proficiency in Veeva Vault and Medrio.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Strong spoken and written communication skills.</span></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Nice to haves:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><span style="font-weight: 300;">CRA certification by recognized professional organization is a plus, but not mandatory.</span></li>
<li><span style="font-weight: 300;">Previous experience in the cancer early detection space.<br></span></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Additional information:</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 300;">Contractors may be hired through a third-party provider and will be considered contingent workers. </span><span style="font-weight: 300;">We invite you to check out our career page @ <em><a href="http://freenome.com/job-openings/" target="\_blank" data-saferedirecturl="https://www.google.com/url?q=http://freenome.com/job-openings/&amp;source=gmail&amp;ust=1708620295766000&amp;usg=AOvVaw0K-a4lTJ0RquYagpqS-yp4">freenome.com/job-openings/</a></em> </span><span style="font-weight: 300;">for additional company information.&nbsp;&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 300;">Freenome is proud to be an equal opportunity employer and we value diversity. Freenome does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, marital status, age, national origin, ancestry, physical or mental disability, medical condition, pregnancy, genetic information, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, veteran status, or any other status protected under federal, state, or local </span><span style="font-weight: 300;">law.</span></p>
<p><em><span style="font-weight: 300;">Applicants have rights under Federal Employment Laws.&nbsp;&nbsp;</span></em></p>
<ul>
<li><span style="font-weight: 300;"><em><a href="https://www.dol.gov/agencies/whd/posters/fmla" target="\_blank">Family &amp; Medical Leave Act (FMLA)</a></em></span></li>
<li><span style="font-weight: 300;"><em><a href="https://www.dol.gov/agencies/ofccp/posters" target="\_blank">Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO)</a></em></span></li>
<li><span style="font-weight: 300;"><em><a href="https://www.dol.gov/agencies/whd/posters/employee-polygraph-protection-act" target="\_blank">Employee Polygraph Protection Act (EPPA)</a></em></span></li>
</ul>
<p><span style="color: #ecf0f1;"><em><span style="font-weight: 300;">#LI-REMOTE</span></em></span></p>