**About the Company:**

Netomi is the leading agentic AI platform for enterprise customer experience. We work with the largest global brands like Delta Airlines, MetLife, MGM, United, and others to enable agentic automation at scale across the entire customer journey. Our no-code platform delivers the fastest time to market, lowest total cost of ownership, and simple, scalable management of AI agents for any CX use case. Backed by WndrCo, Y Combinator, and Index Ventures, we help enterprises drive efficiency, lower costs, and deliver higher quality customer experiences.

Want to be part of the AI revolution and transform how the world’s largest global brands do business? Join us!

**About the role:**

We are looking for a seasoned SDET to help us keep a check on the quality of products. If you are passionate about quality and want to help make an impact in our organisation then we have a perfect role for you!

## Responsibilities

- Testing of AI based conversational products
- Monitoring and improving quality assurance process ensuring any agreed-upon standards and procedures are followed
- Providing a high level of data quality awareness across multiple teams
- Evaluating and identifying where enhancements in accuracy of models are required
- Detailed testing feedback preparation to help the team to improve AI models

## Requirements

- A good focus on delivering high-quality products and a passion for learning new technologies.
- Should have a passion for Manual & Automation Testing, Test Planning, Test Cases, Preparation, and Execution.
- Should have experience in API testing and scripting languages, like Java/Python.
- Hands-on experience in Test Automation Framework implementations in Enterprise software environments with open-source tools such as Selenium, TestNG/JUnit, Rest Assured etc.
- Accurate Knowledge of CI/CD technologies (e.g. Jenkins, Git, Maven, etc.).
- Bachelor in Computer Science or related Engineering field with 4-6 years of relevant experience.
- Should understand testing requirements related to the current product and should have excellent knowledge of Functional and Non Functional Testing concepts and tools.
- Ability to work in a fast-paced and dynamic work environment.
- Exposure to New technology, Problem-solving skills, Self-motivated and self-starter, work without supervision.
- Knowledge of any Database (MySql, etc) and load test testing like Jmeter is a plus.
- Excellent written and verbal communication

Netomi is an equal opportunity employer committed to diversity in the workplace. We evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, disability, veteran status, and other protected characteristics.