<h2><strong>About the opportunity</strong></h2>
<p>We are currently seeking an AFC Associate / SAR Delegate (Déclarant Tracfin) to join the French MLRO function. In this role, you will be responsible for coordinating and taking ownership of key Anti-Financial Crime Operations activities, including decision-making on matters such as: review AML-CFT investigations, support the teams in charge of ongoing due diligence and EDD process (including decisions on requests for information to the customer), as well as review and submission of SARs. You will be the reference point of contact for our AFC and KYC Operations team, you will support them with your guidance and participate in their upscaling. &nbsp;</p>
<h2><strong>In this role, you will:</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Review investigations made by the AFC Operations department.</li>
<li>Assist AFC Operations on their investigations.</li>
<li>Oversee complex case investigations, sanctions reviews, and other AFC related processes.</li>
<li>Review and submit SARs, ensuring quality according to Tracfin and ACPR expectations.</li>
<li>Act as Déclarant Tracfin.</li>
<li>Review complex Authority Requests.</li>
<li>Provide individual and collective guidelines to AFC operations analysts.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Prepare necessary templates for AFC Ops communication with customers.</li>
<li>Implement and improve local procedures based on the local regulatory challenges and the group’s standard.</li>
<li>Coordination with other operational functions working on the French market.</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>What you need to be successful:</strong></h2>
<p>Background:&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>Graduated in law (Ecole de droit/Master II) or from a Grande Ecole - or alike.&nbsp;</li>
<li>A Bank Financial Crime background, operational experience in an international setting and you are before all an excellent investigator - you have experience in SAR drafting (having a first experience in a ‘déclarant Tracfin’ role is a plus).&nbsp;</li>
<li>Professional experience gained in anti-financial crime, with at least 3 years of experience.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Proven experience in operational functions, including&nbsp; investigation, and SAR drafting but also transaction monitoring, sanctions and adverse media screening.&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p>Skills:&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>In-depth knowledge of European and French regulations on Financial Crime (KYC, AML, terrorism financing, fraud, tax evasion, sanctions…)</li>
<li>Deep investigation skills</li>
<li>Fluent in French and English (spoken and written)</li>
<li>Excellent communication skills and ability to work with a wide variety of stakeholders</li>
<li>Hardworking, strong team player, benevolent and resilient</li>
<li>Diligent and reliable, solution driven and committed, ability to work under pressure</li>
<li>Strong analytical, advisory skills, high quality standards and attention to detail</li>
<li>You should enjoy a fast-paced working environment, show high willingness to learn&nbsp;</li>
<li>You combine a supportive approach with consistently high standards of quality</li>
<li>Actively help yourself (and others) to be successful&nbsp;</li>
<li>Continuously learn and challenge the status quo&nbsp;</li>
<li>Think globally, act locally</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>What’s in it for you:</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Accelerate your career growth by joining one of Europe’s most talked about disruptors 🚀.</li>
<li>Employee benefits that range from a competitive personal development budget, work from home budget, discounts to fitness &amp; wellness memberships, Swile vouchers, public transportation, work from home/from abroad and more.</li>
<li>As an N26 employee you will have access to a Premium subscription on your personal N26 bank account. As well as subscriptions for friends and family members.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;</li>
<li>Additional day of annual leave for each year of service.&nbsp;&nbsp;</li>
<li>A high degree of autonomy and access to cutting edge technologies - all while working with a friendly team of peers of diverse nationalities, life experiences and family statuses.&nbsp;</li>
<li>A relocation package with visa support for those who need it.</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Who we are</strong></h2>
<p>N26 has reimagined banking for today’s digital world. Technology and design empower<a href="https://n26.com/en-eu/blog"> everything we do</a> and it’s how we are building the global banking platform the world loves to use.</p>
<p>We've eliminated physical branches, paperwork, and hidden fees for an elegant digital experience and supreme savings. Giving people the power to live and bank their way is what gets us out of bed in the morning and inspires the work that we do.&nbsp;</p>
<p>We are headquartered in Berlin with offices in multiple cities across Europe, including Vienna and Barcelona, and a 1,500-strong team of more than 80 nationalities.</p>
<p><strong>Sounds good? Apply now for this position.</strong></p>
<p><strong>Equal Opportunities:</strong></p>
<p>We recognize that our strength lies in our people and the varied perspectives they bring to our workforce. We strive to build talented and diverse teams to drive our business success and empower our people to reach their full potential.</p>
<p>We genuinely welcome and encourage applications from people of all backgrounds, cultures, genders, sexual orientations, abilities, neurodiversities, and ages. We're committed to creating an inclusive workspace where everyone feels valued and respected, free from harassment and discrimination. If there's anything you need to make the application process work for you, please let us know by reaching out to <a href="mailto:candidate.exp@n26.com">candidate.exp@n26.com</a>.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Visit our <a href="https://n26.com/en-eu/diversity-and-inclusion">website</a> to learn more about Diversity, Equity, &amp; Inclusion at N26.</p>
<h2>&nbsp;</h2>