<h3><strong>Join one of France’s fastest-growing foodtech scale-ups</strong></h3>
<p>At HelloFresh, we’re transforming the way people cook and eat. Through our meal-kit boxes, we help thousands of customers cook delicious, balanced meals at home while reducing food waste and simplifying everyday life. Operating in 15+ countries, HelloFresh is one of the world’s leading foodtech companies. The French market, launched in 2020, has experienced hyper growth and became market leader in 2021.</p>
<p>Behind this growth is a simple formula: technology, data, and a team of ambitious people working together to reinvent food at home. If you want to work at the intersection of data, strategy, and growth, and have a tangible impact on a fast-scaling business, this role is for you.</p>
<h3><strong>Your Opportunity:&nbsp;</strong></h3>
<p>We are looking for a high-calibre profile to lead our Analytics &amp; Performance function, driving the French market’s success through strategic data-led decision-making. In this role, you will own the analytics pipeline, transforming data into high-impact deep-dives, tests, and recommendations to shape our long-term trajectory. Reporting to our France CEO, you will act as a core business partner, coaching a high-performing team and leveraging AI to automate and scale processes across the wider France team. Beyond technical oversight, you will drive operational excellence by optimizing our internal rituals, overseeing the OKR framework, and orchestrating our strategic planning process.</p>
<h3><strong>What you will be doing:</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Drive strategic decision-making by vetting major initiatives, including revenue models, AB tests and strategic memos.</li>
<li>Build a very strong understanding of our business model, regularly doing deep-dives to identify and action key opportunities to improve both our revenue and product performance.</li>
<li>Build and lead a high performing team of analysts, developing strong cross-functional collaboration with commercial business partners (e.g. growth, product, brand, logistics...)</li>
<li>Act as a key Business Partner to the France leadership team, overseeing the OKR framework and leading strategic rituals (WBRs, QBRs).</li>
<li>Spearhead the integration of gen AI within the analytics function and commercial functions to future-proof our capabilities and drive smarter, faster decision-making.</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>What we are looking for:</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>A sharp &amp; highly numerate mindset combined with a winning personality</li>
<li>High calibre profile with minimum 6 years of experience in a business analytics role, in a fast-paced, high rigor or high intensity environment</li>
<li>You are excellent with numbers, have excellent SQL/Tableau and Excel skills and work in a highly logical way.</li>
<li>Excited about AI and its possibilities</li>
<li>Excellent analytical - you are data-driven and comfortable dealing with complex business challenges, breaking them in smaller pieces in a systematic and rigorous fashion</li>
<li>An inspirational leader that is able to rally a team around common objectives, with a proven ability to lead and manage high performing teams</li>
<li>A proactive problem-solver, with striking attention to detail and has a strong sense of ownership</li>
<li>Autonomous, organised, proactive and adaptable</li>
<li>Fluency in English <span style="text-decoration: underline;">and</span> French - both written and spoken. You will be working with key stakeholders across geographies and nationalities.</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>What we offer:</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>The chance to have a serious impact role on one of the most exciting foodtech companies in Europe</li>
<li>A vibrant &amp; international environment with a great culture &amp; DNA</li>
<li>A guaranteed steep learning curve and boost for your career</li>
<li>A passionate, proactive, driven and dynamic French team</li>
<li>Offices located in the center of Paris (Paris 1er)</li>
<li>Delicious reductions on our HelloFresh boxes</li>
<li>Top tier employee experience and employees perks (Alan Blue insurance, Swile (tickets restaurant), GymLib, reductions on transport)</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>You're hungry for more ?</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Apply with your CV and a strong motivation to join us!</li>
<li>If it’s a match, we’ll invite you to a case study and a series of interviews</li>
</ul>
<p>We try to keep the process short and sweet, to welcome you at HelloFresh as soon as possible!</p>