<p>
  <strong>Headquarters:</strong> Remote,Tutzing,Büro Frankreich,Remote Frankreich,Remote UK,Büro UK,Remote Niederlande,Büro Niederlande,Remote Bayern,Metropolregion München,München
</p>

<span><em>This is a vacancy for a hybrid, remote or on-site role at one of our HQs. We encourage applications from all qualified candidates, regardless of gender identity.</em></span><span><br></span><span><em>&nbsp;</em><br>As we&nbsp;continuously&nbsp;expand&nbsp;and improve&nbsp;our Data&nbsp;Platform&nbsp;and Data Network, we are seeking a&nbsp;<strong>Director of Product</strong> (<strong>m/f/x</strong>) to join our Product &amp; Engineering department.&nbsp;This department&nbsp;is responsible for&nbsp;the design, development and growth of our Data Platform, our Data Network and connected Data Products.&nbsp;</span><span><br><br></span><span>In this role, you will work closely with the CPO to translate the company's vision into actionable strategies. You will own strategic initiatives, collaboratively define best practices and processes and lead by example to create a Product Organization that represents the voice of the customer in the company. Part of this role requires hands-on involvement in the more strategic roadmap items.</span><span><br></span><span><br>Ready to make an impact?&nbsp;</span><ul><li><span><span>Defining and evolving the product strategy</span></span><span><span>&nbsp;for the company's portfolio, collaborating closely with the CPO.</span></span></li><li><span><span>Leading market research and competitive analysis</span></span><span><span>&nbsp;to identify opportunities and working with Product Marketing to ensure successful product positioning and communication.</span></span></li><li><span><span>Developing and maintaining the product roadmap</span></span><span><span>&nbsp;with clear goals and timelines, aligning with Engineering Leads and Product Design.</span></span></li><li><span><span>Building and leading a high-</span><span>performing</span><span>&nbsp;team</span></span><span><span>&nbsp;encompassing Product Management and Product Design.</span></span></li><li><span><span>Owning the development of the product handbook</span></span><span><span>&nbsp;defining the tools and processes used to design and track initiatives throughout the product development lifecycle from ideation to release.</span></span></li><li><span><span>Utilising data and analytics to inform product decisions</span></span><span><span>&nbsp;and drive continuous improvement.</span></span></li><li><span><span>Driving successful product launches and go-to-market strategies</span></span><span><span>&nbsp;by actively collaborating with product marketing on positioning and sales enablement.</span></span></li></ul><ul><li>7+ years in Product Management with 3+ years in product leadership roles.</li><li>Proven ability to build, lead, and mentor high-performing product teams, fostering a culture of innovation and empowerment.</li><li>Experience in technical software products with on-premises deployment options. Experience with data integration is a plus.</li><li>Proven ability to define goals and outcomes that provide direction for autonomous product teams.</li><li>Strong&nbsp;track record&nbsp;of&nbsp;identifying&nbsp;and capitalizing on market opportunities through rigorous analysis and translating them into successful, revenue-generating products.</li><li>Strong knowledge of modern software development methodologies and the ability to collaborate effectively with engineering teams to achieve technical excellence.</li><li>Excellent communication and interpersonal skills, with the ability to effectively communicate with stakeholders at all levels.</li><li>Proficiency in English is required. German language skills are a plus.</li></ul><ul><li>Opportunity to work flexibly from home&nbsp;</li><li>Modern offices in Germany, the Netherlands, and the UK&nbsp;</li><li>A personal Learning &amp; Development budget</li><li>30 vacation days a year</li><li>Up to 20 days of remote work per year from any EU country&nbsp;</li><li>Company Pension plan&nbsp;</li><li>Location-specific benefits packages (your recruiter will be happy to provide more details during your first chat)&nbsp;</li><li>Company-sponsored business travel&nbsp;</li></ul><span>For this role, we are open to working with specialists based in <strong>Germany, the Netherlands,&nbsp;</strong>or<strong>&nbsp;the UK</strong>. Whether you prefer working <strong>on-site at our offices</strong> in <strong>Tutzing, Rotterdam, Leeds</strong> or&nbsp;<strong>remotely from a location within one of these countries</strong>, we’re happy to accommodate your preferred working style.<br><br><strong>If you’re excited about this role but don’t meet every qualification, we encourage you to apply!&nbsp;</strong><br><br><em>Lobster is an equal opportunity employer. We are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive environment where empathy and respect guide our interactions.</em>&nbsp;</span>

<p><strong>To apply:</strong> <a href="https://weworkremotely.com/remote-jobs/lobster-director-of-product">https://weworkremotely.com/remote-jobs/lobster-director-of-product</a></p>