<div class="content-intro"><p>From Fivetran’s founding until now, our mission has remained the same: to make access to data as simple and reliable as electricity. With Fivetran, customer data arrives in their warehouses, canonical and ready to query, with no engineering or maintenance required. We’re proud that more organizations continue to leverage our technology every day to become truly data-driven.</p></div><p><span style="font-size: 10pt;"><strong>About the Role</strong></span></p>
<p><span style="font-size: 10pt;">Fivetran is looking for a technical Senior Engineering Manager to join the engineering leadership team with a passion for data movement. You will be working closely with engineers and product managers to build the future of the Fivetran Data Platform.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-size: 10pt;">As a Senior Engineering Manager, you will lead a team of engineers, and coordinate with other stakeholders at the company, including product management, support engineers, and sales engineers. You will own development for Fivetran’s world-class destinations for our entire customer base. The work you will do is critically important to the long term growth and success of Fivetran.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-size: 10pt;">You will own the entire software development lifecycle for your team delivering capabilities that are critical to making our many customers successful. You will take full responsibility for the quality, efficiency, and reliability of your focus areas; and you will build and maintain a team that reliably delivers excellent results while maintaining a culture of engagement, fairness, and continuous improvement.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-size: 10pt;">This is a full-time position based out of our Bangalore office. Our hybrid work model offers a blend of remote flexibility and in-person collaboration, including two days in the office each week to connect and build as a team.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-size: 10pt;"><strong>Technologies You’ll Use</strong></span></p>
<ul>
<li style="font-size: 10pt;"><span style="font-size: 10pt;">Java, Postgres, GCP, AWS, Azure, SQL, Snowflake, BigQuery, Bazel, BuildKite, Docker, Kubernetes</span></li>
</ul>
<p><span style="font-size: 10pt;"><strong>What You’ll Do</strong></span></p>
<ul>
<li style="font-size: 10pt;"><span style="font-size: 10pt;">Lead your technically through project management, technical design authoring, and reviewing development work.</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 10pt;"><span style="font-size: 10pt;">Become an expert on what it takes to support our customers in the major CDWs.</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 10pt;"><span style="font-size: 10pt;">Develop engineers on your team and help them advance in their careers.</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 10pt;"><span style="font-size: 10pt;">Recruit engineers that are amongst the best in the industry, from outreach through close.</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 10pt;"><span style="font-size: 10pt;">You will diagnose and resolve obstacles that prevent your team from delivering high-quality software.</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 10pt;"><span style="font-size: 10pt;">Manage the processes necessary to operate the team effectively</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 10pt;"><span style="font-size: 10pt;">Contribute to engineering-wide initiatives as part of the engineering management team.</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 10pt;"><span style="font-size: 10pt;">You will foster an atmosphere of continuous improvement as a coach, mentor, and technical advisor to your team.</span></li>
</ul>
<p><span style="font-size: 10pt;"><strong>Skills We’re Looking For</strong></span></p>
<ul>
<li style="font-size: 10pt;"><span style="font-size: 10pt;">Strong Java programming experience with 10+ years of software engineering experience, including 4+ years in engineering leadership roles.</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 10pt;"><span style="font-size: 10pt;">Strong track record as an IC delivering high impact software.</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 10pt;"><span style="font-size: 10pt;">Strong leadership skills and a proven ability to motivate teams to produce high quality software.</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 10pt;"><span style="font-size: 10pt;">Aptitude in decision making and problem-solving.</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 10pt;"><span style="font-size: 10pt;">Demonstrated competency in development processes, with project and program leadership.</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 10pt;"><span style="font-size: 10pt;">Ability to develop and communicate across teams to get an effective vision and get buy-in from stakeholders.</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 10pt;"><span style="font-size: 10pt;">Ability to assess and iterate within an evolving software and services environment.</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 10pt;"><span style="font-size: 10pt;">Java programming experience with demonstrated technical skills in application or platform engineering.</span></li>
</ul>
<p><span style="font-size: 10pt;"><strong>Optional Bonus Skills:</strong></span></p>
<ul>
<li style="font-size: 10pt;"><span style="font-size: 10pt;">Experience developing integrations to major warehouses like Snowflake, Bigquery, and Databricks.</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 10pt;"><span style="font-size: 10pt;">Experience in data processing (ETL, ELT) and/or cloud-based platforms.</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 10pt;"><span style="font-size: 10pt;">Experienced working in a cloud environment utilizing AWS, GCP, Postgres, Kubernetes, Docker, BuildKite, or similar technologies.</span></li>
</ul>
<p><span style="font-size: 10pt;">#LI-HYBRID</span></p>
<p><span style="font-size: 10pt;" data-sheets-root="1">#LI-AV1</span></p><div class="content-conclusion"><p>&nbsp;</p>
<p class="p-rich\_text\_section" style="line-height: 1.3;"><strong data-stringify-type="bold">Perks and Benefits</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>100% employer-paid medical insurance<strong>\*</strong></li>
<li>Generous paid time-off policy (PTO), plus paid sick time, inclusive parental leave policy, holidays, and volunteer days off</li>
<li>RSU stock grants\*</li>
<li>Professional development and training opportunities</li>
<li>Company virtual happy hours, free food, and fun team-building activities</li>
<li>Monthly cell phone stipend</li>
<li>Access to an innovative mental health support platform that offers personalized care and resources in areas such as: therapy, coaching, and self-guided mindfulness exercises for all covered employees and their covered dependents.</li>
</ul>
<p style="line-height: 1.3;"><em><strong>\*</strong>May vary by country and worker type - please reach out to your recruiter for more information</em></p>
<p style="line-height: 1.3;"><em>Click <a href="https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1CdawUwjo1Q1B7ghZJ\_owdmmHB8VtqhBu?usp=sharing" target="\_blank">here</a> to learn more about Fivetran's Benefits by Region.</em></p>
<hr>
<p style="line-height: 1.3;">We’re honored to be <a class="c-link" href="https://fivetran.com/blog/hvr-acquisition-series-d" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://fivetran.com/blog/hvr-acquisition-series-d" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">valued at over $5.6 billion</a>, but more importantly, we’re proud of our&nbsp;<a class="c-link" href="https://fivetran.com/culture" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://fivetran.com/culture" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">core values of Get Stuck In, Do the Right Thing, and One Team, One Dream</a>. Read about us in&nbsp;<a class="c-link" href="https://fivetran-com.s3.amazonaws.com/news/forbes-aug-sept-2022-digital-reprint-10-21-22.pdf" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://fivetran-com.s3.amazonaws.com/news/forbes-aug-sept-2022-digital-reprint-10-21-22.pdf" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">Forbes</a>.&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;</p>
<p style="line-height: 1.3;">Fivetran brings together high-quality talent across the globe to make data access as easy and reliable as electricity for our customers. We value and recognize that our customers benefit from having innovative teams made of people from many backgrounds, experiences, and identities. Fivetran promotes diversity, equity, inclusion &amp; belonging through attracting, recruiting, developing, and retaining a diverse workforce, not only because it is the right thing to do, but because it helps us build a world-class company to better serve our customers, our people and our communities.</p>
<p style="line-height: 1.3;">To learn more about Fivetran’s culture and what it’s like to be part of the team, <a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xlhtp4dGh8o" target="\_blank">click here</a> and enjoy our video.</p>
<p style="line-height: 1.3;">To learn more about our candidate privacy policy, you can <a href="https://fivetran.com/candidate-privacy" target="\_blank">read our statement here</a>.</p>
<hr>
<p style="line-height: 1.3;"><em>We are committed to ensuring that all candidates have an equal opportunity to participate in our interview process. If you require accommodations at any stage of the process due to a disability, medical condition, or any other circumstance, please don't hesitate to submit your request by filling out this <a href="https://forms.gle/V7k3t4u9j523XkEt6">form</a>. We will work with you to provide reasonable accommodations to facilitate your participation and ensure a fair and accessible interview experience. Your request and any information provided will be kept confidential and will not impact your candidacy. We look forward to hearing from you and accommodating your needs to the best of our ability.</em></p></div>