<h1><strong>Monetization Operations Analyst</strong></h1>
<hr>
<h2><strong>About Stripe</strong></h2>
<p class="mb-2 whitespace-pre-wrap">Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies—from the world's largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyone's reach while doing the most important work of your career.</p>
<hr>
<h2><strong>About the Team</strong></h2>
<p class="mb-2 whitespace-pre-wrap">The Finance Operations (FinOps) team provides and enhances core business services that are the backbone of Stripe. FinOps uses data and operational excellence to deliver technology solutions, payroll services, operational excellence, and monetization services to Stripe.</p>
<hr>
<h2><strong>What You'll Do</strong></h2>
<p class="mb-2 whitespace-pre-wrap">We're looking for a Monetization Services Analyst to join our growing team. This individual will help us improve user experience through accurate and timely onboarding of contracts and workflows, and deliver improvements in our integrated financial systems with business partners, financial colleagues, and engineers.</p>
<p class="mb-2 whitespace-pre-wrap"><strong>You will:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Be responsible for onboarding sold custom contracts into our billing systems.</li>
<li>Work with legal contracts with strong attention to detail and accuracy.</li>
<li>Develop and manage scalable billing and collection processes for complex user agreements and new business operations.</li>
<li>Build scalable and auditable onboarding processes for new and existing users.</li>
<li>Partner with internal systems, global deal management, legal, sales ops, internal audit, go-to-market, engineering, and accounting teams to develop and improve processes for contract reviews and to anticipate changing business requirements.</li>
<li>Partner with account managers to resolve user inquiries related to onboarding implementation, billing, and collections.</li>
<li>Advocate for the customer to internal stakeholders. Share system feedback and insights with Sales, Product Management, Engineering, Support, and Legal on innovation and improvements needed to optimize the Stripe user experience.</li>
<li>Help scope, build, and deliver continuous process improvements that enhance operations.</li>
</ul>
<hr>
<h2><strong>Who You Are</strong></h2>
<h3>Minimum Requirements</h3>
<ul>
<li>2+ years of experience in a client-facing role, ideally in customer success, consulting, financial services, account management, or sales, preferably working with technical products.</li>
<li>Track record of leading technical conversations and persuading others to take action based on requirements and value provided by solutions.</li>
<li>Ability to be detail-oriented while visualizing the larger impact of a series of transactions.</li>
<li>Strong analytical skills and the ability to navigate data and people to find answers.</li>
<li>Strong operating rigor, including organizational and time management skills.</li>
<li>Ability to work well with a wide range of people, both internally and externally, including working with a team of sales and services peers.</li>
<li>Motivation and flexibility to work well in a high-growth environment where things change quickly.</li>
</ul>
<h3>Preferred Qualifications</h3>
<ul>
<li>
<ul>
<li>Ability to trace process impacts from situation to end customers and business financial outcomes.</li>
<li>Knowledge of or experience in the payments industry.</li>
<li>Demonstrated professional experience using GSuite, Excel, and working with large data sets; experience with SQL is a plus.</li>
<li>Demonstrated project management or consulting experience and the ability to work cross-functionally.</li>
<li>A builder's mindset and a willingness to question assumptions and conventional wisdom.</li>
<li>A passion for learning and solving problems through infrastructure and automation.</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>