<div class="content-intro"><h3>About ClickHouse</h3>
<p>Recognized on the 2025 Forbes Cloud 100 list, ClickHouse is one of the most innovative and fast-growing private cloud companies. With more than 3,000 customers and ARR that has grown over 250 percent year over year, ClickHouse leads the market in real-time analytics, data warehousing, observability, and AI workloads.</p>
<p>The company’s sustained, accelerating momentum was recently validated by a $400M Series D financing round. Over the past three months, customers including Capital One, Lovable, Decagon, Polymarket, and Airwallex have adopted the platform or expanded existing deployments. These customers join an established base of AI innovators and global brands such as Meta, Cursor, Sony, and Tesla.</p>
<p>We’re on a mission to transform how companies use data. Come be a part of our journey!</p></div><p><strong>About the Team</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">The Cloud Engineering team is responsible for building the cloud native ClickHouse Cloud Platform that will transform the OLAP space. Our team is looking for exceptional performance engineers with a proven track record of understanding the performance limits of different distributed databases and create tools for measuring the performance and scalability of complex systems. The ideal candidate for this position is a distributed systems performance engineer with a strong background in database benchmarking, test automation, system engineering, performance analysis, and capacity management. This role is a unique opportunity to make a significant impact on our elastic, limitless scale, high-performance, server less ClickHouse Cloud.</span></p>
<p><strong>What will you do?</strong></p>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Benchmark system performance, database performance analysis, capacity sizing and optimization.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Troubleshoot and debug applications, server errors, logs, and triage accordingly.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Recommend configuration tuning/optimizations for performance bottlenecks.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Work closely and partner with ClickHouse's core development team, cloud team, and security team to improve the performance of ClickHouse Cloud.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Plan, enable, and drive Chaos initiatives across Engineering teams, based upon internal priorities</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Develop, deploy and manage tools to systematically run chaos experiments and measure impact</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Enjoy working on, and gaining a deep understanding of, large scale distributed systems</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Study the problems in the software resilience, operational, and delivery spaces</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Extend our entire backend to enable Chaos Engineering techniques in the system</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Observe running systems, and determine/prioritize innovative ways to disrupt them</span></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>About you:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">You have 6+ years of relevant software development industry experience building and operating scalable, fault-tolerant, distributed systems.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Software development experience in Go, C/C++, Java, or similar.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Experience with concurrency, multithreading, and the deployment of distributed system architectures</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Experience developing cloud infrastructure services, preferably with Kubernetes.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Experience leading and shipping large scope technical projects in collaboration with multiple experienced engineers.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Expertise with a public cloud provider (AWS, GCP, Azure) and their infrastructure as a service offering (e.g. EC2).</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">You have excellent communication skills and the ability to work well within a team and across engineering teams.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">You are a strong problem solver and have solid production debugging skills.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">You are passionate about efficiency, availability, scalability and data governance.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">You Thrive in a fast paced environment, and see yourself as a partner with the business with the shared goal of moving the business forward.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">You have a high level of responsibility, ownership, and accountability</span></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>#LI-Remote</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">&nbsp;</span></p><div class="content-conclusion"><h3><strong>Compensation</strong></h3>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">For roles based in the&nbsp;<strong>United States</strong>, t</span>he typical starting salary range for this position is listed above. In certain locations, such as the San Francisco Bay Area and the New York City Metro Area, a premium market range may apply, as listed.</p>
<p class="p1">These salary ranges reflect what we reasonably and in good faith believe to be the minimum and maximum pay for this role at the time of posting. The actual compensation may be higher or lower than the amounts listed, and the ranges may be subject to future adjustments.</p>
<p class="p1">An individual’s placement within the range will depend on various factors, including (but not limited to) education, qualifications, certifications, experience, skills, location, performance, and the needs of the business or organization.</p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">If you have any questions or comments about compensation as a candidate, please get in touch with us at&nbsp;<a href="mailto:paytransparency@clickhouse.com">paytransparency@clickhouse.com</a>.</span></p>
<h3><strong>Perks</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><strong>Flexible work environment</strong><span style="font-weight: 400;"> - ClickHouse is a globally distributed company and remote-friendly. We currently operate in over 20 countries.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><strong>Healthcare</strong><span style="font-weight: 400;"> - Employer contributions towards your healthcare.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><strong>Equity in the company</strong><span style="font-weight: 400;"> - Every new team member who joins our company receives stock options.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><strong>Time off</strong><span style="font-weight: 400;"> - Flexible time off in the US, generous entitlement in other countries.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><strong>A $500 Home office setup </strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">if you’re a remote employee.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><strong>Global Gatherings </strong>– We believe in the power of in-person connection and offer opportunities to engage with colleagues at company-wide offsites.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Culture - We All Shape It</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">As part of a rapidly scaling start up, you will be instrumental in shaping our culture.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Are you interested in finding out more about our culture? &nbsp;Learn more about our values <a href="https://clickhouse.com/company/careers">here</a>.&nbsp; Check out our<a href="https://clickhouse.com/blog"> blog posts</a> or follow us on <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/company/clickhouseinc/life/0c1ee7f4-2129-488d-b413-e7f6270659fd/?viewAsMember=true">LinkedIn</a> to find out more about what’s happening at ClickHouse.</span></p>
<p><strong>Equal Opportunity &amp; Privacy&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>ClickHouse provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any type based on factors such as race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws.&nbsp;</p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Please see&nbsp;<a href="https://clickhouse.com/legal/applicant-privacy-notice" target="\_blank" data-saferedirecturl="https://www.google.com/url?q=https://www.elastic.co/legal/applicant-privacy-statement&amp;source=gmail&amp;ust=1611068262479000&amp;usg=AFQjCNG3orAPk5sJIr9WVm0ZDxYw82c5DA">here</a>&nbsp;for our Privacy Statement.</span></p></div>