<p>
  <strong>Headquarters:</strong> Remote - US
</p>

<div class="job__description body"><div><p><strong>About IEM</strong></p><br><p>Industrial Electric Mfg. (IEM) is the largest independent full-line manufacturer of custom power distribution systems in North America. Founded more than 75 years ago in Fremont, California, IEM grew alongside Silicon Valley and today operates over 1.7 million square feet of manufacturing capacity. With $1B+ in annual sales and 10,000+ commissioned projects across technology, data centers, commercial, energy, utilities, healthcare, industrial, and infrastructure markets, IEM continues to deliver exceptional product quality, dependable service, and the flexibility to meet complex technical requirements at scale.</p></div><div><p>&nbsp;</p><br><p><strong>Position Summary</strong></p><br><p>The Product Manager is responsible for guiding assigned product lines throughout their lifecycle, from ideation to obsolescence. This role ensures that product strategy aligns with company goals and market needs while driving collaboration across Engineering, Sales, Operations, and Marketing. Product Managers act as product advocates, developing business cases, supporting new product introductions, and ensuring ongoing product success.</p><br><p>&nbsp;</p><br><p><strong>Key Responsibilities</strong></p><br><p>&nbsp;</p><br><ul><br><li>Managing assigned product lines throughout the full lifecycle, including planning, development, launch, growth, and end-of-life.</li><br><li>Supporting product roadmap development and aligning requirements with overall company strategy.</li><br><li>Conducting competitive analysis and validating market requirements in coordination with the Strategy and Sales teams.</li><br><li>Developing product documentation, including business cases, technical requirements, guide specifications, and other sales tools.</li><br><li>Collaborating with Engineering, Operations, Marketing, and Sales teams to ensure successful product development and market launch.</li><br><li>Supporting Steering Committee reviews, R&amp;D processes, and New Product Introduction deliverables.</li><br><li>Assisting Sales and Marketing with product launch activities and providing ongoing product training and positioning support.</li><br><li>Acting as a product ambassador, communicating roadmap updates and product performance to stakeholders.</li><br><li>Monitoring product performance, analyzing data, and preparing reports for continuous improvement.</li><br></ul><br><p>&nbsp;</p><br><p>&nbsp;</p><br><p><strong>Qualifications</strong></p><br><p>&nbsp;</p><br><ul><br><li>Bachelor’s degree in engineering, business, or a related technical field (or equivalent experience). MBA is a plus.</li><br><li>Minimum 4 years of relevant experience in the power distribution equipment industry or a closely related field, preferably with switchgear.</li><br><li>Technical knowledge of medium voltage power distribution products, markets, and applications.</li><br><li>Strong communication skills, ability to collaborate with cross-functional teams, and comfort working through ambiguity.</li><br><li>Proficiency with Microsoft Office tools, particularly Word, Excel and PowerPoint.</li><br></ul><br><p>&nbsp;</p><br><p><strong>&nbsp;</strong></p><br><p><strong>Workplace Conditions</strong></p><br><ul><br><li>Hybrid flexibility if located on-site or fully remote.</li><br><li>Up to 25% travel may be required.</li><br></ul><br><p>&nbsp;</p><br><p><strong>Compensation&nbsp;</strong></p><br><p>The salary range for this role is $91,200 -$135,200 per year, based on location, experience, and qualifications.</p><br><p>&nbsp;</p><br><p>&nbsp;</p><br><p><strong>Location</strong></p><br><p>This position is available in multiple locations, including Vancouver (CAN), Tualatin (OR), Franklin (TN), Fremont (CA), Jacksonville (FL), and Remote.</p><br><p>&nbsp;</p><br><p>&nbsp;</p><br><p>&nbsp;</p></div><div><p><strong>Why Join IEM</strong></p><br><p>At IEM, you’ll join a team that powers some of the world’s most ambitious projects. We’re engineers, makers, and problem-solvers who thrive on tackling complex challenges and delivering solutions that keep industries moving forward. If you’re driven, collaborative, and ready to make an impact, we’d love to hear from you. Your creativity and passion can help us achieve great things—come be part of the journey.</p><br><p>Learn more about IEM at <a href="https://www.iemfg.com">https://www.iemfg.com</a></p><br><p>We offer comprehensive and competitive benefits package designed to support our employees' well-being, growth, and long-term success. View a snapshot of our benefits at <a href="https://www.iemfg.com/careers">https://www.iemfg.com/careers</a></p><br><p><strong>Recruiting Scams</strong></p><br><p>Beware of recruiting scams. IEM never charges candidates fees, and all recruiter emails come from an @iemfg.com address. If you suspect fraudulent activity, do not share personal information and report it to us at&nbsp;<a href="https://www.iemfg.com/contact/">iemfg.com/contact</a></p><br><p><strong>Non-Discrimination Statement</strong></p><br><p>IEM does not discriminate against any applicant based on any characteristic protected by law.</p><br><p><strong>Privacy</strong></p><br><p>Information collected and processed as part of your IEM Careers profile, and any job applications you choose to submit is subject to IEM's <a href="https://www.iemfg.com/ccpa/">Workforce Member Privacy Policy.</a></p></div></div>

<p><strong>To apply:</strong> <a href="https://weworkremotely.com/remote-jobs/industrial-electric-manufacturing-product-manager-medium-voltage-products">https://weworkremotely.com/remote-jobs/industrial-electric-manufacturing-product-manager-medium-voltage-products</a></p>