At Surfshark, video is a powerful addition to our communication - a way to visualize stories, bring our brand to life, and connect with millions worldwide. From snappy social video edits to clear explainer and product tutorials and news videos, our video team turns complex cybersecurity topics into something bold, human, and easy to relate to.

To drive more content onto our ***[YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCEFFKGOqb1Mtvj3g3gjc6tQ)*** channels, we’re now looking for a Video Editor. Someone who can take raw footage and turn it into polished, high-energy, and engaging videos. You'll craft exciting stories by mastering pacing, visuals, and music while working closely with our Video Content Lead to create the best branded content on YouTube.

## If you want to:

- Create high-quality and engaging long-form and short-form YouTube videos;
- Follow general visual brand guidelines within your edits;
- Elevate your edited videos with interesting visuals and assets;
- Use the latest video AI tools to improve and optimize your editing workflow;
- Work together with our Video Content Lead to craft the most engaging content on YouTube.

## And you can check off:

- Experience working with Adobe Creative Cloud (Adobe Premiere and Adobe Photoshop);
- Experience with basic video animation (Adobe After Effects);
- Good knowledge of the video production process;
- Strong attention to detail when it comes to your video edits;
- Commitment to delivering high-quality videos with reasonable deadlines;
- Excellent written and verbal communication skills (English).

## Bonus points if you:

- Have experience in YouTube thumbnail design (Adobe Photoshop and Figma);
- Have experience in video scripting, storytelling and engaging video topic research;
- Have experience using AI video tools in creative workflows (Elevenlabs, Veo3, Kling).

## Here’s the deal:

- **Growth and learning opportunities:** time dedicated to learning, conferences, online learning platforms, and books for your professional development;
- **Health and wellness:** we want you to feel and be your best. That's why we offer various benefits, from online workouts and a physical coach to health insurance and regular mental health checks;
- **Tools of your choice:** choose the technical equipment and tools you need to do your best work;
- **Community and celebrations:**get ready for long-lasting traditions such as yearly workation, Friday get-togethers, various team buildings and company celebrations;
- **Work-life balance:** We encourage working in the office, with the possibility of up to two remote days per week. Plus, with our WFA policy, you can work from almost anywhere in the world;
- **More days off:**additional vacation days depending on your tenure;
- **Premium Surfshark accounts:** for you, your family, and friends;
- **Gross salary:** 2700 - 3500 Eur/month. Although it may vary depending on your skills and experience.