<div class="content-intro"><h2><span data-sheets-root="1">About Wolt</span></h2>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">At Wolt, we create technology that brings joy, simplicity and earnings to the neighborhoods of the world. In 2014 we started with delivery of restaurant food. Now we’re building the delivery of (almost) everything and you’ll find us in over 500 cities in 30 countries around the world. In 2022 we joined forces with DoorDash and together we keep on dreaming big and expanding across the globe.<br><br>Working at Wolt isn’t always easy, but it’s definitely exciting. Here you’ll learn more, build more, and ship more than in most other companies. You’ll be challenged a lot, but also have a lot of fun on the way. So, if you’re a self-starter with drive and entrepreneurial spirit, this could be the ride of your life.</span></p></div><p>We are looking for a dedicated and experienced full-time <strong>Store Team Lead</strong> <strong>(fixed-term)</strong> to help spearhead one of our Wolt Market stores in Riga.</p>
<p>Wolt Market is our rapid grocery delivery service, committed to providing unparalleled convenience and a world-leading customer experience. Our focus is on offering the right, customer-oriented product selection and the fastest available delivery in Riga, fundamentally changing the future of grocery shopping.</p>
<p>This is a challenging yet well-supported opportunity where you will have a significant influence on the success and operation of your city’s market.</p>
<p>If you have proven team leadership experience and thrive in a fun, dynamic environment, you could be the person we're searching for! Join one of Europe’s fastest-growing companies and make a real impact on the evolution of Wolt Market.</p>
<p><strong>Note</strong>: This is a <strong>fixed-term</strong> position (1-year contract) with possibility of being extended.</p>
<h2>What you’ll be doing</h2>
<p>You will work closely together with the Store Manager and the team, which you will guide, coach and develop within the frames of Wolt leadership values. To do this, you will make sure the Grocery Associates and Shift Leads have the knowledge and right tools to be able to run the store's day-to-day operations smoothly. This will include staying on top of freshness, inventory and stock management. You’ll be responsible for supporting Store Manager with hiring, training, providing daily feedback and also supporting holding 1x1s to grow the individuals, go through performance and set new goals.</p>
<h3><strong>Day-to-day in this role you’ll:</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Be responsible for the day-to-day store operations, including staying on top of freshness, inventory and stock management. This means working closely with people responsible for our selection.</li>
<li>Develop and improve the way our store operates. Fast delivery and fluent operations consist of a large field of things, this is one of the key day to day operational tasks you’ll be working with.</li>
<li>Lead, grow and motivate the team. Creating an environment where your colleagues can do their best work and have fun while working. Instructing and training the team, by giving feedback and following up on agreed actions.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Ensure that the day-to-day store tasks are done. This includes for example daily checks, cleanliness of the store and work environment safety. This also includes collaboration with local service providers.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Manage shift scheduling.</li>
<li>Monitor shrink levels and the amount of food that goes to waste.</li>
<li>Implement changes and processes from the global team and share best practices.</li>
<li>Make sure daily life in the store stays flexible and quickly reflects business needs &nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<h2>Our humble expectations</h2>
<ul>
<li>Leadership experience and the ability to motivate others.</li>
<li>Experience from working in a grocery store is a plus.</li>
<li>A fast learner with the ability to multitask.</li>
<li>Proactive and service-minded are words that describe you.</li>
<li>You have a can do-attitude and enjoy the idea of working in a fast-paced entrepreneurial environment.</li>
<li>You are able to work both during the day, evenings and weekends.</li>
<li>Data-driven and analytical, you understand data to help improve and develop.</li>
<li>A fluent level of English and Latvian is required.</li>
</ul>
<h2>Next steps</h2>
<p>If you are excited about working in a high-growth environment, taking ownership, and being part of an extremely ambitious team redefining grocery shopping, then click below to apply and get the conversation going!</p>
<p>We will be reviewing applications on an on-going basis, so if this sounds like an opportunity you want to pursue, apply today!</p>
<p>Please note that we do not accept applications coming through email due to GDPR. Make sure to apply through our careers page!</p>
<h2>Compensation</h2>
<p><strong>Monthly compensation</strong> for this position is <strong>1.746</strong> <strong>euros gross/month</strong></p>
<p><iframe src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/GoL541\_xj9w" width="560" height="314"></iframe></p><div class="content-conclusion"><h2><span data-sheets-root="1">Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion</span></h2>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">We’re committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. That’s why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.</span></p></div>