<h2><strong>The role</strong></h2>
<p>We’re looking for a driven and dynamic Display and Video Marketing Team Lead to manage and strengthen the core operations of our channel. In this role, you’ll play a key part in ensuring our marketing efforts remain scalable, leading to a high-performing acquisition channel across brands, while also driving innovation in strategy, execution, and optimization to keep us ahead in a rapidly evolving digital landscape.</p>
<p>You’ll lead the way on tactical campaign execution, performance optimization, and operational excellence across platforms like Google Ads, Dv360, AmazonAds, turning insights into action and growth at scale.</p>
<p>As the Team Lead, you’ll bring a strong performance marketing background, hands-on Display &amp; Video expertise, and the ability to manage multiple stakeholders in a fast-paced environment. You’ll also act as the main point of contact for our external agency partners, ensuring full alignment on plans, priorities, and execution across markets.</p>
<h2><strong>What you’ll do</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li><strong>Campaign execution oversight</strong>: Oversee campaign quality and consistency, from set-up and pacing to budget allocation and optimization, ensuring smooth execution against targets.</li>
<li><strong>Performance management</strong>: Review weekly media plans, monitor budgets, and deliver performance reports with actionable insights that connect to strategic objectives.</li>
<li><strong>Cross-functional collaboration</strong>: Partner closely with local marketing, creative, and analytics teams to deliver coordinated and effective campaigns.</li>
<li><strong>Agency management</strong>: Act as the key liaison for external agencies; align on campaign plans, execution, and priorities across multiple markets.</li>
<li><strong style="text-align: justify;">Operational excellence</strong><span style="text-align: justify;">: Continuously improve processes and systems to make the channel more predictable, efficient, and scalable.</span></li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>What you’ll bring</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>A strong academic background in Marketing, Business, Analytics, or a related field</li>
<li>6+ years of experience in performance marketing, with a proven track record in managing display and video operations across Google ads and other DSPs.&nbsp;</li>
<li>2+ years of management experience, with the ability to mentor, develop, and guide a team</li>
<li>Highly data-driven, action-oriented, organized, and a natural problem solver</li>
<li>Strong relationship management and stakeholder engagement skills</li>
<li>A self-starter who takes ownership from day one and leads with integrity, precision, and accountability</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>What we offer</strong></h2>
<p>Elevate your lifestyle! Join one of Europe's fastest-growing tech powerhouses in a dynamic phase of expansion.</p>
<ul>
<li>Immerse yourself in a diverse global community of 90+ nationalities.</li>
<li>Enjoy a competitive compensation package that goes beyond the norm, with perks like a HelloFresh- subsidized Pension Scheme, Berlin relocation support, and a Hybrid working model.</li>
<li>Elevate your lifestyle with exclusive discounts on your weekly HelloFresh box and office meals.</li>
<li>Invest in your growth with an annual learning &amp; development budget, German language learning budget, and access to the HelloFresh Academy.</li>
<li>Plus, we've got your well-being covered with mental health support, transportation perks, and working-parent-friendly benefits. From our 24/7 gym access,wellbeing platforms like Headspace and Spill, to sabbatical leave options, HelloFresh is not just a workplace; it's a lifestyle of perks and possibilities!</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Are you up for the challenge?</strong></h2>
<p style="text-align: justify;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Please submit your complete application below including your salary expectations and earliest starting date.</span></p>
<p style="text-align: justify;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">After submitting an application our team will review this and get back to you within 5 business days.&nbsp;</span></p>