<div class="content-intro"><h2><span data-sheets-root="1">About Wolt</span></h2>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">At Wolt, we create technology that brings joy, simplicity and earnings to the neighborhoods of the world. In 2014 we started with delivery of restaurant food. Now we’re building the delivery of (almost) everything and you’ll find us in over 500 cities in 30 countries around the world. In 2022 we joined forces with DoorDash and together we keep on dreaming big and expanding across the globe.<br><br>Working at Wolt isn’t always easy, but it’s definitely exciting. Here you’ll learn more, build more, and ship more than in most other companies. You’ll be challenged a lot, but also have a lot of fun on the way. So, if you’re a self-starter with drive and entrepreneurial spirit, this could be the ride of your life.</span></p></div><p><em>Calling all team-players - are you looking for a flexible role that could shape the future of retail? If so, then let’s talk!&nbsp;&nbsp;</em></p>
<p>We’re hiring a part-time Grocery Associate <em><strong>(20 hours per week, fixed-term contract)</strong></em> to join our team at <em><strong>Wolt Market Žirmūnai!</strong></em>&nbsp;🤩</p>
<h2><strong>What you’ll be doing</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Taking in orders through our Merchant app</li>
<li>Picking and packing groceries, and handing them to customers and courier partners</li>
<li>Unloading food and supplies that we receive from vendors</li>
<li>Managing our internal systems which include precise information about nutrients and allergens</li>
<li>Maintaining order and cleanliness of the store</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Our humble expectations</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>You are proactive and a fast learner with the ability to multitask</li>
<li>You're able to work during workdays as well as weekends.</li>
<li>Experience from working in a grocery store is an advantage!</li>
<li>You have a professional proficiency both in English and Lithuanian!</li>
<li>You have the right to work in Lithuania</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>What you’ll get by joining us</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Wolt credits cashback benefit</li>
<li>Health insurance after probation period ends</li>
<li>Employee assistance program</li>
<li>Wolt-wide training programs</li>
<li>Team event budgets twice a year</li>
<li>Coffee and tea at the store</li>
</ul>
<p>If you are excited about working in a high-growth environment, taking ownership, and being part of an extremely ambitious team, then click below to apply and get the conversation going! We will be reviewing applications on an on-going basis, so send through your application as soon as possible! 💙<br><br>Base salary starts from <span data-sheets-root="1">8.55</span>€ gross per hour.</p>
<p><iframe src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/T10nqKEgkmE" width="560" height="314"></iframe></p>
<h2>Compensation</h2>
<p>The successful candidate’s starting pay will fall within the pay range listed below and is determined based on factors such as the candidate’s skills, experience and qualifications. Please note, that the starting pay may vary if the candidate does not fully meet the expectations as outlined in this job posting.</p>
<p>Base salary starts from&nbsp;<span data-sheets-root="1">8.55</span>€ gross per hour.</p>
<p>To learn more about our benefits, please do not hesitate to bring this up with our Talent Acquisition Partner!</p><div class="content-conclusion"><h2><span data-sheets-root="1">Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion</span></h2>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">We’re committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. That’s why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.</span></p></div>