## Your mission

<div style="text-align:justify;">We know healthcare is not the easiest industry to revolutionize (think regulation or market access). This means resilience and resourcefulness become essential qualities. For this exciting new opportunity in the fast-growing MedTech sector, we are looking for a dedicated<strong> Senior Software Engineer</strong><strong> - full time (m/f/x)</strong> - to join our company's data science team in Berlin.</div><div style="text-align:justify;"><br></div><div style="text-align:justify;">It’s important that you believe in what you do and help work towards our shared goals.</div><div style="text-align:justify;"><br></div><div style="text-align:justify;"><strong>What you will do</strong></div><div style="text-align:justify;"><br></div><p style="text-align:justify;">• Work on complex, cross-functional projects along with other talented software developers, data scientists, physicists, and engineers; <br>• Participate in a variety of satisfying and interesting projects, including development of firmware, front-ends, back-ends, APIs, and algorithms for data science; <br>• Use state-of-the-art frameworks and technologies in all domains; <br>• Participate in decision-making processes.</p>

## Your profile

<p style="text-align:justify;">• Solid experience in developing and maintaining web applications across the entire stack (front-end, back-end, databases), preferably using Node.js, React, and TypeScript; <br>• Expertise in either C++ or Rust, with a good understanding of best practices, memory management, and performance optimization; <br>• Familiarity with best practices in software development, including unit testing, continuous integration (CI), version control, and code reviews; <br>• Experience with embedded systems is a plus; <br>• Background in science or engineering is a plus; <br>• Experience in the healthcare industry is a plus.</p>

## Why us?

<div style="text-align:justify;">●   The opportunity to make a difference and improve people's lives;</div><div style="text-align:justify;">●   Work side by side together with top data scientists, physicists, hardware and software engineers;</div><div style="text-align:justify;">●    Access to a well-established technology and business network;</div><div style="text-align:justify;">●    An enjoyable place to work in the heart of Berlin, with flexible working hours;</div><div style="text-align:justify;">●    A welcoming working culture that encourages personal growth as the basis for company growth;</div><div style="text-align:justify;">●    Last but not least, a competitive salary.</div><div style="text-align:justify;"><br></div><div style="text-align:justify;"><strong>Will you fit our culture?</strong></div><div style="text-align:justify;">At DiaMonTech we have a diverse, highly motivated and skilled team of international professionals working towards our common goals. We give our talented and dynamic employees the opportunity to unleash their potential, allowing them to take responsibility and bring creative new ideas along.</div><div style="text-align:justify;"><br></div><div style="text-align:justify;">We are an equal opportunity employer and do not discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment on the basis of race, color, sex, age, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, social status, and basis of disability or any other class protected by German law.</div><div style="text-align:justify;"><br></div><div style="text-align:justify;"><strong>Interested?</strong> </div><div style="text-align:justify;">Please submit one single PDF file containing your CV, cover letter with the subject "Senior Software Engineer 2025 - P", earliest starting date, salary expectations, and a confirmation that you have permission to work in the EU. We are looking forward to hearing from you!</div>