<p><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;">The Product team builds features end-to-end. From designing our data models to implementing the subtle interaction behaviors that differentiate good software from great software. We work closely with UI designers and are supported by our infrastructure team. We aim to delight users with both large new features and smaller, daily product enhancements—thanks to our continuous deployment architecture. We want to create a superlative user experience, down to the smallest details.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;">Asana’s ecosystem includes a&nbsp;<a href="https://asana.com/apps?category=all-apps">wide range of powerful apps</a> that extend its capabilities and integrate it seamlessly into our users’ workflows. These apps help establish Asana as the shared collaboration infrastructure our customers use to get things done, spanning the full breadth of domains and departments. The Functional Integrations team in the Platform Area owns integrating Asana with the most valuable function-specific (think Operations, Marketing, or IT) tools, enabling experts on those teams to effectively share and communicate their work to the company as a whole.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;">We’re looking for full-stack engineers who care deeply about customers and are passionate about building products that improve the way millions of teams work together. As a member of the team developing the software of a product-led company, you won’t just code — you will be an integral part of the entire product development process, from conception to post-launch reflection.</span></p>
<p>This role is based in our Warsaw office with an office-centric hybrid schedule. The standard in-office days are Monday, Tuesday, and Thursday. Most Asanas have the option to work from home on Wednesdays. Working from home on Fridays depends on the type of work you do, and your recruiter can share more about the in-office requirements.</p>
<p><strong>Our employees in Poland are employed under a contract of employment.</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;"><strong>What you’ll achieve</strong></span></p>
<ul>
<li style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;"><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;">As a full-stack engineer, you get to build and own a broad swath of the product: everything from creating a compelling user interface down to creating efficient, flexible, and scalable back-end processing logic</span></li>
<li style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;"><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;">Participate in every step of the product development process with an open and curious team, working cross-functionally with a product manager, designer, user researcher, and data scientist</span></li>
<li style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;"><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;">Develop clean, beautiful code and leave it better than you found it</span></li>
<li style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;"><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;">Experience growth and development through opportunities to stretch and learn</span></li>
<li style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;"><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;">Be an early employee in our growing Warsaw office, contributing to a culture that keeps Asana's workplace balanced, performant, inclusive, transparent, and aligned with our values</span></li>
</ul>
<p><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;"><strong>About you</strong></span></p>
<ul>
<li style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;"><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;">4 or more years of full-stack experience working in large, well-maintained codebases building user-facing products (integration development preferred), with professional experience in Javascript/Typescript (React and Node.js) or Scala</span></li>
<li style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;"><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;">Excellent communication skills for collaborating with cross-functional partners (e.g. PM, design) and cross-timezone with partner teams</span></li>
<li style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;"><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;">Sound autonomous judgment when balancing moving quickly with producing quality, long-term maintainable code</span></li>
<li style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;"><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;">Passionate about creating a superlative user experience and attentive to details</span></li>
<li style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;"><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;">Appreciate productivity and care deeply about helping teams collaborate more effectively and efficiently, including your own</span></li>
<li style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;"><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;">Excited to be a part of an inclusive culture where everyone brings the aspects of themselves to the workplace that they need to thrive</span></li>
<li style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;">Demonstrates curiosity about AI tools and emerging technologies, with a willingness to learn and leverage them to enhance productivity, collaboration, or decision-making.</li>
</ul>
<p><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;">At Asana, we're committed to building teams that include a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, and skills, as this is critical to helping us achieve our mission. If you're interested in this role and don't meet every listed requirement, we still encourage you to apply.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;"><strong>What we’ll offer</strong><br></span></p>
<p><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;">For this role, the estimated base salary range is between 26,000 PLN - 33,896 PLN (gross monthly). The actual base salary will vary based on various factors, including market and individual qualifications objectively assessed during the interview process. The listed range above is a guideline, and the base salary range for this role may be modified.<br>In addition to base salary, your compensation package may include additional components such as equity, sales incentive pay (for most sales roles), and benefits. If you're interviewing for this role, speak with your Talent Acquisition Partner to learn more about the total compensation and benefits for this role.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;"><br>We strive to provide equitable and competitive benefits packages that support our employees worldwide and include:</span></p>
<ul>
<li>Generous, transparent and fair compensation system</li>
<li>Contract of Employment (<strong>and the option of </strong>&nbsp;<strong>50% tax deductible costs for author’s rights usage in respect of&nbsp; applicable roles )&nbsp;</strong></li>
<li>Health insurance with dental and travel coverage (Lux Med)&nbsp;</li>
<li>Meals reimbursement on the days that you work from the office</li>
<li>Career growth budget&nbsp;</li>
<li>Home office setup budget&nbsp;</li>
<li>Gym/Fitness reimbursement</li>
<li>Fertility healthcare and family-forming support with <a href="https://www.get-carrot.com/">Carrot</a></li>
<li>Mental Health Support in Modern Health</li>
<li>Group life insurance</li>
<li>MacBooks with all necessary accessories</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;">#LI-Hybrid #warsaw</span></p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>About us</strong></p>
<p data-pm-slice="1 1 []">Asana is a leading platform for human + AI collaboration. Millions of teams around the world rely on Asana to achieve their most important goals, faster. Asana has been named to Fortune's Best Workplaces for 7+ years and recognized by Fast Company, Forbes, and Gartner for excellence in workplace culture and innovation. We offer an exceptional office-centric culture while adopting the best elements of hybrid models to ensure that every one of our global team members can work together effortlessly. With 13+ offices all over the world, we are always looking for individuals who care about building technology that drives positive change in the world and a culture where everyone feels that they belong.</p>
<p data-pm-slice="1 1 []"><strong><a class="LinkThemeablePresentation LinkPrimaryPresentation LinkPrimaryPresentation--sentimentSelected PrimaryLink HighlightSol HighlightSol--core HighlightSol--buildingBlock" href="https://www.gem.com/form?formID=fbcdec8c-3442-43b9-9b45-d2b5f4ea25db" target="\_blank">Join Asana’s Talent Network</a></strong>&nbsp;to stay up to date on job opportunities and life at Asana.</p></div>