<h2>Alloy is where you belong!</h2>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Alloy helps solve the identity risk problem for companies that offer financial products by enabling them to outpace fraud and confidently serve more people around the world. Over 700 of the world’s largest financial institutions and fintechs turn to Alloy to take control of fraud, credit, and compliance risk, and grow with the clearest picture of their customers.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Through our values: Be Bold, Get Scrappy, Collaborate, and Celebrate Our Differences, we are creating a workplace where you can grow, thrive, and belong. See how we’ve been continuously recognized and named one of&nbsp;<a class="c-link" href="https://www.inc.com/profile/alloy" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://www.inc.com/profile/alloy" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">Inc. Magazine’s Best Workplaces</a>,&nbsp;<a class="c-link" href="https://www.forbes.com/companies/alloy/?list=americas-best-startup-employers&amp;sh=55c076453c61" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://www.forbes.com/companies/alloy/?list=americas-best-startup-employers&amp;sh=55c076453c61" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">Forbes America’s Best Startup Employers</a>,&nbsp;<a class="c-link" href="https://www.americanbanker.com/list/best-places-to-work-in-fintech" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://www.americanbanker.com/list/best-places-to-work-in-fintech" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">Best Fintech to Work for by American Banker</a>, year after year.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Check out our investors and read more about us <a class="c-link" href="https://www.alloy.com/about" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://www.alloy.com/about" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">here</a>.</span></p>
<h2>About the team</h2>
<p>Alloy operates in a hybrid-work environment. We look to foster collaboration and community by having our local employees onsite twice a week, and remote employees onsite once a quarter.</p>
<h2><strong>What you'll be doing</strong></h2>
<p>Alloy expanded its operations globally in 2022 and has gained significant momentum in addressing fraud, risk, and compliance challenges for leading clients such as Monzo, WorldPay, and Santander. Our international focus is a key aspect of our mission to make the financial services industry more dynamic and accessible. To support this global strategy, we are enhancing our UK team based in London to serve the wider UK and EMEA regions better.&nbsp;</p>
<p>We’re delighted to be hiring, and our newest team member will be tasked with growing our business within our Strategic global accounts.</p>
<p>The objectives will be to:</p>
<ul>
<li><strong>Target Growth in Fintech and Banking: </strong>Driving booking growth and market penetration, specifically in the fintech and banking sectors by achieving ambitious sales targets and securing large-scale enterprise accounts.</li>
<li><strong>Build Relationships with senior executives and technology partners: </strong>Develop strong, long-lasting relationships with senior executives and key partners to understand their specific challenges and position Alloy as a strategic, high-value solution.</li>
<li><strong>Position Alloy as an Industry Leader: </strong>Create and implement strategies to establish our enterprise platform as the top solution for compliance and risk management.</li>
<li><strong>Identify and Engage High-Potential Companies: </strong>Identify high-potential companies and key stakeholder mapping to implement effective prospecting strategies to capture their interest in Alloy.</li>
<li><strong>Communicate Strategically and Effectively: </strong>Think strategically and demonstrate excellent interpersonal, communication, and writing skills to simplify complex contractual, technical, and financial details.</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Who we’re looking for</strong></h2>
<p>Reporting to the Director of UK/EMEA, Alloy is looking for an eager-to-learn, resourceful and results-focused player, preferably with 4+ years of quota-carrying SaaS platform sales. We require an entrepreneurial and driven account executive who can balance scrappiness with strategic thinking, take the lessons we have in the US, and translate them into the correct positioning and sales process for engaging and closing new clients in the UK &amp; EMEA. Someone who will standout carries the following experience:&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>Strong communication skills, with a focus on client-specific needs</li>
<li>Ability to craft a compelling and differentiated value proposition</li>
<li>Ability to work effectively in a cross-functional hybrid environment</li>
<li>Ability to identify and prioritise high-value targets</li>
<li>Effectiveness in building relationships with senior executives</li>
<li>Clear, logical, and actionable sales strategy</li>
<li>Demonstrated understanding of account management strategies</li>
<li>Ability to build long-term, trusted relationships with key clients</li>
<li>Have excellent sales methodology acumen and can confidently demonstrate a professional approach to sales—preferably MEDDPICC.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Demonstrated success in prospecting and consultative sales with strong discovery skills, empathy, and the ability to close business.</li>
<li>Highly collaborative, efficiently coordinating with external partners and internal resources.</li>
<li>Has a strong and growing social brand&nbsp;</li>
<li>Self-motivated, analytical, and ambitious with an entrepreneurial spirit.</li>
<li>Ability to travel within EU/EMEA as well as to America for team events and training</li>
</ul>
<p>We're a lean team, so your impact will be felt immediately, and opportunities will grow as the company scales up. If this all sounds like a good fit for you, why not join us?</p>
<p>Alloy is committed to fair and equitable compensation practices. Pay may vary depending on job-related knowledge, in-demand skills, relevant experience, and/or geography. In addition to a competitive base salary, this position is also eligible for equity awards in the form of stock options (ISOs) as well as a competitive total benefits package. Your recruiter will be happy to walk you through the details and what compensation could look like for you specifically!</p>
<h2>Benefits and Perks&nbsp;</h2>
<ul>
<li>Unlimited holiday and flexible work policy</li>
<li>Pension with employee contribution</li>
<li>Up to 100% compensation for 16 weeks of parental leave</li>
<li>Home office stipend for new employees</li>
<li>Annual £900 learning &amp; development stipend</li>
<li>Equity plan&nbsp;</li>
<li>Uncapped commissions&nbsp;</li>
<li>Training programs to help foster growth (Alloy Foundations, Alloy Lead, Etc.)</li>
<li>Private health and dental care</li>
</ul>
<h2>How to apply</h2>
<p>Apply right here! You've found the application!</p>
<p>Alloy is proud to be an equal-opportunity workplace and employer. We’re committed to equal opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, gender, gender identity, parental or pregnancy status, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, or veteran status. We are committed to an inclusive interview experience and provide reasonable accommodations to applicants with visible and invisible disabilities. We encourage applicants to share needed accommodations with their recruiter.</p>
<p>All Alloy jobs are listed on our careers page. Any communication during the recruitment process, including interview requests or job offers, will come directly from a recruiting team member with an <a href="http://alloy.com/">alloy.com</a> email address. We do not use outside applications or automated text messaging in our recruiting process. We will not ask for any sensitive financial or identification information during the recruiting process. If you’re ever unsure, please contact us directly via our website before sharing personal information.</p>