<div class="content-intro"><div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
<div>
<p>At Cloudflare, we are on a mission to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers millions of websites and other Internet properties for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.&nbsp;</p>
<p>At Cloudflare, we’re not looking for people who wait for a polished roadmap; we’re looking for the builders who see the cracks in the Internet that everyone else has simply learned to live with. We value candidates who have the instinct to spot a "normalized" problem and the AI-native curiosity to create a solution using the latest tools. Our culture is built on iteration, leveraging AI to ship faster today to make it better tomorrow, while ensuring that every improvement, no matter how small, is shared across the team to lift everyone up. If you’re the type of person who values curiosity over bureaucracy, and that AI is a partner in solving tough problems to keep the Internet moving forward, you’ll fit right in.</p>
</div></div><h3><strong>Available Location: Sydney, Australia</strong></h3>
<p><strong>About the Role:&nbsp;&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>As a <strong>Resident Consultant</strong> at Cloudflare, you will be an integral part of the post-sales team, serving as the senior-most technical expert and advisor for our most strategic and technically complex customers. This role is designed for a seasoned technologist who not only possesses deep technical expertise but also thrives on onsite customer interaction, solving real-world challenges, and leading through thought and innovation. You will play a crucial part in helping customers maximise the value of Cloudflare’s solutions, ensuring they are fully equipped to meet their security, performance, and reliability needs.</p>
<p>In this role, you will go beyond traditional support by engaging as a trusted advisor, understanding each customer’s unique infrastructure, challenges, and goals. Your guidance will help architect solutions that enhance customer operations, optimise performance, and minimise risks. Customers will rely on your expertise to tackle complex technical issues, refine their architectural frameworks, and drive business success through Cloudflare’s technology.</p>
<p>As a thought leader, you’ll not only support existing customers but also contribute to Cloudflare’s reputation and industry presence. This involves representing Cloudflare at conferences, industry events, and speaking engagements, where you’ll share your insights and experiences with a wider audience. Your role will extend to writing in-depth knowledge articles, white papers, and thought leadership pieces that contribute to the technical community and empower both customers and Cloudflare’s internal teams.</p>
<p>While embedded, onsite where required,&nbsp; with the customer, you’ll also closely collaborate with Customer Success, Support, Sales, Partners, Product Management, and Engineering to advocate for customer needs and ensure that our product/solutions roadmap aligns with real-world requirements. Through these cross-functional relationships, you’ll bring valuable customer insights that influence product improvements and help refine best practices, solidifying Cloudflare’s position as a leader in secure, fast, and reliable internet solutions.</p>
<p>This role is ideal for an individual contributor who excels at combining strategic thinking with hands-on expertise and implementation, and enjoys working with customers onsite and remotely&nbsp; in their environment. You’ll have the autonomy to shape solutions, make impactful decisions, and mentor teams across Cloudflare. As a key part of our mission, your contributions will directly support Cloudflare’s vision to build a better internet by enabling customer success through technology and innovation.</p>
<p><strong>Responsibilities:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><strong>Customer Engagement &amp; Technical Leadership</strong></li>
<ul>
<li>Serve as a trusted advisor to key enterprise customers, providing technical insights, best practices, and strategic recommendations that support their business goals and drive success with Cloudflare’s solutions in particular Cloudflare’s worker and workers AI platforms</li>
<li>Lead architectural discussions, design sessions, and solution reviews to ensure the optimal application of Cloudflare’s offerings in customer environments.</li>
<li>Diagnose complex technical issues and deliver effective, strategic solutions in collaboration with the support and product teams.</li>
</ul>
<li><strong>Thought Leadership &amp; Knowledge Sharing</strong></li>
<ul>
<li>Represent Cloudflare at industry conferences, webinars, and customer events, sharing insights and best practices with a broad audience.</li>
<li>Write in-depth knowledge articles, white papers, and best practice guides to support customers and internal teams, contributing to Cloudflare’s repository of resources.</li>
<li>Act as an industry thought leader by identifying emerging trends and developing relevant strategies to address them, positioning Cloudflare as an innovative leader in the space.</li>
</ul>
<li><strong>Cross-functional Collaboration</strong></li>
<ul>
<li>Partner closely with Sales, Customer Success, Support, Partners, Product Management, and Engineering to ensure customer feedback and insights influence the product roadmap and enhance the customer experience.</li>
<li>Mentor and upskill internal teams and junior technical resources, fostering a culture of continuous learning and technical excellence.</li>
</ul>
<li><strong>Consultation &amp; Application of Industry Best Practices</strong></li>
<ul>
<li>Leverage industry knowledge to advise customers and implement best practices in areas like security, network optimisation, scalability, performance tuning, and more, tailored to their unique needs.</li>
<li>Stay current with industry trends and Cloudflare’s evolving solutions to provide informed and forward-thinking guidance &amp; configuration enhancements.</li>
</ul>
</ul>
<p><strong>Desirable skills, knowledge and experience may include a combination of:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>10+ years of experience in a technical customer-facing role such as Solutions Architect, Technical Account Manager, or similar, ideally in cloud networking, security, or web infrastructure.</li>
<li>Extensive and proven knowledge of development platforms such as Cloudflare’s Workers and Workers AI, cybersecurity, web performance, and cloud infrastructure.</li>
<li>Hands on experience in building AI tools including private LLM creation and associated software development tools.</li>
<li>Experience working with Cloudflare products or similar web infrastructure and security solutions is highly desirable.</li>
<li>Exceptional written and verbal communication skills, with experience presenting complex topics to technical and non-technical audiences.</li>
<li>Proven track record of speaking at conferences, writing technical articles, and establishing yourself as a thought leader in a technology field.</li>
<li>Strong consultative skills, with a history of effectively solving complex technical problems in customer environments.</li>
<li>Ability to translate customer requirements into practical, scalable solutions that align with Cloudflare’s technology stack.</li>
<li>Prior customer onsite placement experience is a plus.</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: Since 2014, we've equipped more than 2,400 journalism and civil society organizations in 111 countries with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: In 2017, we created the Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration. Since the project, we've provided services to more than 425 local government election websites in 33 states.</span></p>
<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Please note that applicants who progress to the offer stage of the interview process may be asked to attend an in-person interview within one of the Cloudflare Offices or Cloudflare Hubs.&nbsp; More details about this will be available at that stage of the interview process.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p></div>