<p><strong>Protecting and building a future shaped by original ideas, innovations, and creativity.</strong></p>
<p>From counterfeits and pirated content to fraudulent sites and unauthorized sellers, MarqVision provides end-to-end brand control across 1,500+ platforms in 118+ countries. Our AI-powered managed service platform for brand control and intelligence enables rapid, scalable enforcement—so your team can move faster, protect revenue, and preserve brand equity across every digital touchpoint. Founded by Harvard Law graduates in 2020, MarqVision is backed by Peak XV (formerly Sequoia Capital India), HSG (formerly Sequoia Capital China), Salesforce Ventures, Altos Ventures, DST Global Partners, Y Combinator, Softbank and Atinum Investments. Recognized with an LVMH Innovation Award and the Inc 5000 Fastest Growing Companies award in 2025, MarqVision continues to push boundaries in brand control, ensuring that innovation, creativity, and trust remain safeguarded in a rapidly evolving digital world.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>How&nbsp;You'll&nbsp;Make&nbsp;an&nbsp;Impact&nbsp;at&nbsp;MarqVision</strong></p>
<p>The Ecosystem &amp; Platform Partnerships Team has the mission to maximize the value of MarqVision’s brand protection services and build thought leadership in the industry through global relationship management with online platforms, industry associations and law enforcement.</p>
<p>MarqVision is looking for a Partnership Manager in China to join our Ecosystem &amp; Platform Partnerships Team. In this role, you will report to the Head of Ecosystem &amp; Platform and be responsible for addressing enforcement challenges and enhancing the quality of the brand protection services for the company’s customers by establishing, managing, and developing partnerships with online intermediaries, industry associations, private investigators or law enforcement agencies in China.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>What You’ll Achieve</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Establish, manage and develop relationships with online intermediaries, industry associations and law enforcement authorities in China to address enforcement challenges and expand partnership benefits for our customers.</li>
<li>Serve as a PoC for the company’s troubleshooting process related to anti-counterfeiting matters in China.</li>
<li>Work with the Director of Partnerships to develop and implement the company’s partnership strategies for China.</li>
<li>Gather and share enforcement best practices for China.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Skills You'll Need to Bring</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>5+ years of experience in Trust &amp; Safety, brand protection, anti-counterfeiting, or IP enforcement.</li>
<li>Good understanding of the common challenges shared by brand owners in brand protection as well as experience resolving them.</li>
<li>Excellent communication skills including the ability to manage discussions, resolve conflicts, and negotiate in sensitive or contentious situations.</li>
<li>Strategic thinker and persistent problem solver.</li>
<li>Great team player adept at cross-functional/cross-team collaborations.</li>
<li>Highly performance-driven professional.</li>
<li>Native Mandarin speaker, also full business fluency of English.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Nice to Have</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Work experience in a global company handling different time zones or cultures</li>
<li>Work experience in online brand protection in China: e-commerces, ISPs, brand protection service providers, law firms, industry associations, or law enforcement agencies.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Additional Reference</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><a href="https://www.marqvision.com/blog">MarqVision Company Blog</a></li>
<li><a href="https://www.marqvision.com/leadership">Leadership Team&nbsp;</a></li>
</ul>