<div class="content-intro"><p><strong data-stringify-type="bold">Why work at Nebius<br></strong>Nebius is leading a new era in cloud computing to serve the global AI economy. We create the tools and resources our customers need to solve real-world challenges and transform industries, without massive infrastructure costs or the need to build large in-house AI/ML teams. Our employees work at the cutting edge of AI cloud infrastructure alongside some of the most experienced and innovative leaders and engineers in the field.</p>
<p><strong>Where we work<br></strong>Headquartered in Amsterdam and listed on Nasdaq, Nebius has a global footprint with R&amp;D hubs across Europe, North America, and Israel. The team of over 1400 employees includes more than 400 highly skilled engineers with deep expertise across hardware and software engineering, as well as an in-house AI R&amp;D team.</p></div><p>Nebius Managed Kubernetes (mk8s) mission is to grow the Nebius cloud platform by providing a Kubernetes-native way to run AI systems with high efficiency and low operational overhead. <br>With a single click, it provides a Kubernetes cluster on top of Nebius services for compute (VMs) and networking. <br>In 2026, the service is scaling 10× and is expected to manage customer workloads across tens of thousands of GPU servers in more than 10 data centers.</p>
<p>You will lead the mk8s Core team, one of three mk8s teams. The Core team owns the API, the core of the service control plane, cluster autoscaling, platform integrations, and running k8s add-ons.<br><br>At Nebius, team leads are hands-on. We expect you to be a senior or staff engineer now (or earlier in your career). You will start as an individual contributor to gain context, then take on managerial responsibilities.</p>
<p><strong>In this position, you will be responsible to:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><strong>Lead by example.</strong> Set the quality bar by spending a significant portion of your time on IC work: writing and reviewing code, leading projects, and participating in on-call rotation, incident mitigation, and post-incident analysis.</li>
<li><strong>Manage 4–8 mid-to-senior engineers.</strong> Provide context, coach, and give regular feedback.</li>
<li><strong>Maintain the technical vision</strong> for your area of responsibility.</li>
<li><strong>Collaborate with the Product Manager and Service Owner</strong> to shape product vision and plans.</li>
</ul>
<h3>Examples of outcomes you could drive as a Team Lead</h3>
<ul>
<li>Optimize the service control plane to create and manage 20K GPU nodes in a single Kubernetes cluster, enabling a major contract for the company.</li>
<li>Integrate cluster autoscaling approaches (e.g., Karpenter) to improve resource utilization and support seamless auto-upgrades.</li>
<li>Provide a Kubernetes-native way to use local disks to reduce disk I/O bottlenecks for AI training and inference, improving efficiency.</li>
<li>Deliver managed Layer 7 load balancers to reduce operational overhead for customers.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>What you will bring to the table:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>8+ years of professional software engineering or management experience</li>
<li>Excellent knowledge of Golang, or you are ready to quickly switch to this programming language</li>
<li>Expertise with</li>
<ul>
<li>Multi-month technical projects</li>
<li>Tech leading engineers</li>
<li>Owning multi-month technical projects.</li>
</ul>
</ul>
<p><strong>It would be an added bonus if you had:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Experience with Team management, Kubernetes administration, Developing Kubernetes controllers</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>What we offer</strong>&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>Competitive salary and comprehensive benefits package.</li>
<li>Opportunities for professional growth within Nebius.</li>
<li>Flexible working arrangements.</li>
<li>A dynamic and collaborative work environment that values initiative and innovation.</li>
</ul>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">We’re growing and expanding our products every day. If you’re up to the challenge and are excited about AI and ML as much as we are, join us!</span></p></div>