<div><strong>This is Adyen</strong></div>
<div>&nbsp;</div>
<div>Adyen provides payments, data, and financial products in a single solution for customers like Facebook, Uber, H&amp;M, and Microsoft - making us the financial technology platform of choice. At Adyen, everything we do is engineered for ambition.</div>
<div><br>For our teams, we create an environment with opportunities for our people to succeed, backed by the culture and support to ensure they are enabled to truly own their careers. The people of Adyen are motivated individuals who tackle unique technical challenges at scale and solve them as a team. Together, we deliver innovative and ethical solutions that help businesses achieve their ambitions faster.</div>
<div>&nbsp;</div>
<div><strong>Financial Products&nbsp;</strong></div>
<div><br>The Financial Products solution is responsible for all financial products that we offer on top of payments processing to our customers. Examples of these are our Banking, Issuing, Fx, and Capital products. Whether we work with large partner platforms, medium sized local merchants, or major international enterprise businesses, our products need to meet our clients expectations and seamlessly fit into their systems.</div>
<div>&nbsp;</div>
<div><strong>What you’ll do:</strong></div>
<ul data-list-tree="true" data-indent="0" data-border="0">
<li>Work on complex technical projects from requirements analysis through design, implementation, testing and launch into production.</li>
<li>Be hands-on and contribute to the implementation.</li>
<li>Identify and improve parts of the platform to make it more robust and scalable.</li>
<li>Bring your own point of view on best engineering practices.</li>
<li>Your code will be used at scale and you are expected to think in that mindset when building features.</li>
<li>We launch fast and iterate often. Concretely, this means that within your first few weeks, you will bring live functionalities that impact many merchants and shoppers.</li>
<li>Build APIs and tooling according to quality principles such as performance and code quality.</li>
<li>Collaborate across teams and time zones to get projects over the finish line.</li>
</ul>
<div><strong>Who you are:</strong></div>
<ul data-list-tree="true" data-indent="0" data-border="0">
<li>Familiar with complex large scale distributed systems.</li>
<li>You have experience with Java, Web Services, REST Apis, Webhooks and SQL/PostgreSql.</li>
<li>You have a good understanding of Software Engineering practices and interest in product knowledge.</li>
<li>You enjoy working in a cross-functional team with roles like Data Science, Frontend, and Product.</li>
<li>You value involving other people to hear different perspectives.</li>
<li>You have an experimental mindset with a launch fast and iterate mentality.</li>
</ul>
<div><strong>Minimum qualifications:</strong></div>
<ul data-list-tree="true" data-indent="0" data-border="0">
<li>8+ years of experience in software development industry in a fast paced tech environment</li>
<li>Full professional proficiency in English</li>
<li>This role is based out of our Amsterdam office. We are an office-first company and value in-person collaboration (3 days in the office); we do not offer remote-only roles.</li>
</ul>
<div><strong>Our Diversity, Equity and Inclusion commitments </strong><br>Our unique approach is a product of our diverse perspectives. This diversity of backgrounds and cultures is essential in helping us maintain our momentum. Our business and technical challenges are unique, and we need as many different voices as possible to join us in solving them - voices like yours. No matter who you are or where you’re from, we welcome you to be your true self at Adyen.<br>Studies show that women and members of underrepresented communities apply for jobs only if they meet 100% of the qualifications. Does this sound like you? If so, Adyen encourages you to reconsider and apply. We look forward to your application.</div>
<div>&nbsp;</div>
<div><strong>What’s next?</strong><br>Ensuring a smooth and enjoyable candidate experience is critical for us. We aim to get back to you regarding your application within 5 business days. Our interview process tends to take about 4 weeks to complete, but may fluctuate depending on the role.<a href="https://careers.adyen.com/faqs/" target="\_blank" data-sk="tooltip\_parent"> Learn more about our hiring process here</a>. Don’t be afraid to let us know if you need more flexibility.</div>