<h2><strong>About the opportunity</strong></h2>
<p>Our Runtime Platform segment's mission is to make it simple for the builders at N26 to use our cloud infrastructure to build on top of, protect our customers, and adhere to the highest regulatory standards, which can power N26 to reach the next 10 million customers.</p>
<p>The Runtime Platform segment at N26 consists of 3 engineering groups that define the tooling and interactions for the foundational cloud, connectivity and infrastructure for the bank. This segment owns products like the cloud accounts, control plane, data plane, networks, Infra-as-code, compute, traffic, streaming and governance layers and serves one of the most important and core functions for the scalability of the bank.</p>
<p>We are looking for a data-driven, technically savvy, Senior Product Manager to help build the Runtime Platform of the future bank and help deliver key growth and operational metrics.</p>
<h2><strong>In this role, you will:</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Deliver a world class Runtime Platform, fully compliant and user-centric.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Help build the strategy for the evolution of N26’s Runtime Platform product, its interactions with the rest of the organisation, its global rollout and the decision to build vs buy.</li>
<li>Deeply understand the needs of the segment customers - teams developing the products and services built on top of the Runtime Platform, understand how it enables their success, and identify clear product improvements.</li>
<li>Help us understand where there are inefficiencies in the way that we do things and create solutions to enable our product, engineering, and design teams to make the biggest impact.</li>
<li>Be the glue of the team. Clearly communicate the product vision and ensure alignment between product, engineering, design and cross-functional groups (e.g. Bank, Legal, Compliance, Product teams, commercial departments).</li>
<li>Be a decision maker. Possess complex decision making skills rooted in analytics, user feedback, and business goals. Set clear goals, priorities, and manage stakeholder expectations.</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>What you need to be successful:</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>You have experience building internal tools and working with developers as your users.</li>
<li>Proven track record of building scalable and efficient products in a mature environment.</li>
<li>Strong technical understanding and exposure to the latest emerging trends in the Cloud Computing domain.</li>
<li>Deep understanding of the product life cycle and how the right infrastructure products and tooling enable other teams.</li>
<li>Strong analytical thinking and the ability to use data and customer insights to inform decisions and inspire new thinking.</li>
<li>Extensive experience working with agile methodologies, leading cross-functional teams of engineers.</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>What’s in it for you:</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>
<p>Accelerate your career growth by joining one of Europe’s most talked about disruptors, and a LinkedIn Germany Top Startup Employer three years running 🚀</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Personal development budget, discounted public transit pass, German language classes, fitness memberships, childcare services, N26 premium bank card, employee loans, and your choice of a Mac or Windows laptop</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>26 vacation days per year, with an additional day for each year of service - up to 30 days</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>A high degree of collaboration and autonomy while working with a group of diverse peers, and access to cutting edge technologies</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>A relocation package with visa support for those who need it</p>
</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Who we are</strong></h2>
<p>N26 has reimagined banking for today’s digital world. Technology and design empower<a href="https://n26.com/en-eu/blog"> everything we do</a> and it’s how we are building the global banking platform the world loves to use.</p>
<p>We've eliminated physical branches, paperwork, and hidden fees for an elegant digital experience and supreme savings. Giving people the power to live and bank their way is what gets us out of bed in the morning and inspires the work that we do.&nbsp;</p>
<p>We are headquartered in Berlin with offices in multiple cities across Europe, including Vienna and Barcelona, and a 1,500-strong team of more than 80 nationalities.</p>
<p><strong>Sounds good? Apply now for this position.</strong></p>
<h2><strong>Equal Opportunities:</strong></h2>
<p>We recognize that our strength lies in our people and the varied perspectives they bring to our workforce. We strive to build talented and diverse teams to drive our business success and empower our people to reach their full potential.</p>
<p>We genuinely welcome and encourage applications from people of all backgrounds, cultures, genders, sexual orientations, abilities, neurodiversities, and ages. We're committed to creating an inclusive workspace where everyone feels valued and respected, free from harassment and discrimination. If there's anything you need to make the application process work for you, please let us know by reaching out to <a href="mailto:candidate.exp@n26.com">candidate.exp@n26.com</a>.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Visit our <a href="https://n26.com/en-eu/diversity-and-inclusion">website</a> to learn more about Diversity, Equity, &amp; Inclusion at N26.</p>