<div class="content-intro"><p>Yotpo is leading the next era of trust and loyalty in eCommerce. With AI-powered Reviews and Loyalty solutions, we help brands turn browsers into customers and customers into advocates. Through deep integrations across the eCommerce ecosystem and the trust of over 30,000 global brands, Yotpo delivers seamless omnichannel experiences that increase conversion, strengthen customer relationships, and drive profitable, long-term growth.</p></div><p>As a Yotpo <strong>Customer Success Manager</strong>, your mission is to establish partnerships with our premium clients, based on value and ROI. These partnerships are created by securing long-lasting professional relationships, based on exceptional service and delivering the power of the Yotpo suite of services. Be at the forefront of customer satisfaction, guiding clients through their journey and unlocking the full potential of our powerful platform!</p>
<p><strong>What you'll do:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Successfully and consistently deliver ROI and value for our customers, consulting their business while leveraging Yotpo solutions.</li>
<li>Building strong relationships with clients based on your ability to earn their trust and deliver</li>
<li>Proactively identify business goals, optimization points, and opportunities where Yotpo can deliver even greater value for our customers.</li>
<li>Analyzing key account statistics and performance metrics to identify pain points while educating customers to drive performance.</li>
<li>Simultaneously and successfully managing multiple client relationships.</li>
<li>Responsible for maximizing customer retention by proactively identifying risks, analyzing client data to spot red flags, and escalating issues to cross-functional teams to ensure customer satisfaction and prevent churn.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>About you:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>3+ years of experience in the CSM field</li>
<li>English AND French - full professional proficiency</li>
<li>Experience in a client-facing role - preferably in a SaaS or e-commerce environment</li>
<li>Positive attitude and remarkable ability to build rapport from initial conversation and throughout the client lifecycle</li>
<li>Technical attitude, including general knowledge pertaining to web, analytics and tracking, CMS platforms, and APIs&nbsp;</li>
<li>A general understanding of the digital marketing space, including SEO/SEM, Social Media, Email marketing, and eCommerce best practices - a HUGE advantage!</li>
<li>Ability to identify risks, raise red flags, and escalate issues. Experience with identifying and executing cross-sell and upsell opportunities, working closely with Sales and other teams to increase account growth and maximize customer lifetime value.</li>
<li>Hunger to work in a hyper-fast-paced and ever-changing environment&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>What we offer</strong>:</p>
<ul>
<li>Track to success – work in a dynamic organization with ambient and laid-back office atmosphere</li>
<li>Individualized career development, rewards and recognition.</li>
<li>Work-life balance – 25 days paid vacation with add-ons for loyalty, regular team buildings and celebrations in and outside the country</li>
<li>Additional health insurance package</li>
<li>Internal mobility program and refer-a-friend program</li>
<li>Managing a fixed monthly budget for social benefits thru Re:Benefit – a flexible online benefits solution</li>
<li>Food vouchers – monthly</li>
<li>E-learning portals and knowledge sharing sessions.</li>
<li>Company backed Hackathons, Tech conferences, workshops events, etc</li>
<li>Stocked kitchen and bar.</li>
<li>Equity in options.</li>
<li>Hybrid working – 3 days/week in the office.</li>
</ul>
<p><br><br></p><div class="content-conclusion"><p>#LI-Hybrid</p></div>