<div class="content-intro"><p><a href="https://www.xendit.co/en/">Xendit</a> provides payment infrastructure across Southeast Asia and is expanding to Greater China and LATAM. We process payments, power marketplaces, disburse payroll and loans, provide KYC solutions, prevent fraud, and help businesses grow exponentially. We serve our customers by providing a suite of world-class APIs, eCommerce platform integrations, and easy to use applications for individual entrepreneurs, SMEs, and enterprises alike.</p>
<p>Our main focus is building the most advanced payment rails for Southeast Asia, with a clear goal in mind — to make payments across and within SEA simple, secure and easy for everyone. We serve thousands of businesses ranging from SMEs to multinational enterprises, and process millions of transactions monthly. We’ve been growing rapidly since our inception in 2015, onboarding hundreds of new customers every month, and <a href="https://techcrunch.com/2021/03/02/indonesia-payments-infra-startup-xendit-raises-64-6m/">backed by global top-10 VCs</a>. We’re proud to be featured on among the fastest growing companies by <a href="https://www.ycombinator.com/topcompanies">Y-Combinator</a>.</p></div><h3>About the Job</h3>
<p>We are looking for a Risk Operations Analyst to perform various merchant risk management activities at Xendit, including investigation of merchant-related risk alerts, reviewing and deciding on merchant requests for activating features and channels, updating transaction privileges, responding to risk-related queries from merchants and internal and external stakeholders, and managing other operational matters such as chargeback responses.</p>
<p>The role requires a strong ability to independently assess the context of the situation and alerts and apply sound judgment to decide the right course of action. This person needs to be proactive and have the acumen to apply risk management principles in varied situations. An ability to follow the standard operating procedures, owning the tasks and cases end to end, and the drive to bring cases to conclusion will be important requirements for this role.</p>
<p>The role will involve communication with teams across Xendit and with external partners and merchants. There will also be multiple priorities to manage. Clear and precise communication skills will be required as well as the ability to independently craft recommendations to senior stakeholders using risk protocols and SOPs instead of seeking constant direction.</p>
<h3>Minimum Qualifications</h3>
<ul>
<li>2+ years of experience in Fraud Risk or Credit Risk specifically in Card Payments (acquiring/issuing) with strong exposure to Chargebacks and Disputes.</li>
<li>Proven ability to identify high-risk merchants using transaction behavior, dispute trends, fraud signals, and compliance indicators.</li>
<li>Hands-on experience performing merchant risk reviews and recommending appropriate risk mitigation actions.</li>
<li>Deep understanding of the chargeback process and essential card scheme regulations, particularly those for Visa/Mastercard/JCB.</li>
<li>Ability to conduct basic data analysis and structure the investigations in an organized way.</li>
<li>Ability to work independently take ownership, and drive cases from detection to closure with minimal supervision</li>
<li>Excellent communication skills with the ability to write clear investigation summaries and communicate decisions to internal stakeholders.</li>
<li>Ability to understand and follow the standard operating procedures and risk protocols</li>
</ul>
<h3>Preferred Qualifications</h3>
<ul>
<li>Bachelor’s degree</li>
<li>Experience with risk operations and conducting fraud investigations and assessments</li>
<li>Familiarity with Cards Products and handling chargeback operations including reconciliation</li>
<li>Strong desire to learn and agility to apply basic concepts to multiple situations</li>
</ul>
<h3>Responsibilities</h3>
<ul>
<li>Follow SOPs and conduct fraud and credit risk investigations triggered through alerts, dispute spikes, abnormal transaction behavior, and merchant risk signals.</li>
<li>Monitor merchant performance and trends to identify high-risk merchants early and take appropriate mitigating actions to reduce fraud and chargeback exposure.</li>
<li>Independently coordinate with internal and external stakeholders to drive investigations to closure, ensuring clear documentation, evidence collection, and decision traceability.</li>
<li>Assess requests from merchants and internal stakeholders for enabling payment channels, features, and limits by performing risk assessment and recommending controls (limits,reserves, holds, enhanced monitoring, etc.)</li>
<li>Follow the SOPs and manage daily chargeback operations including coordinating with multiple bank partners, internal stakeholders, and merchants.</li>
<li>Manage weekly chargeback reporting.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Collaborate with cross-functional teams (Operations, Compliance, Support, Merchant Success) to improve risk controls, SOPs, and preventive measures.</li>
<li><strong>Do whatever it takes to make Xendit successful</strong></li>
</ul>