<p><strong>About Stripe</strong></p>
<p>Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies—from the world’s largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyone’s reach while doing the most important work of your career.</p>
<p><strong>About the team</strong></p>
<p>The Finance Operations (FinOps) team provides and enhances core business services that are the backbone for Stripe. FinOps uses data and operational excellence to deliver technology solutions, procurement, billing and payroll services, strategic sourcing, and supplier relationship management to Stripe.</p>
<p><strong>What you’ll do</strong></p>
<p>We're looking for a Monetization Operations Analyst to join our growing team. This individual will help us improve user experience through accurate and timely onboarding of contracts, workflows and deliver improvements in our integrated financial systems with business partners, financial colleagues, and engineers.</p>
<p><strong>Responsibilities</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Be responsible for onboarding sold custom contracts into our billing systems</li>
<li>Ability to understand the legal languages of the contract and comfortable working on it and have strong attention to detail</li>
<li>Build scalable and auditable onboarding processes for new and existing users</li>
<li>Partner with internal systems, deal desk, legal, sales ops, internal audit, go-to-market, engineer and account managers to develop and improve the process.</li>
<li>Partner with account managers to solve user inquiries related to onboarding implementation, billing, and collections and if needed troubleshoot as well.</li>
<li>Analyze our processes and instigate changes to help scale our operations and improve user experience</li>
<li>Work closely with other Stripe teams to assist with system implementations for billings, collections, and assist with internal and external ad-hoc audit support.</li>
<li>Help scale and optimize our processes by assisting with the execution of key projects and programs.</li>
<li>Gain unique insights into various businesses on Stripe scale and operate</li>
<li>Can quickly learn the Stripe ways of working and make a real impact through process enhancements.</li>
<li>Be a part of building a brand-new team and operational culture for Stripe</li>
<li>Assist with monthly and quarterly flux analysis of key metrics</li>
<li>Assist with ad hoc projects</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Who you are</strong></p>
<p>We’re looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.</p>
<p><strong>Minimum requirements</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>4-5 years of relevant financial operations/billing experience or 3+ years of customer service experience with a degree in Business Administration, Finance, or relevant field.</li>
<li>Excellent communication and organizational skills, both written and verbal.</li>
<li>Excellent problem-solving skills and demonstrated ability to work independently, analyze problems and data sets to make complex investigation decisions</li>
<li>Strong knowledge of gSuite tools, Salesforce and MS-Office products and experience working with/analyzing contracts and large data sets.</li>
<li>Independently analyze and evaluate information from various data sources to determine a course of action for a matched case</li>
<li>Demonstrated experience partnering with cross-functional stakeholders</li>
<li>Demonstrated history of taking on various types of challenging projects and producing results</li>
<li>Solution-oriented mindset with enthusiasm for establishing best practices</li>
<li>Self-disciplined, diligent, proactive and detail oriented</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>You will also likely have (not required):</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Knowledge in payments and the fintech industry</li>
<li>The ability to be flexible and comfortable with changing requirements</li>
<li>A builder's mindset and a willingness to question assumptions and conventional wisdom</li>
<li>A passion for creating new systems and solving problems via infrastructure and automation</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>