<div class="content-intro"><h2><strong>Ready to redefine what's possible in molecular diagnostics?</strong></h2>
<p>Join a team of brilliant, passionate innovators determined to transform healthcare. At BillionToOne, we've built a category-defining, publicly traded company on Nasdaq where transparency fuels trust, collaboration drives breakthroughs, and every contribution moves the needle on our mission to make life-changing diagnostics accessible to all. We don't just aim for incremental improvements; we build products that are 10x better than anything that exists today.</p>
<p>Our scientists, engineers, sales executives, and visionaries are united by an unwavering commitment to changing the standard of care in prenatal and cancer diagnostics. This is where cutting-edge science meets human compassion, and every innovation you contribute helps remove the fear of the unknown from some of life's most critical medical moments.</p>
<p>If you're driven by purpose, energized by innovation, and ready to help shape the future of precision medicine at scale, this is where you belong.</p></div><p>We are looking for a <strong>Regional</strong>&nbsp;<strong>Manager - Prenatal, North Atlantic (PA, NJ, DE) </strong>with 4+ years of direct sales management experience out of Women’s Health, Prenatal Diagnostics, or Reproductive Health <span style="font-weight: 400;">within<strong> North Atlantic.</strong></span> You will build, develop, and lead a high impact team of sales reps who will bring the first and only single-gene NIPT supported carrier and aneuploidy screen to OBGYN clinics, MFMs, and private OBGYN practices throughout the North Atlantic<strong>&nbsp;</strong>area. You will deliver clinical information to both external clients and internal teams. You will have significant influence over how the test is communicated to physicians and patients, and contribute to how the test evolves to better serve market needs. The Regional Manager - Prenatal is a remote position and reports to the Area Director.</p>
<p><strong>Responsibilities:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Develop a comprehensive, data-driven sales strategy and business plan to build and grow market development throughout the North Atlantic<strong>&nbsp;</strong>region&nbsp;</li>
<li>Build and lead a team of talented, high performing sales reps in the execution of sales strategies and optimization of opportunities to increase profitability and market share</li>
<li>Recruit, Hire, Train, Manage, and Develop representatives</li>
<li>Develop and enhance customized pitches to individual OBGYNs, MFMs, and prenatal Genetic Counselors.</li>
<li>Use data to analyze sales results, identify industry trends, and stay abreast of competition to increase sales volume and drive success within territory</li>
</ul>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section"><strong data-stringify-type="bold">Qualifications</strong>:</div>
<ul class="p-rich\_text\_list p-rich\_text\_list\_\_bullet" data-stringify-type="unordered-list" data-indent="0" data-border="0">
<li>Minimum 4+ years of field sales management experience leading a team of sales reps at a molecular diagnostics/genetics company required, specifically out of Women’s Health, Prenatal, and/or Reproductive Health selling directly to OBGYNs, MFMs, GCs throughout the region, with an existing portfolio of convertible client relationships</li>
<li>Strong experience hiring, developing, coaching, and motivating a team of sales reps to exceed ambitious sales goals</li>
<li>Demonstrated successful sales track record (eg. multiple award winning - President’s Club, Chairman’s Club, Circle of Excellence or equivalent), solid negotiation and closing skills, strong data analysis skills, understanding of buyer/decision maker types, exhibit effective selling, listening, presentation skills, strong focus on pull through, and good follow through skills</li>
<li>Excellent organizational and communication skills (written and verbal) with demonstrated ability to effectively present to both internal and external customers.</li>
<li>Effective time management skills required with a demonstrated ability to assess and prioritize opportunities required</li>
<li>Exceptionally bright, flexible, self-motivated and results oriented with strong interpersonal and analytical skills and the ability to think strategically as well as execute tactically</li>
<li>Must act with a sense of urgency, with a focus on closing business</li>
<li>Ability to assess the needs of OBGYNs &amp; MFMs and their office staff with a focus on consultative sales, coordination of logistics, and problem solving</li>
<li>Strong desire to work in a startup environment and build out a new territory and team</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Nice-to-Haves:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Experience in a start-up environment</li>
<li>Clinical laboratory experience</li>
</ul>
<p class="p1"><strong>Benefits And Perks:</strong></p>
<ul class="ul1">
<li class="li1">Working alongside brilliant, kind, passionate and dedicated colleagues, in an empowering environment, toward a global vision, striving for a future in which transformative molecular diagnostics can help millions of patients</li>
<li class="li1">Open, transparent culture that includes weekly Town Hall meetings</li>
<li class="li1">The ability to indirectly or directly change the lives of hundreds of thousand patients</li>
<li class="li1">Multiple medical benefit options; employee premiums paid 100% of select plans, dependents covered up to 80%</li>
<li class="li1">Extremely generous Family Bonding Leave for new parents (16 weeks, paid at 100%)</li>
<li>Supplemental fertility benefits coverage</li>
<li class="li1">Retirement savings program including a 4% Company match</li>
<li>Increase paid time off with increased tenure</li>
<li>Latest and greatest hardware (laptop, lab equipment, facilities)</li>
</ul>
<p><span data-sheets-value="{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:&quot;At BillionToOne, we are proud to offer a combination of a (1) base pay range (actual amount offered is based experience and salary/equity options split that the candidate chooses) (2) generous equity options offering, on top of (3) industry leading company benefits (free healthcare options, 401k match, very generous fully paid paternal leave etc.).&quot;}" data-sheets-userformat="{&quot;2&quot;:769,&quot;3&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:0},&quot;11&quot;:4,&quot;12&quot;:0}">At BillionToOne, we are proud to offer a combination of (1) base pay (2) generous equity options offering, on top of (3) industry leading company benefits (free healthcare options, 401k match, very generous fully paid parental leave etc.).</span></p>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">For this position, we offer a total compensation of $313,209 per year (at plan), including a base salary range of $205,509 per year. Commission potential is uncapped and can be significant.</span></p>
<p><em>BillionToOne is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.</em></p>
<p>#LI-Remote</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p>For more information about how we protect your information, we encourage you to review our <a href="https://billiontoone.com/privacy-policy/">Privacy Policy</a>.</p>
<p>BillionToOne is a next-generation molecular diagnostics company on a mission to make powerful, accurate diagnostic tests accessible to everyone. Our revolutionary QCT molecular counting technology enhances disease detection resolution by over a thousandfold using cell-free DNA,a breakthrough that has already transformed the lives of over half a million patients worldwide.</p>
<h3><strong>Our Impact</strong></h3>
<p><a href="https://www.unityscreen.com/"><strong>Unity Complete™</strong></a> is the only non-invasive prenatal screen capable of assessing fetal risk for both common recessive conditions and aneuploidies from a single maternal blood sample. Our <a href="https://www.northstaronc.com/"><strong>Northstar®</strong></a> liquid biopsy test uniquely combines treatment selection with real-time monitoring, giving oncologists unprecedented precision in cancer care.</p>
<h3><strong>Our Growth</strong></h3>
<p>From $0 to $150M+ in Annual Recurring Revenue in just five years. In 2025, we completed one of the most successful IPOs for a medical diagnostics company, building on nearly $400M in private funding,including our $130M Series D in 2024 and backed by world-class investors including Hummingbird, Adams Street Partners, Neuberger Berman, Baillie Gifford, and Premji Invest.</p>
<h3><strong>Our Recognition</strong></h3>
<p>Forbes named us one of <strong>America's Best Startup Employers for 2025</strong> and we're <strong>Great Place to Work certified</strong>, with 100% of our people willing to go the extra mile, even as we've scaled to over 700 employees.</p>
<h3><strong>Our Future</strong></h3>
<p>Headquartered in Menlo Park with facilities in Union City, CA, and a new lab opening in Austin, TX in 2027, we're continuing to push the boundaries of what's possible in molecular diagnostics. We're just getting started.</p>
<hr>
<p>Ready to help us change the world, one molecule at a time? Learn more at<a href="https://www.billiontoone.com"> billiontoone.com</a></p></div>