<p data-pm-slice="1 1 []">At Orbisk, we’re on a mission to create a world where zero food waste isn’t just a dream—it’s a reality. We combine cutting-edge tech with a sustainability-first mindset to help the hospitality industry make smarter, greener choices. As a proud B-Corp, we’re leading the way in the fight against food waste, and our results speak volumes: over 3.664.373 kg of food waste eliminated in 42+ countries (and counting!). 🌍</p>
<p>We don’t just offer technology; we’re a trusted partner to our customers, working alongside them to create lasting change. Through innovation and listening closely to their needs, we’ve built a solution that drives both environmental and business success.</p>
<p>With our team growing rapidly, we’re looking for a Customer Success Manager to help us build the future—one that’s greener, smarter, and waste-free. Let’s create impact together! 🌱</p>
<p><strong>What's on the menu?</strong></p>
<p>As our new Customer Success Manager, you are the driving force behind helping our clients significantly reduce their food waste. You’ll guide locations across our French markets—hotels, restaurants, and other foodservice sites—through their journey to becoming champions in waste reduction.</p>
<p>Your week centres on working closely with individual locations as their trusted “Impact Coach,” analysing waste patterns, identifying improvement opportunities, and supporting teams in implementing meaningful changes. You’ll build strong relationships with Head Chefs, F&amp;B Managers, and General Managers, providing the insights and coaching they rely on.</p>
<p>You’ll be responsible for managing your portfolio with a focus on client success, retention, and proactively identifying upsell and cross-sell opportunities. Collaboration with our Product, Operations, and Data teams will be key to ensuring a smooth client experience and turning insights into real operational impact.</p>
<p>You become Orbisk’s expert in the field, transforming food waste data into actionable results—and proving that no kitchen can do without your expertise.</p>
<p data-pm-slice="1 3 []"><strong>The key ingredients for success</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>
<p>You have prior experience in a B2B client-facing role (approx. 5+ years of relevant experience), ideally in a start-up or scale-up environment.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>You have experience in managing challenging clients and effectively re-engaging them.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Fluency in French and English required! It is an added plus bonus if you speak any other languages!</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Experience in the hospitality, sustainability or food sector is an added plus.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Why join Orbisk?</strong></p>
<p>There are plenty of good reasons. Some are big—like making a real impact by reducing food waste and cutting CO2 and water footprints worldwide. Others are more personal—joining a fast-growing scale-up is exciting, full of opportunities, and yes, a great story to share. Plus, you’ll be part of a team that’s driven, innovative, and just a little adventurous. And of course, we’ve got some great perks to offer too:</p>
<ul>
<li>
<p>€3700 - €4200 per month ex. holiday allowance (depending on knowledge and experience).</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>32-40 hour work week in a hybrid office setting, lunch included.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>To take a break to recharge, we encourage you to take 30 days of annual leave per year (based on full time).</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>To ensure you are taken care of later on, we have a pension contribution of 7%.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Everyone has different needs when it comes to benefits. That’s why we offer you a flexible spending budget of € 40 per month that you can use towards health and wellness.&nbsp;</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>To support your learning and growth, we offer an annual personal education budget of €500. But we also organize additional team learning activities and if needed provide access to career coaches.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>An annual home office budget of €250 is offered, so you can create a nice work from home space.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>We make sure we regularly organize company activities to connect and have fun with your colleagues.</p>
</li>
</ul>