<div class="content-intro"><div><span style="font-size: 18pt;"><strong>About Neo4j:</strong></span></div>
<div>
<p>Neo4j is the graph intelligence platform that transforms data into knowledge to power the next generation of intelligent applications and AI systems. It includes enterprise-ready knowledge graphs for accurate, explainable, and governed AI; the most comprehensive, trusted, and easy-to-deploy graph capabilities across any environment and data source; and an unmatched ecosystem trusted by 84 of the Fortune 100 and supported by the world’s largest graph community.&nbsp;Intelligence that works. Results that matter.</p>
<p>Built to work everywhere and integrate with everything across every cloud for dynamic, personalized, and autonomous AI systems. We deliver quicker results, contextual knowledge, and solutions that impact customers and employees across the business.</p>
</div>
<div><span style="font-size: 18pt;"><strong>Our Vision:&nbsp;</strong></span></div>
<div>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">At Neo4j, we have always strived to help the world make sense of data.&nbsp;&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">As business, society and knowledge become increasingly connected, our technology promotes innovation by helping organizations to find and understand data relationships. We created, drive and lead the graph database category, and we’re disrupting how organizations leverage their data to innovate and stay competitive.</span></p>
</div></div><p><strong>The Role</strong></p>
<p>A Cloud Operations Engineer is comfortable troubleshooting server &amp; database technical issues and can reliably manage and monitor the customer’s Neo4j database environment, taking a holistic view of the health of the environment, to maximize the application and infrastructure uptime.</p>
<p>This role is instrumental in ensuring our customers are successfully deploying and managing Neo4j in their production environments. It is well suited to an individual with strong technical skills who enjoys solving problems as much as collaborating directly with customers.</p>
<p><strong>Responsibilities</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Participate in the On-Call rotation, as a member of the Cloud Managed Services team, and respond to incidents that impact Neo4j cloud infrastructure availability to provide the necessary support for customer cases.</li>
<li>Work as a member of the Cloud Managed Services Team during business hours, with occasional off-hours scheduled work, to support and manage the Neo4j database infrastructure of the customers and handle and resolve escalations related to cloud hosted environments from customers and/or internal teams.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Improve, document, and automate operational processes (such as deployments and upgrades) to make them as efficient as possible.</li>
<li>Gather and analyze metrics from operating systems as well as Neo4j databases to assist in performance tuning and incident diagnostics.</li>
<li>Document the incidents, procedures, and outcomes of customer communications. Assist in building the Cloud Managed Services knowledge base.</li>
<li>Install and upgrade Neo4j infrastructure (servers, storage, databases) for our Cloud Managed Service customers.</li>
<li>Troubleshoot cluster issues across multiple servers, data centers and regions, in a variety of clouds (AWS, Azure, Google Cloud), virtual, and bare metal environments.</li>
<li>Collaborate and communicate effectively within Customers, Customer Success, Product Engineering, and other Neo4j teams to understand and resolve customer issues completely and expediently.</li>
<li>Proactive approach to identifying problems, performance bottlenecks, and areas for improvement is necessary to succeed in this position.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Job Requirements and Qualifications</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>5+ years of cloud infrastructure administrator experience is required.</li>
<li>Bachelor's or equivalent work experience degree in Computer Science or Computing Systems equivalent field. Background in math will be a plus.</li>
<li>Experience working with Linux operating systems such as RedHat / CentOS / Amazon Linux is required.</li>
<li>Significant prior experience with at least one of the Big 3 Cloud providers (AWS/GCP/Azure) is required.</li>
<li>Must have command-level fluency in Linux environments.</li>
<li>Familiarity with Linux / Windows diagnostics and tuning will be a plus.</li>
<li>Experience with Ansible, Terraform, and Kubernetes is desirable.</li>
<li>Experience working with Nagios and&nbsp;<a href="https://gitlab.com/gitlab-cookbooks/gitlab-prometheus">Prometheus</a> is desirable.</li>
<li>Neo4j Certified Professional certification is desirable.</li>
<li>Must be proficient in the use of Microsoft Office Applications (Outlook / Word / Excel).</li>
<li>Must be detail oriented, collaborate well with other team members, have excellent verbal and communication skills, and thrive in a fast paced, high-energy, multi-tasking environment.</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><div><span style="font-size: 18pt;"><strong>Why Join Neo4j?</strong></span></div>
<div>
<p>Neo4j is, without question, the most popular graph intelligence platform in the world. We have customers in every industry globally, and our products are a proven product/market fit. Joining our team is an opportunity to shape the future of data and analytics. Below are just a few exciting facts about Neo4j.&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>Neo4j is one of the fastest-scaling technology companies in this industry. It <a href="https://neo4j.com/press-releases/neo4j-revenue-milestone-2024/">recently surpassed $200M</a> in annual recurring revenue (ARR), doubling its ARR <a href="https://neo4j.com/press-releases/2021-company-momentum/">over the past three years.</a>&nbsp;</li>
<li>Raised the biggest funding round in database history ($325M Series F). Backed by world-class investors like Eurazeo, GV (formerly Google Ventures), and Inovia Capital, Neo4j has raised over $600M in funding and is currently valued at over $2Bn. This puts Neo4j among the most well-funded database companies in history.</li>
<li>84% of the Fortune 100 and 58% of the Fortune 500 use Neo4j. Examples include <a href="https://neo4j.com/case-studies/boston-scientific/">Boston Scientific</a>, <a href="https://neo4j.com/case-studies/bt/">BT Group</a>, <a href="https://neo4j.com/case-studies/caterpillar/">Caterpillar</a>, <a href="https://neo4j.com/case-studies/cisco/">Cisco</a>, <a href="https://neo4j.com/case-studies/comcast/">Comcast</a>, <a href="https://neo4j.com/case-studies/department-for-education-uk/">Department for Education UK</a>, <a href="https://neo4j.com/case-studies/ebay/">eBay</a>, <a href="https://neo4j.com/case-studies/nbc-news/">NBC News</a>, <a href="https://neo4j.com/case-studies/novo-nordisk/">Novo Nordisk</a>, <a href="https://neo4j.com/case-studies/worldline/">Worldline</a>, and <a href="https://neo4j.com/case-studies/">others</a>.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Co-founder and CEO Emil Eifrem has built an amazing culture that prides itself on relationships, inclusiveness, innovation, and customer success.</li>
<li>Countless <a href="https://neo4j.com/awards/">industry awards</a>. Massive enterprises and individual developers/data scientists love Neo4j. A strong sense of community and ecosystem is built around the platform.</li>
<li>A recent Forrester Total Economic Impact™ Study cited Neo4j as delivering 417% ROI to customers.&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p><a href="https://www.bizjournals.com/bizwomen/news/profiles-strategies/2022/07/getting-the-job-how-gender-equity.html?page=all">Research</a> shows that members of underrepresented communities are less likely to apply for jobs when they don’t meet all the qualifications. <strong>If this is part of the reason you hesitate to apply, we’d encourage you to reconsider and give us the opportunity to review your application. </strong>At Neo4j, we are committed to building awareness and helping to improve these issues.&nbsp;</p>
<p>One of our central objectives is to provide an inclusive, diverse, and equitable workplace for everyone to develop their potential and have a positive, career-defining experience. We look forward to receiving your application.</p>
</div>
<div><span style="font-size: 18pt;"><strong>Neo4j Values:</strong></span></div>
<div>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Neo4j is a Silicon Valley company with a Swedish soul. We foster collaboration and each of us is empowered to contribute and put our innovative stamp on projects. We hire candidates who reflect the following Neo4j core values:</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">(we)-[:VALUE]-&gt;(relationships)<br></span><span style="font-weight: 400;">(we)-[:FOCUS\_ON]-&gt;(userSuccess)<br></span><span style="font-weight: 400;">(we)-[:THRIVE\_IN]-&gt;(:Culture {type: [‘Open’, ‘Inclusive’]})<br></span><span style="font-weight: 400;">(we)-[:ASSUME]-&gt;(:Intent {direction:’Positive’})<br></span><span style="font-weight: 400;">(we)-[:WELCOME]-&gt;(:Discussions {nature: ‘IntellectuallyHonest’})<br></span><span style="font-weight: 400;">(we)-[:DELIVER\_ON]-&gt;(ourCommitments)&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Neo4j is committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. Please read the</span><a href="https://neo4j.com/privacy-policy/recruitment-process/?ref=hr-"><span style="font-weight: 400;"> </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">privacy notice regarding Neo4j's recruitment process</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to understand how we will handle the personal data that you provide.</span><span style="font-weight: 400;">&nbsp;</span></p>
<span style="font-weight: 400;">More information at</span><a href="http://www.neo4j.com/"><span style="font-weight: 400;"> </span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"><a href="https://www.neo4j.com">www.neo4j.com</a></span><span style="font-weight: 400;">.</span></div>
<div>&nbsp;</div>
<div><span style="font-weight: 400;">©2026 Neo4j, Inc., Neo Technology®, Neo4j®, Cypher®, Neo4j Bloom™, Neo4j Graph Data Science Library™, Neo4j® Aura™, and Neo4j® AuraDB™ are registered trademarks or a trademark of Neo4j, Inc. All other marks are owned by their respective companies.</span></div></div>