**Who is Sonar?**

Sonar helps prevent code quality and code security issues from reaching production, amplifies developers' productivity in concert with AI assistants, and improves the developer experience with streamlined workflows. Sonar analyzes all code, regardless of who writes it — your internal team, genAI, or third parties — resulting in more secure, reliable, and maintainable applications. Rooted in the open source community, Sonar’s solutions support over 30 programming languages, frameworks, and infrastructure technologies. Today, Sonar is used by +7M developers and 400K organizations worldwide, including the DoD, Microsoft, NASA, MasterCard, Siemens, and T-Mobile.

We believe in developing great products that are supported by great internal teams and a strong culture.  We are highly **committed** to and **obsessed** with the company, users, each other, and our open source community. We have high standards and hold each other accountable for acting with positivity, dedication, thoughtfulness, empathy, and passion daily.

We are **deliberate** with our decisions with high clarity of intention. At the same time, we feel extreme urgency and move forward quickly.

And lastly, we are highly **effective** and operationally **efficient**. We operate collectively as One Team to accomplish our goals.

At Sonar, CODE is more than just an acronym – it's a mindset that defines daily operations.

**Why You Should Apply:**

At Sonar, we’re a group of brilliant, motivated, and driven professionals working hard to help supercharge developers to build better, faster. Sonar helps to continuously improve code quality and code security while reducing developer toil. This means that developers can focus on doing more of what they love and less of what they don’t. Our solutions don’t just solve symptoms of problems – we help fix issues at the source – for all code, whether it's developer-written, AI-generated, or from third parties.

We have a dynamic culture with employees worldwide and hub offices in the USA, Switzerland, the UK, Singapore, and Germany. Team members should be able to come to work every day, work on a product they are proud of, love what they do, and feel energized by their peers. With our roots deep in the open source community, we’re all about the mission: supercharge developers to build better, faster.

**The Impact You Will Have:**

The Sonar Solutions Engineering team is dedicated to helping our prospective customers achieve technical success with our products. This is your chance to join a growing team as we scale up our efforts to have maximum impact on our targeted customer base.

As a Solutions Engineer at Sonar, you’ll play a central role in providing deep technical expertise to our prospects and supporting them in evaluating our solution. The SE team works as part of the Sales process and also engages with Marketing, Product Management, and Development teams to provide feedback on our products' evolution and messaging.

## What You Will Do Daily:

- Help prospective customers understand how our Clean as You Code approach fits within their software development life cycle
- Drive technical aspects of pre-sales business opportunities by doing technical presentations and demonstrations and supporting product evaluations
- Advise customers on the best alignment of the Sonar solution with their favored deployment strategy
- Troubleshoot and resolve technical problems encountered by prospective customers evaluating our products
- Go beyond the sale to ensure successful product adoption and growth following purchase, working with our Customer Success and Support teams
- Help existing customers understand the additional capabilities of advanced product editions
- Provide technical enablement to channel partners to raise their level of service

## The Experience You Will Need:

- Proven practical experience in software development or DevOps engineering highly desirable
- Working knowledge of both local and cloud-based software deployment platforms and technologies, including Linux, Windows, Docker, Kubernetes, AWS, Azure
- Enjoy delivering compelling, unique demonstrations that help people understand software solutions
- Ability to dive into complex technical problems, perform troubleshooting, develop solutions, and articulate them in verbal and written form
- Proven ability to work in a team, receiving and giving feedback as well as sharing knowledge
- A can-do attitude: challenging the status quo, leading and contributing to key improvements and innovations
- Excellent presentation skills
- Excellent English and Japanese verbal/written communication skills
- Additional languages are highly desirable

## Why You Will Love It Here:

- Our culture and mission set us apart. We have a dynamic work culture that values respect and kindness and embraces the right to fail (and get right back up again!).
- Great people make a great company. We value people skills as much as technical skills and strive to keep things friendly while still being passionate leaders in our domains.
- We have a flexible work policy that includes 3 days in-office and 2 days work-from-home each week for those located near our office locations; some locations such as Dubai, India, Japan and Australia operate fully remotely.
- We have a growth mindset. We love learning and believe continuous education is critical to our success. In an ever-changing industry, new skills are necessary, and we're happy to help our team acquire them.
- As the leader in our field, our products and services are as strong as our internal team members.
- We embrace transparency with regular meetings, cascading messages and updates on the growth and success of our organization.