<div class="content-intro"><div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
<div>
<p>At Cloudflare, we are on a mission to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers millions of websites and other Internet properties for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.&nbsp;</p>
<p>At Cloudflare, we’re not looking for people who wait for a polished roadmap; we’re looking for the builders who see the cracks in the Internet that everyone else has simply learned to live with. We value candidates who have the instinct to spot a "normalized" problem and the AI-native curiosity to create a solution using the latest tools. Our culture is built on iteration, leveraging AI to ship faster today to make it better tomorrow, while ensuring that every improvement, no matter how small, is shared across the team to lift everyone up. If you’re the type of person who values curiosity over bureaucracy, and that AI is a partner in solving tough problems to keep the Internet moving forward, you’ll fit right in.</p>
</div></div><p><strong>Available Location: Austin, US, Miami, US</strong></p>
<p><strong>What you'll do&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>We’re looking for a results-driven, highly motivated Account Executives to join our Enterprise Account Team and work with some of the largest companies in Brazil. This key role will manage a select portfolio of 20-30 enterprise accounts. You’ll be at the heart of Cloudflare’s Go-To-Market (GTM) strategy, directly contributing to the expansion of our customer base and revenue.</p>
<p>In this role, you will leverage the combined strength of all Cloudflare functions to position us as a strategic partner in our customers’ digital transformation journey. You’ll be responsible for delivering tailored solutions and engagement strategies that exceed expectations and drive growth. As the key point of contact for senior decision-makers, including Clevel executives and technical leaders, you’ll foster lasting business partnerships built on mutual success.</p>
<p><strong>Enterprise Account Team Core Values: </strong></p>
<ul>
<li><strong>Be Successful:</strong> Success comes from hitting your goals on a consistent basis. Have a plan for “how” you’ll hit your goals and evaluate often; that way you always know where you stand. Be in a position and ready to demonstrate your plan for success.</li>
<li><strong>Provide a Premium Customer Experience: </strong>solutions, empathy, proactiveness, anticipation of needs, company support, creativity, and urgency to deliver value. Give your customers a level of service that is unmatched in the industry.</li>
<li><strong>Be Brilliant in the Basics:</strong> commit to brilliance in the basics. Forecasting, SFDC disciplines, pipeline management, account engagement, negotiation, closing, and depth of Cloudflare knowledge are the basic skills that make an Account Executive successful.</li>
<li><strong>Be a Team Player: </strong>We are all individually accountable to our goals, but we operate as a team. Be the person who actively seeks to assist the team, shares knowledge, and extends your personal network. We are successful when we are all overachieving as a group.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Additional responsibilities will include:</strong>&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>Proactively manage and grow a portfolio of assigned Enterprise level clients.</li>
<li>Close new and expansion business monthly, quarterly, and annual basis, meeting or exceeding assigned quota.</li>
<li>Manage customer relationships and assume ownership of deadlines and deliverables to ensure Cloudflare is correctly positioned to win business.</li>
<li>Develop C level and Decision Maker relationships within accounts for the purpose of establishing strategic alignment to customer’s transformative objectives.</li>
<li>Develop pipeline by maintaining a high level of activity/outreach directly and indirectly, deeply understanding the customers goals and objectives, and analyzing where Cloudflare can add value.</li>
<li>Maintain accurate forecasts and report to the sales leader on the status of New and Expansion opportunities for weekly sales meetings.</li>
<li>Leverage MEDDPIC framework in SFDC document weekly progress.</li>
<li>Accountable to reverse closure steps and establish jointly owned timelines with Customers.</li>
<li>Understand the purchasing process fully and be able to document progress against required steps to closure.</li>
<li>Organize and deliver executive level presentations, proposals, commercial terms with Customers.</li>
<li>Leverage the Executive Briefing Center and process to establish key sponsorships and support of accounts with 1 Cloudflare Executives.</li>
<li>Build and maintain relationships with channel partners to establish joint value propositions and Customer value.</li>
<li>Participate in team meetings and deliver GTM guidance on how to better partner with accounts.</li>
<li>This position will require travel &gt;30% of your time to support the business, events and other Cloudflare related activities.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Examples of desirable skills, knowledge and experience </strong></p>
<ul>
<li>6+ years of experience coupled with proficiency in cybersecurity or cloud networking with industry awareness.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Demonstrated track record of meeting and exceeding quota.</li>
<li>Expert Sales Acumen (Discovery, Position, Compete, Negotiate, Close, Expand).</li>
<li>Ability to lead a multidisciplinary team over a long term account horizon.</li>
<li>Able to identify key players in organizations and possess the ability to convert business issues into solutions.</li>
<li>Comfortable selling to obtain new business or expand existing business.</li>
<li>Strong closing skills are essential.</li>
<li>Ability to build meaningful relationships quickly. Be able to demonstrate a positive attitude internally and externally.</li>
<li>Expert at building rapport and owning the room.</li>
<li>Aggressiveness in execution and planning.</li>
<li>Ability to take successes and challenges in stride.</li>
<li>Discipline to work w/o instant gratification.</li>
<li>Someone who is bold in their actions and never satisfied with complacency.</li>
<li>A strong will and fortitude to work a plan in the face of challenge.</li>
<li><strong>Portuguese fluency is required.</strong></li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: Since 2014, we've equipped more than 2,400 journalism and civil society organizations in 111 countries with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: In 2017, we created the Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration. Since the project, we've provided services to more than 425 local government election websites in 33 states.</span></p>
<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Please note that applicants who progress to the offer stage of the interview process may be asked to attend an in-person interview within one of the Cloudflare Offices or Cloudflare Hubs.&nbsp; More details about this will be available at that stage of the interview process.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p></div>