<div class="content-intro"><p><a href="https://www.xendit.co/en/">Xendit</a> provides payment infrastructure across Southeast Asia and is expanding to Greater China and LATAM. We process payments, power marketplaces, disburse payroll and loans, provide KYC solutions, prevent fraud, and help businesses grow exponentially. We serve our customers by providing a suite of world-class APIs, eCommerce platform integrations, and easy to use applications for individual entrepreneurs, SMEs, and enterprises alike.</p>
<p>Our main focus is building the most advanced payment rails for Southeast Asia, with a clear goal in mind — to make payments across and within SEA simple, secure and easy for everyone. We serve thousands of businesses ranging from SMEs to multinational enterprises, and process millions of transactions monthly. We’ve been growing rapidly since our inception in 2015, onboarding hundreds of new customers every month, and <a href="https://techcrunch.com/2021/03/02/indonesia-payments-infra-startup-xendit-raises-64-6m/">backed by global top-10 VCs</a>. We’re proud to be featured on among the fastest growing companies by <a href="https://www.ycombinator.com/topcompanies">Y-Combinator</a>.</p></div><div>
<h3>About the Job</h3>
<p>As a Customer Success Generalist, you will be in a fast-paced team that provides our customers with undivided attention and care. You will be ready to take on any issues or inquiries that our customer’s raise, work to prevent fires and support our customer's hurdle. You will capture important customer insights and feedback from inquiries that you will receive which will help us to continuously improve our product and service delivery. You will collaborate with various departments to solve the inquiries from customers. Through all the intensity of Customer Success, you will be the expert of our customers. You will understand our customers’ pains, and solve it as your day to day activities! Given the continuous nature of transactions in the payments industry, we must remain prepared at all times to assist our customers. As customers are our utmost priority, your role as the Customer Success is crucial.</p>
<h3>Qualifications</h3>
<p><strong>Behaviors</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Responsive</li>
<li>Enjoy&nbsp;the&nbsp;puzzle&nbsp;of&nbsp;solving&nbsp;open-ended&nbsp;problems;&nbsp;you&nbsp;have&nbsp;a&nbsp;great&nbsp;analytical&nbsp;mindset</li>
<li>Willing&nbsp;to&nbsp;be&nbsp;rostered&nbsp;on&nbsp;for&nbsp;weekends&nbsp;and&nbsp;public&nbsp;holiday</li>
<li>Perform&nbsp;can&nbsp;do&nbsp;attitude&nbsp;in&nbsp;handling&nbsp;assigned&nbsp;projects&nbsp;which&nbsp;involve&nbsp;research,&nbsp;analysis,&nbsp;also&nbsp;driving&nbsp;them&nbsp;to&nbsp;completion&nbsp;if&nbsp;required</li>
<li>Communicate&nbsp;well&nbsp;in&nbsp;English&nbsp;across&nbsp;teams&nbsp;within&nbsp;Xendit&nbsp;discipline&nbsp;and&nbsp;self-driven&nbsp;Confidence&nbsp;Eager&nbsp;to&nbsp;learn</li>
<li>You’re&nbsp;goal&nbsp;oriented&nbsp;and&nbsp;able&nbsp;to&nbsp;pursue&nbsp;objectives&nbsp;consistent</li>
<li>You’re&nbsp;able&nbsp;to&nbsp;show&nbsp;empathy&nbsp;and&nbsp;provide&nbsp;calm-responses&nbsp;to&nbsp;our&nbsp;customers&nbsp;to&nbsp;win&nbsp;their&nbsp;confidence</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Experience</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Have&nbsp;minimum&nbsp;1&nbsp;years&nbsp;experience&nbsp;in&nbsp;Customer/Merchant&nbsp;Operations&nbsp;management&nbsp;or&nbsp;similar&nbsp;departments&nbsp;in&nbsp;B2B&nbsp;sectors&nbsp;and/OR&nbsp;Relationship&nbsp;Management&nbsp;Experience&nbsp;in&nbsp;Banks,&nbsp;Financial&nbsp;Institutions.&nbsp;Fresh&nbsp;graduates&nbsp;who&nbsp;are&nbsp;eager&nbsp;to&nbsp;learn&nbsp;are&nbsp;also&nbsp;welcome.</li>
<li>Bachelor’s Graduate from reputable Universities majoring in : Engineering,&nbsp;Management,&nbsp;Finance / Accounting,&nbsp;Communications,&nbsp;Computer&nbsp;science/IT</li>
<li>Plus&nbsp;point&nbsp;if&nbsp;you&nbsp;are&nbsp;experienced&nbsp;in&nbsp;ticket&nbsp;management&nbsp;platform&nbsp;i.e.&nbsp;Zendesk,&nbsp;Freshdesk,&nbsp;Zoho,&nbsp;or&nbsp;similar&nbsp;tools</li>
</ul>
<h3>Responsibilities</h3>
<p><strong>Handle&nbsp;customer&nbsp;inquiry&nbsp;by&nbsp;communicating&nbsp;through&nbsp;various&nbsp;channels&nbsp;to&nbsp;solve&nbsp;their&nbsp;needs</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Communicate&nbsp;with&nbsp;customers&nbsp;through&nbsp;Email,&nbsp;Whatsapp,&nbsp;Slack,&nbsp;Live&nbsp;Chat&nbsp;and&nbsp;ticketing&nbsp;platforms.</li>
<li>Provide&nbsp;necessary&nbsp;information&nbsp;requested&nbsp;by&nbsp;customers&nbsp;including&nbsp;but&nbsp;not&nbsp;limited&nbsp;to&nbsp;transaction,&nbsp;product,&nbsp;and&nbsp;onboarding&nbsp;related&nbsp;questions,&nbsp;and&nbsp;do&nbsp;escalation&nbsp;to&nbsp;related&nbsp;stakeholders&nbsp;if&nbsp;necessary.</li>
<li>Analyze&nbsp;customer&nbsp;transaction&nbsp;status&nbsp;with&nbsp;operational&nbsp;tools&nbsp;(Splunk,&nbsp;Redash,&nbsp;Postman).</li>
<li>Shows&nbsp;empathy<strong>&nbsp;</strong>to&nbsp;ensure&nbsp;customer&nbsp;satisfaction</li>
<li>Raise&nbsp;awareness&nbsp;of&nbsp;existing&nbsp;issues&nbsp;or&nbsp;problems&nbsp;to&nbsp;other&nbsp;CS&nbsp;teams.</li>
<li>Ask&nbsp;relevant&nbsp;questions&nbsp;to&nbsp;the&nbsp;customer&nbsp;to&nbsp;capture&nbsp;more&nbsp;context&nbsp;of&nbsp;the&nbsp;inquiries.</li>
<li>Identify&nbsp;detailed&nbsp;types&nbsp;of&nbsp;inquiries&nbsp;in&nbsp;the&nbsp;ticketing&nbsp;platform&nbsp;for&nbsp;inquiry&nbsp;data&nbsp;insight,&nbsp;that&nbsp;will&nbsp;be&nbsp;used&nbsp;for&nbsp;product&nbsp;and&nbsp;process&nbsp;improvement.</li>
<li>Provide support our customers during&nbsp;<strong>Daylight time (operation working hour from (8am - 2pm, 2pm -8 pm GMT +7 / 9am - 3pm, 3pm - 9pm GMT +8)</strong></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Drive&nbsp;or&nbsp;contribute&nbsp;to&nbsp;changes&nbsp;&amp;&nbsp;implementation</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Generate idea of operational excellence project from experience in handling customer inquiry.</li>
<li>Contribute&nbsp;to&nbsp;operational&nbsp;excellence&nbsp;projects&nbsp;and&nbsp;coordinate&nbsp;with&nbsp;relevant&nbsp;stakeholders.</li>
</ul>
</div>