**Are you ready to join our digital revolution journey?**

At **[Aleph](https://alephholding.com/)**, we’re not just part of the digital advertising landscape—we’re shaping its future. Representing the world’s leading platforms, including TikTok, Amazon, Google, and nearly 55 others, we operate in 130+ markets across new and existing geographies.

Our mission is to empower advertisers and brands to unlock the full potential of these platforms' advertising capabilities. By fostering long-lasting partnerships, we create limitless opportunities for people and businesses to advertise effectively at both local and global levels.

With a presence spanning continents, Aleph offers you the chance to be part of a fast-growing, innovative team where your work makes a direct impact. If you’re ambitious, forward-thinking, and eager to thrive in a dynamic, global environment, Aleph is the perfect place to build your career.

We are currently seeking a dynamic Finance Manager to be based in Mumbai, India. In this role, you will play a key part in managing financial operations, driving performance insights, and supporting business strategy across the organization.

## Responsibilities :

- Prepare monthly, quarterly and annual financial reports.
- Oversee the company’s financial data and compliance by maintaining accurate books on accounts payable and receivable, payroll, and daily financial entries and reconciliations.
- Analyze financial data and create financial models for decision support.
- Review, monitor, and manage budgets.
- Collaborate with internal, external, and regulatory bodies to maintain compliance.
- Prepare all required tax reporting and compliance forms and ensure timely compliances.
- Handles all the types of audits.
- Monitor and confirm financial condition by conducting audits and providing information to external auditors.
- Develop strategies to minimize financial risk.
- Establish and enforce financial compliance policies and procedures.
- Continuously refine compliance frameworks to enhance efficiency and accuracy.
- Comply with all financial regulations and standards.

## What you will need :

- 6+ years of proven work experience as a Financial Manager or similar role for APAC Region
- Strong experience with APAC Compliances
- Strong knowledge of accounting, data analysis and forecasting methods
- Ability to strategize and solve problems
- Proficient in the use of MS Office and financial management software (e.g., SAP)
- Strong ethics, with an ability to manage confidential data
- Professional certification such as CFA/CPA or similar will be considered a plus

#ALEPH

**Why Join Us?**

Aleph is a place of many cultures, perspectives, and talents. We support each other, creating an environment of giving and receiving. We value partnership and communication because we believe it takes a group of people to achieve great things. We are energized by our ever-changing industry, our curiosity keeps us learning and seeking out new opportunities.

We stay flexible and adaptable, and believe in moving with the speed of change. We encourage everyone to strive for more, providing our internal talent with growth opportunities and the ability to learn together.

#ALEPH