<div class="content-intro"><h3>ABOUT TIDE</h3>
<p>At Tide we help SMEs save time (and money) in the running of their businesses by not only offering business accounts and related banking services, but also a comprehensive set of highly usable and connected administrative solutions from invoicing to accounting.</p>
<p>Tide is transforming the small business banking market with over 1.8 million members globally across the UK, India, Germany and France.</p>
<p>Using advanced technology, all solutions are designed with SMEs in mind. With quick onboarding, low fees and innovative features, we thrive on making data-driven decisions to serve our mission: to help SMEs save both time (and money) so they can get back to doing what they love.</p>
<p><strong>Tide facts:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Tide is available for UK, Indian, German and French SMEs</li>
<li>Over 1.8 million members: 800,000 UK and 1,000,000 in India and growing rapidly</li>
<li>Over $300 million raised in funding</li>
<li>Over 2,500 Tideans globally - we’re diversity champions!</li>
<li>We have offices in Central London, with a member support and technology centre in Sofia, Bulgaria, technology centres in Serbia, Romania, Lithuania and Hyderabad and offices in Gurugram and New Delhi, and in Berlin, Paris and Luxembourg.</li>
</ul></div><h3>ABOUT THE ROLE:</h3>
<p>As an Engineering Manager at Tide, you will be responsible for building and running the products your team owns, covering everything our members need to run their business, from banking and payments through to administration and operational tooling.</p>
<p>This role offers an exceptional opportunity to make a real difference by taking ownership of engineering practices in a rapidly expanding company! We trust and empower our Engineering Managers to make real architectural decisions that affect their domain and shape the future of Tide’s Platform.</p>
<p>We operate in domain-aligned, full-stack teams that own products end to end. Engineers self-organise, collaborate on technical challenges, and define shared standards through Communities of Practice.</p>
<ul>
<li>Leading &amp; Directly managing a cross functional team</li>
<li>Partnering with a Product Manager to form the Product Engineering Duo</li>
<li>Deeply caring about what’s being built as much as the how</li>
<li>Being responsible of the delivery of the team - quality, stability, timelines, dependencies</li>
<li>Being responsible of the tech excellence and architecture within the scope of the team</li>
<li>Driving the continuous improvement of the team performance as measured by DORA</li>
<li>Securing the continuous growth and wellbeing of the engineers on their team</li>
<li>Being hands-on, carefully dividing your time between design, coding and coaching other team members. You will be the person people turn to seeking advice and solutions to difficult problems.</li>
</ul>
<h3>WHAT WE ARE LOOKING FOR:&nbsp;</h3>
<ul>
<li>Extensive experience (10+ years) building server-side applications and detailed knowledge of Java</li>
<li>Sound knowledge of a backend framework (e.g. Spring/Spring Boot)&nbsp;</li>
<li>Experience with running microservices and implementing and consuming RESTful APIs</li>
<li>Experience engineering scalable and reliable solutions in a cloud-native environment&nbsp;</li>
<li>A mindset of delivering secure, well-tested and well-documented software&nbsp;</li>
<li>Full ownership of your code and technical solutions across their entire lifecycle, from development to production.</li>
<li>Experience integrating with various third party providers and partners&nbsp;</li>
<li>Sound knowledge and experience working with relational databases</li>
<li>Work effectively in an agile environment, using its practices to deliver value consistently and adapt quickly</li>
<li>Ability to communicate technical concepts to a non-technical audience&nbsp;</li>
<li>Apply continuous integration, delivery, and deployment practices in day-to-day development to deliver software reliably to production</li>
<li>A technical hands on leader who is in the details of what the team is working on day to day</li>
<li>Experience&nbsp; leading teams</li>
<li>Experience directly managing people</li>
</ul>
<h3>Our Tech Stack</h3>
<ul>
<li>Java, Spring Boot and JOOQ to build the RESTful APIs of our microservices (but we welcome people who are used to any strongly typed general purpose programming language!)&nbsp;</li>
<li>Event-driven architecture with messages over SNS+SQS and Kafka to make them reliable&nbsp;</li>
<li>Primary datastores are PostgreSQL via RDS or Aurora (we are heavy AWS users)&nbsp;</li>
<li>Docker, Terraform, ArgoCD and, EKS provided by the Cloud team to run the platform&nbsp;</li>
<li>DataDog for monitoring, observability and automated SLOs</li>
<li>GitHub, Semgrep and solid testing to power the CI/CD pipelines - new joiners are encouraged to have something deployed to production in their first week&nbsp;</li>
<li>Angular on Web, Flutter for our mobile app, but from time to time we use Swift and Kotlin</li>
<li>Fivetran/BigQuery/Looker for the BI insights and Python/FastAPI/Faust + some ML libs for the automated decisioning and risk management</li>
</ul>
<h3>&nbsp;</h3>
<h3 id="what-youll-get-in-return">WHAT YOU’LL GET IN RETURN</h3>
<ul>
<li>The gross monthly salary for this position ranges from 7400€ to 11560€, depending on your skills, and experience.</li>
<li>Private Health Insurance</li>
<li>25 days paid annual leave</li>
<li>3 paid days off for volunteering or L&amp;D activities</li>
<li>Parental Leave days&nbsp;</li>
<li>Family-Friendly Leave&nbsp;</li>
<li>Personal L&amp;D budget in the amount of 500 EUR per year</li>
<li>Mental wellbeing platform Plumm</li>
<li>WFH equipment allowance</li>
<li>Sabbatical Leave</li>
<li>Share options</li>
<li>Team Events</li>
</ul>
<h3>TIDEAN WAYS OF WORKING</h3>
<p>At Tide, we champion a <strong>flexible workplace </strong>model that<strong> </strong>supports both in-person and remote work to cater to the specific needs of our different teams.&nbsp;</p>
<p>While remote work is supported, we believe in the power of face-to-face interactions to foster team spirit and collaboration. Our offices are designed as hubs for innovation and team-building, where we encourage regular in-person gatherings to foster a strong sense of community.</p><div class="content-conclusion"><h3>TIDE IS A PLACE FOR EVERYONE</h3>
<p>At Tide, we believe that we can only succeed if we let our differences enrich our culture. Our Tideans come from a variety of backgrounds and experience levels. We consider everyone irrespective of their ethnicity, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, family or parental status, national origin, veteran, neurodiversity or differently-abled status. We celebrate diversity in our workforce as a cornerstone of our success. Our commitment to a broad spectrum of ideas and backgrounds is what enables us to build products that resonate with our members’ diverse needs and lives.&nbsp;</p>
<p>We are One Team and foster a transparent and inclusive environment, where everyone’s voice is heard.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><em>At Tide, we thrive on diversity, embracing various backgrounds and experiences. We welcome all individuals regardless of ethnicity, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, or disability. Our inclusive culture is key to our success, helping us build products that meet our members' diverse needs. We are One Team, committed to transparency and ensuring everyone’s voice is heard.</em></p>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section">&nbsp;</div>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section"><strong>Disclaimer</strong></div>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section">&nbsp;</div>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section"><em>It has come to our attention that individuals or agencies are falsely claiming to represent Tide and are reaching out to candidates regarding job opportunities. Please be aware that:</em></div>
<ul class="p-rich\_text\_list p-rich\_text\_list\_\_bullet p-rich\_text\_list--nested" data-stringify-type="unordered-list" data-list-tree="true" data-indent="0" data-border="0">
<li style="font-style: italic;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><em>Tide does&nbsp;<strong data-stringify-type="bold">not</strong>&nbsp;charge any fees at any stage of the recruitment process.</em></li>
<li style="font-style: italic;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><em>All official Tide job opportunities are listed exclusively on our&nbsp;<a href="https://www.tide.co/careers/" target="\_blank"><strong data-stringify-type="bold">Careers Page</strong></a>&nbsp;and applications should be submitted through this channel.</em></li>
<li style="font-style: italic;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><em>Communication from Tide will only come from an official&nbsp;<strong data-stringify-type="bold">@tide</strong><strong data-stringify-type="bold">.co</strong>&nbsp;email address.</em></li>
<li style="font-style: italic;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><em>Tide does not work with agencies or recruiters without prior formal engagement, and we do not authorize third parties to make job offers on our behalf.</em></li>
</ul>
<p><em>If you are contacted by anyone misrepresenting Tide or requesting payment, please treat it as fraudulent and report it to us immediately at <a href="mailto:talent@tide.co" target="\_blank">talent@tide.co</a><br>Your safety and trust are important to us, and we are committed to ensuring a fair and transparent recruitment process.</em></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><em><em data-stringify-type="italic">Tide leverages AI to enhance our hiring experience. You can read more about how we use AI in our recruitment process in our <a href="https://assets.ctfassets.net/3h69mkdgxn20/5MFtWSdG8YLKq3jZkK52NY/3f18633073e6cdbd03bba4b9791c64f4/Using\_AI\_throughout\_the\_Hiring\_Process.pdf" target="\_blank">AI Policy</a>.</em></em></p>
<p><em><em data-stringify-type="italic">Your personal data will be processed by Tide for recruitment purposes and in accordance with </em><em data-stringify-type="italic"><a class="c-link" href="https://assets.ctfassets.net/3h69mkdgxn20/4TE0uAE3SXomATDVneocNA/aa31893960b4064dd406ad15d029dcd3/Recruitment\_Privacy\_Notice.pdf" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://assets.ctfassets.net/3h69mkdgxn20/1MYf6q4ZMWugpeaROVETBN/526e9c160a2de03576413c81657c6466/Recruitment\_Privacy\_Notice\_\_Final\_Draft\_\_Sep\_2024\_.pdf" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">Tide's Recruitment Privacy Notice</a></em><em data-stringify-type="italic">.</em></em></p></div>