<h2><strong>Who we are&nbsp;&nbsp;</strong></h2>
<p><strong>About Stripe</strong></p>
<p>Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies—from the world’s largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyone’s reach while doing the most important work of your career.</p>
<p><strong>About the team</strong></p>
<p>The Finance &amp; Strategy (F&amp;S) team is an integral thought partner to Stripe’s business leaders. We bring understanding and predictability to Stripe’s bottom line financials.&nbsp; We work cross functionally to help steward Stripe’s resource investments to improve the durability of our long term financial performance.</p>
<h2><strong>What you’ll do</strong></h2>
<p>This role is on the EMEA F&amp;S team. We partner with the EMEA business leads by providing data analytics, business insights and strategic recommendations to help the business optimize ROI and achieve long-term growth.</p>
<p><strong>Responsibilities</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Work closely with EMEA business leaders to influence key strategic decisions</li>
<li>Create frameworks to assess and influence business performance by country and segment</li>
<li>Partner with other F&amp;S teams on defining ROI frameworks to drive recommendations on resource allocations</li>
<li>Support annual planning for the EMEA business</li>
<li>Own reporting of leading indicators of business performance</li>
<li>Build and own models for in-depth analyses, as well as ensure their quality, timeliness, and accuracy</li>
<li>Drive continuous process improvement, standardization, simplification and reporting enhancements</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Who you are</strong></h2>
<p>We're looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.</p>
<p><strong>Minimum requirements</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>8+ years of work experience in FP&amp;A, corporate planning, business finance, investment banking, consulting, PE/VC or similar.</li>
<li>Experience executing finance processes (e.g. budget, forecast reviews, negotiations).</li>
<li>Deep analytical rigour, able to find trends hidden in millions of data points.</li>
<li>A self-starter capable of driving business results without significant supervision. You must be able to partner with cross-functional teams to unblock things.</li>
<li>Solid business acumen, strong written and verbal communication skills (interacting with Stripe C-Suite).</li>
<li>A proven ability to build strong collaborative working relationships with business partners.</li>
<li>The ability to maintain high performance under tight timelines and a “roll up your sleeves” mindset to get any job done.</li>
<li>The ability to bring structure to ambiguity and thrive in an unstructured, fast-moving environment.</li>
<li>Solution-oriented mindset with enthusiasm for establishing best practices.</li>
<li>Experience with SQL (intermediate/advanced skills are a must).</li>
<li>Experience working with large and complex datasets.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>You will also likely have (not required):</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Experience working with Sales teams, preferably in a high growth technology company</li>
<li>Experience working closely with technical teams (Data Science, Data Engineering, Business Intelligence, etc)</li>
<li>Experience working in a global capacity (this team interacts with all regions)</li>
<li>Oracle, Anaplan, Tableau or other equivalent application experience</li>
</ul>