<div class="content-intro"><p>Intercom is the AI Customer Service company on a mission to help businesses provide incredible customer experiences.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Our AI agent Fin, the most advanced customer service AI agent on the market, lets businesses deliver always-on, impeccable customer service and ultimately transform their customer experiences for the better. Fin can also be combined with our Helpdesk to become a complete solution called the Intercom Customer Service Suite, which provides AI enhanced support for the more complex or high touch queries that require a human agent.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Founded in 2011 and trusted by nearly 30,000 global businesses, Intercom is setting the new standard for customer service. Driven by our core values, we push boundaries, build with speed and intensity, and consistently deliver incredible value to our customers.</p></div><h2>What's the opportunity?&nbsp;</h2>
<p>Intercom CSMs work with thousands of exciting customers from a variety of industries, in many phases of their business journey to help those customers realize the full value of their Intercom investment. They engage customers to unlock early and sustained outcomes by delivering methodologies that drive product adoption, solution expansion, and long-term growth.&nbsp;</p>
<p>As a CSM, you’ll build relationships and demonstrate an understanding of the Intercom customer journey. You’ll be equipped to guide customers over their hurdles, delivering value realization through proactive and programmatic customer engagement and best practices.</p>
<p>You'll use your solution expertise to enable customers to overcome their challenges to implementing and growing our AI products and act as a trusted advisor to the change those customers need to make.&nbsp;</p>
<p>You’ll work with a variety of customer profiles including C-Level contacts, executives, CX and Support leaders, and multi-layered global CX teams to support the successful adoption and expansion of their Intercom solution investment.</p>
<h2>What will I be doing?&nbsp;</h2>
<ul>
<li>Develop a trusted advisor relationship with customers at the C-suite and executive level, driving success with our platform and ensuring they receive maximum value from our solution throughout their lifecycle.</li>
<li>Guide the customer and Intercom account teams (Sales, Partners, Solution Engineers) to develop customer Success Plans, including QBRs, Executive Business Reviews, and strategic planning sessions, and Churn Mitigation Plans when necessary</li>
<li>Be an expert and advisor, while maintaining an understanding and expertise of Intercom products and solutions, to drive our customer’s ability to successfully adopt the most relevant features for their specific requirements</li>
<li>Engage with your customers to unlock early and sustained product adoption and success with Intercom Solutions</li>
<li>Develop and execute adoption strategies targeting high value accounts for our AI products,&nbsp; driving change management, and ensuring fulfillment of intercom packages&nbsp;</li>
<li>Reduce churn and contraction through early risk identification, intervention, escalation, and mitigation in partnership with your account team</li>
<li>Be a customer support industry and AI thought leader with your customers, while sharing and scaling those insights to the benefit of the Solutions team</li>
<li>Be the Voice of the Customer to provide internal feedback on how Intercom can better serve our core customers</li>
</ul>
<h2>What skills do I need?&nbsp;</h2>
<ul>
<li>5+ years of relevant work experience in a customer-facing customer success, account management or strategic consulting organization. SaaS or Consumption-based Technology companies experience a benefit</li>
<li>Experience with SaaS business models and ability to support strategic and complex enterprise customer needs resulting in Value Realization across global teams</li>
<li>Experience establishing yourself as a trusted advisor with customer partners to guide outcomes</li>
<li>Experience using Success Plans to ensure goals are aligned from a business strategy perspective and success metrics are identified</li>
<li>Ability to understand and communicate complex problems clearly and concisely to different audiences&nbsp;</li>
<li>Self-motivating and entrepreneurial team player</li>
<li>Experience building lasting relationships with customers and colleagues</li>
<li>Experience setting up and using SaaS Communication Products</li>
</ul>
<h2>Benefits&nbsp;</h2>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are a well-treated bunch, with awesome benefits! If there’s something important to you that’s not on this list, talk to us!&nbsp;</span></p>
<ul>
<li>Competitive salary and equity in a fast-growing start-up</li>
<li>We serve lunch every weekday, plus a variety of snack foods and a fully stocked kitchen</li>
<li>Regular compensation reviews - we reward great work!</li>
<li>Unlimited access to Claude Code and best-in-class AI tools; experimentation &amp; building is encouraged &amp; celebrated.</li>
<li>Pension scheme &amp; match up to 4%</li>
<li>Peace of mind with life assurance, as well as comprehensive health and dental insurance for you and your dependents</li>
<li>Open vacation policy and flexible holidays so you can take time off when you need it</li>
<li>Paid maternity leave, as well as 6 weeks paternity leave for fathers, to let you spend valuable time with your loved ones</li>
<li>If you’re cycling, we’ve got you covered on the Cycle-to-Work Scheme. With secure bike storage too&nbsp;</li>
<li>MacBooks are our standard, but we also offer Windows for certain roles when needed.</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>Policies&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>Intercom has a hybrid working policy. We believe that working in person helps us stay connected, collaborate easier and create a great culture while still providing flexibility to work from home. We expect employees to be in the office at least three days per week.</p>
<p>We have a radically open and accepting culture at Intercom. We avoid spending time on divisive subjects to foster a safe and cohesive work environment for everyone. As an organization, our policy is to not advocate on behalf of the company or our employees on any social or political topics out of our internal or external communications. We respect personal opinion and expression on these topics on personal social platforms on personal time, and do not challenge or confront anyone for their views on non-work related topics. Our goal is to focus on doing incredible work to achieve our goals and unite the company through our <a href="https://www.intercom.com/careers">core values</a>.&nbsp;&nbsp;</p>
<p>Intercom values diversity and is committed to a policy of Equal Employment Opportunity. Intercom will not discriminate against an applicant or employee on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, national origin, ancestry, sex, gender, age, physical or mental disability, veteran or military status, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, marital status, or any other legally recognized protected basis under federal, state, or local law.</p></div>