<div class="content-intro"><p>Celonis is the global leader in Process Intelligence and the pioneer of Process Mining technology. As one of the world’s fastest-growing enterprise SaaS companies, we are changemakers pushing the boundaries of what’s possible. We invest heavily in advanced AI capabilities—specifically our Process Intelligence Graph—to turn data insights into immediate business action. We believe there is a massive opportunity to unlock global productivity and sustainability by placing intelligence at the core of every business process. Join our mission to make processes work for people, companies, and the planet.</p></div><p><strong>The Team</strong></p>
<p>In this role, you will be leading a product team in Business Apps that focuses on developing best-in class solutions in the domain of the Front Office spanning Customer Service, Marketing, Sales and Commerce. Business Apps are purpose-built solutions created for a specific line of business, addressing most impactful pain points. The apps are best practice examples of how Celonis is used in new, innovative ways that push the boundaries of our platform. The team has a great balance of technical skills to build solutions paired with a customer focus and product management mindset to create meaningful products widely adopted across our customer base.</p>
<p><strong>The Role:</strong></p>
<p>You will build and lead a team of product managers that work directly with both customers, account teams and their counterparts in Product and Engineering on using Celonis to seize opportunities in the Front Office Domain. Your focus will be on productizing valuable and scalable use cases and thereby impact and shape the future of Process Intelligence in the Front Office. Take this chance to rethink the way companies run their customer facing processes and help our customers to accelerate their value realization with Celonis.</p>
<p><strong>The work you’ll do:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Lead a team of product managers, defining the product strategy and roadmap for the Front Office domain, within the broader context of our Business Apps strategy</li>
<li>Work closely with customers to understand their pain points with a focus on Procurement (both direct and indirect) and adjacent areas</li>
<li>Be involved in all steps within the product development lifecycle from ideation to product development to scaling solutions across all Celonis customers</li>
<li>Use the Celonis Process Intelligence Platform to develop new, innovative solutions in the area of the Front Office</li>
<li>Collaborate with platform product managers and engineers to guide and influence feature development of the platform</li>
<li>Work together with our UX team to define the user experience for our products</li>
<li>Create alignment across key parts of the Celonis organization, including Product, Engineering, Product Marketing, Value Engineering and Sales.</li>
</ul>
<p>If you are passionate about Service, Sales, Marketing and Commerce processes and the Celonis technology, and what it can do for our customers, here's your chance to directly contribute to taking our Celonis Process Intelligence Platform to the next level.</p>
<p><strong>The qualifications you need:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>8+ years of experience in operational Front Office functions (Sales, Service Marketing, Commerce), Solution Engineering, Enterprise CX Software, CX Analyst or comparable roles</li>
<li>Deep understanding of Front Office Solutions such as Customer Relationship Management (CRM), Sales and Service Automation Software, Marketing and Commerce Platforms, Communication Software Systems or Customer Experience Platforms</li>
<li>Comprehensive knowledge of CX market and industry trends</li>
<li>Strong expertise in product development and go-to-market strategies with a track record in developing and launching successful products</li>
<li>Demonstrated experience in product marketing, messaging, and positioning</li>
<li>Proven ability to lead and manage high-performing teams</li>
<li>Outstanding stakeholder management skills across organizational functions</li>
<li>Excellent verbal and written communication abilities</li>
<li>Fluent in English (German language is a plus)</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>What Celonis can offer you:</strong></p>
<ul class="p-rich\_text\_list p-rich\_text\_list\_\_bullet p-rich\_text\_list--nested" data-stringify-type="unordered-list" data-list-tree="true" data-indent="0" data-border="0">
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Pioneer Innovation:</span> Work with the global leader in Process Mining and the Process Intelligence Graph to shape the future of AI-driven business operations.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Ownership from Day 1:</span> Every full-time "Celonaut" is an owner, receiving Restricted Stock Units (RSUs) and merit-based refresh grants.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Unrivaled Family Support:</span> Benefit from our inclusive parental leave policy—24 weeks of fully paid leave for primary carers and 12 weeks for supporting carers, available from your first day of employment.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Work-Life Integration:</span> Enjoy Unlimited PTO (in applicable regions) and generous PTO globally, as well as a flexible hybrid work model that balances remote focus with vibrant office collaboration.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Continuous Growth:</span> Elevate your skills through our 70-20-10 learning framework, mentorship programs, and access to a dedicated learning platform.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Holistic Well-being:</span> Prioritize your health with subsidized Wellhub memberships, mental health counseling, and dedicated "Wellness Weeks" that prioritize work/life balance.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Drive Sustainability:</span> Participate in annual Impact Days, where you receive paid time off to volunteer for community and environmental causes with your local office, or virtually.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Global Inclusion &amp; Belonging:</span> Find community through our Inclusion Think Tank and participate in our annual Inclusion Days, ensuring every voice is heard and valued.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Value-Driven Impact:</span> Join a mission-led organization where our core values—Live for Customer Value, The Best Team Wins, We Own It, and Earth Is Our Future—drive every decision.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>About Us:</strong></p>
<p>Celonis makes processes work — for people, companies, and the planet. Powered by process mining and AI, the Celonis Process Intelligence Platform integrates process data and business context to create a living digital twin of business operations. We enable thousands of companies worldwide to understand how their business actually runs and, together with their partners, build intelligent solutions that transform and continuously improve the way they operate — unlocking billions in value. Celonis is headquartered in Munich, Germany, and New York City, USA, with more than 20 offices worldwide.</p>
<p><br>Get familiar with the Celonis Process Intelligence Platform by watching this <a href="https://academy.celonis.com/learn/video/discover-the-ems">video</a>.</p>
<p><strong>Celonis Inclusion Statement:</strong></p>
<p>At Celonis, we believe our people make us who we are and that “The Best Team Wins”. We know that the best teams are made up of people who bring different perspectives to the table. And when everyone feels included, able to speak up and knows their voice is heard - that's when creativity and innovation happen.<strong><br></strong></p>
<p><strong>Your Privacy:</strong></p>
<p>Any information you submit to Celonis as part of your application will be processed in accordance with Celonis’ <a href="https://www.celonis.com/careers/candidate-notices">Accessibility and Candidate Notices</a></p>
<p>By submitting this application, you confirm that you agree to the storing and processing of your personal data by Celonis as described in our <a href="https://www.celonis.com/careers/privacy-notice/">Privacy Notice for the Application and Hiring Process</a>.</p>
<p>Please be aware of common job offer scams, impersonators and frauds. Learn more <a href="https://www.celonis.com/careers/fraud-alert/">here</a>.</p></div>