<div class="content-intro"><p><strong data-stringify-type="bold">Why work at Nebius<br></strong>Nebius is leading a new era in cloud computing to serve the global AI economy. We create the tools and resources our customers need to solve real-world challenges and transform industries, without massive infrastructure costs or the need to build large in-house AI/ML teams. Our employees work at the cutting edge of AI cloud infrastructure alongside some of the most experienced and innovative leaders and engineers in the field.</p>
<p><strong>Where we work<br></strong>Headquartered in Amsterdam and listed on Nasdaq, Nebius has a global footprint with R&amp;D hubs across Europe, North America, and Israel. The team of over 1400 employees includes more than 400 highly skilled engineers with deep expertise across hardware and software engineering, as well as an in-house AI R&amp;D team.</p></div><h3><strong><span data-contrast="auto">The role</span></strong><span data-ccp-props="{}">&nbsp;</span></h3>
<p>We are seeking a&nbsp;<strong>Channel Partner Manger</strong> to lead engagement and growth with our most strategic partners in the Systems Integrator (SI), Managed Service Provider (MSP) and Value-Added Reseller (VAR) segments in the <strong>DACH</strong> and <strong>Nordics</strong> region. This senior-level role will work hand-in-hand with the Head of Channel and Head of the Region to develop and execute strategies that position Nebius as the partner of choice for these key segments.</p>
<p>The ideal candidate will bring extensive experience managing and scaling relationships with SIs, MSPs, and VARs, a strategic mindset and the ability to drive impactful partner enablement programs. This is a high-impact role, offering the opportunity to shape Nebius’ partner ecosystem and contribute to the company’s long-term growth.</p>
<p>You’re welcome to work remotely from the <strong>DACH</strong> or <strong>Nordics</strong> region.</p>
<h3><strong><span data-ccp-props="{&quot;335559685&quot;:720,&quot;335559991&quot;:360}"><span class="TextRun MacChromeBold SCXW95146830 BCX0" lang="EN-US" data-contrast="auto"><span class="NormalTextRun SCXW95146830 BCX0" data-ccp-charstyle="Strong">Your responsibilities will include:</span></span><span class="EOP SCXW95146830 BCX0" data-ccp-props="{&quot;134233117&quot;:true,&quot;134233118&quot;:true}">&nbsp;</span></span></strong></h3>
<ul>
<li><strong>Strategic partner engagement</strong>: Build and deepen relationships with top SIs, MSPs and VARs, ensuring alignment with Nebius’ strategic goals and objectives</li>
<li><strong>Partner enablement</strong>: Design, develop and execute partner enablement programs that equip partners to successfully position and sell Nebius’ GPU IaaS solutions</li>
<li><strong>Collaboration with leadership</strong>: Work closely with Head of Channel and Head of the Region to align on strategic priorities, partner initiatives and business growth opportunities</li>
<li><strong>Contract negotiation and execution</strong>: Partner with team members to negotiate agreements, finalize contracts and ensure smooth implementation of sales enablement initiatives</li>
<li><strong>Business development</strong>: Identify new partnership opportunities within the SI, MSP and VAR segments, driving incremental revenue growth</li>
<li><strong>Sales alignment</strong>: Collaborate with sales teams to ensure seamless integration of partner activities into the broader sales strategy, tracking progress against key metrics</li>
<li><strong>Performance analysis</strong>: Monitor and analyze partner performance, providing actionable insights to refine programs and maximize impact</li>
<li><strong>Travel</strong>: up to 25%&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong><span data-contrast="auto"><span data-ccp-charstyle="Strong">We expect you to have:</span></span><span data-ccp-props="{&quot;134233117&quot;:true,&quot;134233118&quot;:true}">&nbsp;</span></strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>A minimum of 7-10 years of DACH and Nordics channel management experience, with a proven track record of working with enterprise-level partners in the SI, MSP, and VAR sectors. Experience working with enterprise customers to scale and drive adoption of cloud-based solutions is essential</li>
<li>Strong, existing relationships with key SIs, ISVs, and MSPs who have a track record of serving enterprise customers. You should be able to leverage this network to accelerate the growth of Nebius' partner ecosystem</li>
<li>Strong technical knowledge of cloud-based solutions, with experience enabling partners to sell complex products (preferably GPU IaaS or similar cloud infrastructure solutions) to enterprise customers</li>
<li>Demonstrated experience in working with enterprise sales teams and marketing functions to co-create sales strategies, develop marketing materials, and execute joint initiatives that resonate with large-scale enterprise customers</li>
<li>Ability to develop high-level strategic plans for enterprise channel growth while also diving into the tactical aspects of partner enablement, contract negotiations, and performance tracking</li>
<li>Experience selling, enabling, and supporting enterprise solutions, particularly in cloud, IaaS, and GPU-based offerings. Comfort in understanding and articulating the technical value of solutions to both technical and business stakeholders within enterprise accounts</li>
<li>Demonstrated success in driving revenue growth and scaling partner ecosystems in an enterprise context</li>
<li>Ability to present Nebius effectively on presentations, with senior leadership, technical teams, and enterprise partners, ensuring clear and actionable messaging around Nebius’ offerings</li>
<li>Fluent German and English are a must have</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>What we offer</strong>&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>Competitive salary and comprehensive benefits package.</li>
<li>Opportunities for professional growth within Nebius.</li>
<li>Flexible working arrangements.</li>
<li>A dynamic and collaborative work environment that values initiative and innovation.</li>
</ul>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">We’re growing and expanding our products every day. If you’re up to the challenge and are excited about AI and ML as much as we are, join us!</span></p></div>