<div class="content-intro"><p>Yotpo is leading the next era of trust and loyalty in eCommerce. With AI-powered Reviews and Loyalty solutions, we help brands turn browsers into customers and customers into advocates. Through deep integrations across the eCommerce ecosystem and the trust of over 30,000 global brands, Yotpo delivers seamless omnichannel experiences that increase conversion, strengthen customer relationships, and drive profitable, long-term growth.</p></div><p>Yotpo is leading the next era of trust and loyalty in eCommerce. With AI-powered Reviews and Loyalty solutions, we help brands turn browsers into customers and customers into advocates. Through deep integrations across the eCommerce ecosystem and the trust of over 30,000 global brands, Yotpo delivers seamless omnichannel experiences that increase conversion, strengthen customer relationships, and drive profitable, long-term growth.</p>
<p>Yotpo’s<strong> Enterprise Account Executives</strong> are high-visibility, high-impact, competitively compensated, and integral to our continued growth strategy and expansion of our footprint within the Enterprise. From retail companies that are household names to digitally native brands, you will be targeting and working closely with high recognition names of the caliber of Chubbies, Brooklinen, and Allbirds. Given the notable nature of these brands and the corresponding opportunity for a long-term and impactful partnership, it’s necessary that whoever joins the Yotpo team approaches each point of contact carefully and strategically, with exceptional attention to detail.</p>
<p><strong>You will:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Drive Revenue &amp; Own Results<strong>:</strong> Outbound and strategically nurture and close leads from our Partnership division, inbound marketing initiatives, and Enterprise Sales Development Representatives. You own your results and figure out creative ways to win.</li>
<li>Maximize Earning Potential: Go above and beyond in your sales performance, taking full advantage of an uncapped commission plan, OTE, and accelerators.</li>
<li>Tailor Solutions for Customers: Introduce Yotpo’s comprehensive suite of products to new prospect accounts, focused on value based selling</li>
<li>Collaborate Across Teams: Work closely with sales, account management, marketing, and product teams to ensure seamless solutions for customers.</li>
<li>Industry Expertise &amp; Thought Leadership: Prospect accounts across a broad cross-section of industries, gaining deep insights to speak authoritatively about industry and vertical trends.</li>
<li>Manage Complex Sales Cycles: Deliver maximum revenue potential by managing full, complex sales cycles, forecasting sales activity, and driving results while creating satisfied, long-term customers.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Ideally, you’ll bring:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>7+ years of quota-carrying experience, with a record of top performance</li>
<li>2+ years carrying a mid-market/enterprise quota at a SaaS provider</li>
<li>Proven experience r managing quarter-long sales cycles: you know how to navigate a complex organization, connecting with managers to C-level stakeholders</li>
<li>Demonstrated ownership in all aspects of territory management and ability to leverage internal resources effectively (SDRs, Partners, Marketing, etc.)</li>
<li>An ability to thrive in constantly changing, fast-paced, high-growth environments</li>
<li>Extra kudos for marketing or entrepreneurial experience</li>
<li>Must have a valid UK work authorization to apply</li>
</ul>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">If you don’t meet 100% of the qualifications outlined above, that’s okay! We believe in hiring people, not just skills. If you have a passion to learn and are excited about eCommerce and technology, then we want to hear from you. </span></p>
<p><strong>About Yotpo - UK:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Private healthcare with dental and optical included</li>
<li>Pension contribution</li>
<li>Voluntary death in service policy</li>
<li>Cycle to work scheme</li>
<li>Generous PTO, volunteer days, holidays and flex days&nbsp;</li>
<li>Individualized career development, rewards and recognition</li>
<li>Wellness and philanthropic programming and events</li>
<li>We are working in a hybrid capacity, typically in office four days per week.</li>
</ul>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Yotpo’s employee-centric culture has consistently earned us coveted spots on </span><a href="https://www.builtinnyc.com/companies/best-midsize-places-to-work-nyc-2021"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Built In’s</span></a><strong> Best Places to Work</strong><span style="font-weight: 400;"> lists in both NYC and Austin over the years. Directly inspired by employee feedback, we create opportunities to bring our teams together. Yotpo programming includes </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">team events, educational fireside chats, end of year celebrations,</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> affinity groups and partnerships.</span></p>
<p><strong>Yotpo is for everyone, and we’re committed to anti-racist work. </strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">We welcome and employ people regardless of race, color,&nbsp; gender identity, religion, genetic information, parental or pregnancy status, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, or Veteran status. We are proud to be an equal opportunity employer,&nbsp; a place where your voice is heard and your perspective is encouraged.</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> Come join us and help us build a global company where we're all proud to belong.</span></p><div class="content-conclusion"><p>#LI-Hybrid</p></div>