<h2><strong>Job Description</strong></h2>
<p>We are seeking a Technical Lead Manager (TLM) to lead the development and deployment of novel applications, leveraging Google’s generative AI models. This role focuses on rapidly developing new features, and working across partner teams to deliver solutions, and maximize impact for Google &amp; top Google customers. You will be instrumental in translating cutting-edge AI research into real-world products, and demonstrating the capabilities of latest generation models. We are looking for a TLM with a strong track record of building and shipping software, and leading engineering teams, ideally with some experience in early-stage environments, where you may have contributed to scaling products from initial concept to production. The ideal candidate will be motivated by the opportunity to drive product &amp; business impact, and develop strong relationships with research teams.</p>
<p><br>This role requires a strong software engineering foundation, a passion for building and iterating on software products, and proven leadership skills. We are looking for a TLM who thrives in fast-paced environments, and has the proven ability to deliver high-quality code &amp; guide a team to success. Experience in end-to-end development is essential, as is the ability to mentor and develop junior engineers. We particularly value experience in early-stage or startup environments, where managers take ownership and drive product development from the ground up.</p>
<h3><strong>Job responsibilities</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Lead a team in the design and development of scalable software applications leveraging generative AI models.</li>
<li>Guide the team in rapidly developing new features and iterating based on evaluation results.</li>
<li>Collaborate with researchers and product managers to translate research advancements into tangible product features.</li>
<li>Oversee the optimization of software performance and ensure the reliability of deployed applications.</li>
<li>Champion the development of best practices for building and deploying generative AI applications.</li>
<li>Lead the architecture and development of new products &amp; features from 0 to 1.</li>
<li>Mentor and develop team members, fostering a collaborative and high-performing environment.</li>
<li>Partner with PM team to qualify &amp; size new project opportunities.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Minimum qualifications:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>A bachelor degree in computer science, electrical engineering or equivalent experience.</li>
<li>8 years of experience with software development in one or more programming languages (e.g., Python, C, C++, Java, JavaScript).</li>
<li>5 years of experience in minimum of one ML field (eg. media generation, reinforcement learning, infrastructure etc.)</li>
<li>7+ years of experience leading technical projects and optimizing ML infrastructure (e.g., model deployment, model evaluation, data processing, debugging, fine tuning), including at least 5 years of experience in a people leadership role overseeing and guiding technical teams.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Preferred qualifications:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Experience with generative AI models and applications.</li>
<li>Contributions to open-source projects.</li>
<li>Experience with front-end development.</li>
<li>Proven experience in rapidly developing and shipping software products in a fast-paced, customer-facing startup-like environment, demonstrating adaptability to changing priorities.</li>
<li>Experience evaluating model performance, analyzing results, and implementing improvements.</li>
<li>Experience with cloud computing platforms and infrastructure (e.g., Google Cloud Platform, AWS, Azure).</li>
<li>Experience with machine learning frameworks and libraries such as TensorFlow, PyTorch, Hugging Face, etc.</li>
</ul>
<h2><br><br></h2>