<p>Canonical is a leading provider of open source software and operating systems to the global enterprise and technology markets. Our platform, Ubuntu, is very widely used in breakthrough enterprise initiatives such as public cloud, data science, AI, engineering innovation and IoT. Our customers include the world's leading public cloud and silicon providers, and industry leaders in many sectors. The company is a pioneer of global distributed collaboration, with 1000+ colleagues in 70+ countries and very few office based roles. Teams meet two to four times yearly in person, in interesting locations around the world, to align on strategy and execution.</p>
<p>The company is founder led, profitable and growing.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>We are hiring a Customer Success - Team Manager.</strong></p>
<p>To support Canonical's growth, we are expanding our CSM team globally and recruiting leaders to support and drive our Customer Success teams regionally. We consider our Customer Success operations an exceptional tool to sustain revenue retention and growth, placing excellence in delivering outstanding customer services in the new technologies sector. As such, we are looking for exceptional candidates with proven track records in Customer Success management and an obvious passion for new technologies.&nbsp;</p>
<p>You will enjoy this role if you are organised, persistent, analytical, diplomatic, a listener, hard-working, and determined to grow your skills and teams. As a lead, you will provide mentoring, coaching in post-sales account management and feedback to team members. You will play a crucial role in proactively identifying areas of improvement and implementing process change, driving high-performing teams. Comfortable dealing with ambiguity you will be equip to quickly adapt to change. Collaboration with other teams is also vital to this role to enhance the overall customer experience. Your key responsibility will be to analyze regional performance metrics, identify trends and opportunities for improvement, and implement changes to increase efficiency and achieve business objectives. You will work in close collaboration with the Global Head of Customer Success to drive results.</p>
<p>We engage with a diverse customer base and follow a diverse set of motions to provide the appropriate and required level of focus for every customer. The successful candidate will be able to demonstrate the ability to pivot right across this customer base regardless of culture, location or focus.</p>
<p><strong>Location: </strong>These opportunities are available globally and are remote positions.</p>
<p><strong>The role entails:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><strong>Strategic planning and analysis:</strong> preparing communication plans, team meetings, and other messages shared in broader management forums, setting yourself and your team up for success. Regularly reviewing key performance indicators and metrics is your baseline. You will develop strategies to enhance customer engagement, improve retention rates, drive up-sells or cross-sells where appropriate, and ultimately increase customer success.</li>
<li><strong>Customer interactions and support to your team:</strong> resolve escalated customer issues requiring expertise or intervention ensuring timely resolution.</li>
<li><strong>Team management:</strong> passionate about guiding and supporting your team members, helping them navigate complex customer situations, improve their skills, and achieve their goals. Conducting regular performance reviews with team members you will also help identifying areas for improvement/development as well as celebrating excellence, recognising team achievements, and setting goals for individual growth.&nbsp;</li>
<li><strong>Cross-functional collaboration: </strong>collaboration with other departments, such as Sales, Marketing, Product development, and Support, is essential. This ensures alignment on customer needs, feedback sharing, and coordinated efforts to drive customer success. You will establish trustworthy channels of communication across the board.</li>
<li><strong>Documentation and reporting: </strong>you are allowed to be creative! While building content with your team and your manager, you will also ensure the changes are well documented, instilling quality and attention to detail in all you do.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>What we are looking for in you</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Excellent academic results at school and university</li>
<li>Bachelor’s or equivalent degree in Business, Communication or STEM subject</li>
<li>Knowledge and passion for Customer Success, revenue management and technology, experience in SaaS or software industries</li>
<li>Track record of bringing exceptional Customer Success experience results</li>
<li>Commitment to continuous learning and improvement - curious, flexible, scientific</li>
<li>Creative problem-solving and cross-team collaboration</li>
<li>Experience growing and developing a CSM team</li>
<li>Hands-on approach to using data to drive team activities and continuous improvement</li>
<li>Willingness to travel up to 4 times a year for internal events</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Nice-to-have skills</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Whilst English is our business language, proficiency (both written and spoken) in Japanese, Korean, Spanish, Portuguese, German, French, or Italian will be valued.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>What we offer you</strong></p>
<p>We consider geographical location, experience, and performance in shaping compensation worldwide. We revisit compensation annually (and more often for graduates and associates) to ensure we recognise outstanding performance. In addition to base pay, we offer a performance-driven annual bonus. We provide all team members with additional benefits which reflect our values and ideals. We balance our programs to meet local needs and ensure fairness globally.</p>
<ul>
<li>Distributed work environment with twice-yearly team sprints in person - we’ve been working remotely since 2004!</li>
<li>Personal learning and development budget of USD 2,000 per year</li>
<li>Annual compensation review</li>
<li>Recognition rewards</li>
<li>Annual holiday leave</li>
<li>Maternity and paternity leave</li>
<li>Employee Assistance Programme</li>
<li>Opportunity to travel to new locations to meet colleagues from your team and others</li>
<li>Priority Pass for travel</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>About Canonical</strong></p>
<p>Canonical is a pioneering tech firm at the forefront of the global move to open source. As the company that publishes Ubuntu, one of the most important open source projects and the platform for AI, IoT and the cloud, we are changing the world of software. We recruit on a global basis and set a very high standard for people joining the company. We expect excellence - in order to succeed, we need to be the best at what we do. Most colleagues at Canonical have worked from home since its inception in 2004.​ Working here is a step into the future, and will challenge you to think differently, work smarter, learn new skills, and raise your game.</p>
<p><strong>Canonical is an equal opportunity employer</strong></p>
<p>We are proud to foster a workplace free from discrimination. Diversity of experience, perspectives, and background create a better work environment and better products. <a href="https://canonical.com/careers/diversity/identity">Whatever your identity, we will give your application fair consideration.</a></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>#LI-remote&nbsp;</p>