<div class="content-intro"><p>Celonis is the global leader in Process Intelligence and the pioneer of Process Mining technology. As one of the world’s fastest-growing enterprise SaaS companies, we are changemakers pushing the boundaries of what’s possible. We invest heavily in advanced AI capabilities—specifically our Process Intelligence Graph—to turn data insights into immediate business action. We believe there is a massive opportunity to unlock global productivity and sustainability by placing intelligence at the core of every business process. Join our mission to make processes work for people, companies, and the planet.</p></div><p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>The Role:</strong></p>
<p>We are looking for a curious, smart, and “learn it all” Architect with proven experience and a passion for designing transformative solution architectures for our prospects and customers. This high-impact role demands a unique blend of deep technical expertise and executive presence, requiring you to confidently present to <strong>C-level executives</strong> and translate their strategic goals into actionable technical plans. You will work with technical teams at our prospects and customers to design architectures that drive <strong>enterprise modernization</strong>, leveraging techniques like <strong>capability mapping</strong> and exploring innovative solutions with <strong>Agentic AI</strong>.</p>
<p>Your primary goal is to support our growing sales team in achieving revenue goals by unlocking technical blockers and partnering closely with our Sales, Value Engineering, Product Management, Data Ops, and Information Security teams. You will be responsible for supporting engagements with new prospects as well as existing customers that look to expand their footprint. Measures of success include new customer acquisition rates, retention, up-selling, and contribution to overall sales team and business success.</p>
<p><strong>The work you’ll do:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Lead and define the overall architecture, data, and cloud strategy for our largest client accounts, leveraging expertise like <strong>enterprise modernization</strong> and <strong>capability mapping</strong>.</li>
<li>Confidently engage with and present to customer <strong>C-level executives</strong>, aligning their strategic objectives with the Celonis technical strategy.</li>
<li>Drive innovation by identifying and architecting solutions that leverage emergent technologies, including <strong>Agentic AI</strong>.</li>
<li>Be the bridge between our product &amp; engineering teams within Celonis and the client's teams to provide the best technical services.</li>
<li>Assess the IT landscape maturity of our customer installed base for the region.</li>
<li>Participate in pre-Sales and post-Sales phases by engaging with customer Architecture and security teams.</li>
<li>Coach and guide Celonis consulting teams and ecosystem partners on technical implementation issues such as architecture, integration, performance, and scalability.</li>
<li>Develop re-usable assets for the consulting teams on projects.</li>
<li>Develop customer-facing position papers, assets, and thought leadership presentations on architecture and innovation with Celonis.</li>
<li>Create technical designs and presentations for internal and client stakeholders.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>The qualifications you need:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>10 to 15 years of relevant experience (e.g., Software vendor Architect, CTO at a top consulting firm, or Enterprise Architect at a customer).</li>
<li>Proven ability to <strong>think strategically</strong>, connecting technical solutions to business value and customer objectives.</li>
<li>Excellent written and verbal communication skills, with a proven track record of <strong>presenting complex technical concepts</strong> and strategic visions to <strong>C-level executives</strong>.</li>
<li>Demonstrated experience in <strong>Capability Mapping</strong>, <strong>Enterprise Modernization</strong>, and a strong understanding of <strong>Agentic AI</strong></li>
<li>Strong understanding of cloud-native architectures, SaaS solutions, ERP (<strong>SAP</strong> Salesforce, Dynamics CRM, ServiceNow), cybersecurity posture fundamentals, API ecosystems, along with legacy on-premise enterprise architectures.</li>
<li>Strong background in Data Architecture, Integrations patterns, and a development background in data-related languages (SQL, Python, etc.)</li>
<li>Strong technical background with a focus on system integrations, data operations, and automation capabilities.</li>
<li>The ability to comfortably switch from explaining an architecture diagram to an environment where you have coded or assembled a demo of that architecture.</li>
<li>MSc degree in Computer Science or an equivalent in an Information Technology-related field.</li>
<li>Fluency in&nbsp;English is required; an additional language such as Spanish, German, French or Italian is a strong advantage.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Additional qualifications preferred:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Celonis Certifications and Experience with OCPM and Case Centric Data Pipelines.</li>
<li>AWS/Azure/GCP Certifications.</li>
<li>ESB / ETL Certifications (Mulesoft, Oracle, SAP, Talend, Informatica).</li>
<li>TOGAF/Zachmann Certification.</li>
<li>Experience in at least two domains among: Finance, Manufacturing, Supply Chain, Customer/Consumer Management (Service, Order Management, Sales), HR, Procurement.</li>
<li>Experience in at least two industries among: Consumer Goods, Banking, Pharma, Aerospace, Telco, Transport.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>What Celonis can offer you:</strong></p>
<ul class="p-rich\_text\_list p-rich\_text\_list\_\_bullet p-rich\_text\_list--nested" data-stringify-type="unordered-list" data-list-tree="true" data-indent="0" data-border="0">
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Pioneer Innovation:</span> Work with the global leader in Process Mining and the Process Intelligence Graph to shape the future of AI-driven business operations.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Ownership from Day 1:</span> Every full-time "Celonaut" is an owner, receiving Restricted Stock Units (RSUs) and merit-based refresh grants.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Unrivaled Family Support:</span> Benefit from our inclusive parental leave policy—24 weeks of fully paid leave for primary carers and 12 weeks for supporting carers, available from your first day of employment.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Work-Life Integration:</span> Enjoy Unlimited PTO (in applicable regions) and generous PTO globally, as well as a flexible hybrid work model that balances remote focus with vibrant office collaboration.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Continuous Growth:</span> Elevate your skills through our 70-20-10 learning framework, mentorship programs, and access to a dedicated learning platform.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Holistic Well-being:</span> Prioritize your health with subsidized Wellhub memberships, mental health counseling, and dedicated "Wellness Weeks" that prioritize work/life balance.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Drive Sustainability:</span> Participate in annual Impact Days, where you receive paid time off to volunteer for community and environmental causes with your local office, or virtually.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Global Inclusion &amp; Belonging:</span> Find community through our Inclusion Think Tank and participate in our annual Inclusion Days, ensuring every voice is heard and valued.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Value-Driven Impact:</span> Join a mission-led organization where our core values—Live for Customer Value, The Best Team Wins, We Own It, and Earth Is Our Future—drive every decision.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>About Us:</strong></p>
<p>Celonis makes processes work — for people, companies, and the planet. Powered by process mining and AI, the Celonis Process Intelligence Platform integrates process data and business context to create a living digital twin of business operations. We enable thousands of companies worldwide to understand how their business actually runs and, together with their partners, build intelligent solutions that transform and continuously improve the way they operate — unlocking billions in value. Celonis is headquartered in Munich, Germany, and New York City, USA, with more than 20 offices worldwide.</p>
<p><br>Get familiar with the Celonis Process Intelligence Platform by watching this <a href="https://academy.celonis.com/learn/video/discover-the-ems">video</a>.</p>
<p><strong>Celonis Inclusion Statement:</strong></p>
<p>At Celonis, we believe our people make us who we are and that “The Best Team Wins”. We know that the best teams are made up of people who bring different perspectives to the table. And when everyone feels included, able to speak up and knows their voice is heard - that's when creativity and innovation happen.<strong><br></strong></p>
<p><strong>Your Privacy:</strong></p>
<p>Any information you submit to Celonis as part of your application will be processed in accordance with Celonis’ <a href="https://www.celonis.com/careers/candidate-notices">Accessibility and Candidate Notices</a></p>
<p>By submitting this application, you confirm that you agree to the storing and processing of your personal data by Celonis as described in our <a href="https://www.celonis.com/careers/privacy-notice/">Privacy Notice for the Application and Hiring Process</a>.</p>
<p>Please be aware of common job offer scams, impersonators and frauds. Learn more <a href="https://www.celonis.com/careers/fraud-alert/">here</a>.</p></div>