<p><strong>About the team</strong></p>
<p>SumUp’s Point-of-Sale (POS) solution empowers cafes, shops, bars, hair salons, and other businesses to operate efficiently and grow. It offers a wide range of features, including product catalogs, inventory management, business analytics, compliance support, and loyalty tools.</p>
<p>Our POS solution integrates seamlessly into the SumUp SuperApp, which supports both our proprietary register hardware and mobile devices like tablets and phones.</p>
<p>As a <strong>Senior Android Developer</strong>, you’ll collaborate with a dynamic, cross-functional team of Product Managers, Product Designers, Engineering Managers, and fellow engineers.</p>
<p><strong>About the role</strong></p>
<p>We’re evolving toward a Kotlin Multiplatform (KMP) strategy, enabling shared development across Android and iOS. In this role, you’ll learn, refine, and help implement this technology, shaping the future of our mobile apps.</p>
<p>You’re a developer who values user-centric design, precision, and seamless collaboration. You bring structure to communication and thrive in a cross-functional environment.&nbsp;</p>
<p>This role will be a B2B based role in Warsaw.</p>
<p><strong>What you’ll do</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Build new features for the item catalog within the SumUp SuperApp</li>
<li>Help improve the architecture of the application and contribute to our Kotlin Multiplatform strategy</li>
<li>Enhance and maintain our unified android app, distributed across 60+ countries, ensuring high-quality, scalable solutions</li>
<li>Shape the product’s evolution by identifying opportunities for improvement and contributing to daily decision-making</li>
<li>Write thorough documentation and implement robust testing for features before shipping</li>
<li>Collaborate closely with Designer, Product Manager and Android engineers to deliver a unified UX experience across platforms</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>You’ll thrive in this role if:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>You have&nbsp;<strong>8</strong><strong>+ years experience </strong>in mobile engineering with <strong>Android and Kotlin.</strong></li>
<li>You have <strong>2+ years of experience</strong> working with <strong>Jetpack Compose.</strong></li>
<li>You have a <strong>solid understanding of software design patterns</strong> (e.g., MVVM, MVI) and expertise in building modular, scalable app architectures.</li>
<li>You have<strong> good knowledge of reactive programming </strong>(Flow, Coroutines and Concurrency).</li>
<li>You have a <strong>strong grasp of testing </strong>best practices: knowing what to test, why, and how to write resilient tests.</li>
<li>You <strong>strive for clean code,</strong> and you are flexible to <strong>balance pragmatism and perfection.</strong></li>
<li>You have a <strong>keen interest </strong>in multi-platform development using<strong> Kotlin Multiplatform.</strong></li>
</ul>
<h2><span style="font-size: 10pt;"><strong>Why You Should Join SumUp (Warsaw) 🇵🇱</strong></span></h2>
<p>🌎 Opportunity to work , from our vibrant Warsaw office with inspiring art-filled lounges and a skyline terrace in the Mennica Legacy Tower.&nbsp;</p>
<p>🌈 Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion: be part of a workplace that values and promotes diversity, fostering an inclusive environment where everyone's perspectives are respected and embraced&nbsp;</p>
<p>🚀 Enrolment onto our VSOP program: you will own a stake in SumUp’s future success&nbsp;</p>
<p>🚴 Fitness support: work out on-site at our gym or explore the city using the Multisport Card, subsidised by SumUp for access to sports facilities across Warsaw&nbsp;</p>
<p>🩺 Commitment to well-being: access health insurance coverage for you and your family, plus life insurance to further protect your peace of mind&nbsp;</p>
<p>💰 PPK (Employee Capital Plan): grow your savings with joint contributions from SumUp and the State.&nbsp;</p>
<p>🏖️ Generous time off: enjoy 26 days of paid leave plus public holidays and special leave days 🌴 Break4me: 1-month sabbatical after 3 years of service&nbsp;</p>
<p>🔗 Referral Bonus: earn additional rewards by referring talented individuals to join the SumUp team</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>Job Application Tip</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We recognise that candidates feel they need to meet 100% of the job criteria in order to apply for a job. Please note that this is only a guide. If you don’t tick every box, it’s ok too because it means you have room to learn and develop your career at SumUp.</span></p></div>