<div class="content-intro"><div>
<div>
<div class="gmail\_quote">
<div>
<div><span id="m\_1770241969069985273m\_-2746164444908759431gmail-docs-internal-guid-131e4fb0-7fff-b4e9-ff50-e8cf32449b1b">CoreWeave is The Essential Cloud for AI™. Built for pioneers by pioneers, CoreWeave delivers a platform of technology, tools, and teams that enables innovators to build and scale AI with confidence. Trusted by leading AI labs, startups, and global enterprises, CoreWeave combines superior infrastructure performance with deep technical expertise to accelerate breakthroughs and turn compute into capability. Founded in 2017, CoreWeave became a publicly traded company (Nasdaq: CRWV) in March 2025. Learn more at&nbsp;<a href="http://www.coreweave.com/" target="\_blank" data-saferedirecturl="https://www.google.com/url?q=http://www.coreweave.com&amp;source=gmail&amp;ust=1762613132717000&amp;usg=AOvVaw3D-UOhNaqEvF5BEWxjYyAU">www.coreweave.com</a>.</span></div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div></div><h2 data-start="113" data-end="172"><strong data-start="113" data-end="172">Not Sure Which Data Center Location You’d Like to Join?</strong></h2>
<p>We’re constantly opening new data centers and expanding our teams, so flexibility or uncertainty around location is completely okay.</p>
<p>We’re always excited to connect with people who are passionate about data center operations, hardware, and infrastructure. This interest form is for individuals who would like to be considered for future or upcoming Data Center Technician opportunities at CoreWeave.</p>
<p>If you enjoy hands-on technical work, problem-solving, and being part of a fast-growing environment, we’d love to learn more about you.</p>
<h2><strong>What You’ll Do:</strong></h2>
<p>Data Center Technicians at CoreWeave play a key role in ensuring the availability, reliability, and performance of our data center operations. Depending on team needs, responsibilities may include:</p>
<ul>
<li>Supporting day-to-day data center operations to meet defined service levels</li>
<li>Performing hardware and network diagnostics, troubleshooting, and physical repairs</li>
<li>Participating in root cause analysis for hardware and software issues</li>
<li>Assembling, installing, and maintaining equipment</li>
<li>Maintaining inventory and test/tool equipment</li>
<li>Developing or contributing to documentation and internal training</li>
<li>Providing technical support to data center teams</li>
<li>Writing or using scripts to update server and networking hardware</li>
<li>Participating in an on-call rotation and providing after-hours support as needed</li>
<li>Occasional travel to other data center locations</li>
</ul>
<p>This is a salaried, <strong>fully onsite</strong> role at one of our data center locations.</p>
<h2><strong>About the role:</strong></h2>
<p>You don’t need to check every box to express interest. Many successful candidates bring a mix of hands-on experience, education, and curiosity to learn.</p>
<ul>
<li>Computer Hardware experience (troubleshooting, assembling)</li>
<li>Linux Operating System experience</li>
<li>All physical requirements are expected with reasonable accommodations</li>
<li>Candidates should be able to lift up to 50 lbs and/or work in elevated locations</li>
<li>Ability to work in an environment that operates 24/7 with an ability to participate in on-call rotation and provide after-hours support as needed</li>
<li>Excellent time management, organizational, and communication skills</li>
<li>Must be able to prioritize tasks and react quickly to issues</li>
</ul>
<h2 data-prosemirror-content-type="node" data-prosemirror-node-name="paragraph" data-prosemirror-node-block="true" data-pm-slice="1 1 [&quot;layoutSection&quot;,{&quot;columnRuleStyle&quot;:null,&quot;localId&quot;:null},&quot;layoutColumn&quot;,{&quot;width&quot;:66.66,&quot;localId&quot;:null}]"><strong data-prosemirror-content-type="mark" data-prosemirror-mark-name="strong">Who You Are:</strong></h2>
<p>Hands-on OR education-based experience with any of the following areas:</p>
<ul>
<li>Computer Hardware, including troubleshooting and repair skills experience</li>
<li>Data Center experience</li>
<li>Computer Networking experience</li>
<li>Python, Bash, or other scripting languages experience</li>
<li>Experience with Cisco IOS and/or Juniper JunOS</li>
<li>An Associate's Degree or equivalent experience in an IT-related field</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Why CoreWeave?</strong></h2>
<p>At CoreWeave, we work hard, have fun, and move fast!&nbsp; We’re in an exciting stage of hyper-growth that you will not want to miss out on. We’re not afraid of a little chaos, and we’re constantly learning. Our team cares deeply about how we build our product and how we work together, which is represented through our core values:&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>Be Curious at Your Core</li>
<li>Act Like an Owner</li>
<li>Empower Employees</li>
<li>Deliver Best-in-Class Client Experiences</li>
<li>Achieve More Together</li>
</ul>
<p>We support and encourage an entrepreneurial outlook and independent thinking. We foster an environment that encourages collaboration and enables the development of innovative solutions to complex problems. As we get set for takeoff, the organization's growth opportunities are constantly expanding. You will be surrounded by some of the best talent in the industry, who will want to learn from you, too. Come join us!&nbsp;&nbsp;</p>
<p>The base salary range for this role is $65,000 to $85,000. The starting salary will be determined by job-related knowledge, skills, experience, and the market location. We strive for both market alignment and internal equity when determining compensation. In addition to base salary, our total rewards package includes a discretionary bonus, equity awards, and a comprehensive benefits program (all based on eligibility).</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>What We Offer</strong></p>
<p>The range we’ve posted represents the typical compensation range for this role. To determine actual compensation, we review the market rate for each candidate which can include a variety of factors. These include qualifications, experience, interview performance, and location.</p>
<p>In addition to a competitive salary, we offer a variety of benefits to support your needs, including:</p>
<ul>
<li>Medical, dental, and vision insurance - 100% paid for by CoreWeave</li>
<li>Company-paid Life Insurance&nbsp;</li>
<li>Voluntary supplemental life insurance&nbsp;</li>
<li>Short and long-term disability insurance&nbsp;</li>
<li>Flexible Spending Account</li>
<li>Health Savings Account</li>
<li>Tuition Reimbursement&nbsp;</li>
<li>Ability to Participate in Employee Stock Purchase Program (ESPP)</li>
<li>Mental Wellness Benefits through Spring Health&nbsp;</li>
<li>Family-Forming support provided by Carrot</li>
<li>Paid Parental Leave&nbsp;</li>
<li>Flexible, full-service childcare support with Kinside</li>
<li>401(k) with a generous employer match</li>
<li>Flexible PTO</li>
<li>Catered lunch each day in our office and data center locations</li>
<li>A casual work environment</li>
<li>A work culture focused on innovative disruption</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Our Workplace</strong></p>
<p>While we prioritize a hybrid work environment, remote work may be considered for candidates located more than 30 miles from an office, based on role requirements for specialized skill sets. New hires will be invited to attend onboarding at one of our hubs within their first month. Teams also gather quarterly to support collaboration.</p>
<p><a href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1gPBRBhUNAMBmj7Yn4\_M-hCugm7ZJD4hr/view?usp=sharing" target="\_blank">California Consumer Privacy Act </a>- California applicants only</p>
<p><em>CoreWeave is an equal opportunity employer, committed to fostering an inclusive and supportive workplace. All qualified applicants and candidates will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, disability, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, veteran status, or genetic information.</em></p>
<p><em>As part of this commitment and consistent with the </em><a href="https://www.eeoc.gov/laws/guidance/fact-sheet-disability-discrimination" target="\_blank"><em>Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA)</em></a><em>, CoreWeave will ensure that qualified applicants and candidates with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodations for the hiring process, unless such accommodation would cause an undue hardship. If reasonable accommodation is needed, please contact: <a href="mailto:careers@coreweave.com">careers@coreweave.com</a>.</em></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Export Control Compliance</strong></p>
<p>This position requires access to export controlled information. &nbsp;To conform to U.S. Government export regulations applicable to that information, applicant must either be (A) a U.S. person, defined as a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful permanent resident (green card holder), (iii) refugee under 8 U.S.C. § 1157, or (iv) asylee under 8 U.S.C. § 1158, (B) eligible to access the export controlled information without a required export authorization, or (C) eligible and reasonably likely to obtain the required export authorization from the applicable U.S. government agency. &nbsp;CoreWeave may, for legitimate business reasons, decline to pursue any export licensing process.</p></div>