<div class="content-intro"><h2><span data-sheets-root="1">About Wolt</span></h2>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">At Wolt, we create technology that brings joy, simplicity and earnings to the neighborhoods of the world. In 2014 we started with delivery of restaurant food. Now we’re building the delivery of (almost) everything and you’ll find us in over 500 cities in 30 countries around the world. In 2022 we joined forces with DoorDash and together we keep on dreaming big and expanding across the globe.<br><br>Working at Wolt isn’t always easy, but it’s definitely exciting. Here you’ll learn more, build more, and ship more than in most other companies. You’ll be challenged a lot, but also have a lot of fun on the way. So, if you’re a self-starter with drive and entrepreneurial spirit, this could be the ride of your life.</span></p></div><p><em>Are you looking to further develop a career in B2B sales and to be a part of a business within a business? If you’re self-driven with a commercial mindset and a high level of ownership, then this might be your perfect next step at Wolt!</em></p>
<p>Wolt for Work is a rapidly growing B2B business at Wolt, and we have ambitious plans to accelerate this growth and take our Product to the next level. Our mission is simple: we want to become the premium employee benefits platform for all companies throughout Czechia and Slovakia! Through Wolt’s established delivery network and vast number of restaurant and retail partners, Wolt for Work enables businesses to boost their employees’ happiness no matter where they are working, promote camaraderie in teams, and save time and effort running office events.</p>
<p>We are now looking for a hands-on Account Manager to join us on this journey of accelerating Wolt for Work’s growth further!</p>
<h2>What you’ll be doing</h2>
<p>In this role, you will be responsible for building and maintaining strong, long-lasting relationships with Wolt for Work clients. This role involves ensuring the delivery of exceptional service to clients while working closely with the manager &amp; internal teams to meet the clients’ needs. We are growing fast, so we also expect you to grow with us, taking ownership of a variety of strategic and operational responsibilities as we expand.</p>
<p>Moreover, you will have the opportunity to showcase your entrepreneurial flair and collaborate across several teams/functions, including our product, merchant, and marketing teams, to build a winning proposition. We have a great base to start from; your focus will be to help us build upon and scale this in the local and regional markets.</p>
<h3><strong>Day-to-day in this role you’ll:</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>You will be responsible for the growth, reactive and proactive account management, development, and retention of Wolt for Work’s client portfolio, thus constantly raising the bar in how we partner with our clients.</li>
<li>Relationship Management: Build and maintain relationships with prospective clients, partners, and key stakeholders. Attend conferences, industry events, and meetings to network and promote the company.</li>
<li>Support the Business Development Manager in required tasks to help in achieving the company goals.</li>
<li>Serving as the clients’ trusted advisor, helping them onboard and use our products, as well as problem-solving according to their needs.</li>
<li>Account Growth &amp; Upselling: Identify new business opportunities within existing accounts by understanding the client’s evolving needs and business goals. Develop and implement strategies to upsell products or services, increasing the value of each account.</li>
<li>Client Retention &amp; Satisfaction: Ensure clients are satisfied with products or services, handling any issues or concerns to provide timely solutions. Conduct regular check-ins and performance reviews to ensure client expectations are being met and exceeded.</li>
<li>Develop client NPS, collect positive testimonials, and reduce churn</li>
<li>Performance Monitoring: Track key accounts' performance using relevant KPIs (Key Performance Indicators) to ensure goals are met. Prepare reports on key account metrics, progress, and outcomes, presenting findings to senior management.</li>
<li>As our business grows, we are rolling out new features that could be beneficial to our clients- you will be the one to decide how our clients can benefit from them to fulfill the potential of our platforms.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<h2>Our humble expectations&nbsp;</h2>
<ul>
<li><strong>Account Management</strong> Experience: 4+ years of experience in account management within B2B or enterprise fields. Demonstrated ability to anticipate client needs, proactively address potential issues, and consistently deliver added value.</li>
<li><strong>Strong sales skills</strong>, including identifying upselling and cross-selling opportunities to maximize revenue growth within existing accounts. Ability to build strong relationships and tailor the company’s offerings based on specific client needs and business parameters.</li>
<li><strong>Analytical Skills</strong>: Excellent analytical ability to translate data into actionable strategies. Comfortable with analyzing sales metrics and producing relevant KPIs to improve performance and decision-making.</li>
<li>Attitude: Natural tendency for ownership with a get-stuff-done, entrepreneurial attitude.</li>
<li>Communication &amp; Presentation: Excellent communication and presentation skills. Ability to collaborate effectively with global and local teams.</li>
<li>Languages:<strong> Czech </strong>and English.</li>
<li>Team Player - growing is something that we do together as a team - we value teamwork and knowledge sharing in order to achieve our goals.</li>
</ul>
<h2>Why you’ll love it</h2>
<ul>
<li><strong>🚀Global and growing fast: </strong>Be part of a fast-moving scaleup</li>
<li><strong>🤩Ride of a lifetime: </strong>Accelerate your career and build your sales skills&nbsp;</li>
<li><strong>💪Instant impact: </strong>Take ownership and make a difference</li>
<li><strong>💙Big hearts and small egos: </strong>Surround yourself with smart, friendly people</li>
</ul>
<h2>Next steps</h2>
<p><a href="https://explore.wolt.com/en/pol/wolt-for-work"><strong>Learn more</strong></a><strong> about Wolt for Work.</strong></p>
<p>If you are excited about working in a high-growth environment, taking ownership, and being part of an extremely ambitious team, then click below to apply, make sure to add your CV and get the conversation going!&nbsp;</p>
<p>We will be reviewing applications on an ongoing basis. If this sounds like an opportunity you want to pursue, apply today!&nbsp; 💙</p>
<p><iframe src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/GoL541\_xj9w" width="560" height="314"></iframe></p><div class="content-conclusion"><h2><span data-sheets-root="1">Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion</span></h2>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">We’re committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. That’s why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.</span></p></div>