<p>At JetBrains, code is our passion. Ever since we started, back in 2000, we have strived to make the strongest, most effective developer tools on earth. By automating routine checks and corrections, our tools speed up production, freeing developers to grow, discover, and create.</p>
<p>We’re always growing at JetBrains, and we love welcoming thoughtful and motivated people to the team. Finding great talent genuinely excites us.</p>
<p>Our Recruitment team is warm, open-minded, and adventurous – and we’re looking for a smart, curious Talent Sourcer to join us.&nbsp;</p>
<p>With a highly specialized talent pool, discovering exceptional candidates becomes an art. That’s where you come in. As a Talent Sourcer, you’ll play a key role in bringing the right expertise to our teams and helping us shape the future of JetBrains.</p>
<p><strong>As part of the team, you will:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Collaborate closely with the Recruitment team and hiring managers to identify, engage, and attract the best candidates.</li>
<li>Create and oversee a sourcing strategy.</li>
<li>Build talent pools and pipelines by sourcing across different channels.</li>
<li>Provide a positive recruitment experience, keeping communication timely and transparent.</li>
<li>Ensure data in the internal recruitment system is accurate, complete, and up to date.</li>
<li>Share your knowledge and market findings with your colleagues.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>We’d love to hear from you if you:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Have proven experience in sourcing or talent research.</li>
<li>Are a candidate experience ambassador.</li>
<li>Have the ability to communicate with candidates clearly and transparently throughout the hiring process&nbsp;</li>
<li>Are driven to build long-term relationships with candidates.</li>
<li>Have experience creating the sourcing strategy for different roles and multiple locations.</li>
<li>Are passionate about identifying and engaging exceptional candidates, and can do so with creativity and determination.</li>
<li>Have a solid understanding of the IT market or another highly skilled industry and know how to spot the best candidates within it.</li>
<li>Love digging into professional networks and databases and taking a creative, resourceful approach to sourcing great talent.</li>
<li>Can communicate fluently in English, both with candidates and internal teams.</li>
<li>Have experience working in global or international environments, ideally with a focus on European markets.</li>
<li>Have experience with diversity sourcing programs.</li>
<li>Thrive within a collaborative, innovative team environment.</li>
</ul>
<p><br><br><span style="color: rgb(255, 255, 255);">#LI-REMOTE </span></p>
<p><span style="color: rgb(255, 255, 255);">#LI-MH1</span></p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>We are an equal opportunity employer</strong><br><br>We know great ideas can come from anyone, anywhere. That’s why we do our best to create an open and inclusive workplace – one that welcomes everyone regardless of their background, identity, religion, age, accessibility needs, or orientation.</p>
<p><em data-stringify-type="italic">We process the data provided in your job application in accordance with the <a href="https://www.jetbrains.com/legal/docs/privacy/privacy-recruitment/">Recruitment Privacy Policy.</a></em></p></div>