Pioneer of online flash sales since 2001 and key player in European e-commerce, **Veepee** collaborates with over 7,000 brands to offer highly discounted products available for a limited time. Operating across various sectors, including fashion, home, wine, travel or beauty... Veepee achieved a turnover of 3.3 billion euros incl. VAT in 2024 and employs 5,000 staff members across 10 countries.

## 📄 JOB DESCRIPTION

Today we're looking for a software engineer who will join the brandsplace team.

## 🎯 TASKS

- Develop new and redesign existing features of our products;
- Suggest interfaces and other possible improvements that might be done;
- Keep the code clean and review your team members’ designs if needed;
- Ensure the reliability and scalability of developed applications;
- Respect the production deadlines;
- Review  the legacy code in order to avoid production bugs;
- Write technical documentation;
- Handle the technical interviews with other developers willing to join <veepeeTech/>.

## 👉 MUST HAVE skills

- 5+ years of experience in software development;
- Hands-on experience with C# and .Net Core;
- Proficiency with SQL and NoSQL (MongoDB & Postgresql) databases;
- You are familiar with cloud programming tools and willing to extend your knowledge;
- You assure the quality of your code with unit and integration tests;
- You have experience in building APIs or other web services;
- You are fluent in English;
- You are an agile follower and open source contributor;
- You have experience coordinating small teams of developers;
- You are result and product-oriented.

## 👉 NICE TO HAVE skills

- Experience with Javascript;

## ✅ BENEFITS

- Variable bonus;
- The dynamic and creative environment within international teams;
- The variety of self-education courses on our e-learning platform;
- Participation in meetups and conferences locally and internationally;
- Flexible Office with up to 3 days at home.

## ⚙️RECRUITMENT PROCESS

1️⃣ 30-minute HR Screen with a Veepeeᵀᵉᶜʰ Recruiter

2️⃣ General Technical exchange

3️⃣Technical exchange with a tech lead

4️⃣Team Interview

  
We are convinced that it is up to you to define the way you work, to develop yourself, and to progress. At Veepee we guarantee that you can just be yourself! For the service of diversity and inclusion, Veepee is committed to reviewing all applications received on an equal basis.    
  
🔗COMPANY   
For more information about our ecosystem:  <https://careers.veepee.com/en/home-page-en/>

**❓ WHO WE ARE**

*Veepeeᵀᵉᶜʰ is a tech community of 500 collaborators who play a key role in Veepee’s innovative strategy.*

*From Warsaw to Sevilla, through Brussels, Amsterdam, Paris, Lyon, Nantes, Nice, Barcelona, Madrid and Lausanne all our projects are developed in an agile environment with a wide skills variety where you’ll be sure to find your place, no matter the technology you work with.*

*If you love to try things why don’t you jump on this new adventure?*

Need more info > <https://careers.veepee.com/en/>

Vente-privee.com processes the collected data to handle the recruitment process, and to evaluate your ability to carry out the job offered and your professional skills. You can learn more about our use of your data and your rights by reading our [recruiting privacy policy](https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vQp18-SykzoTwEfiFm9XDKEI7ztTVpK0Xti4Z0j_PnHn69s5BnemTepLfsbIid-CQ/pub?lsrp=1).