<p>
  <strong>Headquarters:</strong> New York, NY
    <br /><strong>URL:</strong> <a href="https://lemon.io">https://lemon.io</a>
</p>

<p>Are you a talented Senior DevOps looking for a remote job that lets you show your skills and get decent compensation? Look no further than <a href="https://lemon.io/for-developers/?utm_source=weworkremotely&amp;utm_medium=job_ad&amp;utm_campaign=supply_en_devops_apr_2026_job_ad">Lemon.io</a> — the marketplace that connects you with hand-picked startups in the US and Europe.</p>
<p><strong>What we offer:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>The rate depends on your seniority level, skills and experience. We've already paid out over $11M to our engineers.</li>
<li>No more hunting for clients or negotiating rates — let us handle the business side of things so you can focus on what you do best.</li>
<li>We'll manually find the best project for you according to your skills and preferences.</li>
<li>Choose a schedule that works best for you. It’s possible to communicate async or minimally overlap within team working hours.</li>
<li>We respect your seniority so you can expect no micromanagement or screen trackers.</li>
<li>Communicate directly with the clients. Most of them have technical backgrounds. Sounds good, yeah?</li>
<li>We will support you from the time you submit the application throughout all cooperation stages.</li>
<li>Most of our projects involve working in a fast-paced startup environment. We hope you like it as much as we do.</li>
<li>Through our community, we will connect you with the best developers from more than 71 countries.</li>
</ul>
<p>We have several openings for Senior DevOps Engineers, with two types of requirements.</p>
<p><strong>Requirements – DevOps with Azure DevOps:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>4+ years of experience as a DevOps Engineer</li>
<li>At least 3 years of experience with Azure DevOps</li>
<li>Experience in at least 2 commercial projects using Microsoft Azure is required</li>
<li>Familiarity with network administration, infrastructure provisioning, and OS administration is a huge plus</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Requirements – DevOps with AWS/GCP/SQL:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>
<p>4+ years of experience as a DevOps Engineer</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>At least 3 years of experience with AWS, GCP, or SQL</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>At least 3 years of commercial experience with Python</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Familiarity with network administration, infrastructure provisioning, and OS administration is a huge plus</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Strong technical skills: as a Senior DevOps, you are expected to be able to create projects from scratch and have a deep understanding of application architecture.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Clear and effective communication in English — advanced ability to discuss business tasks, justify decisions, and communicate issues. Good self-presentation is also essential for upcoming client calls.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Strong self-organizational skills — ability to work full-time remotely with no supervision.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Reliability — we want to trust you and expect that you won’t let us and the client down.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Adaptability and Flexibility — the ability to onboard the project promptly after accepting it and start delivering results quickly.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p>Sounds good for you? Apply now and join the <a href="https://lemon.io/for-developers/?utm_source=weworkremotely&amp;utm_medium=job_ad&amp;utm_campaign=supply_en_devops_apr_2026_job_ad">Lemon.io</a> community!</p>
<p><strong>NOT YOUR TECH STACK?</strong></p>
<p>We have multiple projects available for Senior Developers. If you have 4+ years of commercial software development experience and are proficient in any of the following areas:&nbsp;React &amp; Python, React &amp; Node, React &amp; Ruby, PHP &amp; Angular, PHP &amp; Vue, Vue &amp; Node.js, React &amp; .NET, Android &amp; iOS, Angular &amp; .NET, Angular &amp; Node.js, Vue &amp; .NET, Python &amp; Vue, MLOps, React &amp; Java, Data Science, Blockchain (Web3/Solidity/Solana), Symfony &amp; React, Symfony &amp; Vue, Symfony &amp; Angular, Symfony &amp; JavaScript &amp; Next.js &amp; TypeScript, Data Analysis, React &amp; PHP, Data Engineering, AI Engineering, Data Annotation, React &amp; Golang, Svelte &amp; Python, Svelte &amp; Node, Svelte &amp; TypeScript, Rust, Golang, Shopify &amp; JavaScript, Vue &amp; Nuxt, Python &amp; Node, Angular &amp; TypeScript, Ruby &amp; Ruby on Rails, React Native &amp; Ruby, React Native &amp; Python, PHP &amp; Laravel, .NET &amp; C#, Java &amp; Spring, Unreal Engine &amp; C++, Python &amp; LLM, Unity, Machine Learning Engineering, Python &amp; Flask&nbsp;— we’d be happy to connect and match you with a suitable project.</p>
<p><strong>If your experience matches our requirements, be ready for the next steps:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>VideoAsk — watch a short video about our startup, up to 10 minutes</li>
<li>Complete your profile on our website</li>
<li>Intro call</li>
<li>Technical interview</li>
<li>Feedback</li>
<li>Magic Box (we are looking for the best project for you).</li>
</ul>
<p>We do not provide visa assistance, and our cooperation model does not include the benefits typically offered with direct hire.</p>
<p>P.S. <strong>We work with developers from 71+ countries in different regions:</strong> Europe, LATAM, the U.S (if you are an owner of W-9 ben form), Canada, Asia (Japan, Singapore, South Korea, Philippines, Indonesia), Oceania (Australia, New Zealand, Papua New Guinea), and the the UK. However, we have some exceptions.</p>
<p><strong>At the moment, we don’t have a legal basis to accept applicants from the following countries:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>European: Hungary, Iceland, Liechtenstein, Kosovo, Belarus, Russia, and Serbia.</li>
<li>Latin America: Cuba and Nicaragua</li>
<li>Most Asian countries and Africa.</li>
</ul>
<p>We expand and shorten the list of exemptions regularly.</p>
<p>We do not provide visa assistance, and our cooperation model does not include the benefits typically offered with direct hire.</p>
<p>Do you represent a company with engineers who match the description and want to collaborate with us through staff augmentation? Then register <a href="https://lemon.io/for-developers/?utm_source=weworkremotely&amp;utm_medium=job_ad&amp;utm_campaign=supply_en_devops_apr_2026_job_ad">here</a>.</p>

<p><strong>To apply:</strong> <a href="https://weworkremotely.com/remote-jobs/lemon-io-senior-devops-engineer-2">https://weworkremotely.com/remote-jobs/lemon-io-senior-devops-engineer-2</a></p>