<p><strong><span style="text-decoration: underline;">About The Team:</span></strong><br>The Fleet Supervisor plays a pivotal role in ensuring the seamless execution of day to day home delivery operations via multiple Delivery Service Partners (DSPs). This role requires overseeing a number of variables, from ensuring route coverage to maintaining service quality aligned with our promise to customers. The Fleet Supervisor leverages multiple systems, including live tracking, EPOD (Electronic Proof of Delivery) monitoring, and data analysis tools, to identify trends, rectify errors, and improve overall performance. The role will foster strong relationships with DSPs, internal logistics teams, and key stakeholders across the business, keeping our customers at the heart of everything we do. The Fleet Supervisor will exemplify a hands on, problem solving mindset, a commitment to learning and an egoless, collaborative approach while relentlessly prioritising for long term success.</p>
<p><span style="text-decoration: underline;"><strong>What You Will Be Doing:</strong></span></p>
<ul>
<li>Oversee daily delivery operations, ensuring all routes are covered efficiently by DSPs.</li>
<li>Monitor live delivery systems and address any operational challenges in real-time.</li>
<li>Review EPOD images and performance data to ensure service quality aligns with customer expectations.</li>
<li>Escalate unresolved or critical issues to appropriate DSPs or internal management.</li>
<li>Identify, analyse, and implement solutions for recurring operational challenges.</li>
<li>Use data tools (e.g., Excel, SQL) to analyse trends, identify errors, and uncover opportunities for improvement.</li>
<li>Prepare and present regular performance reports, highlighting key insights and actionable recommendations.</li>
<li>Maintain cost awareness in all operational decision-making and improvement initiatives.</li>
</ul>
<p><span style="text-decoration: underline;"><strong>Who You Are:</strong></span></p>
<ul>
<li>Experience in home delivery operations or a similar logistics role.</li>
<li>Demonstrated ability to manage day-to-day operations with multiple variables.</li>
<li>Exceptional organisational and time management skills.</li>
<li>Proficiency in data analysis tools (e.g., Excel, Google Sheets).</li>
<li>Strong analytical and problem-solving skills.</li>
<li>Strong ability to build partnerships with internal and external stakeholders.</li>
<li>Excellent relationship management and communication abilities.</li>
<li>Proven experience in team management.</li>
</ul>
<p><span style="text-decoration: underline;"><strong>What you will get in return:</strong></span></p>
<ul>
<li>70% off HelloFresh or Green Chef boxes</li>
<li>Company pension scheme</li>
<li>Gym membership</li>
<li>Bupa private medical insurance (including dental &amp; family cover options)</li>
<li>Mental health first aiders and an employee assistance programme</li>
<li>Dog friendly office! (London site only)</li>
<li>Nursery support scheme</li>
<li>Cycle to work scheme</li>
<li>Group Life Assurance</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Location</strong>: HelloFresh,&nbsp;1, Holme Lane, Spondon, Derby DE21 7HW</p>
<p><strong>Shifts:</strong> Any five days out of seven, day shifts, will include at least one weekend day</p>
<p><strong>To be considered for this role, you’ll need to have the independent right to work in the UK, as we're unfortunately unable to provide sponsorship at this time.</strong></p>
<p><strong>Next steps</strong>: Your application will be reviewed and if successful, a member of the Talent Acquisition Team will be in touch within 2 weeks.</p>
<p>You are required to cooperate with HelloFresh in all health and safety matters. You are responsible for ensuring you take reasonable care of your own health, and safety as well as others who may be affected by the work activities you undertake. You must report incidents immediately and actively raise health and safety-related concerns to your Line Manager.&nbsp;As part of our commitment to maintaining a safe and secure environment, we will process Disclosure and Barring Service (<span class="il">DBS</span>) checks to the successful individual. Failure to disclose relevant information at application or throughout the process could affect your employment with the company.&nbsp;</p>
<p>If you are currently a HelloFresh employee, please make sure you have discussed your application with your Line Manager.</p>