<div class="content-intro"><h2><span data-sheets-root="1">About Wolt</span></h2>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">At Wolt, we create technology that brings joy, simplicity and earnings to the neighborhoods of the world. In 2014 we started with delivery of restaurant food. Now we’re building the delivery of (almost) everything and you’ll find us in over 500 cities in 30 countries around the world. In 2022 we joined forces with DoorDash and together we keep on dreaming big and expanding across the globe.<br><br>Working at Wolt isn’t always easy, but it’s definitely exciting. Here you’ll learn more, build more, and ship more than in most other companies. You’ll be challenged a lot, but also have a lot of fun on the way. So, if you’re a self-starter with drive and entrepreneurial spirit, this could be the ride of your life.</span></p></div><h2><strong>Role background</strong></h2>
<p>Wolt is a Finnish technology company and we’re best known for our food delivery platform. Food delivery was just a start, and now we are exploring and expanding our platform with other business verticals in retail and grocery. We’ve grown significantly in the last few years, expanding our operations from just four countries across the Nordics, to 25 countries across Europe and Asia today. And we’re just getting started.</p>
<p>Our Merchant Onboarding team is an important part of the venues’ onboarding journey. This superstar team is helping to get the venues up and running on the platform, and with this continued growth, it means there are more and more restaurants to assist. As such, we need to bring in the team's next superstar! :)</p>
<p>This role requires a solid mix of both communication and organizational skills - you must be structured and detail-oriented on one side, but then also act as a key communicator between our operations team and restaurant partners. Adaptability and a strong service mindset also come naturally to you too.</p>
<h2><strong>What you'll be doing</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Successfully onboard venues onto the Wolt platform and ensure an optimal and speedy process at all times</li>
<li>Build relationships with our venues partners, help them through the onboarding process, and ensure long-term operations success by training them on using our systems and keeping them up to speed on any updates</li>
<li>Ensuring our portfolio of venues reach the highest Wolt service standards by conducting frequent quality and satisfaction checks</li>
<li>Developing our venues partners and their business by using our collected user data</li>
<li>Being responsible for our menu-platform always being up to date with the text and visuals that reflect the Wolt brand</li>
<li>Helping our onboarding team in any other urgent cases</li>
<li>Sharing best practices amongst the onboarding team</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Qualifications</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Excellent interpersonal skills - you will be working with a lot of different people</li>
<li>Experience in support, administration or office management role is a plus</li>
<li>Structured, detailed and service-oriented</li>
<li>Self-starter and a passion for food</li>
<li>Logical problem-solving skills with a bias for action and impact</li>
<li>Excellent written and oral communication skills in Polish and good knowledge of English</li>
</ul>
<p><iframe src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/GoL541\_xj9w" width="560" height="314"></iframe></p>
<h2>Compensation</h2>
<p>The successful candidate’s starting pay will fall within the pay range listed below and is determined based on factors such as the candidate’s skills, experience and qualifications. Please note, that the starting pay may vary if the candidate does not fully meet the expectations as outlined in this job posting.&nbsp;</p>
<p>The salary below is the monthly salary range for this position.&nbsp;</p>
<p>To learn more about our benefits, please do not hesitate to bring this up with our Talent Acquisition Partner!</p>
<div class="job\_\_pay-ranges">
<div class="pay-range">
<p class="body body--medium">Poland Pay Range:</p>
<p class="body">PLN &nbsp;6011 - PLN 7514</p>
</div>
</div><div class="content-conclusion"><h2><span data-sheets-root="1">Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion</span></h2>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">We’re committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. That’s why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.</span></p></div>