<div class="content-intro"><p><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif; font-size: 12pt;">Airbnb was born in 2007 when two hosts welcomed three guests to their San Francisco home, and has since grown to over 5 million hosts who have welcomed over 2 billion guest arrivals in almost every country across the globe. Every day, hosts offer unique stays and experiences that make it possible for guests to connect with communities in a more authentic way.</span></p></div><p><strong>The Community You Will Join:</strong></p>
<p>The<strong> Client Products &amp; Emerging Technology (CP&amp;ET) team</strong> is a global, cross-functional group dedicated to building foundational frameworks and innovative, app-wide features that shape the end-to-end experience for Airbnb’s guests and hosts. You’ll join a collaborative environment that thrives on experimentation, partnership, and continuous learning—working closely with Product, Design, Engineering, and Data partners to deliver impactful solutions across multiple platforms.&nbsp;</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>The Difference You Will Make:</strong></p>
<p>As a member of a diverse and distributed team across the US and China, you’ll be expected to leverage your expertise in <strong>both Frontend and Backend development (Frontend-Heavy)</strong>&nbsp;to play a key role in building foundational frameworks, exploring emerging technologies, driving best practices, and enabling rapid feature rollouts that integrate seamlessly throughout the Airbnb ecosystem.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>A Typical Day:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Collaborate closely with engineers across platforms—including frontend, backend, native (iOS/Android), and infrastructure—to build cohesive solutions.</li>
<li>Work in partnership with cross-functional teams, including Design, Product, and Data Science, to define and deliver impactful outcomes.</li>
<li>Propose and implement robust architectural patterns for high-scale web applications and backend services, focusing on well-designed APIs, efficient data pipelines, and performant algorithms.</li>
<li>Develop scalable, high-quality foundational frameworks as well as innovative product features used by millions of guests and hosts.</li>
<li>Evaluate technical solutions, contribute to product and framework design discussions, and help shape new features from concept to launch.</li>
<li>Drive alignment, manage technical projects, and work effectively with diverse stakeholders.</li>
<li>Write unit and integration tests, participate in code reviews, and uphold high engineering standards across the team.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Your Expertise:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><strong>5+ years</strong> of professional software development experience, with a focus on building both frontend and backend systems&nbsp;</li>
<li>Advanced proficiency in modern <strong>frontend technologies</strong>—including HTML, CSS, JavaScript/TypeScript, frameworks like React or Angular, and frontend architecture (build tools, reusable components).</li>
<li><strong>Deep expertise in one</strong> or more backend/server languages (e.g., Java, Kotlin, C++, etc.) and proven experience designing and scaling high-quality, high-traffic backend services</li>
<li>Passion for building and evolving foundational frameworks that solve key engineering needs and support the wider team.</li>
<li>Proven track record of delivering impactful products end-to-end, with a dedication to creating interactive, high-quality, and delightful user experiences.</li>
<li>Self-driven and excited to tackle large, open-ended projects and drive meaningful business impact in a collaborative environment.</li>
<li>Solid foundation in unit, integration, and end-to-end testing practices.</li>
<li><strong>Fluent in both Chinese and English</strong></li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; color: #000000;"><strong>Your Location</strong></span></p>
<p><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; color: #000000;">This position is remote work within China Mainland. The role may include occasional work at an Airbnb office or attendance at offsites, as agreed to with your manager. Your recruiter will inform you what cities you are able to work from depending on your personal legal working identity and Airbnb internal policies.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; color: #000000;"><strong>Our Commitment to Inclusion &amp; Belonging:</strong></span><br><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; color: #000000;">Airbnb is committed to working with the broadest talent pool possible. We believe diverse ideas foster innovation and engagement, and allow us to attract creatively-led people, and to develop the best products, services and solutions. All qualified individuals are encouraged to apply.</span></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>