<div class="content-intro"><h2><span data-sheets-root="1">About Wolt</span></h2>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">At Wolt, we create technology that brings joy, simplicity and earnings to the neighborhoods of the world. In 2014 we started with delivery of restaurant food. Now we’re building the delivery of (almost) everything and you’ll find us in over 500 cities in 30 countries around the world. In 2022 we joined forces with DoorDash and together we keep on dreaming big and expanding across the globe.<br><br>Working at Wolt isn’t always easy, but it’s definitely exciting. Here you’ll learn more, build more, and ship more than in most other companies. You’ll be challenged a lot, but also have a lot of fun on the way. So, if you’re a self-starter with drive and entrepreneurial spirit, this could be the ride of your life.</span></p></div><p>At Wolt, you can grow your sales career with a fun and fast-scaling global business. Part of the DoorDash team, we’re building a global logistics platform that can deliver (almost) everything in your city, to your door in minutes. Today, our products are used by 55+ million registered users who can now order from 200,000+ restaurants and retail stores across 30+ countries around the world.</p>
<p>Our Sales teams create and build our relationships with merchants. Together, we’ve helped big brands, local stores and neighborhood restaurants do over €15 billion’s worth of business through our platform. We’re constantly launching new cities and products, so there are always new opportunities to expand your skills and progress your career.&nbsp;</p>
<h2>What you’ll be doing</h2>
<p>As the Sales Manager, you’ll be responsible for identifying, negotiating, and closing partnerships with restaurants and retailers. You’ll build strong pipelines, manage relationships, and collaborate closely with cross-functional teams to ensure long-term partner success.</p>
<h3><strong>Day-to-day in this role you’ll:</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Explore and prospect the market to uncover untapped opportunities</li>
<li>Identify potential partnerships and initiate engagement with restaurants and retailers aligned with Wolt’s vision</li>
<li>Manage your pipeline of prospects systematically and ensure consistent progress</li>
<li>Assess venue performance to set profitable business terms and negotiate agreements</li>
<li>Collaborate closely with internal departments, ensuring clear and effective communication</li>
</ul>
<h2>Our humble expectations&nbsp;</h2>
<p>You’ll do well at Wolt if you:<br><br></p>
<ul>
<li>3-5 years of experience in retail sales, account management, field operations, or sales support</li>
<li>Have excellent analytical skills to support data-driven sales decisions.</li>
<li>Have the charm, empathy and honesty to build strong relationships.</li>
<li>Are used to high-performance, high-expectation cultures.</li>
<li>Have a proven track record of making sales and closing deals.</li>
<li>High ownership mentality with ambition to go beyond the obvious</li>
<li>Are entrepreneurial, innovative, and good at solving problems.</li>
<li>Can adapt quickly in a rapidly changing market.</li>
<li>Fluent in French and English</li>
<li>Luxembourgish is a plus</li>
</ul>
<h2>Why you’ll love it</h2>
<ul>
<li><strong>🚀Global and growing fast: </strong>Be part of a fast-moving scaleup</li>
<li><strong>🤩Ride of a lifetime: </strong>Accelerate your career and build your sales skills&nbsp;</li>
<li><strong>💪Instant impact: </strong>Take ownership and make a difference</li>
<li><strong>💙Big hearts and small egos: </strong>Surround yourself with smart, friendly people</li>
</ul>
<h2>Next steps</h2>
<p>If you are excited about working in a high-growth environment, taking ownership, and being part of an extremely ambitious team, then click below to apply, make sure to add your CV and get the conversation going!&nbsp;</p>
<p>We will be reviewing applications on an on-going basis. If this sounds like an opportunity you want to pursue, apply today!&nbsp; 💙</p>
<p><iframe src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/GoL541\_xj9w" width="560" height="314"></iframe></p>
<p><br><br></p><div class="content-conclusion"><h2><span data-sheets-root="1">Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion</span></h2>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">We’re committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. That’s why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.</span></p></div>