<div class="content-intro"><div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
<div>
<p>At Cloudflare, we are on a mission to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers millions of websites and other Internet properties for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.&nbsp;</p>
<p>At Cloudflare, we’re not looking for people who wait for a polished roadmap; we’re looking for the builders who see the cracks in the Internet that everyone else has simply learned to live with. We value candidates who have the instinct to spot a "normalized" problem and the AI-native curiosity to create a solution using the latest tools. Our culture is built on iteration, leveraging AI to ship faster today to make it better tomorrow, while ensuring that every improvement, no matter how small, is shared across the team to lift everyone up. If you’re the type of person who values curiosity over bureaucracy, and that AI is a partner in solving tough problems to keep the Internet moving forward, you’ll fit right in.</p>
</div></div><p><strong>Sales Director, US Majors Financials</strong></p>
<p><strong>Must live in one of these states and be willing to travel to customers within this patch: New York, New Jersey, Connecticut</strong></p>
<p><strong>About the Role</strong></p>
<p>Cloudflare is looking for an experienced and dynamic First Line Sales Leader to drive and manage our US Enterprise Majors sales team. This role requires a leader with a deep understanding of platform-based, technically sophisticated products, a proven track record in value selling to both technical and financial executives, and experience operating within a high-growth, large-scale enterprise environment. The ideal candidate will inspire their team to exceed targets by fostering a culture of strategic account management, business acumen, and disciplined execution.</p>
<p>This role will require both strategic and hands-on leadership to build out the go-to-market strategy, manage and grow the sales team, market structure and partner strategy. In this role you will be asked to actively work with clients, partners and field sales reps to sell and close deals while building out the region.</p>
<p><strong>Additional responsibilities will include:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Recruit, lead and develop a team of Majors Account Executives focused on the largest, most strategic US enterprises in the Northeast region driving both new business and expansion</li>
<li>Instill and reinforce a disciplined approach to value selling, ensuring the team effectively articulates the financial and technical benefits of the Cloudflare platform to technical and financial buyers&nbsp;</li>
<li>Drive accurate forecasting, manage territory planning, and ensure rigorous execution of the sales process across all stages of the sales cycle</li>
<li>Collaborate cross-functionally with internal teams (e.g., Sales Engineering, Product, Marketing) to ensure successful positioning of the complete Cloudflare platform and secure necessary resources for closing major deals.</li>
<li>Act as a deal coach and escalation point, providing strategic guidance on complex negotiations, large-scale platform adoption, and competitive positioning within major accounts.</li>
<li>Recruit, onboard, train, and mentor top-tier sales talent, creating a high-performance, results-oriented, and inclusive team culture.</li>
<li>Meet o<strong>r</strong> exceed quarterly and annual sales targets on a consistent basis</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Examples of desirable skills, knowledge and experience</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>10+ years of experience in B2B enterprise software/SaaS sales, with a minimum of 3 years in a first-line sales management role building and leading top performing sales teams&nbsp;</li>
<li>Deep domain expertise in areas relevant to the Cloudflare platform (e.g., networking, security, application delivery, or edge computing), with the ability to articulate complex platform value.</li>
<li>Demonstrated experience in managing and closing large, multi-year contracts with Fortune 500 or Global 2000 companies.</li>
<li>Entrepreneurial spirit with a start up mentality and proven success in a high-growth, large-scale organization, demonstrating the ability to navigate complexity and rapid change.</li>
<li>Strong proficiency in applying strategic sales methodologies that emphasize business outcomes and financial justification.</li>
<li>Exceptional coaching skills with a track record of developing and promoting sales talent</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Compensation</strong></p>
<p>For New York City, New Jersey, Washington, Washington DC, and California (excluding Bay Area) based hires: Estimated annual salary of $450,000 - $520,000.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Equity</strong></p>
<p>This role is eligible to participate in Cloudflare’s equity plan.</p>
<p><strong>Benefits</strong></p>
<p>Cloudflare offers a complete package of benefits and programs to support you and your family.&nbsp; Our benefits programs can help you pay health care expenses, support caregiving, build capital for the future and make life a little easier and fun!&nbsp; The below is a description of our benefits for employees in the United States, and benefits may vary for employees based outside the U.S.</p>
<p><strong>Health &amp; Welfare Benefits</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Medical/Rx Insurance</li>
<li>Dental Insurance</li>
<li>Vision Insurance</li>
<li>Flexible Spending Accounts</li>
<li>Commuter Spending Accounts</li>
<li>Fertility &amp; Family Forming Benefits</li>
<li>On-demand mental health support and Employee Assistance Program</li>
<li>Global Travel Medical Insurance</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Financial Benefits</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Short and Long Term Disability Insurance</li>
<li>Life &amp; Accident Insurance</li>
<li>401(k) Retirement Savings Plan</li>
<li>Employee Stock Participation Plan</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Time Off</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Flexible paid time off covering vacation and sick leave</li>
<li>Leave programs, including parental, pregnancy health, medical, and bereavement leave</li>
</ul>
<p><br><br></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: Since 2014, we've equipped more than 2,400 journalism and civil society organizations in 111 countries with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: In 2017, we created the Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration. Since the project, we've provided services to more than 425 local government election websites in 33 states.</span></p>
<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Please note that applicants who progress to the offer stage of the interview process may be asked to attend an in-person interview within one of the Cloudflare Offices or Cloudflare Hubs.&nbsp; More details about this will be available at that stage of the interview process.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p></div>