<div class="content-intro"><p>Intercom is the AI Customer Service company on a mission to help businesses provide incredible customer experiences.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Our AI agent Fin, the most advanced customer service AI agent on the market, lets businesses deliver always-on, impeccable customer service and ultimately transform their customer experiences for the better. Fin can also be combined with our Helpdesk to become a complete solution called the Intercom Customer Service Suite, which provides AI enhanced support for the more complex or high touch queries that require a human agent.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Founded in 2011 and trusted by nearly 30,000 global businesses, Intercom is setting the new standard for customer service. Driven by our core values, we push boundaries, build with speed and intensity, and consistently deliver incredible value to our customers.</p></div><h2>What's the opportunity?&nbsp;</h2>
<p>We’re looking for Senior Product Engineers to join the AI Infrastructure team to help Intercom build AI-powered products. Product Engineers in AI infrastructure work closely with other ML engineers and our ML Scientists teams. You will deeply understand our product, our ML tech stack, how we develop product, and how we can accelerate that process further.</p>
<p>The wider AI group is responsible for defining new ML features, researching appropriate algorithms and technologies, and rapidly getting first prototypes in our customers’ hands.</p>
<p>AI infrastructure is building a platform to move extremely quickly, adapting to new AI advancements in a matter of days, but providing the safety shield to other engineers so our customers always get a good service. We often provide services at the core of AI systems, and write framework-level code that other engineers and scientists in the AI group use daily.</p>
<p>We are very passionate about applying machine learning technology, and have productized everything from classic supervised models, to cutting-edge unsupervised clustering algorithms, to novel applications of transformer neural networks. We test and measure the real customer impact of each model and change we deploy.</p>
<p>If you are an experienced backend engineer who takes an analytical approach to development and has some hands-on experience with ML systems and platforms, we'd love to hear from you!&nbsp;</p>
<h2>What will I be doing?&nbsp;</h2>
<ul>
<li>Build the systems that power Intercom’s flagship AI products. This usually means working in our ML Python tech stack, but at times also means working across the product on our Rails app too.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Work alongside our ML engineers and ML Scientists to bring proof-of-concept code to production; ensuring it’s robust and scalable for real-world use.</li>
<li>Partner with ML engineers and ML scientists to build the underlying platform that helps them shape the best AI-powered product experience for our customers..</li>
<li>Contribute to all phases of software development including ideation, prototyping, and implementation and testing.</li>
<li>Play an active role in the hiring, mentoring, and career development of other engineers.</li>
<li>Raise the bar for technical standards, performance, reliability, and operational excellence within the group and across Intercom.</li>
</ul>
<h2>Profile we’re looking for&nbsp;</h2>
<ul>
<li>5+ years of experience shipping high-quality products, preferably backend.</li>
<li>You can demonstrate significant impact in the work that you have done.</li>
<li>You take pride in having strong technical fundamentals; you love learning and are willing to work hard to invest in your development.</li>
<li>Deep knowledge of a high-level programming language (for example, Python, Ruby etc.)&nbsp;</li>
<li>Strong willingness to fight for good outcomes</li>
<li>Ability to deep dive into any part of the tech stack.</li>
<li>Bias towards progress over perfection.</li>
<li>Excited about progress in the AI space.</li>
</ul>
<h2>Bonus skills &amp; attributes&nbsp;</h2>
<ul>
<li>1+ year of experience building ML-powered products. You’ll be supported by, and learn from teammates with deep ML experience.</li>
<li>Built or used ML platforms before.</li>
<li>Deep understanding of some distributed systems (e.g. database, caches, queues, streams).</li>
<li>Statistics fundamentals.</li>
</ul>
<h2>Benefits<strong>&nbsp;</strong></h2>
<p>We are a well treated bunch, with awesome benefits! If there’s something important to you that’s not on this list, talk to us!&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>Competitive salary and equity in a fast-growing start-up</li>
<li>We serve lunch every weekday, plus a variety of snack foods and a fully stocked kitchen</li>
<li>Regular compensation reviews - we reward great work!</li>
<li>Pension scheme &amp; match up to 4%</li>
<li>Peace of mind with life assurance, as well as comprehensive health and dental insurance for you and your dependents</li>
<li>Flexible paid time off policy</li>
<li>Paid maternity leave, as well as 6 weeks paternity leave for fathers, to let you spend valuable time with your loved ones</li>
<li>If you’re cycling, we’ve got you covered on the Cycle-to-Work Scheme. With secure bike storage too&nbsp;</li>
<li>MacBooks are our standard, but we also offer Windows for certain roles when needed.</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>Policies&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>Intercom has a hybrid working policy. We believe that working in person helps us stay connected, collaborate easier and create a great culture while still providing flexibility to work from home. We expect employees to be in the office at least three days per week.</p>
<p>We have a radically open and accepting culture at Intercom. We avoid spending time on divisive subjects to foster a safe and cohesive work environment for everyone. As an organization, our policy is to not advocate on behalf of the company or our employees on any social or political topics out of our internal or external communications. We respect personal opinion and expression on these topics on personal social platforms on personal time, and do not challenge or confront anyone for their views on non-work related topics. Our goal is to focus on doing incredible work to achieve our goals and unite the company through our <a href="https://www.intercom.com/careers">core values</a>.&nbsp;&nbsp;</p>
<p>Intercom values diversity and is committed to a policy of Equal Employment Opportunity. Intercom will not discriminate against an applicant or employee on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, national origin, ancestry, sex, gender, age, physical or mental disability, veteran or military status, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, marital status, or any other legally recognized protected basis under federal, state, or local law.</p></div>