<h2><strong>Who we are</strong></h2>
<div>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">Helsing is a defence AI company. Our mission is to protect our democracies. We aim to achieve technological leadership, so that open societies can continue to make sovereign decisions and control their ethical standards.</span><span data-ccp-props="{">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">As democracies, we believe we have a special responsibility to be thoughtful about the development and deployment of powerful technologies like AI. We take this responsibility seriously.</span><span data-ccp-props="{">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span data-contrast="none">We are an ambitious and committed team of engineers, AI specialists and customer-facing programme managers.<span data-contrast="auto">&nbsp;We are looking for mission-driven people to join our European teams – and apply their skills to solve the most complex and impactful problems. We embrace an open and transparent culture that welcomes healthy debates on the use of technology in defence, its benefits, and its ethical implications.</span><span data-ccp-props="{">&nbsp;</span></span></p>
</div>
<h2><strong>The role</strong></h2>
<div>
<p>As Associate Programme Manager - Air Defence you will have the opportunity to shape and align Helsing’s strategic partnerships and ambitious customer programmes that define the future of Air Defence.&nbsp;&nbsp;</p>
<p>As part of our team, you will directly participate in our work with industry partners, procurement agencies and Armed Forces. You will support shaping and executing the business strategy, vision, and roadmap for current and future air defence programmes. Your work will include but will not be limited to deeply understanding customer demands, develop existing and new opportunities for collaboration with Armed Forces and/or the defence industry.</p>
<p>We have assembled a distinctive partnerships and programmes team across various fields of expertise and backgrounds. Together we lift ambitions and shape the thinking of our industry partners and customers on software and AI in defence, national security, and intelligence. You will work with and learn from leading experts to build lasting industry and customer relationships.</p>
<p>\*\*Please note we are hiring for multiple positions\*\*</p>
</div>
<h2><strong>The day-to-day</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li class="text-start ">Guide market activities in air defence, engage external stakeholders, and build lasting industry partnerships to support Helsing's overarching strategy</li>
<li class="text-start ">Anticipate market trends and client needs to identify and establish new business opportunities</li>
<li class="text-start ">Coordinate strategic campaigns and manage the activities required to deliver on business goals</li>
<li class="text-start ">Ensure the successful execution and commercial delivery of the air defence projects you oversee</li>
<li class="text-start ">Collaborate closely with technical delivery teams to translate complex capability requirements into actionable programme milestones</li>
<li class="text-start ">Learn from and collaborate with senior leadership to continuously refine programme execution and relationship management strategies</li>
</ul>
<h2 id="You’ll-do-great-if-you….3" data-renderer-start-pos="15247"><strong>You should apply if you</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li class="text-start ">Are fluent in German (speaking and writing)</li>
<li class="text-start ">Demonstrate a deep understanding of the defence sector, public sector, or complex consultancy environments</li>
<li class="text-start ">Apply foundational knowledge in engineering, business, political science, data science, or a related discipline to complex programme challenges</li>
<li class="text-start ">Approach capability delivery collaboratively, focusing on building sustainable partnerships with established industry stakeholders</li>
<li class="text-start ">Communicate complex programme statuses clearly and effectively to diverse audiences</li>
<li class="text-start ">Exhibit a strong commitment to delivering critical software-based capabilities to operators in the field</li>
<li class="text-start ">Navigate intersectional challenges between commercial goals and technical delivery with ease</li>
</ul>
<p><em data-renderer-mark="true"><em data-stringify-type="italic">Note: We operate in an industry where women, as well as other minority groups, are systematically</em>&nbsp;<em data-stringify-type="italic">under-represented. We encourage you to apply even if you don’t meet all the listed qualifications; ability and impact cannot be summarised in a few bullet points.</em></em></p>
<h2><strong>Nice to Have</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li class="text-start ">Bring operational insight from prior military experience, particularly within air defence or related domains</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong><span data-contrast="auto">Join Helsing and work with world-leading experts in their fields</span><span data-ccp-props="{">&nbsp;</span></strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">Helsing’s work is important. You’ll be directly contributing to the protection of democratic countries while balancing both ethical and geopolitical concerns</span></p>
</li>
<li>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">The work is unique. We operate in a domain that has highly unusual technical requirements and constraints, and where robustness, safety, and ethical considerations are vital. You will face unique Engineering and AI challenges that make a meaningful impact in the world</span></p>
</li>
<li>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">Our work frequently takes us right up to the state of the art in technical innovation, be it reinforcement learning, distributed systems, generative AI, or deployment infrastructure. The defence industry is entering the most exciting phase of the technological development curve. Advances in our field of world are not incremental: Helsing is part of, and often leading, historic leaps forward</span></p>
</li>
<li>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">In our domain, success is a matter of order-of-magnitude improvements and novel capabilities. This means we take bets, aim high, and focus on big opportunities. Despite being a relatively young company, Helsing has already been selected for multiple significant government contracts</span></p>
</li>
<li>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">We actively encourage healthy, proactive, and diverse debate internally about what we do and how we choose to do it. Teams and individual engineers are trusted (and encouraged) to practise responsible autonomy and critical thinking, and to focus on outcomes, not conformity. At Helsing you will have a say in how we (and you!) work, the opportunity to engage on what does and doesn’t work, and to take ownership of aspects of our culture that you care deeply about</span></p>
</li>
</ul>
<h2 id="What-we-offer" data-renderer-start-pos="3238"><strong><span id="6afa48f9-b797-428b-aa69-0bc8163b3593" data-renderer-mark="true" data-mark-type="annotation" data-mark-annotation-type="inlineComment" data-id="6afa48f9-b797-428b-aa69-0bc8163b3593">What we offer</span></strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>
<p><strong>Competitive salary </strong>and<strong> stock options (ESOP)</strong></p>
</li>
<li>
<p><strong>Relocation support</strong>: up to €2,500 and 4 weeks temporary accommodation</p>
</li>
<li>
<p><strong>Learning</strong>: €500/£450 yearly allowance</p>
</li>
<li>
<p><strong>Health &amp; wellness</strong>: gym membership and mental health support (Nilo.health)</p>
</li>
<li>
<p><strong>Social</strong>: regularly company events and monthly social allowances</p>
</li>
<li>
<p><strong>Enhanced parental leave</strong>: 22 weeks fully paid for primary caregivers &amp; 6 weeks for secondary caregivers.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p><strong>Family support:</strong> 5 days of paid family emergency leave, 100% remote work option during pregnancy and phased return to work</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p>These are the core benefits across all locations, there may be additional benefits in certain locations.</p>
<p><em data-stringify-type="italic">Helsing is an equal opportunities employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, religion, sexual orientation, age, marital status, disability or gender identity. Please do not submit personal data revealing racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, trade union membership, data concerning your health, or data concerning your sexual orientation.</em></p><div class="content-conclusion"><div>&nbsp;</div>
<div>Helsing's Candidate Privacy and Confidentiality Regime can be found <a href="https://helsing.ai/candidate-privacy-and-confidentiality-regime/" target="\_blank">here</a>.&nbsp;</div>
<div>&nbsp;</div>
<div>&nbsp;</div></div>