<div class="content-intro"><p><strong>Secure Every Identity, from AI to Human<br><br></strong>Identity is the key to unlocking the potential of AI. Okta secures AI by building the trusted, neutral infrastructure that enables organizations to safely embrace this new era. This work requires a relentless drive to solve complex challenges with real-world stakes. We are looking for builders and owners who operate with speed and urgency and execute with excellence.<br><br>This is an opportunity to do career-defining work. We're all in on this mission. If you are too, let's talk.</p></div><p>The Okta Customer Identity Cloud (CIC) is a product unit of Okta focussed on the Customer Identity and Access Management (CIAM) space. We are looking for exceptional new team members to join our team and help drive our next level of success. One team, one score!</p>
<p>Our vision is to free everyone to safely use any technology.&nbsp; We provide secure access for everyone, but not just anyone. We process billions of logins per month (and growing!). So, if you’re a big thinker who is nimble and adaptable, Okta CIC may be an ideal place for you to shine.</p>
<p><strong>The Team &amp; Role:</strong></p>
<p>Okta is looking for a Software Engineering Manager to lead our Load Testing team.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Okta’s customer identity business is growing and evolving quickly.&nbsp; Traffic volume has grown substantially and new features are continually introduced.&nbsp; As a cloud-based SaaS provider, bringing scalable, high performance identity solutions to production at an attractive price is a priority for our business.&nbsp; The Performance Engineering team has a cross-functional charter that involves investigating, identifying, and remediating performance bottlenecks across all parts of our distributed system machinery.&nbsp; This includes the code we write, datastores, messaging systems, infrastructure, and the points at which different parts of the system communicate with one another.&nbsp; The Load Testing team works closely with component owners, platform teams and testing teams to provide high levels of application coverage scenarios. These scenarios simulate load and demonstrate utilization of our application components, APIs and validate our overall scalability and reliability footprint. Load tests are the foundation of our overall performance program.&nbsp;&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>What You Will Do</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>As an Engineering Manager, you will build and lead a team of performance load testing engineers. You will implement agile processes, ensure accountability and enable a team of high impact contributors to deliver simulated load covering tens of thousands of permutations.</li>
<li>Build and maintain a backlog of high impact load tests that will drive increased visibility into our performance profiles.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Set the bar for technical execution and participation across your team.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Encourage a technical growth mindset and advocate for process improvements, velocity metrics and best in class team management techniques.&nbsp;</li>
<li>You will partner with other testing managers to build a cohesive approach to integration, system and benchmark testing and environments.&nbsp;</li>
<li>You will nurture a “shift left” culture for performance.&nbsp; You will work to improve knowledge and awareness of performance management techniques, tools, patterns, and solutions throughout Engineering in order to address performance issues earlier in the software development life cycle.</li>
<li>You will have the opportunity to work with all parts of the Customer Identity Cloud service offering, including code, infrastructure, and architecture.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>What You Bring</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Strong technical background with previous experience as a developer or systems engineer.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Experience leading software development or QA testing teams.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Strong self-motivation and aptitude for investigation and experimentation.</li>
<li>Expert level knowledge with load testing tooling, including Apache Bench, Artillery, K6, etc…</li>
<li>A partnership mindset, focusing on collaboration across teams and supporting feature teams through process and vision alignment.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Experience with application software in Node.js using frameworks such as Hapi.js or Fastify.&nbsp; Familiarity with Golang is also a plus.</li>
<li>Experience with API-driven cloud-native distributed system application architecture running in Kubernetes, AWS, and Azure.</li>
<li>Experience with APM tools such as Datadog APM, Splunk, Honeycomb, New Relic, Dynatrace, or similar.</li>
<li>Familiarity with PostgreSQL and MongoDB.</li>
<li>Experience designing and executing performance experiments designed to validate performance improvements in key metrics such as requests per second (RPS), P95 and P99 latency, query performance, request concurrency, CPU/memory utilization, and cost efficiency.</li>
<li>Excellent written and verbal communication skills.&nbsp; In particular, the ability to convey technical issues and solutions in written form and work with disparate teams is important in a remote-friendly team.</li>
<li>Passion for driving performance improvement in software without sacrificing reliability or security.</li>
<li>Excellent collaboration skills and a track record of cross-functional collaboration.&nbsp; One team, one score!</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><small>(P24591\_3366720)</small><small>Bengaluru</small></p>
<p>#LI\_Hybrid</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong><br>The Okta Experience</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><a href="http://rewards.okta.com">Supporting Your Well-Being</a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="https://www.okta.com/company/okta-for-good/">Driving Social Impact&nbsp;</a></li>
<li><a href="https://www.okta.com/company/talent-connection-community/">Developing Talent and Fostering Connection + Community</a></li>
</ul>
<p>We are intentional about connection. Our global community, spanning over 20 offices worldwide, is united by a drive to innovate. Your journey begins with an immersive, in-person onboarding experience designed to accelerate your impact and connect you to our mission and team from day one.<br><br>Okta is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, marital status, age, physical or mental disability, or status as a protected veteran. We also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and convictions records, consistent with applicable laws.<br><br>If reasonable accommodation is needed to complete any part of the job application, interview process, or onboarding please&nbsp;<a href="https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1EfiEYZrIyhA2X4Fijk0R3RKYOzNoS3wtvyM4nhbZnXE/edit">use this Form</a> to request an accommodation.<br><br>Notice for New York City Applicants &amp; Employees: Okta may use Automated Employment Decision Tools (AEDT), as defined by New York City Local Law 144, that use artificial intelligence, machine learning, or other automated processes to assist in our recruitment and hiring process. In accordance with NYC Local Law 144, if you are an applicant or employee residing in New York City, please&nbsp;<a href="https://talent.okta.com/new-york-city-aedt-notice.html">click here</a> to view our full NYC AEDT Notice.<br><br>Okta is committed to complying with applicable data privacy and security laws and regulations. For more information, please see our Personnel and Job Candidate Privacy Notice at&nbsp;<a href="https://www.okta.com/legal/personnel-policy/">https://www.okta.com/legal/personnel-policy/</a>.</p></div>