<p>
  <strong>Headquarters:</strong> New York, NY or Remote
</p>

<div class="job__description body"><div><p><strong>About Us: </strong>EvolutionIQ’s mission is to improve the lives of injured and disabled workers and enable them to return to the workforce, saving billions of dollars in avoidable costs and lost productivity to the US and global economies and make insurance more affordable for everyone. We are currently experiencing massive growth and to accomplish our goals, we are hiring world-class talent who want to help build and scale internally, and transform the insurance space. Our team is our #1 priority, and we have been named one of <a href="https://www.evolutioniq.com/fr-fr/resources/evolutioniqs-award-winning-culture-three-years-running-as-an-inc-best-workplace">Inc.’s Best Workplaces</a> 3 years in a row!<br><br><strong>The Opportunity: </strong>We’re looking for a Senior DevOps Engineer with deep expertise in infrastructure-as-code (IaC) using Terraform to build and manage scalable infrastructure across cloud platforms.<strong> </strong>This role is pivotal in building scalable, secure, and cost-optimized infrastructure that powers our data pipelines, applications, and machine learning models. You’ll play a leading role in evolving our platform while driving cost efficiencies and operational excellence across our environments.</p><br><p><strong>About You</strong>:</p><br><ul><br><li>An ambitious DevOps guru who will be in the driver’s seat as we build out the backbone of our core infrastructure</li><br><li>You thrive on fast, secure, consistent deployments and want to be in the lead thanks to your high degree of ownership and control</li><br><li>Scalability and reliability are hardwired into your DNA</li><br><li>You love defining the standards for a consistent software development life cycle</li><br><li>You’re supercharged by reducing friction in the engineering experience, making a fast impact, and having interesting, unsolved problems continually present themselves</li><br></ul><br><p><strong>In this Role You Will:</strong></p><br><ul><br><li>Improve and further our observability stack across GCP infrastructure and applications</li><br><li>Drive consistency and operational excellence across all teams</li><br><li>Enable the data engineering team to use Dagster efficiently</li><br><li>Leverage tools like Terraform, Github Actions, Helm, and ArgoCD to build efficient infrastructure as code pipelines</li><br><li>Ensure industry standard security controls in our cloud environments</li><br><li>Institute culture of reliability in a federated ownership environment</li><br></ul><br><p><strong>Requirements</strong>:</p><br><ul><br><li>7+ years of DevOps experience</li><br><li>Extensive experience designing and running production systems on GCP</li><br><li>Deep exposure and familiarity to networking concepts, Kubernetes clusters, Docker, containerized development, Terraform, Helm, and ArgoCD</li><br><li>Experience with production operations and working with product engineering teams</li><br><li>Experience integrating with SIEM and security software, such as vulnerability scanners</li><br><li>You know the critical questions to ask in order to understand a client’s business problem and can show the business impact of your technical solutions&nbsp;</li><br><li>Team player who is solutions-oriented&nbsp;</li><br><li>You have crisp written and verbal communication skills&nbsp;</li><br></ul><br><p><strong>Even Better if You Have:</strong></p><br><ul><br><li>Experience with automation and scaffolding around Prometheus and Grafana</li><br><li>Experience with data pipeline tools such as Dagster</li><br><li>Hold yourself to high standards ensuring timely delivery of our CI/CD pipeline&nbsp;</li><br><li>Exude our ambitious, collaborative, and empathetic values&nbsp;</li><br><li>A self-starter mindset with an eagerness to solve previously unsolved problems</li><br><li>The ability to effectively correspond between technical and non-technical audiences</li><br><li>Excellent collaboration skills and are open to giving and receiving critical feedback across teams</li><br></ul><br><p><strong>Work-life, Culture &amp; Perks:&nbsp;</strong></p><br><ul><br><li><strong>Compensation: </strong>The base salary range is <strong>$180-225K,</strong> with flexibility depending on a candidate’s background and experience. An annual bonus plan and company equity plan (RSUs) are also included in our compensation package.</li><br><li><strong>Well-Being: </strong>Medical, dental, vision, short &amp; long-term disability, life insurance and AD&amp;D, and 401k matching. Additional family, wellness, and pet benefits.&nbsp;</li><br><li><strong>Home &amp; Family:</strong> Paid time off and sick leave, 100% paid parental leave (16 weeks for primary caregivers and 12 weeks for secondary caregivers). We offer a flexible schedule for new parents returning to work.&nbsp;</li><br><li><strong>Office Life: </strong>Catered lunches, happy hours, pet-friendly spaces, and monthly technology stipend.</li><br><li><strong>Growth &amp; Training: </strong>$1,000/year for each employee for professional development, as well opportunities for tuition reimbursement.</li><br><li><strong>Sponsorship: </strong>We are open to sponsoring candidates currently in the U.S. who need to transfer their active visa. Please check with our Recruiting team if your visa is applicable for transfer.</li><br></ul><br><p>&nbsp;</p><br><p><em>EvolutionIQ appreciates your interest in our company as a place of employment. EvolutionIQ is an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees.</em></p></div></div>

<p><strong>To apply:</strong> <a href="https://weworkremotely.com/remote-jobs/evolutioniq-senior-devops-engineer-cloudinfra">https://weworkremotely.com/remote-jobs/evolutioniq-senior-devops-engineer-cloudinfra</a></p>