<div class="content-intro"><p>Fastly helps people stay better connected with the things they love. Fastly’s edge cloud platform enables customers to create great digital experiences quickly, securely, and reliably by processing, serving, and securing our customers’ applications as close to their end-users as possible — at the edge of the Internet. The platform is designed to take advantage of the modern internet, to be programmable, and to support agile software development. Fastly’s customers include many of the world’s most prominent companies, including GitHub, Yelp, Paramount, and JetBlue.</p>
<p>We're building a more trustworthy Internet. Come join us.</p></div><p><strong>Territory Account Executive</strong></p>
<p>We are looking for a New Business Sales hunter to join the team as Territory Account Executive.&nbsp;You will focus on the acquisition of new customers, and continue developing our customer base in your territory. We are looking for someone who has a proven track record in acquiring Enterprise business, and has experience selling to and a good network across in their territory</p>
<p><strong>What You'll Do:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>
<p>Develop, manage, and execute a territory Go-to-Market plan to ensure Fastly meets its continued growth objectives in your territory</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Accountable for driving pipeline, sales, revenue, and meeting or exceeding quota goals</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Lead all aspects of the sales cycle from start to finish both internally and externally including: prospecting, discovery, Proof of Concepts, value proposition positioning and pricing, contract closing and account management</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>You will be responsible for utilizing a consultative selling approach with client stakeholders to address the business needs of hybrid cloud computing and siloed legacy IT systems across the Fastly product portfolio.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Work closely and in partnership with Fastly sales partners in the sales territory and with the channel team within Fastly Networks.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Conduct demand generation activities such as happy hours, lunch-n-learns, and technology forums; Able to direct, build, and manage a Demand Creation campaign for the territory encompassing all aspects of marketing, PR and all aspects of pipeline creation.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Prepare and lead proposals, quotes, and contracts. Use SFDC &amp; other sales tools to maintain accounts/contacts, forecast opportunities, track prospecting activity, and build target lists using reports</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>What We're Looking For:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>
<p>Direct field experience and extensive network of key contacts within your territory</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Experience with security technologies, content delivery network services, web analytics, website performance, cloud storage, mobile content delivery, or managed web hosting is highly desired</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Proven track record of effective outbound prospecting, managing sophisticated enterprise sales cycles and accurate pipeline management and forecasting</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Familiar with current industry trends and speak with authority regarding the role of SAAS</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Strong work ethic and winning mentality.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>This is a remote working / field based role.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Proven navigation of End User requirements definition through the contracting and resale processes is mandatory.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Independent, self-disciplined but also able to work collaboratively as part of a team</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>The candidate should have the passion and enthusiasm for storytelling to be able to present the Fastly story convincingly.&nbsp;</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Technical knowledge or a technical background is highly desirable.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Fluent German and English is essential.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Work Hours:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>
<p>This position will require you to be available during core business hours.&nbsp;</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Work Location(s) &amp; Travel Requirements:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>This position is a remote role and open to candidates residing in the following locations:</p>
<ul>
<li>
<p>Munich (SouthEast), Greater Munich Area</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p>This position will&nbsp; require travel across the territory region, US and as required by your role or requested by your manager.</p>
<p><strong>Benefits</strong></p>
<p>We care about you. Fastly works hard to create a positive environment for our employees, and we think your life outside of work is important too. We support our teams with great benefits that start on the first day of your employment with Fastly. Curious about our offerings?</p>
<p>We offer a comprehensive benefits package designed to meet your needs. Our offerings may vary depending on the country where you work and are subject to change.</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>Why Fastly?</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>
<p><strong>We have a huge impact.</strong>&nbsp;Fastly is a small company with a big reach. Not only do<a class="external-link" href="https://www.fastly.com/customers" target="\_blank">&nbsp;our customers</a>&nbsp;have a tremendous user base, but we also support a growing number of<a class="external-link" href="https://www.fastly.com/open-source/" target="\_blank">&nbsp;open source projects and initiatives</a>.&nbsp;Outside of code, employees are encouraged to share causes close to their heart with others so we can help lend a supportive hand.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p><strong>We value diversity.</strong>&nbsp;Growing and maintaining our inclusive and diverse team matters to us. We are committed to being a company where our employees feel comfortable bringing their authentic selves to work and have the ability to be successful -- every day.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p><strong>We are passionate.</strong>&nbsp;Fastly is chock full of passionate people and we’re not ‘one size fits all’. Fastly employs authors, pilots, skiers, parents (of humans and animals), makeup geeks, coffee connoisseurs, and more. We love employees for who they are and what they are passionate about.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>We’re always looking for humble, sharp, and creative folks to join the Fastly team. If you think you might be a fit please apply!</strong><strong> A fully completed application and resume or CV are required when applying.</strong></p>
<p><em>All job applications must be submitted through our official careers site at </em><a href="http://www.fastly.com/careers"><em>www.fastly.com/about/careers</em></a><em>. We will never request sensitive information, such as your Social Security number, bank account or credit card information during the application process. All official communication will come from an @</em><a href="http://fastly.com"><em>fastly.com</em></a><em> or @</em><a href="http://recruiting.fastly.com"><em>recruiting.fastly.com</em></a><em> email address. </em></p>
<p><em><span style="font-weight: 400;">Fastly is committed to ensuring equal employment opportunity and to providing employees with a safe and welcoming work environment free of discrimination and harassment. Our employment decisions are based on business needs, job requirements and individual qualifications.</span></em><em><span style="font-weight: 400;"> All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, family or parental status, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances.</span></em></p>
<p><em><span style="font-weight: 400;">Consistent with the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) and federal or state disability laws, Fastly will provide reasonable accommodations for applicants and employees with disabilities. If reasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and/or to receive other benefits and privileges of employment, please contact your Recruiter, or the Fastly Employee Relations team at </span></em><a href="mailto:candidateaccommodations@fastly.com"><em><span style="font-weight: 400;">candidateaccommodations@fastly.com</span></em></a><em><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or 501-287-4901.&nbsp; </span></em></p>
<p><em>Fastly collects and processes personal data submitted by job applicants in accordance with our<a class="external-link" href="https://www.fastly.com/privacy" target="\_blank">&nbsp;Privacy Policy</a>. Please see our<a class="external-link" href="https://www.fastly.com/privacy-job-applicants" target="\_blank">&nbsp;privacy notice for job applicants</a>.</em></p></div>