<p>
  <strong>Headquarters:</strong> Homeoffice
</p>

<div class="description-wrapper description-wrapper-shown" lang="en"><br><br><h5 class="detail-block-title">Who we are</h5><br><div class="detail-block-description"><br><div>Greenbone is a globally operating company developing open-source solutions for vulnerability analysis and management. Our products protect the digital infrastructures of organizations of all sizes by identifying security issues before they turn into real threats. We operate in a rapidly growing market and are driven by innovation, flat hierarchies, and a culture of openness. Trust, teamwork, and personal growth are central to how we work – as is a healthy work-life balance.</div><div><br></div><div>To ensure and continuously improve the high quality of our security solutions, we rely on continuous automated testing to verify the functionality and reliability of our products. You can contribute as part of our motivated team to ensure that our products continue to meet and exceed the expectations of ourselves and our customers.<br><br><strong>Please Note: Due to strict safety and regulatory requirements, we do not work in the cloud. So experience with on-prem solutions is a must-have. Applicants focused solely on cloud platforms (AWS, Azure, GCP, etc.) will not meet our operational needs.</strong></div><br></div><br><br><br><h5 class="detail-block-title">Your mission</h5><br><div class="detail-block-description"><br><ul><li>Provide and maintain on-prem infrastructure and CI/CD pipelines</li><li>Develop tools and automation (Python, Golang, Bash, YAML)</li><li>Support development teams with infrastructure, data, and deployment workflows</li><li>Collaborate in an agile team using modern development practices (e.g., pair programming, TDD, code reviews)</li><li>Contribute to GitHub-hosted projects and help design meaningful features</li><li>Optionally: co-design architecture and mentor newer colleagues</li></ul><strong>Technologies We Use:</strong><ul><li>Python, Bash,&nbsp;Golang</li><li>SQL/PostgreSQL</li><li>GitHub Actions</li><li>Docker</li><li>nginx / nginx ingres</li></ul><br></div><br><br><br><h5 class="detail-block-title">What you offer</h5><br><div class="detail-block-description"><br><ul><li><strong>Mandatory: Hands-on experience with on-premises infrastructure (not cloud-based)</strong></li><li>Strong programming skills (e.g., Golang, Python) and experience with test automation</li><li>Several years of experience in software development and modern DevOps practices</li><li>Proactive, structured, and collaborative working style</li><li>Enthusiastic about improving software, tools, and processes</li><li>Comfortable working in agile teams and communicating in English</li><li>Degree in computer science or equivalent practical experience</li></ul><br></div><br><br><br><h5 class="detail-block-title">Why us</h5><br><div class="detail-block-description"><br><ul><li>Opportunity to help shape a growing cybersecurity company &nbsp;</li><li>Flexible working hours and 100% remote option &nbsp;</li><li>A motivated and diverse team with an open company culture &nbsp;</li><li>Flat hierarchies, direct communication, and genuine appreciation &nbsp;</li><li>30 days of vacation and an attractive pension scheme &nbsp;</li><li>Job bike, fitness programs, and corporate health management &nbsp;</li><li>Comprehensive, ergonomic work equipment - also for the home office &nbsp;</li><li>Family-friendly environment and a healthy work-life balance</li></ul><br></div><br><br><br><h5 class="detail-block-title">About us</h5><br><div class="detail-block-description"><br><div>We are looking for people who want to develop their full potential with us. We seek team players who are willing to take on responsibility and share their enthusiasm. Above all, we want you to enjoy your work and want to make a difference! We value diversity and welcome applications from people of all genders, nationalities, ethnic and social backgrounds, religions, disabilities, age, sexual orientation and identity.</div><br><br><span>Your Application Process at Greenbone</span><br><br><strong>1. Initial meeting</strong> with the Talent Acquisition Team (Duration: 30–45 minutes)<br><strong>2. Interview</strong> with the Hiring Manager and Peer (Duration: approx. 60 minutes)<br><strong>3. Final interview</strong> with Department Lead or C-Level (Duration: approx. 60 minutes)<br><br>The process may vary slightly depending on the position. For some technical roles, a case study is included between the second and third interview.<br><br>We look forward to getting to know you!<br><br>If you want to take a look behind the scenes, have a look at our LinkedIn channel or read what colleagues have to say on <a href="https://www.kununu.com/de/greenbone-ag">Kununu</a>.<br>                    </div><br><br></div>

<p><strong>To apply:</strong> <a href="https://weworkremotely.com/remote-jobs/greenbone-senior-devops-engineer-delivery-infrastructure-automation-m-f-d">https://weworkremotely.com/remote-jobs/greenbone-senior-devops-engineer-delivery-infrastructure-automation-m-f-d</a></p>