<p><strong>About the team</strong></p>
<p>SumUp’s Point-of-Sale (POS) solution empowers cafes, shops, bars, hair salons, and other businesses to operate efficiently and grow. It offers a wide range of features, including product catalogs, inventory management, business analytics, compliance support, and loyalty tools.</p>
<p>Our POS solution integrates seamlessly into the SumUp SuperApp, which supports both our proprietary register hardware and mobile devices like tablets and phones.</p>
<p>As a <strong>Senior Android Developer</strong>, you’ll collaborate with a dynamic, cross-functional team of Product Managers, Product Designers, Engineering Managers, and fellow engineers.</p>
<p><strong>About the role</strong></p>
<p>We’re evolving toward a Kotlin Multiplatform (KMP) strategy, enabling shared development across Android and iOS. In this role, you’ll learn, refine, and help implement this technology, shaping the future of our mobile apps.</p>
<p>You’re a developer who values user-centric design, precision, and seamless collaboration. You bring structure to communication and thrive in a cross-functional environment.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>What you’ll do</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Build new features for the item catalog within the SumUp SuperApp</li>
<li>Help improve the architecture of the application and contribute to our Kotlin Multiplatform strategy</li>
<li>Enhance and maintain our unified android app, distributed across 60+ countries, ensuring high-quality, scalable solutions</li>
<li>Shape the product’s evolution by identifying opportunities for improvement and contributing to daily decision-making</li>
<li>Write thorough documentation and implement robust testing for features before shipping</li>
<li>Collaborate closely with Designer, Product Manager and Android engineers to deliver a unified UX experience across platforms</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>You’ll thrive in this role if:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>You have&nbsp;<strong>5</strong><strong>+ years experience </strong>in mobile engineering with <strong>Android and Kotlin.</strong></li>
<li>You have <strong>2+ years of experience</strong> working with <strong>Jetpack Compose.</strong></li>
<li>You have a <strong>solid understanding of software design patterns</strong> (e.g., MVVM, MVI) and expertise in building modular, scalable app architectures.</li>
<li>You have<strong> good knowledge of reactive programming </strong>(Flow, Coroutines and Concurrency).</li>
<li>You have a <strong>strong grasp of testing </strong>best practices: knowing what to test, why, and how to write resilient tests.</li>
<li>You <strong>strive for clean code,</strong> and you are flexible to <strong>balance pragmatism and perfection.</strong></li>
<li>You have a <strong>keen interest </strong>in multi-platform development using<strong> Kotlin Multiplatform.</strong></li>
</ul>
<h2><span style="font-size: 10pt;"><strong>Why You Should Join SumUp</strong></span></h2>
<ul data-start="168" data-end="740">
<li data-start="168" data-end="289">
<p data-start="170" data-end="289">🌐 Opportunity to work with a truly global, multicultural team (3,000+ people from 93 countries across 4 continents).</p>
</li>
<li data-start="290" data-end="357">
<p data-start="292" data-end="357">💰 Competitive salary package &amp; virtual stock option programme.</p>
</li>
<li data-start="358" data-end="433">
<p data-start="360" data-end="433">🎓 Learning &amp; development budget for conferences and external training.</p>
</li>
<li data-start="434" data-end="513">
<p data-start="436" data-end="513">🏦 Corporate pension scheme, 25 days’ paid leave, and other great benefits.</p>
</li>
<li data-start="514" data-end="597">
<p data-start="516" data-end="597">🙌 A passionate, purpose-driven team that achieves incredible results together.</p>
</li>
<li data-start="598" data-end="673">
<p data-start="600" data-end="673">🎉 Regular breakfasts, team events, office parties &amp; sports activities.</p>
</li>
<li data-start="674" data-end="740">
<p data-start="676" data-end="740">🌴 Break4me – 1-month sabbatical after 3 years of service.</p>
</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>Job Application Tip</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We recognise that candidates feel they need to meet 100% of the job criteria in order to apply for a job. Please note that this is only a guide. If you don’t tick every box, it’s ok too because it means you have room to learn and develop your career at SumUp.</span></p></div>