<div class="content-intro"><h4><strong>Join Axon and be a Force for Good.</strong></h4>
<p>At Axon, we’re on a mission to Protect Life. We’re explorers, pursuing society’s most critical safety and justice issues with our ecosystem of devices and cloud software. Like our products, we work better together. We connect with candor and care, seeking out diverse perspectives from our customers, communities and each other.<br><br>Life at Axon is fast-paced, challenging and meaningful. Here, you’ll take ownership and drive real change. Constantly grow as you work hard for a mission that matters at a company where you matter.</p></div><h3><strong>Join Axon and be a Force for Good</strong></h3>
<p>At Axon, we’re on a mission to Protect Life. We’re explorers, pursuing society’s most critical safety and justice issues with our ecosystem of devices and cloud software. Like our products, we work better together. We connect with candor and care, seeking out diverse perspectives from our customers, communities and each other.<br><br>Life at Axon is fast-paced, challenging and meaningful. Here, you’ll take ownership and drive real change. Constantly grow as you work hard for a mission that matters at a company where you matter.</p>
<h3>Your Impact</h3>
<p>You will contribute to Axon’s product line as part of the Axon Robotics team (formerly Sky-Hero). We are building career-defining, next-generation Drones and Robots to help reach our Moonshot: cut gun-related deaths between police and the public by 50% in 10 years.<br><br>As an Electrical Engineer, you’ll contribute to advance Axon’s mission to Protect Life, by designing and prototyping electronic boards and systems for Mission-Critical robots like UAVs, UGVs, etc.<br><br>EDA tools include Altium Designer and Cadence OrCAD/Allegro. <br><br>Using your knowledge and creativity you’ll solve challenging problems in Electronics Engineering, and you’ll design, assemble and debug electronics boards and prototypes, being a force of proposal in our R&amp;D process.<br><br><strong>What You’ll Do </strong><br><br><strong>Location:</strong><strong> </strong>Brussels, Belgium</p>
<p class="p1">This role is based out of our Brussel office and follows a hybrid schedule. We rely on in-person collaboration and ask that team members work onsite with some flexibility, unless there is an approved workplace accommodation. We believe that connection fuels innovation, and our in-office culture is designed to foster meaningful teamwork, mentorship, and shared success.</p>
<p><br><strong>Reports to</strong>: Director of Engineering</p>
<ul>
<li>Participate in research and development of our next generation products</li>
<li>Design schematic, PCBs, test, verify prototypes and assist the Firmware and Software Engineering Teams in bringing up new boards</li>
<li>Design and build custom test systems for measuring the performance of our electronics systems</li>
<li>Test and measure boards, multi-board assemblies and electronic components such as batteries, motors, etc.</li>
<li>Support manufacturing and follow up designs when changes are required due to component obsolescence or unavailability</li>
</ul>
<h4><strong>What You Bring</strong></h4>
<ul>
<li>Bachelor’s degree in Electronics Engineering, Electrical Engineering or equivalent</li>
<li>6+ years of industry-leading electronics design experience with emphasis on designing densely populated, tightly packaged, battery-powered embedded systems.</li>
<li>A passion and curiosity for designing Embedded Electronics systems</li>
<li>Comfortable using test equipment such as DMM, oscilloscope, spectrum analyzer</li>
<li>Excellent hands-on skills: able to assemble board prototypes with lab equipment</li>
<li>Excellent all-round electronics knowledge, from analog to digital</li>
<li>Proficient doing multi-layer PCB layouts and/or rigid-flex designs</li>
<li>Awareness of EMC and signal integrity issues and best practices as they relate to PCB design</li>
<li>Knowledge of at least one EDA package: Altium Designer and/or Cadence OrCAD</li>
<li>Knowledge of the C and Python programming languages for test firmware development</li>
<li>Passion for Drones and Robots</li>
<li>English proficiency required, French and or Dutch are a plus</li>
<li>Any experience with the following is a plus:</li>
<ul>
<li>BLDC motors and motor controllers</li>
<li>EMC compliance and certification</li>
<li>CE/RED and FCC legislation</li>
<li>Embedded Linux</li>
</ul>
</ul>
<h4><strong>Benefits that Benefit You</strong></h4>
<ul>
<li>Competitive Base Salary</li>
<li>30 Vacation Days per Year</li>
<li>Annual Bonus Eligibility</li>
<li>Restricted Stock Unit Eligibility</li>
<li>Private Health Insurance</li>
<li>Emotional &amp; Mental Wellness support</li>
<li>Learning &amp; Development programs</li>
<li>Of course, we have free snacks and drinks in our offices</li>
</ul>
<p><em>Benefits listed herein may vary depending on the nature of your employment and the location where you work.</em></p><div class="content-conclusion"><p>Don’t meet every single requirement? That's ok. At Axon, we Aim Far. We think big with a long-term view because we want to reinvent the world to be a safer, better place. We are also committed to building diverse teams that reflect the communities we serve.</p>
<p>Studies have shown that women and people of color are less likely to apply to jobs unless they check every box in the job description. If you’re excited about this role and our mission to Protect Life but your experience doesn’t align perfectly with every qualification listed here, we encourage you to apply anyways. You may be just the right candidate for this or other roles.</p>
<p><strong>Important Notes</strong></p>
<p><em>The above job description is not intended as, nor should it be construed as, exhaustive of all duties, responsibilities, skills, efforts, or working conditions associated with this job. The job description may change or be supplemented at any time in accordance with business needs and conditions.</em></p>
<p><em>Some roles may also require legal eligibility to work in a firearms environment.</em></p>
<p><em>We collect personal information from applicants to evaluate candidates for employment. You may request access, deletion, or exercise other CCPA rights at&nbsp;<strong data-stringify-type="bold"><a class="c-link c-link--underline" href="mailto:axongreenhousesupport@axon.com" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="mailto:axongreenhousesupport@axon.com" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">axongreenhousesupport@axon.com</a></strong>&nbsp;or via our&nbsp;<a class="c-link c-link--underline" href="https://privacyportal.onetrust.com/webform/0efc1702-9321-4119-bc9d-a06c3a1d3e4e/ca57cc26-a159-4193-9f6e-58ffe3fd2509" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://privacyportal.onetrust.com/webform/0efc1702-9321-4119-bc9d-a06c3a1d3e4e/ca57cc26-a159-4193-9f6e-58ffe3fd2509" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">Axon Privacy Web Form</a>. For more information, please see the Your California Privacy Rights section of our&nbsp;<a class="c-link c-link--underline" href="https://www.axon.com/candidateprivacypolicy" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://www.axon.com/candidateprivacypolicy" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">Applicant and Candidate Privacy Notice.</a></em></p>
<p><em>Axon’s mission is to Protect Life and is committed to the well-being and safety of its employees as well as Axon’s impact on the environment. All Axon employees must be aware of and committed to the appropriate environmental, health, and safety regulations, policies, and procedures. Axon employees are empowered to report safety concerns as they arise and activities potentially impacting the environment.</em></p>
<p><em>We are an equal opportunity employer that promotes justice, advances equity, values diversity and fosters inclusion. We’re committed to hiring the best talent — regardless of race, creed, color, ancestry, religion, sex (including pregnancy), national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship status, marital status, disability, gender identity, genetic information, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances — and empowering all of our employees so they can do their best work. If you have a disability or special need that requires assistance or accommodation during the application or the recruiting process, please email <a href="mailto:recruitingops@axon.com">recruitingops@axon.com. </a>&nbsp;Please note that this email address is for accommodation purposes only. Axon will not respond to inquiries for other purposes.</em></p>
<p>Phishing alert:&nbsp; Axon will never ask you to pay for any part of the hiring process, including training, equipment, or background checks. We do not make job offers via text message, WhatsApp, or instant messaging platforms without a formal interview process.&nbsp; All legitimate job openings are listed on our official careers page at <a href="https://www.axon.com/careers">https://www.axon.com/careers</a>. &nbsp;If you receive a suspicious offer or outreach from an email address that is not <strong>@axon.com</strong>, or if you are asked for sensitive personal information (bank details, Social Security Number) prematurely, please ignore the message and report it to <a href="mailto:recruitingops@axon.com">recruitingops@axon.com</a>.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p></div>