<p><strong>This is Adyen</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Adyen provides payments, data, and financial products in a single solution for customers like Meta, Uber, H&amp;M, and Microsoft - making us the financial technology platform of choice. At Adyen, everything we do is engineered for ambition.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">For our teams, we create an environment with opportunities for our people to succeed, backed by the culture and support to ensure they are enabled to truly own their careers. We are motivated individuals who tackle unique technical challenges at scale and solve them as a team. Together, we deliver innovative and ethical solutions that help businesses achieve their ambitions faster.</span></p>
<p><strong>Financial Products</strong></p>
<p>Adyen is expanding beyond payments by building an entire suite of embedded financial services tailored for platforms, marketplaces, SaaS businesses, on-demand platforms, and crowdfunding platforms. Our team’s mission is to enable these platforms to manage their global payments and financial services seamlessly through API integrations or hosted solutions.</p>
<p>With our solutions, platforms can:</p>
<ul>
<li>Run onboarding, verification, and compliance processes across multiple markets.</li>
<li>Manage payments and trigger faster payouts and bank transfers in all preferred currencies.</li>
<li>Offer value-added services like capital lending and the issuing of payment cards and bank accounts.</li>
</ul>
<p>Our team is responsible for developing the technology behind this unified platform, focused on several different areas.</p>
<p><strong>Your role:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>You will build and maintain our<a href="https://www.adyen.com/blog/design-to-duty-adyen-architecture"> distributed</a> high-performance platform.</li>
<li>You will contribute to architectural design decisions and ensure the scalability of our platform.</li>
<li>You will help develop teammates, mentoring and coaching junior engineers and peers while maintaining a feedback loop to foster both your and their continuous growth.</li>
<li>You will be part of a diverse and inclusive team.&nbsp;</li>
<li>We launch fast and iterate often. Concretely, this means that within your first few weeks, you will bring code live that impacts many businesses and shoppers.</li>
<li>You will identify and improve parts of the platform to make it more robust and scalable.</li>
<li>Collaborate across teams and time zones to make things happen, review code and be open to feedback.</li>
<li>As an engineer you will help our core financial data processes and work on our finance infrastructure, to keep it scalable, reliable and secure.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Who you are:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>A <strong>Senior Software Engineer</strong> with experience working with object-oriented programming languages (Java).</li>
<li>You enjoy and have previous experiences mentoring (not managing) developers.</li>
<li>You have a deep understanding of the why, how, and where of architectural software design.&nbsp;</li>
<li>You are proficient in creating performance database queries and table structures.</li>
<li>You are a clear and concise communicator capable of articulating complex, technical concepts to both junior developers and non-technical peers.</li>
<li>You are flexible, a team player, and someone who understands the bigger picture.</li>
<li>You are able to take ownership and lead a project.</li>
<li>We are an international team and our working language is English, so you speak it fluently in both technical and non-technical contexts.</li>
<li>Our Tech Stack: Java 17, Web Services (RESTful) and SQL/PostgreSQL using MyBatis (ORM),&nbsp; Tomcat, Gradle, CockroachDB and Elasticsearch.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Our Diversity, Equity and Inclusion commitments&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Our unique approach is a product of our diverse perspectives. This diversity of backgrounds and cultures is essential in helping us maintain our momentum. Our business and technical challenges are unique, and we need as many different voices as possible to join us in solving them - voices like yours. No matter who you are or where you’re from, we welcome you to be your true self at Adyen.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Studies show that women and members of underrepresented communities apply for jobs only if they meet 100% of the qualifications. Does this sound like you? If so, Adyen encourages you to reconsider and apply. We look forward to your application!</span></p>
<p><strong>What’s next?</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Ensuring a smooth and enjoyable candidate experience is critical for us. We aim to get back to you regarding your application within 5 business days. Our interview process tends to take about 4 weeks to complete, but may fluctuate depending on the role. </span><a href="https://careers.adyen.com/how-we-hire"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Learn more about our hiring process here</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">. Don’t be afraid to let us know if you need more flexibility.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This role is based out of our Madrid office. We are an office-first company and value in-person collaboration; we do not offer remote-only roles.</span></p>