<div class="content-intro"><p><strong>Secure Every Identity, from AI to Human<br><br></strong>Identity is the key to unlocking the potential of AI. Okta secures AI by building the trusted, neutral infrastructure that enables organizations to safely embrace this new era. This work requires a relentless drive to solve complex challenges with real-world stakes. We are looking for builders and owners who operate with speed and urgency and execute with excellence.<br><br>This is an opportunity to do career-defining work. We're all in on this mission. If you are too, let's talk.</p></div><p><span style="font-weight: 400;">The Account Executive at Okta is responsible for all aspects of new customer acquisition and growth including management of the sales process for small to medium prospective customers as well as expansion within existing accounts.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">The Account Executive will focus on the Japan market, to develop and execute strategies and tactics in the following key areas: territory planning, prospecting, relationship development, running sales cycles, pricing presentation and delivery, negotiations, and closing.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Account Executives at Okta strive to understand the specific challenges that both prospects and customers are faced with and map Okta’s solutions accordingly to achieve the desired positive business outcomes. They will need to cultivate positive relationships with customers and key partners while maintaining a solid knowledge of Okta’s evolving technology as well as contending differentiators. In this high-velocity role, you’ll focus on small to mid-sized businesses, presenting both on-site and remotely. Expect to own deals from cradle-to-grave in collaboration with account teams, sales engineers, professional services, and partners.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">It is imperative that you demonstrate leadership qualities, ethical behavior, excellent work ethic and a focus on collaboration with both internal counterparts as well as customers.</span></p>
<p><strong>Job Duties and Responsibilities:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Build and execute against a comprehensive territory plan</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Prospect, build and maintain a robust sales pipeline</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Work with partners to extend reach &amp; new opportunities</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Significant experience presenting to C-level executives, in-person</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Manage sales cycle as well as key internal/external partners</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Accelerate customer adoption</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Manage contract negotiations</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Develop long-term strategic relationships with key accounts and ensure customer success</span></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Required Skills</strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">:</span></p>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Minimum 5 years of sales account management experience working for a technology vendor</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Previous sales experience across the Japan market&nbsp;</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">A track record of success selling to small to medium sized businesses</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">SaaS experience is preferred&nbsp;</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Strong verbal and written communications skills in Japanese, English is a plus&nbsp;</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Works well in teams and synergetic environment</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Extensive network of partnerships with customers, executives and peers</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Experience working with channel partners is preferred&nbsp;</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Strong leadership skills</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">BS/BA degree required</span></li>
</ul>
<p>#LI-KH1<br>P19456\_3395749</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong><br>The Okta Experience</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><a href="http://rewards.okta.com">Supporting Your Well-Being</a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="https://www.okta.com/company/okta-for-good/">Driving Social Impact&nbsp;</a></li>
<li><a href="https://www.okta.com/company/talent-connection-community/">Developing Talent and Fostering Connection + Community</a></li>
</ul>
<p>We are intentional about connection. Our global community, spanning over 20 offices worldwide, is united by a drive to innovate. Your journey begins with an immersive, in-person onboarding experience designed to accelerate your impact and connect you to our mission and team from day one.<br><br>Okta is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, marital status, age, physical or mental disability, or status as a protected veteran. We also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and convictions records, consistent with applicable laws.<br><br>If reasonable accommodation is needed to complete any part of the job application, interview process, or onboarding please&nbsp;<a href="https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1EfiEYZrIyhA2X4Fijk0R3RKYOzNoS3wtvyM4nhbZnXE/edit">use this Form</a> to request an accommodation.<br><br>Notice for New York City Applicants &amp; Employees: Okta may use Automated Employment Decision Tools (AEDT), as defined by New York City Local Law 144, that use artificial intelligence, machine learning, or other automated processes to assist in our recruitment and hiring process. In accordance with NYC Local Law 144, if you are an applicant or employee residing in New York City, please&nbsp;<a href="https://talent.okta.com/new-york-city-aedt-notice.html">click here</a> to view our full NYC AEDT Notice.<br><br>Okta is committed to complying with applicable data privacy and security laws and regulations. For more information, please see our Personnel and Job Candidate Privacy Notice at&nbsp;<a href="https://www.okta.com/legal/personnel-policy/">https://www.okta.com/legal/personnel-policy/</a>.</p></div>