Are you a wave-riding, internet-surfing enthusiast with a passion for cybersecurity? Come work for a unicorn that values your knowledge and creativity and encourages you to think outside the box.

Work on cutting-edge projects, keeping users safe online. Develop features, research threats, create videos, and help us make cybersecurity accessible to all. Ride the wave of success and make a difference in the cybersecurity world. Apply now to join Surfshark as an IT Administrator!

As the IT Engineer, you will oversee office IT service processes, own technologies, and ensure efficient technical implementations.

## If you want to:

- Manage and maintain the office IT infrastructure, including hardware, software, and network systems;
- Manage, tune, and define IT processes;
- Contribute to the security team’s projects like vulnerability management, endpoint hardening, software assessments;
- Create automations to make our processes more efficient;
- Oversee the daily operations of the office IT, ensuring prompt resolution of technical issues;
- Implement IT policies and procedures to optimize office productivity and implement security measures;
- Take ownership of IT technologies, evaluate their effectiveness, and recommend improvements or upgrades as needed;
- Ensure the office environment is up to date;
- Provide end-user training and support, assisting employees with technical inquiries and troubleshooting;
- Monitor system performance, identify areas for improvement, and implement proactive measures to optimize efficiency and minimize downtime;
- Stay up-to-date with the latest advancements in IT technology and best practices, recommending innovative solutions to enhance office productivity;
- Test new products and ensure implementation of confirmed changes;
- Maintain and update end-user asset inventory.

## And you can check off:

- Proven experience as an IT Administrator or in a similar role.
- Proficient in managing and troubleshooting Windows, Linux, and Mac operating systems.
- Knowledge of cloud-based services, virtualization, and remote access technologies.
- Solid understanding of networking concepts, protocols, and security best practices.
- Strong analytical and problem-solving skills, with the ability to diagnose and resolve complex technical issues.
- Ability to work independently, prioritize tasks, and meet deadlines in a fast-paced environment.
- Excellent technical aptitude and resourcefulness.
- Effective verbal and written communication skills for reporting and presentations.
- Good technical understanding of centralized management concepts.

## Here’s the deal:

- **Growth and learning opportunities:** time dedicated to learning, conferences, online learning platforms, and books for your professional development;
- **Health and wellness:** we want you to feel and be your best. That's why we offer various benefits, from online workouts and a physical coach to health insurance and regular mental health checks;
- **Tools of your choice:** choose the technical equipment and tools you need to do your best work;
- **Community and celebrations:** get ready for long-lasting traditions such as Beer Fridays, On the Wave of Things, and pastry Wednesdays with a touch of various team buildings and company celebrations;
- **Work-life balance:** as a general rule, we work based on a 3+2 hybrid model. And let’s not forget the WFA policy – an opportunity to work from anywhere in the world;
- **More days off:** additional vacation days depending on your tenure;
- **Premium Surfshark accounts:** for you, your family, and friends;
- **Gross salary:** 2900 - 4900 Eur/month. Although it may vary depending on your skills and experience.