We are looking for an experienced Senior Editor for Taiwan, to join Spotify’s Music Editorial team based in Taipei. In this role you will be part of the Music team in Southeast Asia, reporting to the regional Head of Editorial. You will contribute your expertise to various music-related projects within the company, including playlist curation, creative editorial work, and cross-functional collaboration with different teams in the region and beyond.

You will provide deep cultural and musical insights to create highly engaging and cohesive music experiences for listeners, extending beyond playlists, while ensuring an unbiased editorial voice for a wide array of moods, moments, and genres. Additionally, you will drive artist discovery through an extensive editorial ecosystem of playlists and tools, critically assessing music trends and user behavior to identify opportunities and emerging trends.

You will demonstrate a team player spirit, a passion for performance-oriented analytics, and a solid understanding of Spotify’s role in the music industry both locally and globally. Additionally, you will have a personality that thrives in engaging audiences through creative formats, bringing the playlists to life in innovative ways.

As a Senior Music Editor, you will be encouraged to make data-informed decisions while also contributing creative and cultural expertise. Above all, your work will impact the way the world experiences music and strengthen Spotify’s role as a trusted, culturally relevant voice in the music landscape.

## What You'll Do

- Develop and execute a holistic editorial strategy for Taiwan that aligns with regional business goals
- Shape and evolve our editorial voice across playlists, written and visual storytelling, and short-form content on and off platform
- Pioneer creative and innovative formats to bring playlists to life and deepen connection with listeners
- Proactively identify music trends, emerging talent, and opportunities in the local and global music landscape, acting as a cultural guide
- Curate cohesive, engaging playlists for Taiwan with compelling descriptions and commentary that resonate with audiences
- Lead editorial representation in high-impact cross-functional projects and strategic bets at both a regional and global level with teams like artist & label partnerships, marketing, design, PR, and product
- Maintain and refine a strong playlist ecosystem that supports artist discovery and deepens artist-fan engagement
- Analyze user behavior and performance data to optimize playlist engagement and make informed editorial decisions, translating high-level insights into actionable initiatives
- Collaborate with global and regional editorial teams on programming initiatives and strategies to enhance Spotify’s market position.

## Who You Are

- You have at least 8+ years of experience in the music industry, journalism, programming/curating music for digital, radio, TV, or other media outlets
- You have deep knowledge of music and culture, possessing broad expertise across all genres and styles, from Mandopop to C-Pop, Indie to Dance or Rock
- You are an expert at curating for diverse moods and moments, with a strategic passion for the global export of Mandopop
- You are skilled at leveraging data and audience insights to support editorial decisions and build clear narratives
- You are culturally aware, with the ability to critically evaluate music trends, emerging movements, and audience behavior beyond just data
- You are a confident storyteller and public speaker, fluent in English and Mandarin to effectively advocate for the market and secure stakeholder buy-in
- You are an excellent communicator, capable of connecting with audiences through written, video, or audio commentary to enhance playlists
- You’re a team player who is detail-oriented and consistently demonstrates a positive attitude
- You are adaptable and at ease navigating fast-changing priorities in a dynamic environment, comfortable navigating complex global-to-local organizational structures and aligning cross-functional teams around Editorial priorities
- You are curious about how technology and culture intersect, constantly exploring new, innovative formats to keep Spotify at the forefront of the cultural zeitgeist
- You are comfortable on-camera and experienced crafting social-first content and working with video production teams
- You are knowledgeable of Google Suite tools, comfortable with basic design tools and workflows, capable of creating visual assets like playlist covers when necessary.

## Where You'll Be

- This role is based in Taipei
- We offer you the flexibility to work where you work best! There will be some in person meetings, but still allows for flexibility to work from home

Spotify is an equal opportunity employer. You are welcome at Spotify for who you are, no matter where you come from, what you look like, or what’s playing in your headphones. Our platform is for everyone, and so is our workplace. The more voices we have represented and amplified in our business, the more we will all thrive, contribute, and be forward-thinking! So bring us your personal experience, your perspectives, and your background. It’s in our differences that we will find the power to keep revolutionizing the way the world listens.

At Spotify, we are passionate about inclusivity and making sure our entire recruitment process is accessible to everyone. We have ways to request reasonable accommodations during the interview process and help assist in what you need. If you need accommodations at any stage of the application or interview process, please let us know - we’re here to support you in any way we can.

Spotify transformed music listening forever when we launched in 2008. Our mission is to unlock the potential of human creativity by giving a million creative artists the opportunity to live off their art and billions of fans the chance to enjoy and be passionate about these creators. Everything we do is driven by our love for music and podcasting. Today, we are the world’s most popular audio streaming subscription service.