<p>Canonical is a leading provider of open source software and operating systems to the global enterprise and technology markets. Our platform, Ubuntu, is very widely used in breakthrough enterprise initiatives such as public cloud, data science, AI, engineering innovation, and IoT. Our customers include the world's leading public cloud and silicon providers, and industry leaders in many sectors. The company is a pioneer of global distributed collaboration, with 1200+ colleagues in 75+ countries and very few office-based roles. Teams meet two to four times yearly in person, in interesting locations around the world, to align on strategy and execution.</p>
<p>The company is founder-led, profitable, and growing.</p>
<p>Canonical's OEM Delivery Team works with tier-one OEM, IHV, and ODM customers to pre-load Ubuntu Classic, Ubuntu Core, and bring Ubuntu directly to millions of users. You will have the opportunity to enable cutting edge technology with world leading partners, and become the first contributor to the innovation.</p>
<p>We are hiring a <strong>Senior Ubuntu Embedded IoT System Engineer </strong>to represent Canonical with leading OEMs, ODMs, and silicon partners and to deliver the best user experience of Ubuntu on partner hardware for Robotics, Automotive, SmartNIC, Medical device, Industry gateway and many other products.</p>
<p>In this role, you will use your knowledge of Linux and hardware and improve Ubuntu for millions of users.&nbsp;</p>
<p>We work with the world's most significant silicon companies - Intel, AMD, Nvidia, Mediatek, Hisilicon, Samsung and more - to optimize Ubuntu on their next-generation chips. We also work with OEMs and ODMs - Dell, HP, Lenovo, Advantech, ADLink and many more - to ensure that Ubuntu works perfectly on their hardware.</p>
<p>This fast-paced environment requires excellent time management, insightful debugging, critical thinking, problem-solving skills and deep knowledge of the Linux system​.</p>
<p>Location: <em>This role will be based remotely in the EMEA region</em></p>
<h2><strong>The role entails</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Provide software and system engineering services for OEM and ODM customers</li>
<li>Work closely with partners on platform bring up</li>
<li>Work with project managers and Field/QA engineers to identify, triage, and fix critical problems</li>
<li>Work with individual upstream projects to find and apply patches for bugs</li>
<li>Conduct root cause analysis, collect and organize details to reproduce and explain results</li>
<li>Facilitate communication between Ubuntu, firmware and hardware engineering teams</li>
<li>Occasional international travel to the EU, USA, Taiwan and China</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<h2><strong>What we are looking for in you</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>A Bachelor or higher degree in STEM, preferably Computer Science or Electrical Engineering</li>
<li>Exceptional academic track record from both high school and university</li>
<li>Professional written and spoken English with excellent presentation skills</li>
<li>Familiar with C, Python and Bash</li>
<li>Familiar with linux boot up process</li>
<li>Linux kernel, boot and system-level architecture skills</li>
<li>Experience of bootloader development, such as u-boot</li>
<li>Software development on Arm or non-X86 platforms</li>
<li>Linux debugging and resolution abilities</li>
<li>Ability to be productive in a globally distributed team</li>
<li>Ability to learn fast to work on cutting edge technologies</li>
<li>Ability to travel internationally twice a year for company events up to two weeks long</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Nice-to-have skills</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Experience with system firmware, including uboot, UEFI, ACPI, DSDT, boot loaders, device firmware</li>
<li>Experience debugging power management on PCI ASPM, SATA ALPM, low power profiles</li>
<li>Experience in board design, bring up, and validation</li>
<li>Experience with electrical engineering design tools (e.g. schematic capture, layout)</li>
<li>Computer architecture knowledge of x86, ARM, RISC-V</li>
<li>Familiarity with Ubuntu development model</li>
<li>Shell/Python scripting skills</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>What we offer colleagues</strong></h2>
<p>We consider geographical location, experience, and performance in shaping compensation worldwide. We revisit compensation annually (and more often for graduates and associates) to ensure we recognize outstanding performance. In addition to base pay, we offer a performance-driven annual bonus or commission. We provide all team members with additional benefits which reflect our values and ideals. We balance our programs to meet local needs and ensure fairness globally.</p>
<ul>
<li>Distributed work environment with twice-yearly team sprints in person</li>
<li>Personal learning and development budget of USD 2,000 per year</li>
<li>Annual compensation review</li>
<li>Recognition rewards</li>
<li>Annual holiday leave</li>
<li>Maternity and paternity leave</li>
<li>Team Member Assistance Program &amp; Wellness Platform</li>
<li>Opportunity to travel to new locations to meet colleagues</li>
<li>Priority Pass and travel upgrades for long-haul company events</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>About Canonical</strong></h2>
<p>Canonical is a pioneering tech firm at the forefront of the global move to open source. As the company that publishes Ubuntu, one of the most important open-source projects and the platform for AI, IoT, and the cloud, we are changing the world of software. We recruit on a global basis and set a very high standard for people joining the company. We expect excellence; in order to succeed, we need to be the best at what we do. Most colleagues at Canonical have worked from home since our inception in 2004.​ Working here is a step into the future and will challenge you to think differently, work smarter, learn new skills, and raise your game.</p>
<h3>Canonical is an equal opportunity employer</h3>
<p>We are proud to foster a workplace free from discrimination. Diversity of experience, perspectives, and background create a better work environment and better products.<a href="https://canonical.com/careers/diversity/identity"> Whatever your identity, we will give your application fair consideration.</a></p>
<p>#LI-remote</p>
<p><br><br></p>