<p data-local-id="cd2a99c46125" data-prosemirror-content-type="node" data-prosemirror-node-name="paragraph" data-prosemirror-node-block="true" data-pm-slice="1 1 []">As a ML Platform Engineer, you will build and evolve the platform that takes our machine learning models from research to reliable, scalable production. Working at the intersection of machine learning, infrastructure, and software engineering, you will partner closely with ML engineers to improve performance, reliability, cost efficiency, and the overall maturity of our ML <span id="3f49d6ec-b64e-477b-a6f2-7c1e95015e28" data-mark-type="annotation" data-mark-annotation-type="inlineComment" data-id="3f49d6ec-b64e-477b-a6f2-7c1e95015e28" data-prosemirror-content-type="mark" data-prosemirror-mark-name="annotation">platform</span>.</p>
<p data-local-id="6a18d39354f3" data-prosemirror-content-type="node" data-prosemirror-node-name="paragraph" data-prosemirror-node-block="true">If you enjoy designing robust systems, automating complex workflows, and optimising ML platforms for performance, reliability, and cost, this role is for you.</p>
<p data-local-id="964a9ba27440" data-prosemirror-content-type="node" data-prosemirror-node-name="heading" data-prosemirror-node-block="true"><strong><span id="69526062-b65f-4711-9d5a-56c987f948c4" data-mark-type="annotation" data-mark-annotation-type="inlineComment" data-id="69526062-b65f-4711-9d5a-56c987f948c4" data-prosemirror-content-type="mark" data-prosemirror-mark-name="annotation">What you will be doing</span></strong></p>
<ul>
<li data-local-id="e52179548ea2" data-prosemirror-content-type="node" data-prosemirror-node-name="paragraph" data-prosemirror-node-block="true">Designing, building, and maintaining scalable ML platforms, tools, and infrastructure that enable teams to efficiently train, experiment with, and evaluate machine learning models</li>
<li data-local-id="e52179548ea2" data-prosemirror-content-type="node" data-prosemirror-node-name="paragraph" data-prosemirror-node-block="true">Modernising the ML platform by migrating workloads from SGE Grid Engine to Kubernetes‑based orchestration systems such as Slurm or Ray, improving scalability, reliability, and efficiency of ML workflows.</li>
<li data-local-id="e52179548ea2" data-prosemirror-content-type="node" data-prosemirror-node-name="paragraph" data-prosemirror-node-block="true">Modernising the ML workflows with cutting-edge tools for pipeline orchestration, experiment tracking, observability, and model versioning.</li>
<li data-local-id="e52179548ea2" data-prosemirror-content-type="node" data-prosemirror-node-name="paragraph" data-prosemirror-node-block="true">Optimising ML infrastructure to maximise GPU utilisation, streamline scheduling, and enhance distributed training performance.</li>
<li data-local-id="e52179548ea2" data-prosemirror-content-type="node" data-prosemirror-node-name="paragraph" data-prosemirror-node-block="true">Building and maintaining CI/CD workflows for ML systems, including model versioning, testing, and release automation.</li>
<li data-local-id="e52179548ea2" data-prosemirror-content-type="node" data-prosemirror-node-name="paragraph" data-prosemirror-node-block="true">Collaborating closely with ML engineers to ensure models are deployable, reproducible, and production-ready.</li>
<li data-local-id="e52179548ea2" data-prosemirror-content-type="node" data-prosemirror-node-name="paragraph" data-prosemirror-node-block="true">Continuously evaluating new tools, frameworks, and approaches to improve the efficiency, reliability, and maturity of the ML platform.</li>
<li data-local-id="e52179548ea2" data-prosemirror-content-type="node" data-prosemirror-node-name="paragraph" data-prosemirror-node-block="true">Promoting operational excellence by reducing manual processes, improving automation, and raising the overall platform reliability and efficiency.</li>
<li data-local-id="e52179548ea2" data-prosemirror-content-type="node" data-prosemirror-node-name="paragraph" data-prosemirror-node-block="true">Contributing to the ML platform roadmap, tooling standards, and best practices to support excellence in Voice AI.</li>
</ul>
<p data-local-id="66c1fb2d8b35" data-prosemirror-content-type="node" data-prosemirror-node-name="heading" data-prosemirror-node-block="true" data-pm-slice="1 1 []"><strong>Who we are looking for:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li data-section-id="dmlkri" data-start="0" data-end="133">Python skills for production systems</li>
<li data-section-id="dmlkri" data-start="0" data-end="133">Proven ability to optimise model training and inference, including GPU-based and distributed workloads</li>
<li data-section-id="tbq7ru" data-start="241" data-end="328">Experience with containerisation and orchestration tools (e.g., Docker, Kubernetes)</li>
<li data-section-id="19zlsz2" data-start="329" data-end="413">Strong background in monitoring, observability, and reliability for ML platforms</li>
<li data-section-id="1pj26ko" data-start="414" data-end="503">Hands-on experience across cloud, on-premises, and hybrid infrastructure environments</li>
<li data-section-id="qdjb9c" data-start="504" data-end="604">Solid understanding of ML fundamentals, including training, evaluation, and lifecycle management</li>
<li data-section-id="1ee845o" data-start="605" data-end="719">Familiarity with CI/CD, version control, reproducible workflows, and ML frameworks (e.g., PyTorch, TensorFlow)</li>
<li data-section-id="r9e6qy" data-start="720" data-end="849" data-is-last-node="">Experience with large-scale data/AI platforms, experiment tracking, and governance, plus strong cross-team collaboration skills</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><p><em><span class="ui-provider a b c d e f g h i j k l m n o p q r s t u v w x y z ab ac ae af ag ah ai aj ak">We encourage you to apply even if you do not feel you match all of the requirements exactly. The list of requirements is intended to show the kinds of experience and qualities we’re looking for, but it is not exhaustive. If you are interested in the role, the team, and our mission, we would love to consider your application. We are always open to conversations and look forward to hearing from you.</span></em></p>
<p><strong>Who we are:</strong></p>
<p class="p1">Speechmatics is the leading expert in Speech Intelligence, and uses AI and Machine Learning to unlock business value in human speech worldwide. We work with an amazing mix of global companies, and our technology can integrate into our customers stack irrespective of their industry or use case – making it the go-to solution to harness useful information from speech.</p>
<p class="p1">Joining us means working with some of the smartest minds around the world, focused on cutting-edge projects and deploying the latest techniques to disrupt the market. We believe in putting people first; we’ll do all we can to help you develop your skills and give you the tools you need to thrive. Our Focus Fridays give you an undisturbed day of focus, offset with Together Tuesdays when we have our team meetings, so you've always got the right balance.</p>
<p class="p1">We have structured a hybrid approach that includes 2-3 designated office days each week. This arrangement ensures that while we embrace the advantages of remote work, we also maintain the vital connection and synergy that only in-person interactions can foster.</p>
<p class="p1">This is only the beginning; we’re looking for amazing people like you to continue our journey…</p>
<p class="p1"><strong>What we can offer you:<br></strong></p>
<p class="p1">No matter what stage of your career you’re at - from paid internships and first-job opportunities through to management and senior positions - we’ll support you with the training and development needed to reach your career aspirations with us. There really is no shortage of opportunities here for you to get involved and collaborate with those around you to deliver your best work.</p>
<p class="p1">We offer incredibly flexible working, regular company lunches, and birthday celebrations. But that’s not all. We’ve spoken to our teams to find out what they want. From Private Medical, and Dental for you and your family, through to global working opportunities, a generous holiday allowance and pension/401K matching, we want to make sure our employees and their families are looked after. Every employee will receive a working from home allowance for tech or home office equipment (on top of your choice of laptop and accessories of course). Our approach to parental leave is designed to support employees globally. While this varies by geo, we have support in place for parents (including adoption assistance and reproductive health services) to ensure they have the time and financial resources needed to care for their growing families.</p>
<p><strong>At Speechmatics, our mission is simple: Understand Every Voice out there.</strong>&nbsp;</p>
<p>That's not just about our tech – it's the heart and soul of who we are.&nbsp;We welcome different experiences, viewpoints, and identities. For us, it’s not just the right thing to do; it’s our catalyst for sparking innovation and creativity. Our teams thrive in an environment that celebrates and supports everyone – no matter their gender, identity or expression, race, disability, age, sexual orientation, religion, belief, marital status, national origin, veteran status, pregnancy, or maternity status.</p>
<p>But we don’t just open the door to diversity – we actively welcome it. Why? Because we believe every unique voice adds something special to our team, leading us to smarter solutions and a better workplace.</p>
<p><strong>So, come as you are and join our Speechling community.</strong> We’re building a place where every voice not only gets heard but is also respected and valued.</p>
<p>For more information on us<sub>,&nbsp;</sub>please visit&nbsp;<a href="https://www.speechmatics.com/">our website</a> and follow Speechmatics on our social channels via&nbsp;<a href="https://twitter.com/Speechmatics/">Twitter</a>, <a href="https://www.facebook.com/speechmatics/">Facebook</a>, <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/company/speechmatics/">LinkedIn</a>, and <a href="https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCaZUN77-Wq0XQg5ICHLxKVw/">YouTube.</a></p>
<h5><strong><em>We rely on legitimate interest as a legal basis for processing personal information under the GDPR for purposes of recruitment and applications for employment.&nbsp;</em></strong></h5>
<h5><span style="color: #ffffff;"><strong>#LI-Hybrid</strong></span></h5></div>