<p><strong>Available Start Dates: February / April / July / September 2026<br><br><br></strong>Looking to start your career in a fast-paced commercial role? Seeking to have immediate personal impact with a clear career path ahead of you? If so, our Associate Program is the right choice for you.</p>
<p>We are looking for a bilingual (English/Mandarin) Client Service Associate to join our exclusive global mobility program. This unique opportunity allows you to launch your career across two of AlphaSights’ world-class locations:</p>
<ul>
<li><strong>Phase 1: Shanghai (12–18 months):</strong> Immerse yourself in our Shanghai office for comprehensive training. You will gain a foundational understanding of the AlphaSights business, receiving hands-on coaching in project management and high-impact sales.</li>
<li><strong>Phase 2: New York (18 months): </strong>following your Shanghai rotation, you will transition to our New York office to apply your skills and further accelerate your long-term career with us.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Visa Requirements: </strong>Candidates must currently hold work authorization for China and have not studied in the US. AlphaSights is happy to sponsor visas for the US rotation; however, candidates with existing US work authorization are also encouraged to apply.</p>
<p><strong><br>About AlphaSights</strong></p>
<p>We bring together some of the most ambitious people from around the globe to work with the leading investment funds, strategy consultancies and Fortune 500 companies. Together, we help our clients access expert knowledge, elevate their decision-making and drive progress by connecting them with niche experts across the world.</p>
<p>Founded in 2008, our journey has been nothing short of extraordinary. With 2,000+ professionals in nine cities worldwide, we’ve firmly earned our place as a leader in our market and one of the fastest-growing companies in the world. Our relentless pursuit of excellence means we only hire the best and brightest graduates to help us reach new heights.</p>
<p><strong>Springboard your career with us if:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>You thrive in a fast-paced, results-oriented environment.</li>
<li>You excel under pressure and enjoy working to tight deadlines.</li>
<li>You are gritty, resilient and ready to roll up your sleeves and make things happen.</li>
<li>You’re looking to utilize your multilingual skills and work with a diverse group of driven talent.</li>
<li>You’re looking to develop a strong business acumen and work across different industries.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong><br>A day in the life of an Associate</strong></p>
<p>As an Associate in the Client Service team, you’ll be the link between our clients and the expert knowledge they seek. Throughout your workday, you’ll work on multiple projects from investors, strategists and dealmakers at top-tier client organizations seeking expert insights to inform their decision-making. This is a communications-intense frontline role requiring you to multitask across parallel workstreams.</p>
<p>Your responsibilities will include:</p>
<ul>
<li><strong>Recruiting experts</strong>: you will spend a significant part of your day speaking on the phone with experts who are uniquely relevant matches for your clients’ projects, often under tight deadlines.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Understanding the <strong>project and market context </strong>and the legal and regulatory environment in which your clients and experts operate.&nbsp;</li>
<li><strong>Taking ownership </strong>of every aspect of your projects, from initiating and managing client-expert communications to meticulously scheduling calls to ensure seamless collaboration between them.</li>
</ul>
<p>Ensuring success for our Associates means:&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>Giving you an <strong>introduction to the business world </strong>without being pigeonholed into any one industry or profession.</li>
<li>Helping you <strong>develop transferable commercial and client management skills</strong> spanning professional communications, negotiation, persuasion, project and time management.</li>
<li>A<strong> clear career path for advancement</strong> to Manager after 24-30 months, and to Vice President after ~5 years.</li>
<li>Successful completion of the Associate Program may qualify you for our <strong>MBA Tuition Program,</strong> which provides financial support towards the program cost of some of the top business schools worldwide.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;<br><strong>Requirements</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Undergraduate degree, no subsequent experience necessary<strong>&nbsp;</strong></li>
<li>Have never studied in a university based in the US in the past</li>
<li>Track record of strong academic performance (minimum GPA of 3.3 or 2:1 equivalent)&nbsp;</li>
<li>Extracurricular achievement throughout school and university</li>
<li>Internship experience evidencing an interest in business</li>
<li>Outstanding communication skills</li>
<li>Fluent in both English and Mandarin at business level or above</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Compensation and benefits (Shanghai)</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Expect total first-year compensation ranging from CNY 304,000 (average performance) to CNY 406,700 (very strong performance) consisting of (i) annual base salary of 192,000 and (ii) uncapped variable compensation linked to individual performance</li>
<li>10 days annual leave, 1 additional day per year of service up to 15 days, six months full maternity leave, and six weeks full paternity leave</li>
<li>AlphaSights pays 100% for Private Health Insurance through CITIC-Prudential Life, which includes outpatient and inpatient expenses, critical illness and accidental injury, annual health checks, and dental care. We have benchmarked our insurance to be competitive and comprehensive</li>
<li>Social insurance</li>
<ul>
<li>AlphaSights contributes to public housing funds and all five types of Chinese social insurance into your personal account, including pension, unemployment, work injury, childbirth, and public medical insurance</li>
</ul>
<li>Optional WFH on Friday plus an additional four WFH days every three months</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>AlphaSights is an equal-opportunity employer.&nbsp;</p>