<div class="content-intro"><div data-lark-html-role="root"><span class="text-only" data-eleid="5"><span class="text-only">Join us as we scale our business by building on our tremendous success around the world. The massive database market is going to double over the next few years and </span><span class="text-only text-with-abbreviation text-with-abbreviation-bottomline">TiDB</span><span class="text-only"> is a global player positioned as a major disruptor with TiDB Database and </span><span class="text-only text-with-abbreviation text-with-abbreviation-bottomline">Database as a Service</span><span class="text-only"> offering. TiDB is the proven enterprise database foundation for the AI era. We help companies solve today’s database problems. Cost, scale, downtime, and complexity. With a distributed </span><span class="text-only text-with-abbreviation text-with-abbreviation-bottomline">SQL</span><span class="text-only"> architecture that is already battle-tested at enterprise scale. And now we help those same companies future-proof for innovating with AI, by giving them one unified foundation for transactional state, vector context, real-time analytics, and safe agent operations. In a world where AI agents need to work on fresh data, act safely, and scale economically, TiDB is not another database add-on. It is the highway system for agentic workloads. Large and high-growth organizations in markets as varied as financial services, logistics, gaming, e-commerce and software as a service have successfully deployed and expanded their TiDB footprint on mission-critical applications. Our strong open-source community roots (40,000+ stars on GitHub), innovative products and inclusive culture draw passionate and dedicated people to our company. Learn more about TiDB careers and join our team to be at the forefront of innovation and growth.</span></span></div></div><div>
<h3>Role Overview</h3>
<div>You have the rare combination of technical savviness and business acumen, and you’re looking for a career where you can utilize both as a Solutions Architect at PingCAP, you will hone each of these skills by advising a diverse set of customers on what is possible using TiDB.</div>
<div>&nbsp;</div>
<div>We are seeking a highly skilled Solution Architect /Presales to join our dynamic team. The Solution Architect /Presales will be responsible for designing and implementing innovative solutions to meet our clients' business needs. The ideal candidate will have a strong technical background, excellent problem-solving skills, and the ability to communicate complex concepts effectively to both technical and non-technical stakeholders.</div>
<div>&nbsp;</div>
<div>PingCAP’s Solutions Architects are empowered to come up with creative solutions on the spot so we are looking for someone willing to challenge the status quo and throw out the manual on occasion. We welcome candidates with an entrepreneurial mindset to work together with our talented team. Be prepared to roll up your sleeves, remain flexible, and hit the ground running with a go-getter mentality.</div>
<h3>Responsibilities</h3>
</div>
<div>
<div>
<ul>
<li>Educate prospects and customers on what is possible with TiDB and share best practices for integrating into their applications</li>
<li>Understand customer requirements and communicate the business value of solving technology problems using TiDB</li>
<li>Guide the design and deployment of hybrid transactional and analytical databases that impact multiple functional areas of a customer’s organization</li>
<li>Work on RFPs / customer’s technical requirements with the Sales team</li>
<li>Prepare demos and proofs-of-concept to demonstrate various use cases for TiDB</li>
<li>Create technical content to show customers how to integrate TiDB or implement best practices for new technologies</li>
<li>During a customer's implementation, assist backend developers, database administrators, product managers, and project owners with any and all technical questions that arise</li>
<li>Assist developers with debugging their database integrations, and suggesting code optimization in a variety of programming languages</li>
<li>Document the architectural solutions that customers have designed and deployed</li>
<li>Distill and communicate customer needs and product feedback to Product Management, Engineering, Marketing, and Sales</li>
<li>Public speaking by participating in physical or online events</li>
</ul>
</div>
<div>
<h3>Qualifications</h3>
</div>
<div>
<ul>
<li>Proven experience as a Solution Architect or similar role, with a minimum of 2-5 years of experience in solution design and implementation</li>
<li>Excellent communication and interpersonal skills, with the ability to articulate complex technical concepts to both technical and non-technical audiences</li>
<li>Strong technical proficiency in a wide range of technologies, including but not limited to cloud computing, microservices architecture, API design, database systems, and security principles.</li>
<li>A strong Database experience is a must. MySQL experience is most preferred.</li>
<li>A strong understanding of the software development lifecycle;</li>
<li>Working understanding of code and script in Python, Shell, or Golang is a plus.</li>
<li>Docker/Kubernetes knowledge is a strong plus.</li>
<li>Experience in one or more public cloud environments, e.g. AWS, Azure, Google Cloud Platform;</li>
<li>Typically 15-25% travel, depending on role</li>
<li>Bachelor's degree in Engineering, Computer Science, MIS or a comparable field is preferred.</li>
<li>Fluency in English is required.</li>
<li>Experience in technical support of databases (MySQL, Postgres, Oracle, MongoDB, etc) or big data systems (Kafka, Cassandra, Elasticsearch, Hadoop, Spark, etc) is a strong plus.</li>
<li>Experience in operating MySQL, Cassandra, Postgres, and other transactional databases in a large-scale production environment is a strong plus.</li>
<li>Experience in operating databases in Kubernetes or public cloud environments is a strong plus.</li>
</ul>
</div>
</div><div class="content-conclusion"><p><em>We encourage people from underrepresented groups to apply. Come advance with us! In keeping with our values, no employee or applicant will face discrimination/harassment based on: race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, age, gender, marital domestic partner status, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability status, or veteran status. TiDB also strives to prevent other, subtler forms of inappropriate behavior (e.g., stereotyping) from ever gaining a foothold in our organization. Whether blatant or hidden, barriers to success have no place at TiDB.</em></p></div>