<div class="content-intro"><p>Intercom is the AI Customer Service company on a mission to help businesses provide incredible customer experiences.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Our AI agent Fin, the most advanced customer service AI agent on the market, lets businesses deliver always-on, impeccable customer service and ultimately transform their customer experiences for the better. Fin can also be combined with our Helpdesk to become a complete solution called the Intercom Customer Service Suite, which provides AI enhanced support for the more complex or high touch queries that require a human agent.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Founded in 2011 and trusted by nearly 30,000 global businesses, Intercom is setting the new standard for customer service. Driven by our core values, we push boundaries, build with speed and intensity, and consistently deliver incredible value to our customers.</p></div><h1><strong>Data Scientist - Growth</strong></h1>
<h2><strong>What's the opportunity?&nbsp;</strong></h2>
<p>The Research, Analytics &amp; Data Science (RAD) team is made up of data scientists and researchers who partner with our product teams to measure and understand the impact of what we ship and to identify and size opportunities to make our product better. If you get really excited about asking the right questions, exploring patterns in data and fighting for decisions based on data and research, then this team is for you.</p>
<p>For this role, we are looking for a Data Scientist to work in our Growth team in Dublin, partnering with the product, design and engineering teams who own our trial experience and pricing to figure out where we can improve trial activation and ultimately, Intercom’s commercial performance.</p>
<h2><strong>What will I be doing?&nbsp;</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>You’ll identify opportunities to improve our trial experience and pricing by reviewing our funnel, analysing customer feedback and studying competitor products&nbsp;</li>
<li>You’ll measure outcomes and develop success metrics to understand the impact of changes to our trial experience and pricing</li>
<li>You’ll contribute to projects that improve the tools and infrastructure that data scientists use to do their work.</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>What experience and skills do I need?&nbsp;</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>2+ years experience working as a data scientist or analyst</li>
<li>Excellent communication skills and a focus on impact</li>
<li>Early experience leveraging AI tools (e.g. Cursor, Claude Code) for data science work</li>
<li>Strong SQL skills</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Bonus skills &amp; attributes&nbsp;</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Experience working on a B2B SaaS product</li>
</ul>
<h2>Benefits&nbsp;</h2>
<p>We are a well treated bunch, with awesome benefits! If there’s something important to you that’s not on this list, talk to us! :)</p>
<ul>
<li>Competitive salary and equity in a fast-growing start-up</li>
<li>Unlimited access to Claude Code and best-in-class AI tools; experimentation &amp; building is encouraged &amp; celebrated.&nbsp;</li>
<li>We serve lunch every weekday, plus a variety of snack foods and a fully stocked kitchen</li>
<li>Regular compensation reviews - we reward great work</li>
<li>Peace of mind with life assurance, as well as comprehensive health and dental insurance for you and your dependents</li>
<li>Open vacation policy and flexible holidays so you can take time off when you need it</li>
<li>Paid maternity leave, as well as 6 weeks paternity leave for fathers, to let you spend valuable time with your loved ones</li>
<li>MacBooks are our standard, but we’re happy to get you whatever equipment helps you get your job done</li>
</ul>
<p>#LI-Hybrid</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>Policies&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>Intercom has a hybrid working policy. We believe that working in person helps us stay connected, collaborate easier and create a great culture while still providing flexibility to work from home. We expect employees to be in the office at least three days per week.</p>
<p>We have a radically open and accepting culture at Intercom. We avoid spending time on divisive subjects to foster a safe and cohesive work environment for everyone. As an organization, our policy is to not advocate on behalf of the company or our employees on any social or political topics out of our internal or external communications. We respect personal opinion and expression on these topics on personal social platforms on personal time, and do not challenge or confront anyone for their views on non-work related topics. Our goal is to focus on doing incredible work to achieve our goals and unite the company through our <a href="https://www.intercom.com/careers">core values</a>.&nbsp;&nbsp;</p>
<p>Intercom values diversity and is committed to a policy of Equal Employment Opportunity. Intercom will not discriminate against an applicant or employee on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, national origin, ancestry, sex, gender, age, physical or mental disability, veteran or military status, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, marital status, or any other legally recognized protected basis under federal, state, or local law.</p></div>