<div class="content-intro"><h4><strong>Join Axon and be a Force for Good.</strong></h4>
<p>At Axon, we’re on a mission to Protect Life. We’re explorers, pursuing society’s most critical safety and justice issues with our ecosystem of devices and cloud software. Like our products, we work better together. We connect with candor and care, seeking out diverse perspectives from our customers, communities and each other.<br><br>Life at Axon is fast-paced, challenging and meaningful. Here, you’ll take ownership and drive real change. Constantly grow as you work hard for a mission that matters at a company where you matter.</p></div><p><strong>Reporting to: Director, EMEA Professional Services </strong><br><strong>Direct Reports: None</strong><br><strong>Location: Germany</strong><br><strong>Travel expectations: 60%+ including international travel </strong><br><br><strong>Your Impact</strong><br>Axon is seeking talented a Professional Services Manager to join a brand-new team in supporting our growing customer base with Axon product deployments predominantly in DACH and occasionally in wider EMEA region. Sitting between a sales, and Business as Usual (BAU) a Professional Services Manager has broad technical knowledge, product implementation experience and a customer-centric attitude, as well as the ability to work collaboratively and with agility in a fast moving and often ambiguous environment. You will become an expert in Axon's SaaS and devices products, consultation and deployment programs, and work with Professional Services colleagues, sales, training, customer support, customer success and product teams to ensure a positive and successful product implementation experience for our customers; resulting in strong partnerships. Your efforts will directly impact revenue-earning business activities, and you will frequently manage multiple high-priority, deadline-driven projects at once. Additionally, as a subject-matter expert in your region, you will be collaborating with your teammates on designing and improving Professional Services processes related to consultation and implementation in EMEA region, as well as assisting on a variety of other deployment related projects and tasks.<br><br>Your primary objective will be to delight the customer by working with them to implement Axon’s network of solutions and products, in line with customer’s expectations and delivering both quality and value, as soon as possible in their lifecycle, by being Sharp, Adaptable and Unstoppable.<br><br><strong>Your Day to Day</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Engage with clients pre-sale to implement Trial and Evaluation programs with Axon products; collaborate internally on RFP/RFI responses.</li>
<li>Liaise with clients post-sale and coordinate across internal functions and external vendor(s) to develop project documentation including project and deployment plans, SOW for deployments</li>
<li>Travel to customer sites; liaise with clients post-sale to consult and coordinate on deployment tasks that need to be completed.</li>
<li>Install, configure, troubleshoot and test Axon hardware products and software solutions (both cloud and on-prem) at customer sites or remotely; execute assessments to meet customer needs.</li>
<li>Ensure successful knowledge transfer to customers by providing technical training, consultation and demonstrations on Axon solutions; customise and localise materials.</li>
<li>Act as the main point of contact for customers during deployment and in hyper-care, to ensure a positive and successful engagement with Axon and our products.</li>
<li>Validate product updates and new releases to ensure a successful customer product experience; monitor release notes.</li>
<li>Ensure that all implementations comply with local laws and regulations, particularly those related to data protection and privacy (such as GDPR in Europe). Advocate for and implement industry best practices during implementation.</li>
<li>Advocate customer needs by submitting software bugs and feature requests to product teams for assessment and resolution or development.</li>
<li>Ability to self-manage and work autonomously, yet promptly escalate issues to team manager when appropriate.</li>
<li>Communicate and interact professionally with sales, product, engineers, customer support, customer success and commercial operations team members.</li>
<li>Closely collaborate and share product and process knowledge with your peers and Axon channel partners in your region.</li>
<li>Collaborate cross-functionally to ensure everyone is up-to-date on customer requirements, changes, timelines, and project status.</li>
<li>Develop a smooth product deployment experience for our customers</li>
</ul>
<p><br><strong>What You Bring</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Bachelor degree or higher in IT/Business or relevant professional experience (3+ years in IT Consultancy, Professional Services, Field Services or Sales Engineering)</li>
<li>German speaker, other European languages is a plus. English proficiency is essential.</li>
<li>Advanced understanding of IT/Networking concepts including Microsoft Server &amp; Client operating systems, Microsoft SQL Server, Microsoft Active Directory, Microsoft Azure (specifically Entra ID), APIs, Network Administration (TCP/IP, DHCP, DNS, SSH, Firewalls) and/or similar certifications</li>
<li>Experience in a SaaS and hardware/software company; knowledge and demonstrated experience in one or more of the following areas of specialisation: Mobile Device Management, Mobile Application Management, Mobile Applications &amp; Communications, Digital Video, Body Worn Cameras, Conductive Energy Weapons, In-vehicle Video, Vehicle Electronics, Drones, Interview Room Software, Digital Evidence Management Systems, Forensic Analysis Tools.</li>
<li>Strong ability to troubleshoot and solve technical problems with an understanding of troubleshooting methodologies</li>
<li>Familiarity with remote &amp; on-site hardware and software installation and configuration</li>
<li>Experience consulting to meet the needs of the customer</li>
<li>Practice providing demonstrations and training on software and hardware products in front of large groups, on-site or remote.</li>
<li>Experience simultaneously managing a varied portfolio of implementation projects</li>
<li>Proven ability to directly engage/manage both internal and external customer relationships</li>
<li>Adaptable to continual product or process changes</li>
<li>Ability to multitask with a variety of job duties</li>
<li>Ability to effectively communicate and work cross-functionally to resolve issues</li>
<li>Strong work ethic and positive/proactive attitude</li>
<li>Proficiency in Microsoft Office Suite, Salesforce, Microsoft SharePoint, Microsoft Dynamics 365, Zoom, Teams and JIRA</li>
<li>Cisco Network, Microsoft Azure, Cradlepoint CPCNA/CPCNP or related certifications preferable</li>
<li>Availability or willingness to obtain Drone Pilot Certifications and/or Vehicle Electronics Certifications</li>
<li>Experience working and supporting law enforcement or public sector clients</li>
</ul>
<p>#LI-Remote</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p>Don’t meet every single requirement? That's ok. At Axon, we Aim Far. We think big with a long-term view because we want to reinvent the world to be a safer, better place. We are also committed to building diverse teams that reflect the communities we serve.</p>
<p>Studies have shown that women and people of color are less likely to apply to jobs unless they check every box in the job description. If you’re excited about this role and our mission to Protect Life but your experience doesn’t align perfectly with every qualification listed here, we encourage you to apply anyways. You may be just the right candidate for this or other roles.</p>
<p><strong>Important Notes</strong></p>
<p><em>The above job description is not intended as, nor should it be construed as, exhaustive of all duties, responsibilities, skills, efforts, or working conditions associated with this job. The job description may change or be supplemented at any time in accordance with business needs and conditions.</em></p>
<p><em>Some roles may also require legal eligibility to work in a firearms environment.</em></p>
<p><em>We collect personal information from applicants to evaluate candidates for employment. You may request access, deletion, or exercise other CCPA rights at&nbsp;<strong data-stringify-type="bold"><a class="c-link c-link--underline" href="mailto:axongreenhousesupport@axon.com" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="mailto:axongreenhousesupport@axon.com" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">axongreenhousesupport@axon.com</a></strong>&nbsp;or via our&nbsp;<a class="c-link c-link--underline" href="https://privacyportal.onetrust.com/webform/0efc1702-9321-4119-bc9d-a06c3a1d3e4e/ca57cc26-a159-4193-9f6e-58ffe3fd2509" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://privacyportal.onetrust.com/webform/0efc1702-9321-4119-bc9d-a06c3a1d3e4e/ca57cc26-a159-4193-9f6e-58ffe3fd2509" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">Axon Privacy Web Form</a>. For more information, please see the Your California Privacy Rights section of our&nbsp;<a class="c-link c-link--underline" href="https://www.axon.com/candidateprivacypolicy" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://www.axon.com/candidateprivacypolicy" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">Applicant and Candidate Privacy Notice.</a></em></p>
<p><em>Axon’s mission is to Protect Life and is committed to the well-being and safety of its employees as well as Axon’s impact on the environment. All Axon employees must be aware of and committed to the appropriate environmental, health, and safety regulations, policies, and procedures. Axon employees are empowered to report safety concerns as they arise and activities potentially impacting the environment.</em></p>
<p><em>We are an equal opportunity employer that promotes justice, advances equity, values diversity and fosters inclusion. We’re committed to hiring the best talent — regardless of race, creed, color, ancestry, religion, sex (including pregnancy), national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship status, marital status, disability, gender identity, genetic information, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances — and empowering all of our employees so they can do their best work. If you have a disability or special need that requires assistance or accommodation during the application or the recruiting process, please email <a href="mailto:recruitingops@axon.com">recruitingops@axon.com. </a>&nbsp;Please note that this email address is for accommodation purposes only. Axon will not respond to inquiries for other purposes.</em></p>
<p>Phishing alert:&nbsp; Axon will never ask you to pay for any part of the hiring process, including training, equipment, or background checks. We do not make job offers via text message, WhatsApp, or instant messaging platforms without a formal interview process.&nbsp; All legitimate job openings are listed on our official careers page at <a href="https://www.axon.com/careers">https://www.axon.com/careers</a>. &nbsp;If you receive a suspicious offer or outreach from an email address that is not <strong>@axon.com</strong>, or if you are asked for sensitive personal information (bank details, Social Security Number) prematurely, please ignore the message and report it to <a href="mailto:recruitingops@axon.com">recruitingops@axon.com</a>.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p></div>