<div class="content-intro"><div>
<p>We’re a fast-growing tech scale-up with $36M in funding, revolutionizing the modern internet with cutting-edge solutions that drive mass-adoption.&nbsp;We already work with major brands such as Uber, Amazon, North Face, Temu, Lego, BMW, North Face and 100’s more. Our secret? Removing all blockchain and crypto complexities that are barriers to creating user-friendly applications solving real-world use-cases. Our investors include Multicoin, Circle Ventures, Animoca, Valor, Alliance DAO, and more. With a community of over 1M followers across all socials and a CEO who has been featured on the NYSE and NASDAQ, we believe we are only at the beginning of making XION a global brand.</p>
</div>
<div>-- -- -- -- -- -- -- --</div></div><p>We seek individuals driven by passion, resilience, and strong ethical principles.</p>
<p>If your background doesn't align perfectly with our listed requirements, this application is for you.</p>
<p>We value unique experiences and diverse career paths – your distinctive skills and enthusiasm could be exactly what sets you apart from other candidates. If you've taken an unconventional route in your professional journey, we're excited to hear your story.&nbsp;</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>ABOUT XION</strong></p>
<p>XION’s L1 abstracts away all crypto complexities for users to enable mass adoption.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>XION enshrines opinionated UX decisions at the protocol level, including abstracted meta accounts, signature flexibility, and a parameterized fee system, to improve interoperability and user accessibility in blockchain networks.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>Raised over $36M from Animoca, Circle Ventures, Multicoin, Valor, Hashkey, Spartan, Mechanism, Figment Capital, Coinlist Seed, Injective, Alliance DAO, Sandeep Nailwal (Polygon), and more.</p>