<div class="content-intro"><p><strong><em>🚀 We’re on a mission to make money work for everyone.</em></strong></p>
<p>We’re waving goodbye to the complicated and confusing ways of traditional banking.</p>
<p>After starting as a prepaid card, our product offering has grown a lot in the last 10 years in the UK. As well as&nbsp;<a href="https://monzo.com/current-account/personal">personal</a> and <a href="https://monzo.com/business-banking">business</a> bank accounts, we offer <a href="https://monzo.com/current-account/joint-account">joint accounts</a>, <a href="https://monzo.com/current-account/16-17">accounts for 16-17 year olds</a>, a <a href="https://monzo.com/current-account/under-16s">free kids account</a> and <a href="https://monzo.com/flex">credit cards</a> in the UK, with more exciting things to come beyond. Our UK customers can also <a href="https://monzo.com/savings">save</a>, <a href="https://monzo.com/investments">invest </a>and&nbsp;<a href="https://monzo.com/pensions">combine their pensions</a> with us.&nbsp;</p>
<p>With our hot coral cards and get-paid-early feature, combined with financial education on social media and our award winning customer service, we have a long history of creating magical moments for our customers!</p>
<p>We’re not about selling products - we want to solve problems and change lives through Monzo ❤️</p>
<hr>
<p>&nbsp;</p></div><h4>📍London | UK remote | 💰 £80,000 to £95,000 + Incentive Awards tied to your performance +<a href="https://monzo.com/careers/#benefits"> Benefits</a> | <a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U62l09nB0M4">Hear from the team</a></h4>
<h4><strong>About our</strong><strong> Data Science</strong><strong> Team:</strong></h4>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We're looking for a Senior Product Data Scientist excited to help build the bank of the future. You'll have the opportunity to super charge our user engagement in 2025 and help us to build a bank that customers truly love.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">At Monzo, we're building a bank that is fair, transparent and a delight to use. We’re growing extremely fast and have over 11 million customers in the UK. We’ve built a product that people love and more than 80% of our growth comes from word of mouth and referrals.</span></p>
<p><em><span style="font-weight: 400;">Enable Monzo to Make Better Decisions, Faster</span></em></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We have a strong culture of data-driven decision making across the whole company. And we're great believers in powerful, real-time analytics and empowerment of the wider business. All our data lives in one place and is super easy to use. 90% of day-to-day data-driven decisions are covered by self-serve analytics through Looker which gives data scientists the head space to focus on more impactful business questions and analyses.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;"><strong>How we hire</strong></span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are excited to be expanding and are hiring for multiple roles across our Data Science teams! Whether your interests lie in Borrowing, Growth, Payments, Fincrime, Wealth, or Core, we are looking for talented individuals with a versatile skill set to contribute across our squads. While we allocate teams after the interview process, we aim to match your skills and aspirations with the most suitable role. Throughout the process, you will meet team members from across our Data Science collectives, who will guide you through the opportunities available. Join us and be part of shaping our future!</span></p>
<h4><strong>What you’ll be working on</strong><strong>&nbsp;</strong></h4>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We work in cross-functional squads where every data scientist is a member of a central data discipline and fully embedded into 1 product squad alongside engineers, designers, marketers, product managers etc.</span></p>
<h4><strong>Your day-to-day&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;</strong></h4>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Applying your expertise in quantitative analysis, data mining, and the presentation of data to see beyond the numbers and understand how our users interact with our products and how those insights can inform our product strategy</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Guide and enable product teams to measure things that matter; initiate or help run A/B experiments to keep improving everything we do</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Drive together with the finance team a unified company-wide understanding of the lifetime value of our users and how different product features are impacting user profitability</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Liaise with engineers to keep making sure we collect the right data to produce relevant business insights</span></li>
</ul>
<h4><strong>You should apply if:</strong></h4>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">What we’re doing here at Monzo excites you!</span></p>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">You're </span><em><span style="font-weight: 400;">impact driven</span></em><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and eager to have a real positive impact on the company, product, users and very importantly your colleagues as well</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">You're </span><em><span style="font-weight: 400;">commercially minded</span></em><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and can put numbers into business perspective</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">You’re as comfortable </span><em><span style="font-weight: 400;">getting hands-on</span></em><span style="font-weight: 400;"> as taking a step back and </span><em><span style="font-weight: 400;">thinking strategically</span></em></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">You have a </span><em><span style="font-weight: 400;">self-starter mindset;</span></em><span style="font-weight: 400;"> you proactively identify issues and opportunities and tackle them without being told to do so</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">You're a </span><em><span style="font-weight: 400;">team player</span></em><span style="font-weight: 400;"> whom your colleagues can rely on</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">You have </span><em><span style="font-weight: 400;">solid grounding in SQL</span></em><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and preferably Python</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">You have experience in conducting large scale A/B experiments</span></li>
</ul>
<h4><strong>The Interview Process:</strong></h4>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Our interview process involves three main stages:&nbsp;</span></p>
<ol>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Recruiter Call</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Initial Call&nbsp;</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Technical Interview</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Final Interview including a case study and collaboration interview&nbsp;</span></li>
</ol>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Our average process takes around 2-3 weeks but we will always work around your availability.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">You will have the chance to speak to our recruitment team at various points during your process.</span></p>
<h4><strong>What’s in it for you:</strong></h4>
<p><strong>💰 </strong>£80,000 to £95,000 + Incentive Awards tied to your performance + Benefits</p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">✈️ We can help you relocate to the UK&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">✅ We can sponsor visas&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">📍This role can be based in our London office, but we're open to distributed working within the UK (with ad hoc meetings in London).</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">⏰ We offer flexible working hours and trust you to work enough hours to do your job well, at times that suit you and your team.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">📚</span><span style="font-weight: 400;">Learning budget of £1,000 a year for books, training courses and conferences</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">➕And much more, see our full list of benefits </span><a href="https://monzo.com/careers/"><strong>here</strong></a></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">If you prefer to work part-time, we'll make this happen whenever we can - whether this is to help you meet other commitments or strike a great work-life balance.</span></p>
<hr>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>#LI-NB2 #LI-Remote</p><div class="content-conclusion"><hr>
<p><strong>Equal opportunities for everyone</strong></p>
<p>Diversity and inclusion are a priority for us and we’re making sure we have lots of support for all of our people to grow at Monzo. At Monzo, we’re embracing diversity by fostering an inclusive environment for all people to do the best work of their lives with us. This is integral to our mission of making money work for everyone. You can read more in our <a href="https://monzo.com/blog/diversity-and-inclusion">blog</a>, 2024 <a href="https://monzo.com/blog/our-2024-diversity-and-inclusion-report" target="\_blank">Diversity and Inclusion Report</a> and 2024 <a href="https://monzo.com/blog/an-update-on-our-gender-pay-gap-2024">Gender Pay Gap Report.</a></p>
<p>We’re an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be considered for employment without attention to age, ethnicity, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, family or parental status, national origin, or veteran, neurodiversity or disability status.</p>
<p>If you have a preferred name, please use it to apply. We don't need full or birth names at application stage 😊</p></div>