<div class="content-intro"><p><strong data-stringify-type="bold">Why work at Nebius<br></strong>Nebius is leading a new era in cloud computing to serve the global AI economy. We create the tools and resources our customers need to solve real-world challenges and transform industries, without massive infrastructure costs or the need to build large in-house AI/ML teams. Our employees work at the cutting edge of AI cloud infrastructure alongside some of the most experienced and innovative leaders and engineers in the field.</p>
<p><strong>Where we work<br></strong>Headquartered in Amsterdam and listed on Nasdaq, Nebius has a global footprint with R&amp;D hubs across Europe, North America, and Israel. The team of over 1400 employees includes more than 400 highly skilled engineers with deep expertise across hardware and software engineering, as well as an in-house AI R&amp;D team.</p></div><h3><span data-ccp-props="{}">The role</span></h3>
<p>We are seeking a highly skilled and customer-focused professional to join our team as a <strong>Solutions Architect</strong>&nbsp;specializing in&nbsp;<strong>Cloud infrastructure and MLOps</strong>. As a Cloud Solutions Architect, you will play a pivotal role in designing and implementing cutting-edge solutions for our clients, leveraging cloud technologies for ML/AI teams and becoming a trusted technical advisor for building their pipelines.</p>
<p>You’re welcome to work from <strong>France</strong> or any country in the <strong>Iberian Peninsula</strong> (Spain, Portugal, or Andorra).</p>
<p><strong>Your responsibilities will include:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Act as a trusted advisor to our clients, providing technical expertise and guidance throughout the engagement. Conduct PoC, workshops, presentations, and training sessions to educate clients on GPU cloud technologies and best practices.</li>
<li>Collaborate with clients to understand their business requirements and develop solution architecture that align with their needs: design and document Infrastructure as code solutions, documentation and technical how-tos in collaboration with support engineers and technical writers.</li>
<li>Help customers to optimize pipeline performance and scalability to ensure efficient utilization of cloud resources and services powered by Nebius AI.</li>
<li>Act as a single point of expertise of customer scenarios for product, technical support, marketing teams.</li>
<li>Assist to Marketing department efforts during events (Hackathons, conferences, workshops, webinars, etc.)</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>We expect you to have:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>5+ years of experience as a cloud solutions architect, system/network engineer, developer or a similar technical role with a focus on cloud computing</li>
<li>Strong hands-on experience with IaC and configuration management tools (preferably Terraform/Ansible), Kubernetes, skills of writing code in Python</li>
<li>Solid understanding of GPU computing practices for ML training and inference workloads, GPU software stack components, including drivers, libraries (e.g. CUDA, OpenCL)</li>
<li>Excellent communication skills, fluency in French or Spanish preferred</li>
<li>Customer-centric mindset</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>It will be&nbsp;an added bonus&nbsp;if you have:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Hands-on experience with HPC/ML orchestration frameworks (e.g. Slurm, Kubeflow)</li>
<li>Hands-on experience with deep learning frameworks (e.g. TensorFlow, PyTorch)</li>
<li>Solid understanding of cloud ML tools landscape from industry leaders (NVIDIA, AWS, Azure, Google)&nbsp;</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>What we offer</strong>&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>Competitive salary and comprehensive benefits package.</li>
<li>Opportunities for professional growth within Nebius.</li>
<li>Flexible working arrangements.</li>
<li>A dynamic and collaborative work environment that values initiative and innovation.</li>
</ul>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">We’re growing and expanding our products every day. If you’re up to the challenge and are excited about AI and ML as much as we are, join us!</span></p></div>