<p><strong>The Role</strong></p>
<p>At HelloConnect, you will be part of a dynamic team that embraces innovation and leverages advanced technology to create exceptional experiences. Our culture is built on collaboration, continuous learning, and a commitment to excellence. You’ll have the opportunity to work on impactful projects, develop your skills, and grow within a supportive environment that values diverse perspectives and experiences.</p>
<p>In this role, you will take on a key responsibility in providing customer support across phone, email, and live chat, assisting with inquiries related to switching processes, invoices, and meter readings. You will ensure timely, solution-oriented responses while maintaining service quality and working closely with internal teams to resolve complex customer cases.</p>
<p>We’re looking for passionate individuals who can bring their unique skills and ideas to the table. Even if you don't meet every requirement but believe you’d excel in this role, we’d love to hear from you!</p>
<p><strong>What you’ll do</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>You are the first point of contact for our customers via phone, email, and live chat..</li>
<li>You respond to customer inquiries quickly, kindly, and with a solution-oriented mindset – ensuring that our SLAs for response times and customer satisfaction are met.</li>
<li>You ensure smooth operational processes and assist customers with:</li>
<ul>
<li>General inquiries</li>
<li>The switching process</li>
<li>Invoices</li>
<li>Meter readings</li>
</ul>
<li>You handle customer calls efficiently and professionally, ensuring a positive customer experience.</li>
<li>You find pragmatic and sustainable solutions for complex cases – working closely with our 2nd Level Support team.</li>
<li>You develop an understanding of energy industry topics and products (e.g., EDIFACT, dynamic tariffs, etc.).</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>What you’ll bring</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><strong>Native-level German (C2) is required</strong> – both written and spoken.&nbsp;</li>
<li><strong>Good English skills</strong> to communicate internally with the international team.</li>
<li>You enjoy helping customers solve problems and explaining complex topics in a clear and simple way.</li>
<li>You have experience in customer service – ideally handling phone, email, and/or live chat support.</li>
<li>You have experience working with Intercom or similar customer support platforms.</li>
<li>You can manage multiple tasks or conversations simultaneously while maintaining quality and professionalism.</li>
<li>You take a proactive, structured, and solution-oriented approach – even when things get busy.</li>
<li><strong>Nice to Have: </strong>Initial experience in the energy industry is a plus, but not required.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>What we offer</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><strong>Competitive Compensation</strong>: Beyond the standard package, we offer perks like Long Service Benefits (anniversary bonus) to recognize and celebrate your dedication</li>
<li><strong>Wellness &amp; Perks</strong>: We prioritize your well-being by offering mental health support, HMO medical coverage, generous leave benefits plus life insurance for both you and your family's peace of mind</li>
<li><strong>Growth Opportunities</strong>: Invest in your personal development with an annual learning &amp; development budget, plus access to the 360 Learning platform</li>
<li><strong>Dynamic Environment</strong>: Join a rapidly growing global Business Process Outsourcing company, where you'll collaborate with a diverse community spanning across multiple continents and cultures</li>
<li><strong>Work-Life Balance</strong>: Enjoy a healthy balance between your professional and personal life, with a supportive environment that prioritizes your well-being and personal time</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Location: </strong>Work from home – Please note that you will need to visit our BGC office to pick up your equipment. <em>&nbsp;</em></p>
<p><strong>Are you up for the challenge?</strong></p>
<p>The first step to your new role starts here. Send in your application, along with your salary expectations and preferred start date. Our dedicated team will thoroughly review your details. We are excited to connect with you soon!&nbsp;</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>#helloconnect</p>
<p>#LI-Remote</p>