Join us at Qblox as we revolutionize the landscape of quantum computing! Our technology is used around the globe by world-class research teams.

We are seeking passionate FPGA/RTL Design Engineers to help us build a cutting-edge control stack for industrial scale quantum computers.

The stack Qblox develops is a distributed architecture that allows parallel qubit readout, control, intercommunication and other functions, ultimately interacting with the physical qubits using high frequency analog signals. Imagine what it takes to talk to 1000 qubits, with nanosecond-level synchronization and all-to-all connectivity and will understand the design and verification challenges that we face.

We foster a culture of collaboration where every voice is heard and valued. You will have the opportunity to take ownership of your projects, influence technical decisions at higher levels and gain a broad understanding of what goes into our products. You will likely be working in cross-functional teams including electrical engineers, digital design engineers, application engineers and scientists and also have a chance to learn about the Quantum field from our in-house experts.

**Your role:**

* Understand/evaluate requirements, help design solutions and implement them in VHDL
* Comfortable reading internal and vendor (FPGA, third party ASICs/software) documentation
* Write self-checking testbenches at the module level and occasionally help expand toplevel UVM testbenches
* You will have the opportunity to propose changes to architecture and team processes
* Be a sparring partner to a diverse team of FPGA and embedded software engineers
* We’re constantly trying to find better ways of doing things - be pro-active with proposing your ideas or relevant new developments from the ASIC/FPGA field