<div class="content-intro"><h2><span data-sheets-root="1">About Wolt</span></h2>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">At Wolt, we create technology that brings joy, simplicity and earnings to the neighborhoods of the world. In 2014 we started with delivery of restaurant food. Now we’re building the delivery of (almost) everything and you’ll find us in over 500 cities in 30 countries around the world. In 2022 we joined forces with DoorDash and together we keep on dreaming big and expanding across the globe.<br><br>Working at Wolt isn’t always easy, but it’s definitely exciting. Here you’ll learn more, build more, and ship more than in most other companies. You’ll be challenged a lot, but also have a lot of fun on the way. So, if you’re a self-starter with drive and entrepreneurial spirit, this could be the ride of your life.</span></p></div><p>Wolt is a technology company that makes it incredibly easy to discover and get the best restaurants, grocery stores and other local shops delivered to home or to the office. Our local commerce platform makes it easy for customers to order whatever they need on one app, for merchants to make additional sales, and for couriers to make meaningful earnings flexibly. To enable this, Wolt develops a wide range of technologies from local commerce platform to retail software and financial solutions, as well as operates its own grocery stores under the brand Wolt Market. Wolt was founded in 2014 and joined forces with DoorDash in 2022. DoorDash operates in 27 countries today, 23 of which are with the Wolt product and brand.&nbsp;</p>
<p>However, food delivery was just the start. We don’t want to just satisfy our customers’ hunger, but to deliver a wide variety of products and expand our platform to supermarkets, flowers, toys, books and other exciting products, all referred to as Retail. Your job starts when the retail partner has signed the contract and has been onboarded to Wolt’s platform. As a Retail Account Manager, you’re responsible for managing and developing your portfolio of our key retail partners in Germany. We’re looking for someone with a genuine passion for establishing relationships and improving key business metrics to create results for Wolt, the retail partners, and ultimately the customers. In doing that, you need to have good problem-solving skills, a commercial mindset and a strong passion to deliver exceptional service. If you want to use those skills to digitally enable local brick &amp; mortar stores, you have come to the right place!<br><br>On a personal note, it goes without saying that you’re a team player and willing to get your hands dirty as we build this relatively new area of our business in Germany. This also means that you must thrive in the ‘start-up’ environment where constant change means there is&nbsp; always lots to get your teeth into!&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;</p>
<h2>What you will be doing</h2>
<ul>
<li>Owning the overall partner relationship and driving growth with our retail partners by improving their performance through data driven consultation</li>
<li>Identifying the focus area in your portfolio and invest into high-potential partnerships</li>
<li>Drive forward operational improvement with your partners to ensure that together we are delivering the best experience for Wolt’s end customers</li>
<li>Engage partners in growth conversations (i.e. adding more stores to Wolt across Germany, increasing same-store sales, improving profitability, expanding with new brands, category management and maximizing product inventory on Wolt etc)</li>
<li>Working closely together with the marketing team to plan and execute campaigns together with retail partners</li>
<li>Take ownership for projects that help us evolve our retail business. Project goals may vary from driving efficiency over ensuring legal compliance to solving challenges with product data.</li>
<li>Getting your hands dirty: we’re developing a lot from scratch and you will help to bring structure in how we support our partners</li>
</ul>
<h2>Our humble expectation</h2>
<ul>
<li>Bachelor or higher degree and job experience with account and/or category management (2-3 years) with a strong drive to grow and develop in this field</li>
<li>Fluent in German and English is a must to connect with our partners</li>
<li>Excellent interpersonal skills with the ability to adapt the tone to suit the audience</li>
<li>Commercial mindset with very good analytical and problem-solving skills</li>
<li>Structured, detailed, proactive and service-oriented</li>
<li>High sense of ownership and ambition to go beyond the obvious</li>
<li>Experience in retail and/or with e-commerce and marketplaces is an advantage</li>
</ul>
<p><iframe src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/GoL541\_xj9w" width="560" height="314"></iframe></p><div class="content-conclusion"><h2><span data-sheets-root="1">Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion</span></h2>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">We’re committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. That’s why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.</span></p></div>