<p class="p1"><strong>This is Adyen</strong></p>
<p class="p3">Adyen provides payments, data, and financial products in a single solution for customers like Meta, Uber, H&amp;M, and Microsoft - making us the financial technology platform of choice. At Adyen, everything we do is engineered for ambition.&nbsp;</p>
<p class="p3">For our teams, we create an environment with opportunities for our people to succeed, backed by the culture and support to ensure they are enabled to truly own their careers. We are motivated individuals who tackle unique technical challenges at scale and solve them as a team. Together, we deliver innovative and ethical solutions that help businesses achieve their ambitions faster.</p>
<p class="p5"><strong>Internal Control Specialist (Technology Risk)</strong></p>
<p class="p5">Adyen is looking for an Internal Control Specialist with a focus on technology risks in our Mumbai office. You will join the global Internal Control team and will primarily contribute to advance Adyen India’s growth. You are experienced in risk management and internal control and have the ability and eagerness to operate proactively and independently in a complex and fun global environment.<span class="Apple-converted-space">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p class="p5">We work as a team across cultures and time zones and you will be the second Internal Control team member based in India and will be a linking pin for the global Internal Control team and the local organization. You will mainly focus on strengthening and managing Adyen India’s risk and internal control framework, to meet internal and external expectations and to enable controlled growth. You will support the company in building a great business, preserving the company culture and achieving its long-term goals by taking our risk management to the next level.</p>
<p class="p5">We don’t hide behind email, instead we pick up the phone. This is one of the values in our Adyen Formula, which is the foundation of our strong culture and an essential guiding principle for the way we work. We always ask why, are critical, don’t just tick the box and always look for improvement and automation. These are some of the values incorporated in the Adyen way of being in control, promoted by the Internal Control team globally.</p>
<p class="p1"><strong>What you’ll do:</strong></p>
<ul class="ul1">
<li class="li1">Strengthen and manage the local internal control framework and support local management on internal control matters.</li>
<li class="li1">Evaluate changes in the internal and external environment and assess the impact on processes, risks and controls on a continuous basis.</li>
<li class="li1">Evaluate Adyen India’s processes, controls and technology to identify opportunities for improvement and automation.</li>
<li class="li1">Coordinate and perform testing of controls, and report on the effectiveness of Adyen India’s risk and control systems.</li>
<li class="li1">Manage requests from regulators and auditors to ensure successful audit cycles (e.g. RBI audits, SAR audits, SOC1/SOC2 audits).</li>
<li class="li1">Collaborate with, and support, the global Internal Control team in managing the global internal control framework and contribute to various projects.<span class="Apple-converted-space">&nbsp;</span></li>
<li class="li1">Create a network and be a trusted advisor for the business and management.</li>
</ul>
<p class="p1"><strong>Who you are:</strong></p>
<ul class="ul1">
<li class="li1">Bachelor of Engineering (B.E.), M.B.A. or C.A. with relevant working experience (4+ years) within an external audit, risk management or internal control function.</li>
<li class="li1">Experience with IT risk management and designing and testing controls.</li>
<li class="li1">Knowledge of IT processes, IT risks and maintaining internal control frameworks.</li>
<li class="li1">Prior experience working in Banking, NBFC, caBig 4 would be an added advantage.</li>
<li class="li1">Able to operate comfortably and independently within a complex global environment.</li>
<li class="li1">Critical thinking skills and eagerness to comprehend emerging internal and external developments and execute accordingly. <span class="Apple-converted-space">&nbsp;</span></li>
<li class="li1">Eager to work in an innovative technology company within the financial sector.</li>
<li class="li1">Good communication and stakeholder management skills.</li>
</ul>
<p class="p1"><strong>Our Diversity, Equity and Inclusion commitments&nbsp;<span class="Apple-converted-space">&nbsp;</span></strong></p>
<p class="p1">Our unique approach is a product of our diverse perspectives. This diversity of backgrounds and cultures is essential in helping us maintain our momentum. Our business and technical challenges are unique, and we need as many different voices as possible to join us in solving them - voices like yours. No matter who you are or where you’re from, we welcome you to be your true self at Adyen.&nbsp;</p>
<p class="p1">Studies show that women and members of underrepresented communities apply for jobs only if they meet 100% of the qualifications. Does this sound like you? If so, Adyen encourages you to reconsider and apply. We look forward to your application.&nbsp;</p>
<p class="p7"><strong>What’s next?</strong></p>
<p class="p7">Ensuring a smooth and enjoyable candidate experience is critical for us. We aim to get back to you regarding your application within 5 business days, please note that during the holiday season this might take a bit longer. Our interview process tends to take around 4 weeks to complete. Don’t be afraid to let us know if you need more flexibility.</p>
<p class="p7">This role is based out of our <strong>Mumbai office.</strong> We are an office-first company and value in-person collaboration; we do not offer remote-only roles.</p>