<p>MongoDB is seeking a Director of Engineering to join the Atlas Clusters Organization. The organization is responsible for building MongoDB Atlas, our database as a service offering and fastest growing product.<strong> </strong>Atlas allows users to deploy fault-tolerant, secure, globally distributed MongoDB clusters in just minutes. This includes developing software to interface with the three major cloud providers (AWS, Azure, and GCP) in order to bring security, durability, availability, and performance to all deployments of MongoDB.</p>
<p>As we continue to grow our Atlas Clusters teams in Dublin, we are looking for a Director of Engineering to lead teams that own critical pieces of both the Atlas Clusters Control Plane and Data Plane.&nbsp;</p>
<p>We are looking to speak to candidates who are based in Dublin for our hybrid working model.</p>
<h3>What you’ll do</h3>
<ul>
<li>Lead teams of motivated leads and individual contributors who are eager to learn and grow</li>
<li>Work with stakeholders throughout MongoDB to build our roadmap and product offerings</li>
<li>Collaborate with product management and technical senior leadership to design, develop, and ship improvements to the Atlas Clusters Control Plane and Data Plane</li>
<li>Ensure smooth and timely execution of projects while collaborating and providing visibility to all stakeholders</li>
<li>Work with customers during escalations and become part of our on-call rotation&nbsp;</li>
<li>Grow your organization while ensuring desirable skill composition, high job satisfaction, and vibrant culture</li>
<li>Foster an inclusive and respectful work environment according to MongoDB's Core Values</li>
</ul>
<h3>We’re looking for someone who</h3>
<ul>
<li>Has at least 5 years of people management experience</li>
<li>Has at least 8 years of professional software development experience</li>
<li>Has led engineering teams that have built and maintained large scale systems</li>
<li>Extensive experience collaborating across organization boundaries</li>
<li>Proven success in designing, writing, testing, and maintaining large-scale, distributed backend systems</li>
<li>Has experience with at least one major cloud provider technology (AWS, Azure, GCP)</li>
<li>Is eager to solve tough problems</li>
<li>Has excellent communication skills</li>
<li>Is curious, collaborative, and motivated</li>
</ul>
<h3>Success Measures</h3>
<ul>
<li>In 1 month, you'll be familiar with the foundational parts of the system, the existing features, and projects within the Atlas Clusters team</li>
<li>In 3 months, you will be contributing to the delivery of your team’s projects and working on your team’s growth</li>
<li>In 6 months, you will be fully leading your team towards its product and engineering goals</li>
</ul>
<h3>About MongoDB</h3>
<p>MongoDB is built for change, empowering our customers and our people to innovate at the speed of the market. We have redefined the database for the AI era, enabling innovators to create, transform, and disrupt industries with software. MongoDB’s unified database platform, the most widely available, globally distributed database on the market, helps organizations modernize legacy workloads, embrace innovation, and unleash AI. Our cloud-native platform, MongoDB Atlas, is the only globally distributed, multi-cloud database and is available across AWS, Google Cloud, and Microsoft Azure.</p>
<p>With offices worldwide and over 60,000 customers, including 75% of the Fortune 100 and AI-native startups, relying on MongoDB for their most important applications, we’re powering the next era of software.</p>
<p>Our compass at MongoDB is our <a href="https://www.mongodb.com/company">Leadership Commitment,</a> guiding how and why we make decisions, show up for each other, and win. It’s what makes us MongoDB.&nbsp;</p>
<p>To drive the personal growth and business impact of our employees, we’re committed to developing a supportive and enriching culture for everyone. <a href="https://www.mongodb.com/company/blog/culture/employee-benefits-that-make-a-difference-at-mongodb">From employee affinity groups, to fertility assistance and a generous parental leave policy</a>, we value our employees’ wellbeing and want to support them along every step of their professional and personal journeys.<a href="https://www.mongodb.com/blog/channel/culture"> Learn more about what it’s like to work at MongoDB</a>, and help us make an impact on the world!</p>
<p>MongoDB is committed to providing any necessary accommodations for individuals with disabilities within our application and interview process. To request an accommodation due to a disability, please inform your recruiter.</p>
<p>MongoDB is an equal opportunities employer.</p>
<p>Req ID: 1273387834</p>