<div class="content-intro"><div>
<p>We’re a fast-growing tech scale-up with $36M in funding, revolutionizing the modern internet with cutting-edge solutions that drive mass-adoption.&nbsp;We already work with major brands such as Uber, Amazon, North Face, Temu, Lego, BMW, North Face and 100’s more. Our secret? Removing all blockchain and crypto complexities that are barriers to creating user-friendly applications solving real-world use-cases. Our investors include Multicoin, Circle Ventures, Animoca, Valor, Alliance DAO, and more. With a community of over 1M followers across all socials and a CEO who has been featured on the NYSE and NASDAQ, we believe we are only at the beginning of making XION a global brand.</p>
</div>
<div>-- -- -- -- -- -- -- --</div></div><p>Xion has a community of over 1M followers across all socials. We are looking for a cult leader to better engage and grow our community.</p>
<p>Overall, success for this cult leader role would mean that they have not only grown the community in numbers but also deepened the members’ engagement and attachment to Xion, fostering a fervent and loyal follower base that actively participates in and evangelizes the community’s objectives and values.</p>
<p>Members should not only be devoted to us, but viciously attack those deemed as threats.</p>
<h2 id="what-you-have">What you have:</h2>
<ul>
<li>Arguably the most important part of any cult leader is a thriving personality. No-one is going to be drinking poisoned Kool-Aid for someone with the charisma of a brick</li>
<li>Track record in growing existing crypto communities. This can include infrastructure projects to NFT projects. Added plus if you already have a following</li>
<li>Deep understanding of the crypto ecosystem, including emerging trends and major narratives / personalities</li>
</ul>
<h2 id="what-you-will-be-doing">What you will be doing:</h2>
<ul>
<li>Utilize symbols, logos, and exclusive language to create an inner circle of members who feel deeply connected to the cult’s ethos.</li>
<li>Encourage an evangelical approach to spreading Xion’s message, empowering members to recruit and convert new followers via our ambassador program</li>
<li>Cultivate devotion by promoting stories of community members whose lives have been profoundly impacted by the XION community</li>
<li>Working with team of community managers to monitor and subtly control dissent within the community, ensuring that the cult’s narrative remains strong and unchallenged</li>
<li>Regularly disseminate visionary content, including prophetic insights or exclusive revelations that keep the community tuned in for every word.</li>
<li>Indoctrinate new members through welcome rituals and exclusive content, deepening their commitment and understanding of the community’s goals.</li>
</ul>
<p>Some might die, and that is okay.</p>