<div class="content-intro"><p><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif; font-size: 12pt;">Airbnb was born in 2007 when two hosts welcomed three guests to their San Francisco home, and has since grown to over 5 million hosts who have welcomed over 2 billion guest arrivals in almost every country across the globe. Every day, hosts offer unique stays and experiences that make it possible for guests to connect with communities in a more authentic way.</span></p></div><h1>Senior Business Solutions Engineer</h1>
<p>Airbnb was born in 2007 when two hosts welcomed three guests to their San Francisco home, and has since grown to over 5 million hosts who have welcomed over 2 billion guest arrivals in almost every country across the globe. Every day, hosts offer unique stays and experiences that make it possible for guests to connect with communities in a more authentic way.</p>
<h2>The Community You Will Join:</h2>
<p>The Business Technology Enablement and Innovation team, within the BizTech organization, leads the mission to deliver innovative technology, empowering our employees to utilize technology productively, driving connection, and scale support for employees. We bridge the gap between traditional IT and engineering teams by providing quick solutions, consultations, and guidance beyond traditional support, with a focus on enhancing workflows and tools utilizing AI.</p>
<h2>The Difference You Will Make:</h2>
<p>We are seeking a world-class Senior Business Systems Engineer to join our dynamic team. You will be responsible for providing quick solutions utilizing internal tools and agentic AI, to support and assist teams in enhancing their day to day workflows, overseeing the end-to-end delivery of system and tool changes as required, and providing support to those solutions.. Your expertise will help identify current pain points for stakeholders, promote industry best practices, and maintain data integrity and accuracy within our platforms. You will also play a crucial role in mentoring junior team members, driving strategy, and delivering results with excellence. A high degree of focus on practical AI and understanding the current state of industry as AI technology changes is critical.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<h2>A Typical Day:</h2>
<ul>
<li><strong>Product Roadmap Ownership</strong> - Lead the design, development, implementation, and optimization of custom solutions to improve internal teams’ processes and workflows, with a focus on Agentic AI solutions utilizing Airbnb approved internal tools.</li>
<li><strong>Stakeholder Management</strong> - Identify and address current pain points, socialize industry best practices, and prioritize project pipelines in collaboration with stakeholders.</li>
<li><strong>Automation</strong> - Identify and drive automation initiatives to reduce manual processes and improve operational efficiency across core business functions.</li>
<li><strong>Vendor Management</strong> - Partner with our vendors to drive and own the product feature and bug lifecycle from requirements gathering to launch.</li>
<li>Industry Trends - Stay updated with the latest platform features, best practices, and industry trends to proactively identify opportunities for enhancements.</li>
<li><strong>Business Process Improvement </strong>- Craft and suggest future-state business processes, and lead the implementation of these suggestions.</li>
<li><strong>Expertise and Mentorship </strong>- Act as a company-wide expert in relevant functional tools and applications. Mentor junior team members and provide guidance on development and delivery.</li>
<li><strong>Architecture and Design Reviews </strong>- Collaborate on architecture and design reviews, offering necessary guidance to ensure development guidelines are followed.</li>
</ul>
<p>Your Expertise:</p>
<ul>
<li>8+ years of professional experience&nbsp; with proven enterprise-grade systems implementations, IT consulting or similar field leveraging advanced platform integrations</li>
<li>Minimum of 2 years of experience demonstrably using AI in workflows and to support customers.</li>
<li>Experience researching and implementing custom applications from the Marketplace from research, to design and implementation</li>
<li>Advanced degree (e.g., MS/MBA) in Business, Computer Science, or related fields preferred.</li>
<li>Demonstrated experience designing and implementing custom business solutions and integrations using enterprise platforms.</li>
<li>Deep knowledge of data modeling, business intelligence tools (e.g., Tableau), and enterprise reporting best practices.</li>
<li>Skilled at stakeholder engagement and cross-functional collaboration in large global organizations.</li>
<li>Adept at leading complex projects, simplifying technical concepts, and promoting operational excellence.</li>
<li>Excellent written and verbal communication skills, especially in critiquing technical designs and leading workshops, and engaging with senior leadership.</li>
<li>Exemplifies strong leadership fundamentals, guides junior team members, and drives strategy with a focus on long-term scalability.</li>
<li>Proficient in designing and implementing data management strategies to ensure data integrity.</li>
<li>Identifies opportunities for product and process improvements and can lead and implement said improvements, obtaining necessary buy-in from stakeholders and leadership..</li>
</ul>