<div class="content-intro"><p><strong>COMPANY OVERVIEW</strong></p>
<p>KKR is a leading global investment firm that offers alternative asset management as well as capital markets and insurance solutions. KKR aims to generate attractive investment returns by following a patient and disciplined investment approach, employing world-class people, and supporting growth in its portfolio companies and communities. KKR sponsors investment funds that invest in private equity, credit and real assets and has strategic partners that manage hedge funds. KKR’s insurance subsidiaries offer retirement, life and reinsurance products under the management of Global Atlantic Financial Group. References to KKR’s investments may include the activities of its sponsored funds and insurance subsidiaries.</p></div><p><strong>POSITION SUMMARY</strong></p>
<p>KKR is seeking a Middle Office Operations professional for its Global Investment Operations Team based in the Dublin office.&nbsp; This individual will work and collaborate with the global operations team, as well as employees in other functions and businesses at the firm. This role is a unique opportunity to become part of an evolving and strategic function dedicated to ‘best-in-class’ operations management practices to support our global business growth.</p>
<p><strong>RESPONSIBILITIES</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Preparation and review of NAV and regulatory reporting</li>
<li>Supervision of daily cash and position reconciliations</li>
<li>Investigate and resolve discrepancies between internal systems and trustees/custodians</li>
<li>Manage external service providers</li>
<li>Record and maintain all lifecycle transactions, capital activity, and borrowings in internal systems</li>
<li>Deliver timely, accurate support to external clients and internal stakeholders</li>
<li>Undertake ad hoc project work,</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>IDEAL EXPERIENCE</strong></p>
<p>A successful candidate will have relevant experience in fund accounting, fund administration or coming from an operations background (credit/asset management, private equity/infrastructure fund industry experience is preferred).&nbsp; Strong knowledge of NAV calculation on fund vehicles and/or Fund of Fund experience would be a distinct advantage.</p>
<p><strong>CRITICAL COMPETENCIES FOR SUCCESS</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Clear intellectual curiosity and commercial acumen with the drive and potential to succeed in a fast-paced work environment</li>
<li>Self-starter – someone who enjoys “rolling up his/her sleeves and getting things done”; has high energy; a strong work ethic; displays the ability to work independently; be creative; and entrepreneurial</li>
<li>Grasps key concepts quickly and displays potential to develop greater specialist knowledge</li>
<li>Solid interpersonal and relationship-building skills – can effectively develop trusted relationships with many constituents, build credibility quickly, and partner effectively with others</li>
<li>Strong execution and project management skills – highly organized, very detail oriented, proactive problem-solver, solutions-oriented, and a knack for anticipating obstacles and addressing issues early on</li>
<li>Efficient and effective work style in a dynamic environment with the ability to multi-task and work across a number of different work-streams, assignments and/or projects. Proven ability to manage heavy workloads while remaining attentive to details, and prioritizing time efficiently when faced with multiple projects</li>
<li>Focuses on delivering exceptional client service, with a sense of urgency and follow through</li>
<li>Displays maturity, outstanding judgment, critical thinking, sensitivity and creativity to changing needs and situations. Acts professionally regarding sensitive subjects and maintains confidentiality while exercising discretion at all times</li>
<li>Team-player – willing to pitch-in when needed to help on projects, tasks and initiatives, as and when needed; enjoys working in a collaborative and collegial environment; humble and enthusiastic with the desire to learn</li>
<li>Strong working knowledge of MS Office, particularly advanced Excel and previous experience with Advent Geneva would be preferable.</li>
</ul>
<p>#LI-ONSITE</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p>KKR is an equal opportunity employer.&nbsp; Individuals seeking employment are considered without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, veteran status, sexual orientation, or any other category protected by applicable law.</p>
<p>KKR will provide reasonable accommodations as required by applicable federal, state, and/or local laws. Individuals seeking an accommodation for the application or interview process should email&nbsp;<a href="mailto:Benefits@kkr.com">Benefits@kkr.com</a>. Emails sent for unrelated issues, such as following up on an application, will not receive a response.</p>
<p>If you are a qualified individual with a disability or a disabled veteran, you may request a reasonable accommodation if you are unable or limited in your ability to use or access&nbsp;<a href="https://www.kkr.com/careers" data-saferedirecturl="https://www.google.com/url?q=https://www.kkr.com/careers&amp;source=gmail&amp;ust=1774021690220000&amp;usg=AOvVaw1AG2WRszai8PfCsE-FH5EJ">https://www.kkr.com/careers</a>&nbsp;because of your disability. You can request reasonable accommodations by sending an email to&nbsp;<a href="mailto:Benefits@kkr.com">Benefits@kkr.com</a>. Only emails left for this purpose will be returned.</p>
<p><strong>Massachusetts Applicants:</strong>&nbsp;It is unlawful in Massachusetts to require or administer a lie detector test as a condition of employment or continued employment. An employer who violates this law shall be subject to criminal penalties and civil liability. This notice&nbsp;applies only&nbsp;to applicants and employees who work or will work in Massachusetts, in accordance with applicable state law.</p></div>