<div class="content-intro"><p>At <strong>Yugabyte</strong>, we are on a mission to become the default transactional database for enterprises building cloud-native applications. YugabyteDB is our PostgreSQL-compatible distributed database for cloud-native apps. Resilient, scalable, and flexible, it runs on any cloud and enables developers to become instantly productive using well-known APIs.We are looking for talented and driven people to join us on our ambitious mission and help us build a lasting and impactful company.The transactional database market is estimated to grow to $64B by 2025. YugabyteDB is cloud-native by design, has on-demand horizontal scalability, and supports geographical distribution of data using built-in replication. This means that we are well-positioned to meet market demand for geo-distributed, high-scale, high-performance workloads.<br><br><strong>Join the Database Revolution at Yugabyte.<br><br></strong>Modern applications need a cloud-native database that eliminates tradeoffs and silos. YugabyteDB retains the power and familiarity of PostgreSQL by pairing its trusted API with a precision-engineered, distributed, cloud-native architecture. Even better, it’s 100% open source. Many of the world's leading enterprises are migrating from legacy RDBMSs (like Oracle, SQL Server, and DB2) to YugabyteDB, to meet their mission-critical app demands.</p></div><p style="text-align: center;">Job Description - Senior Solutions Architect</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>At Yugabyte, we have an ambitious vision of building a high-performance distributed SQL database that dramatically simplifies application development in a cloud native environment. We are well underway in our journey with YugaByte DB, a database that is open source, and users can interact with it using well-known APIs.</p>
<p>We are looking for a solutions architect who will be responsible for helping users to understand, design and build reliable, scalable systems using Yugabyte DB. This role requires a mix of software architecture skills to design/implement practical solutions as well as the ability to work with developers in order to identify patterns or tools that can make building the solutions easier.</p>
<p>The ideal candidate would take user success seriously with respect to the software design, deployment and day 2 operations. This would involve coming up with reusable tools and libraries, building ecosystem and framework integrations, documenting how to use these clearly, etc. You will work closely with the users, sales and engineering to identify gaps that require solutions and pass feedback to influence the roadmap where needed.</p>
<p><strong>Responsibilities</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Design, develop and implement solution architecture for software projects on top of YugaByte DB.</li>
<li>Help end-users with evaluating both YugaByte DB and various other open-source technologies</li>
<li>Advise users and customers on a wide range of topics such as app architecture, deployment paradigms, ecosystem integration best practices and more in order to make optimal use of Yugabyte DB.</li>
<li>Work with our community users to understand their needs and ensure their success by developing reusable tools and frameworks.</li>
<li>Work closely with our sales team to develop the requisite libraries and best-practices in order to ensure smooth and successful Proof-of-Value.</li>
<li>Determines database structural requirements by analyzing client operations, applications, and programming; reviewing objectives with clients; evaluating current systems;</li>
<li>Develops database solutions by designing Yugabyte DB defining database physical structure and functional capabilities, security, back-up, and recovery specifications.</li>
<li>Installs Yugabyte database platform; applying optimum access techniques; coordinating installation actions; documents actions.</li>
<li>Maintains database performance by identifying application development problems; calculating optimum values for parameters; evaluating, integrating, and installing new releases; completing maintenance; answering user questions.</li>
<li>Provides database support by coding utilities, responding to user questions, and resolving problems.</li>
<li>Updates job knowledge by participating in educational opportunities; reading professional publications; maintaining personal networks; and participating in professional organizations.</li>
<li>Accomplishes information systems and organization mission by completing related results as needed.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Requirements</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>B.A. / B.S. or equivalent work experience</li>
<li>5+ years of software development experience</li>
<li>Working knowledge and ability to code with modern languages (e.g. Java, Python, Node.js, C/C++, Java, C#)</li>
<li>Working knowledge of SQL and ability to model use cases on SQL databases</li>
<li>Ability to write good documentation</li>
<li>Good presentation and communication skills</li>
<li>Knowledge on NoSQL databases</li>
<li>Candidates must be based in India</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Nice to Haves</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Hands-on experience with modern public cloud infrastructure and other cloud native technologies such as Kubernetes and Prometheus</li>
</ul>
<p><em>Due to the Proclamation, “Restriction on Entry of Certain Nonimmigrant Workers”, which went into effect on September 21, 2025, at this time we are no longer able to sponsor new H-1B visa petitions filed after September 21, 2025 for new hires. We are still able to consider candidates who require H-1B extensions, changes of employer, or other types of work authorization.</em></p>
<p><em>#LI-Hybrid</em></p><div class="content-conclusion"><div><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;"><strong>Equal Employment Opportunity Statement</strong>:</span></div>
<div><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;">As an equal opportunity employer, Yugabyte is committed to a diverse workforce. Employment decisions regarding recruitment and selection will be made without discrimination based on race, color, religion, national origin, gender, age, sexual orientation, physical or mental disability, genetic information or characteristic, gender identity and expression, veteran status, or other non-job related characteristics or other prohibited grounds specified in applicable federal, state and local laws.&nbsp;</span></div>
<div>&nbsp;</div>
<div><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;">To review Yugabyte's Privacy Policy please visit <a href="https://www.yugabyte.com/privacy-policy/#:~:text=Communicate%20with%20Customers%3A%20We%20use,up%20to%20date%20with%20what%27s" target="\_blank">Yugabyte Privacy Notice</a>.</span></div></div>