<h2><strong>About the opportunity</strong></h2>
<p>We are looking for a Banking Operations Senior Manager with experience in delivering operations excellence on a global scale. You will be part of the Banking Operations leadership team, on a journey to build a cutting-edge service delivery organization. In a regulated environment with high expectations towards service excellence, deep banking expertise and process excellence are the foundation of our success.</p>
<ol>
<li>Do you have experience in the banking/fintech/financial services sector driving process optimization?</li>
<li>Do you have experience in banking operations topics related to: payments and reconciliations, recovery operations (dunning and collections) and/or regulatory processes such GDPR, account customer data?&nbsp;</li>
<li>Do you have experience leading large teams as well as managing 1stLoD support agents from vendor partners/BPO?</li>
<li>Do you enjoy complex data analysis and working on dashboards to find root causes to improve customer and business outcomes?</li>
</ol>
<h2><strong>In your next challenge, you will:</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Lead and develop a team of dedicated professionals in order to deliver best-in-class global Banking Operations across a range of problem areas.</li>
<li>Co-creating and implementing the strategy for the department and aligning with overall banking operations and N26 strategy and goals.</li>
<li>Ensure your teams and stakeholders are aligned when new products or market launches occur.</li>
<li>Improve end-to-end process effectiveness and efficiency in line with the commitments on respective local regulation for existing and new markets.</li>
<li>Responsible for service delivery and governance with outsourcing partners, including the identification and mitigation of risks and challenges.</li>
<li>Proactively identify, prioritise and manage key projects and opportunities. Scope and execute initiatives end-to-end, support standardization and automation, drive change Management and challenge the status quo.</li>
<li>Apply a data-driven approach to refine and develop key metrics that measure quality and efficiency of banking operational processes and services. Collaborate with supporting functions to monitor, analyse and enhance performance.</li>
<li>Represent the voice of the customer within the team and collaborate with cross functionally, to implement actions in order to improve the quality of services.</li>
<li>Proactively manage operational and business risk by supporting incident analysis and implementation of relevant solutions and workarounds to minimize customer impact.</li>
<li>Improve communication frameworks to enable bilateral communication between operational teams, Product and other stakeholders, including those on market-facing improvements.</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>What you’ll need to be successful</strong></h2>
<p>Background &amp; Skills</p>
<ul>
<li>3+ years of proven experience as a leader in European Banking Operations or Service Delivery teams, with a track record of building and leading high-performing operations teams.</li>
<li>Experience and ability to identify, execute and oversee process optimization initiatives, regulatory compliance and risk management frameworks.</li>
<li>A strong analytical mindset and an ability to monitor and analyze data and use this to inform, prioritize and guide your management decisions.</li>
<li>Demonstrated ability to manage cross-functional projects and implement strategic initiatives using data-driven decision making.</li>
<li>You have stakeholder management skills with an ability to connect at all levels of an international organization, bringing strengths in operational excellence, collaboration and customer-centric mindset.</li>
<li>Confident with both written and verbal communication. English language fluency is a must, additional languages relevant to our markets are a plus.</li>
<li>You bring an innovative and customer-oriented mindset and a strong delivery mentality with a focus on execution. The customer is always at the forefront of your mind, and your entrepreneurial spirit will help us delivering best-in-class banking services</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>What’s in it for you:</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Accelerate your career growth by joining one of Europe’s most talked about disruptors 🚀.</li>
<li>Employee benefits that range from a competitive personal development budget, work from home budget, discounts to fitness &amp; wellness memberships, language apps and public transportation.&nbsp;</li>
<li>As an N26 employee you will have access to a Premium subscription on your personal N26 bank account. As well as subscriptions for friends and family members.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;</li>
<li>Additional day of annual leave for each year of service.&nbsp;&nbsp;</li>
<li>A high degree of autonomy and access to cutting edge technologies - all while working with a friendly team of peers of diverse nationalities, life experiences and family statuses.&nbsp;</li>
<li>A relocation package with visa support for those who need it.</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Who we are</strong></h2>
<p>N26 has reimagined banking for today’s digital world. Technology and design empower<a href="https://n26.com/en-eu/blog"> everything we do</a> and it’s how we are building the global banking platform the world loves to use.</p>
<p>We've eliminated physical branches, paperwork, and hidden fees for an elegant digital experience and supreme savings. Giving people the power to live and bank their way is what gets us out of bed in the morning and inspires the work that we do.&nbsp;</p>
<p>We are headquartered in Berlin with offices in multiple cities across Europe, including Vienna and Barcelona, and a 1,500-strong team of more than 80 nationalities.</p>
<p><strong>Sounds good? Apply now for this position.</strong></p>
<p><strong>Equal Opportunities:</strong></p>
<p>We recognize that our strength lies in our people and the varied perspectives they bring to our workforce. We strive to build talented and diverse teams to drive our business success and empower our people to reach their full potential.</p>
<p>We genuinely welcome and encourage applications from people of all backgrounds, cultures, genders, sexual orientations, abilities, neurodiversities, and ages. We're committed to creating an inclusive workspace where everyone feels valued and respected, free from harassment and discrimination. If there's anything you need to make the application process work for you, please let us know by reaching out to <a href="mailto:candidate.exp@n26.com">candidate.exp@n26.com</a>.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Visit our <a href="https://n26.com/en-eu/diversity-and-inclusion">website</a> to learn more about Diversity, Equity, &amp; Inclusion at N26.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>