<p>Business Value Consulting (BVC) is a critical, client-facing role where the&nbsp;consultant will work closely with the MongoDB Sales team, playing a key role in&nbsp;driving the business forward. In a pre-sales perspective, BVCs engage with clients&nbsp;to capture and communicate the potential business value that our solutions&nbsp;provide. For post-Sales, BVCs validate the value, identify optimization&nbsp;opportunities and identify new growth opportunities.</p>
<p>You will work across all industries, evaluating the business benefits and financial value to companies primarily in our Enterprise market.</p>
<p>This role will be based remotely in Dublin, Ireland.</p>
<h3>Responsibilities</h3>
<ul>
<li>Lead engagements with customers using a value-based selling approach to build a compelling narrative that covers the current state, the desired future state, the value in closing the gap, and a delivery plan to ensure their success</li>
<li>Manage existing customers in Value Realization activities to ensure they&nbsp;understand the value achieved, improvement opportunities and new value&nbsp;opportunities</li>
<li>Lead the development of Business Value Consulting collateral for internal&nbsp;and customer-facing use as new MongoDB initiatives are released, and&nbsp;when a gap or need of the practice is identified</li>
<li>Use business, technical, and financial analyses to understand the baseline&nbsp;and future state capabilities of the customer</li>
<li>Create and present the business case and the forecasted business impact&nbsp;the customer can achieve using MongoDB solutions</li>
<li>Translate technical concepts and recommendations into business benefits&nbsp;for management and executives</li>
<li>Coach the sales organization, to impact both tactical and strategic&nbsp;opportunity success of our field sales force</li>
<li>Serve as a mentor to sellers to provide input and recommendations into&nbsp;their account and opportunity plans</li>
<li>Travel is required but varies throughout the year</li>
</ul>
<h3>Requirements</h3>
<ul>
<li>B.A. / B.S. from an accredited college; preference for Business&nbsp;Management, Economics, Finance or related degree</li>
<li>Proven experience as a Business and Technology Strategy Consultant with&nbsp;Business Case experience</li>
<li>10+ years professional experience across the IT industry, technology,&nbsp;strategy, pre-sales consulting for software vendors, application</li>
<li>development and data</li>
<li>Business and financial modeling expert, familiarity with key financial&nbsp;metrics: ROI, TCO, NPV, IRR</li>
<li>Power user in productivity tools, custom building spreadsheets,&nbsp;presentations and data visualizations</li>
<li>Lead discovery to facilitate interview sessions with both business and&nbsp;technical stakeholders on the customer side</li>
<li>Demonstrated experience addressing executive and senior level&nbsp;stakeholders</li>
<li>Strong technical understanding of enterprise infrastructure, technology&nbsp;stack, software development methodologies (SDLC, Agile, DevOps),</li>
<li>RDBMS and/or NoSQL software</li>
<li>Must have fluency in Spanish or Italian both verbal and written.</li>
</ul>
<h3>An Ideal Candidate</h3>
<ul>
<li>Ability to adapt to customer situations</li>
<li>Ability to articulate value from both pre-sale and post-sale view</li>
<li>Experience for a software vendor in a business value role</li>
</ul>
<h3>About MongoDB</h3>
<p>MongoDB is built for change, empowering our customers and our people to innovate at the speed of the market. We have redefined the database for the AI era, enabling innovators to create, transform, and disrupt industries with software. MongoDB’s unified database platform, the most widely available, globally distributed database on the market, helps organizations modernize legacy workloads, embrace innovation, and unleash AI. Our cloud-native platform, MongoDB Atlas, is the only globally distributed, multi-cloud database and is available across AWS, Google Cloud, and Microsoft Azure.</p>
<p>With offices worldwide and over 60,000 customers, including 75% of the Fortune 100 and AI-native startups, relying on MongoDB for their most important applications, we’re powering the next era of software.</p>
<p>Our compass at MongoDB is our <a href="https://www.mongodb.com/company">Leadership Commitment,</a> guiding how and why we make decisions, show up for each other, and win. It’s what makes us MongoDB.&nbsp;</p>
<p>To drive the personal growth and business impact of our employees, we’re committed to developing a supportive and enriching culture for everyone. <a href="https://www.mongodb.com/company/blog/culture/employee-benefits-that-make-a-difference-at-mongodb">From employee affinity groups, to fertility assistance and a generous parental leave policy</a>, we value our employees’ wellbeing and want to support them along every step of their professional and personal journeys.<a href="https://www.mongodb.com/blog/channel/culture"> Learn more about what it’s like to work at MongoDB</a>, and help us make an impact on the world!</p>
<p>MongoDB is committed to providing any necessary accommodations for individuals with disabilities within our application and interview process. To request an accommodation due to a disability, please inform your recruiter.</p>
<p>MongoDB is an equal opportunities employer.</p>
<p>Req ID 426216</p>