<p><strong>About Nabis</strong></p>
<p>Nabis is the #1 licensed cannabis wholesale platform in the world with the largest portfolio of cannabis brands, supplying $1B+ worth of cannabis products per year from hundreds of brands to retailers across California, New York, and Nevada. Our mission is to empower the world to discover cannabis by providing choice, access, and innovation.</p>
<p>We’re at the forefront of this movement and are building an innovative technology-first platform to scale the entirety of the cannabis industry. Through dedication to enhancing efficiency, transparency, and customer satisfaction, Nabis is paving the way for sweeping legalization.</p>
<p>Our team, backed by Y Combinator and from a celebrity roster of tech luminaries and celebrities, including DoorDash co-founder Stanley Tang, NFL Hall of Famer Joe Montana, Gmail creator Paul Buchheit, and Twitch co-founder Justin Kan, is scaling the cannabis supply chain with technology, and our ultimate goal is to become the largest distributor of cannabis products in the world.</p>
<p><strong>The Role</strong></p>
<p>The Shift Manager reporting to the General Manager is responsible for maintaining a complete understanding of Nabis’s central warehouse processes, along with the nuances of enterprise client relationships as they pertain to fulfillment. They are fully accountable to all KPIs for the shift divisions of their market. They must be exceptionally organized, process-oriented, and a master communicator. This person must be a charismatic leader who can coach supervisors and associates. An understanding of fulfillment processes and logistics software is required. This person must thrive in an environment of intense pressure, short deadlines, and ever-changing requirements.</p>
<p>The Shift Manager is employed to organize, oversee, and strategize the daily fulfillment operations of their regional market. They will command a 30 + person team locally, leading fulfillment teams. This person is responsible for the seamless fulfillment of the local market to maintain contract SLAs and triage emergency disruptions. They will also work closely with other Nabis hubs and cross-functionally support the streamlining of all new &amp; existing processes.&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li style="line-height: 1;" data-start="674" data-end="756"><strong data-start="823" data-end="843">Overnight Shift:</strong> 10:00 PM to 6:30 AM, Sunday through Thursday</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Responsibilities:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Ensure the timely and accurate fulfillment of all orders</li>
<li>Track and manage daily volume to ensure no disruption in SLA compliance</li>
<li>Track and manage team performance and provide feedback and training to associates as needed</li>
<li>Manage a large team while monitor and tracking team’s adherence to standard operating procedures (SOP)</li>
<li>Forecast and monitor staffing needs and schedules of department associates</li>
<li>Provide timely and professional communication to support other Nabis departments and external partner relationships</li>
<li>Collaborate with all departments (including Central Op and People) to ensure regular and productive cross-department communication</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>KPIs</strong></p>
<p>The Shift Manager is accountable to KPIs within the following divisions of the Inventory department, including monthly reporting to the General Manager, and tiered engagement with KPIs at all team levels of the local operation (including regular supervisor reporting and regular and documented hourly employee KPI performance conversations). They will work with the General Manager to meet and progress the goals of each. They are to lead on institutions of tiered metrics of the organization and have a full understanding of how their metrics connect to company-wide, executive-level OKRs to individual associate-level performance.&nbsp; KPI categories include but are not limited to:</p>
<ul>
<li>Time &amp; Attendance</li>
<li>Performance Management / Churn&nbsp;</li>
<li>Training / Succession</li>
<li>Unit-Level Fulfillment DOTIF - Mispack</li>
<li>Order-Level&nbsp; Fulfillment DOTIF - Mispack</li>
<li>Order-Level&nbsp; Fulfillment DOTIF - Non-Terminals Fulfillment</li>
<li>Fulfillment Cap Restriction&nbsp;</li>
<li>Fulfillment Units per Hour</li>
<li>Schedules</li>
<li>Timesheets</li>
<li>Overtime</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Qualifications:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>High empathy, excellent communication skills, and an interest in working directly with a wide array of people</li>
<li>Superior time management and organization</li>
<li>Tenacity and adaptability to navigate the evolving demands of working at a high-growth startup</li>
<li>High EQ, low ego, and a willingness to do everything, including manual labor</li>
<li>Delegation and project follow-up</li>
<li>Meticulous and detail oriented</li>
<li>2+ years of experience within a warehouse or logistics setting</li>
<li>2+ years of experience managing a team of at least 30+ employees</li>
<li>Adaptability and flexibility</li>
<li>Familiarity with MS Office and various business software (e.g., ERP, CRM)</li>
<li>Must be 21 years or older and must pass a background check</li>
<li>Monday -- Friday on-site work availability&nbsp;</li>
<li>Ability to lift 50 lbs., bend, stretch, and twist</li>
<li>Experience in the Cannabis industry preferred</li>
<li>Supply chain / data analysis training or the equivalent work experience</li>
<li>Project management and quantitative analysis expertise</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>WHY YOU'LL LOVE WORKING AT NABIS!</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>You'll work at the fastest growing cannabis startup in the U.S.</li>
<li>Medical/Dental/Vision offered to all full-time employees: 75% of employee premium paid by Nabis</li>
<li>Competitive salary of $80k+&nbsp; depending on experience along with 401K</li>
<li>Industry discounts at cannabis retail shops across California</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong><em>Nabis is an Equal Opportunity Employer</em></strong></p>
<p><em>Nabis is seeking to create a diverse work environment because all teams are stronger with different perspectives and life experiences. We strongly encourage women, people of color, LGBTQIA individuals, people with disabilities, members of ethnic minorities, foreign-born residents, older members of society, and others from minority groups and diverse backgrounds to apply. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, gender, religion, color, national origin, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. All employees and contractors of Nabis are responsible for maintaining a work culture free from discrimination and harassment by treating others with kindness and respect.</em></p>