<div class="content-intro"><p>Fastly helps people stay better connected with the things they love. Fastly’s edge cloud platform enables customers to create great digital experiences quickly, securely, and reliably by processing, serving, and securing our customers’ applications as close to their end-users as possible — at the edge of the Internet. The platform is designed to take advantage of the modern internet, to be programmable, and to support agile software development. Fastly’s customers include many of the world’s most prominent companies, including GitHub, Yelp, Paramount, and JetBlue.</p>
<p>We're building a more trustworthy Internet. Come join us.</p></div><h3><strong>Data Center Engineer&nbsp;</strong></h3>
<p>Fastly’s Datacenter Infrastructure Team is looking for a Data Center Engineer that is highly proficient in the deployment and maintenance of datacenter equipment, including servers, switches, routers, power distribution units, as well as all related cabling and connectivity. Ideal candidates should have experience with high-density datacenter configurations, project management, prioritizing work and excellent troubleshooting skills. Working on Fastly’s Infrastructure Team requires the ability to work autonomously through routine tasks while also working cross-functionally with Fastly teams for larger initiatives.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>What You'll Do:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>
<p>Oversee the installation (rack, stack and cabling), configuration and deployment of data center equipment deployed to Fastly data centers worldwide</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Assist in training new hires and mentoring existing team in both current and new skill development</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Order and handle cross connect circuit installs/de-Installs, configure BGP and update internal circuit records</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Organize and prioritize daily workload using the JIRA issue tracker.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Write and publish SOW / SOP for internal Fastly documentation to be used internally for DCI and externally for other Fastly teams</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Enable team productivity by ensuring that hardware is onsite; work closely with Procurement team to resolve logistic issues that could impact timelines</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Provide guidance and instructions to remote hands personnel and third-party vendors to carry out tasks such as POP deployments, hardware replacements, cable installations, and troubleshooting under your supervision</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Partner with your Datacenter Engineers with a player / coach approach; support complex problems as a middle point of escalation for the team.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Actively participate in Fastly’s on-call pager rotation</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>What We're Looking For:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>
<p>10+ years of direct involvement in supporting data center operations at an Internet Service Provider (ISP), hosting provider, or other datacenter-oriented position or equivalent</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Experience of DWDM architecture</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Expert-level knowledge of power and network cabling standards including but not limited to NEMA, IEC, and/or ANSI/TIA - crimping copper patch cords and troubleshooting fiber optic cabling is a required skill set at Fastly</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Highly experienced with working with vendors to oversee PoP installations and hardware repairs</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Proficient in Linux</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Proficiency with hardware from Hyve, HPE, Dell, Arista, Ciena, and/or Cisco</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Proven experience as a Data Center Engineer with a focus on rotations and 24/7 operations</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Expert experience working in a Linux environment&nbsp;</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Able to read and write English installation documentation (documents/drawings/spreadsheets)</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Knowledge of safe working practices (e.g., familiar with proper tool safety, eye protection, ladder safety, etc.) and able to document practices</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Able to lift heavy equipment</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Able to work days/nights/weekends/holidays, if needed and/or required</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Able to travel up to 10% of the time</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>We’ll be super impressed if you have experience in any of these:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p><em>One or more of the following certifications preferred: Fluke CCTT Copper, Fluke CCTT Fiber, BICSI Level II Copper, Comp-TIA A+ or equivalent work experience</em></p>
<ul>
<li>
<p>Understanding of DWDM architecture</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Knowledge or fluency in Bash or Python scripting languages&nbsp;</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Work Location(s) &amp; Travel Requirements:</strong></p>
<p>The preferred locations for this position are:</p>
<ul>
<li>
<p>London, United Kingdom (Hybrid)</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p>This position may require travel as required by your role or requested by your manager.</p>
<p><strong>Benefits:</strong></p>
<p>We care about you. Fastly works hard to create a positive environment for our employees, and we think your life outside of work is important too. We support our teams with great benefits that start on the first day of your employment with Fastly. Curious about our offerings?</p>
<p>We offer a comprehensive benefits package designed to meet your needs. Our offerings may vary depending on the country where you work and are subject to change.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>Why Fastly?</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>
<p><strong>We have a huge impact.</strong>&nbsp;Fastly is a small company with a big reach. Not only do<a class="external-link" href="https://www.fastly.com/customers" target="\_blank">&nbsp;our customers</a>&nbsp;have a tremendous user base, but we also support a growing number of<a class="external-link" href="https://www.fastly.com/open-source/" target="\_blank">&nbsp;open source projects and initiatives</a>.&nbsp;Outside of code, employees are encouraged to share causes close to their heart with others so we can help lend a supportive hand.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p><strong>We value diversity.</strong>&nbsp;Growing and maintaining our inclusive and diverse team matters to us. We are committed to being a company where our employees feel comfortable bringing their authentic selves to work and have the ability to be successful -- every day.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p><strong>We are passionate.</strong>&nbsp;Fastly is chock full of passionate people and we’re not ‘one size fits all’. Fastly employs authors, pilots, skiers, parents (of humans and animals), makeup geeks, coffee connoisseurs, and more. We love employees for who they are and what they are passionate about.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>We’re always looking for humble, sharp, and creative folks to join the Fastly team. If you think you might be a fit please apply!</strong><strong> A fully completed application and resume or CV are required when applying.</strong></p>
<p><em>All job applications must be submitted through our official careers site at </em><a href="http://www.fastly.com/careers"><em>www.fastly.com/about/careers</em></a><em>. We will never request sensitive information, such as your Social Security number, bank account or credit card information during the application process. All official communication will come from an @</em><a href="http://fastly.com"><em>fastly.com</em></a><em> or @</em><a href="http://recruiting.fastly.com"><em>recruiting.fastly.com</em></a><em> email address. </em></p>
<p><em><span style="font-weight: 400;">Fastly is committed to ensuring equal employment opportunity and to providing employees with a safe and welcoming work environment free of discrimination and harassment. Our employment decisions are based on business needs, job requirements and individual qualifications.</span></em><em><span style="font-weight: 400;"> All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, family or parental status, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances.</span></em></p>
<p><em><span style="font-weight: 400;">Consistent with the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) and federal or state disability laws, Fastly will provide reasonable accommodations for applicants and employees with disabilities. If reasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and/or to receive other benefits and privileges of employment, please contact your Recruiter, or the Fastly Employee Relations team at </span></em><a href="mailto:candidateaccommodations@fastly.com"><em><span style="font-weight: 400;">candidateaccommodations@fastly.com</span></em></a><em><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or 501-287-4901.&nbsp; </span></em></p>
<p><em>Fastly collects and processes personal data submitted by job applicants in accordance with our<a class="external-link" href="https://www.fastly.com/privacy" target="\_blank">&nbsp;Privacy Policy</a>. Please see our<a class="external-link" href="https://www.fastly.com/privacy-job-applicants" target="\_blank">&nbsp;privacy notice for job applicants</a>.</em></p></div>