<div class="content-intro"><h3>ABOUT TIDE</h3>
<p>At Tide we help SMEs save time (and money) in the running of their businesses by not only offering business accounts and related banking services, but also a comprehensive set of highly usable and connected administrative solutions from invoicing to accounting.</p>
<p>Tide is transforming the small business banking market with over 1.8 million members globally across the UK, India, Germany and France.</p>
<p>Using advanced technology, all solutions are designed with SMEs in mind. With quick onboarding, low fees and innovative features, we thrive on making data-driven decisions to serve our mission: to help SMEs save both time (and money) so they can get back to doing what they love.</p>
<p><strong>Tide facts:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Tide is available for UK, Indian, German and French SMEs</li>
<li>Over 1.8 million members: 800,000 UK and 1,000,000 in India and growing rapidly</li>
<li>Over $300 million raised in funding</li>
<li>Over 2,500 Tideans globally - we’re diversity champions!</li>
<li>We have offices in Central London, with a member support and technology centre in Sofia, Bulgaria, technology centres in Serbia, Romania, Lithuania and Hyderabad and offices in Gurugram and New Delhi, and in Berlin, Paris and Luxembourg.</li>
</ul></div><h3>WHAT WE ARE LOOKING FOR&nbsp;</h3>
<p>As a Business Development Executive you’ll be entrepreneurial, target oriented and passionate about helping small businesses. Working in a fast-paced, ever changing environment will excite you along with an interest in the fintech industry and all that we are doing to save small business owners time and money. You’ll be target focused and confident at handling objections to achieve your revenue goals. You’ll also have an excellent telephone manner, will be outgoing and thrive working in a close-knit team. You’ll possess excellent commercial awareness, constantly seeking new opportunities to generate revenue, and will be happy in a field sales role approaching prospects in person. Passion, drive and enthusiasm are a must.</p>
<h3>AS A BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT EXECUTIVE:</h3>
<ul>
<li>You’ll be calling potential prospects that have enquired via social media and price comparison websites for our products</li>
<li>You will walk these potential members through our products, signup process, answer their questions and use your persuasion skills to reassure them that we are the best and convert them into full fledged Tide Members!</li>
<li>You’ll work with the KYC team to ensure that the members have provided all the correct documentation and will troubleshoot any issues that come their way. For this reason, you’ll need to be technically minded</li>
<li>You’ll work cross-functionally with other departments to understand upcoming product launches and ensure that you can pitch these to our members</li>
<li>You’ll get to know these leads/prospective members, and how their businesses plan to operate and will recommend relevant products and services to help them thrive. You’ll be entirely comfortable with cold calls, cold emails and cold outreach, and will not need extensive coaching on this</li>
<li>You’ll spend time coaching them through the setup process, and will support wherever needed; giving them a 5 star service as you welcome them to Tide</li>
</ul>
<h3>WHAT MAKES YOU A GREAT FIT:</h3>
<ul>
<li>Are passionate, driven, have a can do attitude and positive!</li>
<li>You have excellent written and spoken English language skills</li>
<li>You have previous customer service or telesales experience, specifically in POS device sales</li>
<li>You’re focused on revenue and can up-sell to our prospective members</li>
<li>You’re target driven</li>
<li>You are comfortable with constant change and switching of priorities</li>
<li>You love to troubleshoot and have a member first mentality</li>
<li>You’re able to articulate the onboarding requirements depending on the nature of the business efficiently and within a limited time frame</li>
<li>You’re a team player and can complete ad-hoc tasks to help the&nbsp; KYC Analyst Team on occasions</li>
<li>You will be incredibly self-motivated and conscientious, wanting to make a real difference to the business</li>
<li>You have the ability to be able to listen, learn and adapt to feedback</li>
<li>You may also have some knowledge of compliance, KYC, AML, and associated regulations</li>
<li>You may also have previous experience working with a Fintech, digital bank or POS provider</li>
</ul>
<h3>WHAT YOU’LL GET IN RETURN</h3>
<p>Make work, work for you! We are embracing new ways of working and support flexible working arrangements. With our Working Out of Office (WOO) policy our colleagues can work remotely from home or anywhere in their home country. Additionally, you can work from a different country for 90 days of the year. Plus, you’ll get:</p>
<ul>
<li>Flexible working options</li>
<li>Group Life Insurance&nbsp;</li>
<li>27 days holiday</li>
<li>3 days for L&amp;D or volunteering time off per year</li>
<li>We invest in your development with a professional L&amp;D budget per year</li>
<li>Snacks, light food, drinks in the office</li>
<li>Enhanced family-friendly leave</li>
<li>Sabbatical leave</li>
</ul>
<h3>TIDEAN WAYS OF WORKING</h3>
<p>At Tide, we champion a <strong>flexible workplace </strong>model that<strong> </strong>supports both in-person and remote work to cater to the specific needs of our different teams.&nbsp;</p>
<p>While remote work is supported, we believe in the power of face-to-face interactions to foster team spirit and collaboration. Our offices are designed as hubs for innovation and team-building, where we encourage regular in-person gatherings to foster a strong sense of community.</p><div class="content-conclusion"><h3>TIDE IS A PLACE FOR EVERYONE</h3>
<p>At Tide, we believe that we can only succeed if we let our differences enrich our culture. Our Tideans come from a variety of backgrounds and experience levels. We consider everyone irrespective of their ethnicity, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, family or parental status, national origin, veteran, neurodiversity or differently-abled status. We celebrate diversity in our workforce as a cornerstone of our success. Our commitment to a broad spectrum of ideas and backgrounds is what enables us to build products that resonate with our members’ diverse needs and lives.&nbsp;</p>
<p>We are One Team and foster a transparent and inclusive environment, where everyone’s voice is heard.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><em>At Tide, we thrive on diversity, embracing various backgrounds and experiences. We welcome all individuals regardless of ethnicity, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, or disability. Our inclusive culture is key to our success, helping us build products that meet our members' diverse needs. We are One Team, committed to transparency and ensuring everyone’s voice is heard.</em></p>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section">&nbsp;</div>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section"><strong>Disclaimer</strong></div>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section">&nbsp;</div>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section"><em>It has come to our attention that individuals or agencies are falsely claiming to represent Tide and are reaching out to candidates regarding job opportunities. Please be aware that:</em></div>
<ul class="p-rich\_text\_list p-rich\_text\_list\_\_bullet p-rich\_text\_list--nested" data-stringify-type="unordered-list" data-list-tree="true" data-indent="0" data-border="0">
<li style="font-style: italic;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><em>Tide does&nbsp;<strong data-stringify-type="bold">not</strong>&nbsp;charge any fees at any stage of the recruitment process.</em></li>
<li style="font-style: italic;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><em>All official Tide job opportunities are listed exclusively on our&nbsp;<a href="https://www.tide.co/careers/" target="\_blank"><strong data-stringify-type="bold">Careers Page</strong></a>&nbsp;and applications should be submitted through this channel.</em></li>
<li style="font-style: italic;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><em>Communication from Tide will only come from an official&nbsp;<strong data-stringify-type="bold">@tide</strong><strong data-stringify-type="bold">.co</strong>&nbsp;email address.</em></li>
<li style="font-style: italic;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><em>Tide does not work with agencies or recruiters without prior formal engagement, and we do not authorize third parties to make job offers on our behalf.</em></li>
</ul>
<p><em>If you are contacted by anyone misrepresenting Tide or requesting payment, please treat it as fraudulent and report it to us immediately at <a href="mailto:talent@tide.co" target="\_blank">talent@tide.co</a><br>Your safety and trust are important to us, and we are committed to ensuring a fair and transparent recruitment process.</em></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><em><em data-stringify-type="italic">Tide leverages AI to enhance our hiring experience. You can read more about how we use AI in our recruitment process in our <a href="https://assets.ctfassets.net/3h69mkdgxn20/5MFtWSdG8YLKq3jZkK52NY/3f18633073e6cdbd03bba4b9791c64f4/Using\_AI\_throughout\_the\_Hiring\_Process.pdf" target="\_blank">AI Policy</a>.</em></em></p>
<p><em><em data-stringify-type="italic">Your personal data will be processed by Tide for recruitment purposes and in accordance with </em><em data-stringify-type="italic"><a class="c-link" href="https://assets.ctfassets.net/3h69mkdgxn20/4TE0uAE3SXomATDVneocNA/aa31893960b4064dd406ad15d029dcd3/Recruitment\_Privacy\_Notice.pdf" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://assets.ctfassets.net/3h69mkdgxn20/1MYf6q4ZMWugpeaROVETBN/526e9c160a2de03576413c81657c6466/Recruitment\_Privacy\_Notice\_\_Final\_Draft\_\_Sep\_2024\_.pdf" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">Tide's Recruitment Privacy Notice</a></em><em data-stringify-type="italic">.</em></em></p></div>