<h2>Who we are</h2>
<h3>About Stripe</h3>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies—from the world’s largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyone’s reach while doing the most important work of your career.</span></p>
<h3><strong>About the team</strong></h3>
<p>Stripe’s Edge organization provides the secure, fast, and highly reliable platform that connects our products to users worldwide. By abstracting away the complexities of the public internet, we empower Stripe’s product engineers to focus entirely on building world-class features. We engineer and operate fundamental infrastructure blocks—including global routing, CDNs, DDoS mitigation, certificate and domain management, and traffic ingress/egress—all while maintaining rigorous PCI compliance.</p>
<p>As an engineer on the Edge team, you will play a key technical leadership role. You will build highly resilient, distributed systems that scale alongside Stripe’s rapid growth, while optimizing for a best-in-class price-to-performance ratio. We continuously invest in developing net-new distributed services and scaling our existing technologies, partnering closely with internal product teams to anticipate and meet their evolving needs.</p>
<p>Stripe’s infrastructure powers millions of businesses globally—processing payments, running complex marketplaces, detecting fraud, and helping entrepreneurs launch internet businesses from anywhere. Because our users rely on us to run their businesses, uncompromising availability and reliability are essential. Every request we process is mission-critical. The Edge organization builds and operates the foundational infrastructure that sits at the very heart of these real-time payment requests, ensuring they reach the Stripe API safely, securely, and instantly.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<h2><strong>What you’ll do</strong></h2>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>We are seeking an experienced Software Engineer to bring technical leadership to our Network Infrastructure team. This team is responsible for engineering the core network infrastructure, CDN, and certificate management systems that empower Stripe’s product teams to securely build and operate their services. In this role, you will shape a world-class developer experience for internal Stripe teams and play a pivotal part in scaling the foundational infrastructure that globally powers our entire product suite.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>Projects and areas you will work on include:</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>Architect next-generation systems: Design and implement robust, forward-looking solutions for global network management, content delivery networks (CDN), and automated certificate lifecycles.</li>
<li>Drive reliability and safety: Lead initiatives to enhance deployment safety, fortify system reliability, and eliminate operational risks associated with configuration management.</li>
<li>Lead high-impact initiatives: Spearhead major technical and business projects, partnering closely with cross-functional stakeholders to ensure successful, on-time delivery.</li>
<li>Automate and optimize: Design and build innovative systems focused on end-to-end infrastructure automation and driving significant cost-efficiencies.</li>
<li>Champion operational excellence: Collaborate seamlessly with partner teams to elevate observability, security, and strict compliance standards across our infrastructure edge.</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>Responsibilities</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Drive team’s technical vision, roadmap, tooling, process, and culture</li>
<li>Scope, design, implement, and deploy robust solutions, making appropriate tradeoffs between reliability, throughput, latency, resiliency, engineering velocity and cost</li>
<li>Innovate, design and implement software solutions that contribute towards improvement in infrastructure resiliency, reliability, efficiency and management at scale</li>
<li>Uphold our high engineering standards and improve our codebase and processes</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Who you are</strong></h2>
<p>We’re looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.</p>
<h3><strong>Minimum requirements</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>10+ years of hands-on experience building large-scale, distributed systems</li>
<li>Proven track record of building large scale, complex distributed systems; identifying shortcomings and optimization opportunities; and making data driven cost performance tradeoffs to influence design decisions</li>
<li>Experience building and operating infrastructure and tools that empower developers/product teams to deliver business value</li>
<li>Experience leading and creating strong technical teams that balance operational excellence, collaboration and user needs</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>Preferred qualifications</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Deep expertise in networking internals and systems programming.</li>
<li>Hands-on experience with core internet protocols (DNS, TCP), L4/L7 security, traffic shaping, and routing mechanisms.</li>
<li>A strong background in performance analysis, complex systems debugging, and thoughtful API design.</li>
<li>Proficiency in modern programming languages, with extensive experience in Go and Python.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>