<div class="content-intro"><p><strong>Who we are&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>At Twilio, we’re shaping the future of communications, all from the comfort of our homes. We deliver innovative solutions to<a class="c-link" href="https://customers.twilio.com/" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://customers.twilio.com/" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">&nbsp;hundreds of thousands of businesses&nbsp;</a>and empower millions of developers worldwide to craft personalized customer experiences.</p>
<p>Our dedication to <a class="c-link" href="https://www.twilio.com/en-us/blog/open-work" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://www.twilio.com/en-us/blog/open-work" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">remote-first work</a>, and strong culture of connection and global inclusion means that no matter your location, you’re part of a vibrant team with diverse experiences making a global impact each day. As we continue to revolutionize how the world interacts, we’re acquiring new skills and experiences that make work feel truly rewarding. Your career at Twilio is in your hands.<br><br>We use Artificial Intelligence (AI) to help make our hiring process efficient. That said, every hiring decision is made by real Twilions!</p>
<p><span style="color: rgb(255, 255, 255);">.</span></p></div><p><strong>See yourself at Twilio</strong></p>
<p>Join the team as Twilio’s next Regulatory and Inventory Operations Engineer (L2).</p>
<p><strong>About the job</strong></p>
<p>Twilio is seeking an operations engineer to help us scale our phone number inventory operations globally. This role will join the team whose primary responsibilities include managing our worldwide phone number inventory. Your focus will be to manage daily functions that protect our supply chain of phone numbers, ensure Twilio customers have access to provision phone numbers, and ensure we’re delivering on our KPIs. The Global Phone Number Operations team is a key part of Twilio’s Super Network, whose mission is to provide the infrastructure that catalogs, orchestrates, and delivers the world's connectivity.</p>
<p><strong>Responsibilities</strong></p>
<p>In this role, you’ll:</p>
<ul>
<li>Ensure that our supply of phone numbers meets customer demand without incurring undue inventory carrying costs.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Ensure customer the submitted customer KYC meets the internal policies&nbsp;</li>
<li>Work closely with internal stakeholders and customers to ensure compliance with global phone number regulations.</li>
<li>Serve as a domain expert on all things related to phone numbers; ally with the Sales and Support teams to serve our customers in navigating complex questions and projects.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Design and optimize new processes to ensure our customers have an excellent experience with Twilio.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Communicates at an intermediate level through data, graphs, and visuals</li>
<li>Collaborate with Twilio’s Product and Engineering teams to troubleshoot technical problems with our internal tooling and external product offerings.&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Qualifications&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>Twilio values diverse experiences from all kinds of industries, and we encourage everyone who meets the required qualifications to apply. If your career is just starting or hasn't followed a traditional path, don't let that stop you from considering Twilio. We are always looking for people who will bring something new to the table!</p>
<p><strong>Required:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>You are a tech- and process-savvy person who loves to build seamless operations that benefit our customers.&nbsp;</li>
<li>You’re empathetic and love working with customers to solve their problems. You know how to use data (including intermediate SQL) to make metrics-driven decisions.&nbsp;</li>
<li>You love learning new technology, and you have experience configuring and operating various systems and software tools.&nbsp;</li>
<li>You're thorough, organized, and process-oriented to the extreme, and you’re able to prioritize and execute multiple projects simultaneously.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Fluent in written and spoken Japanese</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Desired:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>You have a bachelor’s degree.&nbsp;</li>
<li>You have 3+ years experience working on an operations team.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Location</strong></p>
<p>This role will be remote, and based in Estonia&nbsp;</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>Twilio thinks big. Do you?</strong></p>
<p>We like to solve problems, take initiative, pitch in when needed, and are always up for trying new things. That's why we seek out colleagues who embody our values — something we call <a href="https://www.twilio.com/company/values">Twilio Magic</a>. Additionally, we empower employees to build <a href="https://twilio.org/support-and-resources/impact-fund">positive change in their communities</a> by supporting their volunteering and donation efforts.</p>
<p>So, if you're ready to unleash your full potential, do your best work, and be the best version of yourself, apply now! If this role isn't what you're looking for, <a href="https://www.twilio.com/company/jobs#open-positions">please consider other open positions.</a></p>
<p><strong>Twilio is proud to be an equal opportunity employer.</strong> We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, reproductive health decisions, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, genetic information, political views or activity, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Qualified applicants with arrest or conviction records will be considered for employment in accordance with the Los Angeles County Fair Chance Ordinance for Employers and the California Fair Chance Act. Additionally, Twilio participates in the E-Verify program in certain locations, as required by law.</p></div>