<h2><strong>About the opportunity</strong></h2>
<p>You will work in the <strong>Grow &amp; Engage</strong> domain. This is the heart of the customer experience ranging from the acquisition and signup to our premium membership tiers and the daily engagement of our users. You will work in teams delivering the newest and most innovative features serving our customers in the best way possible.</p>
<h2><strong>In this role, you will:</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Collaborate closely with your Tech Lead on architecting new features and seeing them through to completion.</li>
<li>Design, develop, test, deploy and maintain software in a thriving environment.</li>
<li>Have opportunities to mentor junior members in the team by relentlessly guarding code quality through pull requests and helping them when they have questions.</li>
<li>Stay up to date with the latest trends in technology and you are not afraid to propose some findings during our Get Stuff Done Days.</li>
<li>Work within your cross-functional team to uphold the highest technical standards right across the product.</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>What you need to be successful:</strong></h2>
<p><strong>Skills &amp; Background:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Experience in developing software using a JVM language and Spring Boot in large-scale production systems (note: experience of Kotlin would be a plus).</li>
<li>Sound understanding of microservice architecture.</li>
<li>Knowledge of both relational and non-relational databases, preferably Postgres.</li>
<li>Appreciation of working in a modern cloud architecture, preferably with AWS.</li>
<li>Full professional proficiency in English.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Traits:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Actively help yourself (and others) be successful.</li>
<li>Continuously learn and challenge the status quo.</li>
<li>Think globally, act locally.</li>
<li>Strong bias for action.</li>
<li>Give and receive open, direct and timely feedback.</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>What’s in it for you:</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Accelerate your career growth by joining one of Europe’s most talked about disruptors.</li>
<li>Employee benefits that range from a competitive personal development budget, work from home budget, discounts to fitness &amp; wellness memberships, language apps and public transportation.</li>
<li>As an N26 employee you will have access to a Premium subscription on your personal N26 bank account, as well as subscriptions for friends and family members.</li>
<li>Additional day of annual leave for each year of service.</li>
<li>A high degree of autonomy and access to cutting edge technologies - all while working with a friendly team of peers of diverse nationalities, life experiences and family statuses.</li>
<li>A relocation package with visa support for those who need it.</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Who we are</strong></h2>
<p>N26 has reimagined banking for today’s digital world. Technology and design empower everything we do and it’s how we are building the global banking platform the world loves to use. We’ve eliminated physical branches, paperwork, and hidden fees for an elegant digital experience and supreme savings. Giving people the power to live and bank their way is what gets us out of bed in the morning and inspires the work that we do.</p>
<p>We are headquartered in Berlin with offices in multiple cities across Europe, including Vienna and Barcelona, and a 1,500-strong team of more than 80 nationalities.</p>
<p><strong>Sounds good? Apply now for this position.</strong></p>
<h3><strong>Equal Opportunities</strong></h3>
<p>N26 is committed to creating an inclusive workspace where everyone feels valued and respected. We genuinely welcome and encourage applications from people of all backgrounds, cultures, genders, sexual orientations, abilities, neurodiversities, and ages. If there’s anything you need to make the application process work for you, please let us know by reaching out to candidate.exp@n26.com.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>