<div class="content-intro"><p><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif; font-size: 12pt;">Airbnb was born in 2007 when two hosts welcomed three guests to their San Francisco home, and has since grown to over 5 million hosts who have welcomed over 2 billion guest arrivals in almost every country across the globe. Every day, hosts offer unique stays and experiences that make it possible for guests to connect with communities in a more authentic way.</span></p></div><p><strong>The Community You Will Join:</strong></p>
<p>Community Support (CS) is a key driver in enabling Airbnb's core business. The Community Support Engineering (CSE) organization builds world-class tools for our team of Community Support ambassadors around the world as well as our operations teams, to ensure our guests and hosts have a great experience on Airbnb, 24/7, and 365 days a year.</p>
<p>Within CSE, China Routing and Data Service(CRD) Team works together with our US partners to co-own the CS foundations systems for our community. We are building the routing systems to efficiently connect our guests and hosts requests to the best agent, leveraging skills-based routing, context, and urgency signals;&nbsp; we are building CS data services providing the trusted data foundation that powers AI-driven solutions.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>The Difference You Will Make:</strong></p>
<p>We are seeking an experienced Engineering Manager to lead the China Routing and Data Service team. In this role, you will:</p>
<ul>
<li>Ramp up on the team’s technology, product, and business goals, including hands-on work to develop a deep technical understanding.</li>
<li>Lead, mentor, and grow a high-performing engineering team in a fast-paced environment.</li>
<li>Foster a team culture that emphasizes product thinking, technical depth, and customer-centric problem solving.</li>
<li>Drive and partner closely with teams across CSE to understand business cases and deliver intuitive, scalable routing and data solutions.</li>
<li>Set clear priorities and strategic direction in collaboration with cross functional partners..</li>
<li>Improve team processes to strengthen collaboration and ways of working, execution efficiency, and delivery quality.</li>
<li>Lead complex, cross-functional projects that align with business goals and deliver measurable impact.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>A Typical Day:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>As an Engineering Manager on the China Routing and Data team, you will:</p>
<ul>
<li>Collaborate with other senior leaders and peers to define and drive long-term technical strategy and architecture that enables the company’s future vision.</li>
<li>Collaborate with and influence cross-functional partners to design and deliver high-quality products.</li>
<li>Lead team technical initiatives, and work cross-functionally to identify opportunities for business impact, refine, and prioritize requirements for engineering systems.</li>
<li>Lead conversations that align technical efforts with business outcomes and product priorities.</li>
<li>Nurture a culture of technical quality and engineering excellence from design, through code review, to production.</li>
<li>Enable and empower ICs to grow their impact beyond individual contributions, creating opportunities for them to lead technical initiatives that span across platforms and organizations.</li>
<li>Retain, grow and hire a team of high-performing engineers. Build a strong and diverse team capable of turning ambitious product visions into a polished reality.&nbsp;&nbsp;</li>
<li>reality.&nbsp;&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Your Expertise :</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>9+ years of relevant software development industry experience in a fast paced tech environment.</li>
<li>Bachelor’s and/or Master’s degree, preferably in CS, or equivalent experience.</li>
<li>Excellent communication and collaboration skills. Proven experience working with many engineering teams and cross functional partners.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Strong expertise in building large-scale backend systems and experience in user facing features.</li>
<li>Strong product and design instinct, previous proven experience building delightfully designed experiences.</li>
<li>Flexible in leadership style, can adapt to a variety of ways of working depending on the situation.</li>
<li>Experience leading and shipping large initiatives with high business impact.</li>
<li>Creating a strong culture of operational excellence with focus on raising the bar for quality, reliability and availability.</li>
<li>Good judgment in making tradeoffs to balance short-term business needs with long-term technical quality.</li>
<li>Strong communication skill and ability to influence decisions from a wide variety of stakeholders.</li>
<li>Experience fostering an inclusive and engaging team environment.</li>
<li>Able to identify, retain, grow and acquire critical talent.</li>
<li>Strong commitment to fostering diversity, equity, and inclusion within teams.</li>
<li><strong>Fluency in communication in English and Mandarin.&nbsp;</strong></li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Your Location:</strong></p>
<p>This position is working remotely within China Mainland. The role may include occasional work at an Airbnb office or attendance at offsites, as agreed to with your manager. Your recruiter will inform you what cities you are able to work from depending on your personal legal working identity and Airbnb internal policies.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Our Commitment To Inclusion &amp; Belonging:</strong></p>
<p>Airbnb is committed to working with the broadest talent pool possible. We believe diverse ideas foster innovation and engagement, and allow us to attract creatively-led people, and to develop the best products, services and solutions. All qualified individuals are encouraged to apply.</p>
<p><br><br></p>