<div class="content-intro"><p>We are a global team of innovators and pioneers dedicated to shaping the future of observability. At New Relic, we build an intelligent platform that empowers companies to thrive in an AI-first world by giving them unparalleled insight into their complex systems. As we continue to expand our global footprint, we're looking for passionate people to join our mission. If you're ready to help the world's best companies optimize their digital applications, we invite you to explore a career with us!</p></div><div>&nbsp;</div>
<div><strong>New Relic Senior Solutions Consultant</strong></div>
<div><br>If you have that special mix of DNA that makes an extraordinary Solutions Consultant (SC) – the blend of great business savvy and technical prowess – then we are a match made in heaven!<br>As a key member of our New Relic Solutions Consulting (NRSC) team, you will be responsible for understanding a client’s business challenge and technical environment through deep levels of discovery and engagement. You will present technology solutions to solve these business challenges and build confidence in the New Relic platform capabilities through value alignment and clear differentiation. As the domain expert on New Relic you will help drive the ‘Technical Win’ in accounts by removing all technical objections in the sales cycle through your depth of technology skills and business acumen to provide clear business value.<br>You will be responsible for driving revenue for our New Relic platform with the the support and partnership of Sales, Product Management and our executive team. This role requires a hands-on solution consultant who can go wide and deep on solution positioning, differentiation and value during sales cycles.<br><strong>What you'll do:</strong><br>You will be the Technical lead for New Relic prospects (new logos) and customers and own the technical strategic direction in the account through an advanced ability to develop, position and provide product-centric and value-centric solutions during sales cycles, while achieving quarterly and annual sales goals for an assigned territory.<br>This role will focus on partnering with the Sales Account Executives to generate new revenue by taking technical ownership of the opportunity pursuits throughout the sales cycle for prospects (new logos) and expansion into new groups and/or new capabilities for existing customers.<br>The Solutions Consultant must possess a winning combination of business and technical skills, the ability to present and demonstrate our solutions to a broad spectrum of audiences from IT to business, and be able to build strong relationships and handle technical objections and issues throughout the sales cycle. Ultimately, the Solutions Consultants needs to be a trusted advisor both to internal partners as well as to our technical customers and C-Level Executives alike.<br><strong>Responsibilities:</strong></div>
<ul data-list-tree="true" data-indent="0" data-border="0">
<li>Develop deep expertise of New Relic products and services</li>
<li>Partner with sales for effective qualification (technical and business) for prospects (new logos) and expansion opportunities with existing customers</li>
<li>Lead value and solution discovery workshops to determine customers' challenges</li>
<li>Create compelling Technical Proofs through demonstrations, presentations, workshops and business value assets to align our solution and value with customer initiatives, needs and business challenges to get customer buy-in and support for the proposed strategic/technical solution.</li>
<li>Develop and present provocative points of view to showcase the current and future potential of customers standardizing on the New Relic platform</li>
<li>Develop and successfully execute proof-of- concept and pilot engagements to showcase New Relic value proposition aligned to customers business metrics/outcomes</li>
<li>Identify and resolve critical business/technical issues from customers, partners and colleagues</li>
<li>Directly contribute in achieving revenue goals set for the assigned respective territory.</li>
</ul>
<div><br><br>You will also:</div>
<ul data-list-tree="true" data-indent="0" data-border="0">
<li>Collaborate as part of a broader account team to strategize and address business and technical problems</li>
<li>Share and learn best practices and re-usable assets with other Solutions Consultants to enhance the quality and efficiency of the team</li>
<li>Provide feedback to product management about product enhancements that can address customer needs and guide additional value</li>
<li>Stay current on competitive analysis and market differentiation</li>
<li>Build strong working relationships with key customer stakeholders and executives and help create champions for New Relic within the customer base.</li>
<li>Support marketing initiatives such as speaking at industry events, executive briefings, user groups, conferences and signing up customer references as well as social media campaigns.</li>
</ul>
<div><strong>Skills:</strong></div>
<ul data-list-tree="true" data-indent="0" data-border="0">
<li>Pre-sales experience and/or in similar customer-facing technical roles (8+ years desirable)</li>
<li>Experience and understanding of monitoring and observability including experience with: AWS, GCP, Azure, DevOps, CI/CD, AIOps, logging, data analytics and visualization</li>
<li>Experience with open source technologies including Prometheus, Grafana, Opencensus, ELK is desirable</li>
<li>Development experience in one or more of the following languages – Java, .NET, Ruby, C/C++, Python, JavaScript, React</li>
<li>Clear understanding of cloud architecture, networking, Infrastructure as Code, serverless computing</li>
<li>Excellent written, verbal, presentation and interpersonal skills</li>
<li>Strong problem solving skills</li>
<li>Understanding of value based selling in customer facing roles</li>
<li>Strong balance of sales, business and technical skills</li>
<li>Experience working with enterprise customers, especially in the following industry verticals : Digital Natives, ECommerce/Retail, Healthcare, Media and Entertainment, Telco, Financial Services, Gaming, Hospitality and Travel</li>
<li>Passion and energy for technology and a desire to learn</li>
<li>Willingness to travel</li>
</ul>
<div>Please note that visa sponsorship is not available for this position</div>
<div><br>#LI-PS2</div>
<p>&nbsp;</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p>Fostering a diverse, welcoming and inclusive environment is important to us. We work hard to make everyone feel comfortable bringing their best, most authentic selves to work every day. We celebrate our talented Relics’ different backgrounds and abilities, and recognize the different paths they took to reach us – including nontraditional ones. Their experiences and perspectives inspire us to make our products and company the best they can be. We’re looking for people who feel connected to our mission and values, not just candidates who check off all the boxes.&nbsp;</p>
<p>If you require a reasonable accommodation to complete any part of the application or recruiting process, please reach out to <a href="mailto:resume@newrelic.com" target="\_blank">resume@newrelic.com</a>.</p>
<p>We believe in empowering all Relics to achieve professional and business success through a flexible workforce model. This model allows us to work in a variety of workplaces that best support our success, including fully office-based, fully remote, or hybrid.</p>
<p><strong>Our hiring process</strong><br><br>In compliance with applicable law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work and to complete employment eligibility verification. Note: Our stewardship of the data of thousands of customers means that a criminal background check is required to join New Relic.<br><br>We will consider qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records based on individual circumstances and in accordance with applicable law including, but not limited to, the&nbsp;<a href="https://sfgov.org/olse/sites/default/files/FCO%20poster2020.pdf" target="\_blank">San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance</a>.<br><br>Headhunters and recruitment agencies may not submit resumes/CVs through this website or directly to managers. New Relic does not accept unsolicited headhunter and agency resumes, and will not pay fees to any third-party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with New Relic.</p>
<p>New Relic develops and distributes encryption software and technology that complies with U.S. export controls and licensing requirements. Certain New Relic roles require candidates to pass an export compliance assessment as a condition of employment in any global location. If relevant, we will provide more information later in the application process.</p>
<p>Candidates are evaluated based on qualifications, regardless of race, religion, ethnicity, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender expression or identity, age, disability, neurodiversity, veteran or marital status, political viewpoint, or other legally protected characteristics.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Review our Applicant Privacy Notice at&nbsp;<a href="https://newrelic.com/termsandconditions/applicant-privacy-policy" target="\_blank">https://newrelic.com/termsandconditions/applicant-privacy-policy</a></p></div>