We’re a team of 500+ professionals who develop cutting-edge proxy and web data scraping solutions for thousands of the world’s best known businesses, including Fortune 500 companies.

**What’s in store for you:**

You’ll be solving complex challenges and maintaining our own infrastructure with 60PB+ monthly data traffic. Here are its scale and maturity in numbers:

- 6PB+ Ceph storage

- 60PB+ monthly data traffic through our systems

- 300k+ service requests/sec processed

- 500k+ Kafka messages/sec streamed

## Your day-to-day:

- Understand product and business requirements, and design solutions to meet them.
- Design and build scalable, high-performance systems.
- Work on our data platform to enable building and delivering large datasets to clients.
- Use internal scraping tools or build new ones when necessary.
- Write clean, reusable code.
- Own and justify technical decisions.
- Collaborate with the team to deliver quality solutions.
- Do code reviews.

## Your skills & experience:

- 2+ years of any backend development experience with Python or Go.
- Proficient understanding of code versioning tool Git.
- Experience with AI-drive IDEs like Cursor, Claude Code, Antigravity, etc.
- Experience with some of these technologies: Web Scraping, parsing, headless browser,PostgreSQL,Google Cloud Storage, BigQuery, Kubernetes.

## Salary:

- **Gross salary:** 2600 - 5400 EUR/month. Keep in mind that we are open to discuss a different salary based on your skills and competences.
- To support your professional growth and make you feel taken care of, we’ve put together an expansive benefit package. It covers learning, well-being, celebration, and much more — learn all about it [here.](https://career.oxylabs.io/blog/our-work-benefits/)

**Up for the challenge? Let’s talk!**