<div class="content-intro"><p><span style="font-weight: 400;">At Ripple, we’re building a world where value moves like information does today. It’s big, it’s bold, and we’re already doing it. Through our crypto solutions for financial institutions, businesses, governments and developers, we are improving the global financial system and creating greater economic fairness and opportunity for more people, in more places around the world. And we get to do the best work of our career and grow our skills surrounded by colleagues who have our backs.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">If you’re ready to see your impact and unlock incredible career growth opportunities, join us, and build real world value.</span></p></div><p>At Ripple, we’re building a world where value moves like information does today. It’s big, it’s bold, and we’re already doing it. Through our crypto solutions for financial institutions, businesses, governments and developers, we are improving the global financial system and creating greater economic fairness and opportunity for more people, in more places around the world. And we get to do the best work of our career and grow our skills surrounded by colleagues who have our backs.</p>
<p>If you’re ready to see your impact and unlock incredible career growth opportunities, join us, and build real world value.</p>
<h1><strong>What you’ll do</strong></h1>
<ul>
<li>Own, design and build Palisade’s digital asset custody platform</li>
<li>Design and build a highly available, scalable, and resilient distributed system</li>
<li>Deliver high-quality, reliable production code through testing, logging, and alerting</li>
<li>Support the broader team and company with ideas and contributions across the board</li>
<li>Participate in the entire software development lifecycle, from requirements gathering, and software design to implementing and monitoring components in production</li>
<li>Build company culture of an early-stage startup</li>
</ul>
<h1><strong>What we’re looking for</strong></h1>
<ul>
<li>Proven track record of building and delivering backend systems from development to production</li>
<li>Hands-on experience working on large-scale distributed systems</li>
<li>Familiarity with event-driven micro-services, Golang, Kubernetes, and cloud-based infrastructure</li>
<li>Familiarity with gRPC and protocol buffers</li>
<li>Ability to work in a fast-paced start-up environment and be a core contributor to the success of the company</li>
<li>A self-starter that thrives on autonomy and can see a task through from start to finish</li>
<li>A positive attitude with a passion for acquiring and sharing knowledge</li>
<li>Web3, blockchain, and fintech experience are a plus</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><hr>
<p><strong>WHO WE ARE:</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Do Your Best Work</span></p>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">The opportunity to build in a fast-paced start-up environment with experienced industry leaders</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">A learning environment where you can dive deep into the latest technologies and make an impact.&nbsp; A professional development budget to support other modes of learning.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Thrive in an environment where no matter what race, ethnicity, gender, origin, or culture they identify with, every employee is a respected, valued, and empowered part of the team.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">In-office collaboration for moments that matter is important to our culture, and we give managers and teams the flexibility to decide which 10+ days a month they come in.&nbsp;</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Bi-weekly all-company meeting - business updates and ask me anything style discussion with our Leadership Team</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">We come together for moments that matter which include team offsites, team bonding activities, happy hours and more!</span></li>
</ul>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Take Control of Your Finances</span></p>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Competitive salary, bonuses, and equity</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Competitive benefits that cover physical and mental healthcare, retirement, family forming, and family support</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Employee giving match</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Mobile phone stipend</span></li>
</ul>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Take Care of Yourself</span></p>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">R&amp;R days so you can rest and recharge</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Generous wellness reimbursement and weekly onsite &amp; virtual programming</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Generous vacation policy - work with your manager to take time off when you need it</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Industry-leading parental leave policies. Family planning benefits.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Catered lunches, fully-stocked kitchens with premium snacks/beverages, and plenty of fun events</span></li>
</ul>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;"><em data-stringify-type="italic">Benefits listed above are for full-time employees.&nbsp;</em></span></p>
<hr>
<div><em>Ripple is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We’re committed to building a diverse and inclusive team. We do not discriminate against qualified employees or applicants because of race, color, religion, gender identity, sex, sexual identity, pregnancy, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, marital status, physical disability, mental disability, medical condition, military status, or any other characteristic protected by local law or ordinance.</em></div>
<div>&nbsp;</div>
<div><em>Please find our <a href="https://ripple.com/legal/eu-privacy-notice/" target="\_blank">UK/EU Applicant Privacy Notice </a>and our <a href="https://ripple.com/legal/ca-applicant-privacy-notice/" target="\_blank">California Applicant Privacy Notice</a> for reference.</em></div>
<div><hr></div></div>