Contentsquare is the all-in-one experience intelligence platform designed to be easily used by anyone who cares about digital journeys. With our flexible and scalable platform, organizations quickly get a deep understanding of their customers’ whole online journey.

We are a global leader in the experience analytics space, with a growing presence across 15 offices worldwide. We’re here to stay—and we’re looking for team members who are excited to drive impact and help us scale even further.

Our aim is to create an inclusive workplace where everyone learns and succeeds. Contentsquare has built a community of individuals who are daring, understanding, and deliberate. We invite you to join us in making the complex simpler—for our customers, their customers, and each other.

*Important note: Be careful of scammers pretending to be from Contentsquare. We will never ask for money or contact you through random texts. Any communication from our in house Talent Acquisition team will only ever come from our [contentsquare.com](http://contentsquare.com) or @contentsquare-ext.com domain. For more information, visit our careers blog.*

**About the job**

As an Account Executive, based in Singapore, you'll join our established APJ sales team to continue accelerating growth in the SEA region. You'll drive new business sales and collaborate with our APAC teams including our Sales Development Representatives, Solutions Engineers, Customer Success Managers, Partners and Marketing.

## What you'll do:

- Lead the full sales cycle from prospecting to closing and drive new business sales.
- Establish and navigate relationships with senior executives and decision-makers
- Prospect into Ecommerce, Marketing, Product, Analytics and Tech teams.
- Cultivate new relationships for Contentsquare through your own outbound efforts and with the help of our SDR team
- Collaborate with our Singapore and APJ teams across Sales Development, Solutions Consulting, Marketing, Customer Success Managers, Leadership, etc. to build strategic adoption plans for customers

## What you'll need to succeed:

- Extensive experience as a sales hunter (new logo / new revenue acquisition) with relevant SaaS experience
- Possess aptitude to learn quickly and establish credibility.
- High EQ and self-aware
- Strong desire to be successful; driven, competitive, passionate.
- Ability to articulate the business value of complex technology
- The ability to develop senior level relationships quickly and effectively
- Experience presenting to senior managers and the C-suite at leading companies

## What makes you stand out:

- Sales methodology training; MEDDICC, SPIN, Challenger, Command of the Message
- Passionate about a career in martech & analytics

**Why you should join Contentsquare**

We invest in our people through career development, mentorship, social events, philanthropic activities, and competitive benefits. We are always assessing the perks we offer to ensure we’re aligned with the employees' needs.

Here are a few we want to highlight:

- Virtual onboarding, Hackathon, and various opportunities to interact with your team and global colleagues both on and offsite each year

- Work flexibility: hybrid and remote work policies

- Generous paid time-off policy (every location is different)

- Lifestyle allowance

- A Culture Crew in every country we’re based in to coordinate regular activities for employees to get to know each other and bond outside of work

- Every full-time employee receives stock options, allowing them to share in the company’s success

- We have multiple Employee Resource Groups, that offer a safe space for individuals who share common identities, life experiences, or allyship to connect, support one another, and passionately advocate for the issues close to their hearts

- And more benefits tailored to each country

*Contentsquare is an equal opportunity employer. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law.*

*Your personal data is used by Contentsquare for recruitment purposes only. Read our* [*Job Candidate Privacy Notice*](https://contentsquare.com/privacy-center/job-candidate-privacy-notice/) *to find out more about data protection at Contentsquare and your rights. You can exercise your rights by using our dedicated Data Subject Rights Portal* [*here*](https://contentsquare.com/privacy-center/data-subject-request-portal/)*.*

*Your personal data will be securely stored in our hosting provider’s data center in Oregon (US west). We have implemented appropriate transfer mechanisms under applicable data protection laws.*

*Contentsquare may use AI-assisted tools to help review and screen applications. All decisions involving hiring are made by human reviewers, and your personal data will be processed in accordance with our*[*Candidate Privacy Policy*](https://contentsquare.com/fr-fr/privacy-center/job-candidate-privacy-notice/)*.*