<p>At Asana, security is foundational to our mission of helping teams work together effortlessly. Our security team protects Asana’s employees, users, and customers by proactively addressing threats, ensuring compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, and fostering a culture of security throughout our product and operations. We are a team of security engineers and risk and compliance practitioners who build innovative safeguards and collaborate across the organization to build and maintain trust at scale.</p>
<p>As the Customer Trust Expert role you will be responsible for overseeing programs related to how Asana demonstrates trust to existing and prospective customers. You will work closely with our Go-to-Market (GTM) teams, ensuring security and compliance are enablers—not blockers—for landing and expanding within key customers, industries, and regions. You will oversee Asana’s trust programs, optimize how we provide security and compliance information, and ensure our security and compliance posture is clearly and effectively communicated.</p>
<p>This role is based in our Warsaw office with an office-centric hybrid schedule. The standard in-office days are Monday, Tuesday, and Thursday. Most Asanas have the option to work from home on Wednesdays. Working from home on Fridays depends on the type of work you do, and your recruiter can share more about the in-office requirements.</p>
<p><strong>Our employees in Poland are employed under a contract of employment.</strong></p>
<p><strong>What you’ll achieve</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><strong>Own and manage Asana's Customer Trust Program:</strong> Oversee and improve how Asana responds to security questionnaires, customer audits, and trust-related inquiries, partnering with internal subject matter experts to deliver high-quality responses and build scalable processes that evolve with business growth.</li>
<li><strong>Be the security partner for Sales &amp; GTM:</strong> Proactively address and prioritize customer security and compliance requirements, train go-to-market teams on standard engagement protocols, and leverage security resources to accelerate deals.</li>
<li><strong>Engage with Customers:</strong> Participate in customer calls and security discussions and clearly articulate Asana's security and compliance posture.</li>
<li><strong>Drive Cross-Functional Prioritization:</strong> Work with Security, Legal, Privacy, and Product to identify gaps and advocate for security and compliance improvements based on customer expectations.</li>
<li><strong>Review Security Clauses:</strong> Collaborate with Legal and Privacy teams to assess security-related provisions in customer contracts, ensuring alignment with Asana's policies and commitments.</li>
<li><strong>Enhance Customer-Facing Trust Assets:</strong> Ensure Asana's security and compliance posture is accurately represented in documentation, websites, and customer communications.</li>
<li><strong>Operate Globally:</strong> Work with a global team to ensure appropriate coverage and handoffs between various timezones</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>About you</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>6+ years of experience working with security compliance frameworks and audits (e.g., SOC 2, ISO 27001, FedRAMP, etc.).</li>
<li>Strong knowledge of security expectations for B2B SaaS organizations.</li>
<li>Strong fundamental understanding of core Security principles, IT and cloud methodologies, information security, privacy, and compliance standards</li>
<li>Proven ability to drive operational process improvements and develop metrics for tracking success.</li>
<li>Excellent verbal and written communication skills, with the ability to translate complex security and compliance concepts into customer-friendly language.</li>
<li>Experience working cross-functionally with technical and business teams to align on security and compliance goals.</li>
<li>Previous customer-facing experience is a plus.</li>
<li>Demonstrates curiosity about AI tools and emerging technologies, with a willingness to learn and leverage them to enhance productivity, collaboration, or decision-making.</li>
</ul>
<p>At Asana, we're committed to building teams that include a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, and skills, as this is critical to helping us achieve our mission. If you're interested in this role and don't meet every listed requirement, we still encourage you to apply.</p>
<p><strong>What we’ll offer</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Generous, transparent and fair compensation system</li>
<li>Contract of Employment (<strong>and the option of </strong>&nbsp;<strong>50% tax deductible costs for author’s rights usage in respect of&nbsp; applicable roles )&nbsp;</strong></li>
<li>Health insurance with dental and travel coverage (Lux Med)&nbsp;</li>
<li>Meals reimbursement on the days that you work from the office</li>
<li>Career growth budget&nbsp;</li>
<li>Home office setup budget&nbsp;</li>
<li>Gym/Fitness reimbursement</li>
<li>Fertility healthcare and family-forming support with <a href="https://www.get-carrot.com/">Carrot</a></li>
<li>Mental Health Support in Modern Health</li>
<li>Group life insurance</li>
<li>MacBooks with all necessary accessories</li>
</ul>
<p>For this role, the estimated base salary range is between 22,000 - 25,000 PLN gross per month (subject to all taxes and necessary deductions). The actual base salary will vary based on various factors, including market and individual qualifications objectively assessed during the interview process. The listed range above is a guideline, and the base salary range for this role may be modified.</p>
<p>In addition to base salary, your compensation package may include additional components such as equity and sales incentive pay (for most sales roles), and benefits. If you're interviewing for this role, speak with your Talent Acquisition Partner to learn more about the total compensation and benefits for this role.</p>
<p>#LI-Hybrid</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>About us</strong></p>
<p data-pm-slice="1 1 []">Asana is a leading platform for human + AI collaboration. Millions of teams around the world rely on Asana to achieve their most important goals, faster. Asana has been named to Fortune's Best Workplaces for 7+ years and recognized by Fast Company, Forbes, and Gartner for excellence in workplace culture and innovation. We offer an exceptional office-centric culture while adopting the best elements of hybrid models to ensure that every one of our global team members can work together effortlessly. With 13+ offices all over the world, we are always looking for individuals who care about building technology that drives positive change in the world and a culture where everyone feels that they belong.</p>
<p data-pm-slice="1 1 []"><strong><a class="LinkThemeablePresentation LinkPrimaryPresentation LinkPrimaryPresentation--sentimentSelected PrimaryLink HighlightSol HighlightSol--core HighlightSol--buildingBlock" href="https://www.gem.com/form?formID=fbcdec8c-3442-43b9-9b45-d2b5f4ea25db" target="\_blank">Join Asana’s Talent Network</a></strong>&nbsp;to stay up to date on job opportunities and life at Asana.</p></div>