<div class="content-intro"><p>At Trustpilot, we're on an incredible journey. We're a profitable, high-growth FTSE-250 company with a big vision: to become the universal symbol of trust. We run the world's largest independent consumer review platform, and while we've come a long way, there's still so much exciting work to do. Come join us at the heart of trust!</p></div><p>Reporting to the Head of Group Reporting, in this role you&nbsp; will have responsibility for the Group’s ESG reporting, and will be heavily involved in preparing the Group’s financial reporting and analysis. It will incorporate a broad range of responsibilities through collaboration with various business functions, and requires someone with good organisation skills with a degree of flexibility to support in different areas depending on the business need. If you're inspired to join us, and if you have the necessary qualities, then this could be the opportunity you've been looking for.</p>
<p>This role offers a diverse and intellectually stimulating environment, presenting an outstanding opportunity to join an expanding and innovative international Finance team.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>What you’ll be doing</strong></p>
<p>Financial Reporting:</p>
<ul>
<li>Preparation of group primary statements alongside reporting packs and related notes</li>
<li>Advise on technical accounting matters, staying on top of relevant IAS requirements and disclosures</li>
<li>Liaising with the Group external auditors on necessary review/audit of the Group Financial Statements</li>
<li>Working alongside FP&amp;A team to provide financial analysis to leadership</li>
</ul>
<p>ESG reporting:</p>
<ul>
<li>Responsible for the delivery of Trustpilot’s TCFD report</li>
<li>Responsible for the collection and improvement of ESG related data collection across the business</li>
<li>Preparing and leading the technical analysis of the Group's external sustainability reporting requirements working closely with relevant internal and external stakeholders, and keeping abreast of developments in the ESG disclosure space</li>
<li>Spearheading the delivery of future ESG disclosure requirements, with a particular focus on UK SRS</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Who you are</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Qualified Chartered Accountant with&nbsp;post-qualification experience.</li>
<li>Relevant qualification (ACA, CA, ACCA) with experience in financial reporting, either from an audit perspective within a large tier-1 audit firm or within a listed organization at group level</li>
<li>Familiarity with TCFD and UK SRS reporting frameworks, with demonstrated experience in implementing new accounting standards.</li>
<li>Interest in advancing sustainability reporting practices.</li>
<li>Excels in a team-oriented environment, fostering collaboration and proactively contributing innovative solutions.</li>
<li>Experience working in international groups</li>
<li>Good communication skills, written and verbal</li>
<li>Experience in financial analysis</li>
<li>Advanced Microsoft Excel skills, willingness to learn and configure new systems</li>
<li>Motivated, self-starter</li>
<li>Structured with good attention to detail</li>
<li>Desire to take early responsibility and work with a wide cross-section of finance &amp; non-finance stakeholders globally.</li>
<li>Experienced in building positive relationships and having interpersonal skills</li>
<li>Proven capacity to prioritize tasks and maintain multiple responsibilities</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>What's in it for you</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>A range of flexible working options to dedicate time to what matters to you</li>
<li>Competitive compensation package + bonus</li>
<li>25 days holiday per year, increasing to 28 days after 2 years of employment&nbsp;</li>
<li>Two (paid) volunteering days a year to spend your time giving back to the causes that matter to you and your community</li>
<li>Rich learning and development opportunities supported through the Trustpilot Academy, LinkedIn Learning and Blinkist</li>
<li>Pension and life insurance</li>
<li>Health cash plan, online GP, 24/7, Employee Assistance Plan</li>
<li>Full access to Headspace, a popular mindfulness app to promote positive mental health</li>
<li>Paid parental leave</li>
<li>Season ticket loan and a cycle to work scheme</li>
<li>Central office location complete with table tennis, a gaming corner, coffee bars and all the snacks and refreshments you can ask for</li>
<li>Regular opportunities to connect and get to know your fellow Trusties, including company-wide celebrations and events, ERG activities and team socials.</li>
<li>Access to over 4,000 deals and discounts on things like travel, electronics, fashion, fitness, cinema discounts and more.</li>
<li>Independent financial advice and free standard professional mortgage broker advice</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Still not sure?</strong></p>
<p>We want to be a part of creating a more diverse, equitable, and inclusive world of work for all. We’re excited to hear about your experiences as well as how you will contribute to our working culture. So, even if you don’t feel you don't meet all the requirements, we'd still really like to hear from you!<br><br></p>
<p>#LI-SH1</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>About us</strong></p>
<p>Trustpilot began in 2007 with a simple yet powerful idea that is more relevant today than ever — to be the universal symbol of trust, bringing consumers and businesses together through reviews. Trustpilot is open, independent, and impartial — we help consumers make the right choices and businesses to build trust, grow and improve.</p>
<p>Today, we have more than 300 million reviews and 64 million monthly active users on average across the globe, with 140 billion annual Trustbox impressions, and the numbers keep growing. We have more than 1,000 employees and we’re headquartered in Copenhagen, with operations in Amsterdam, Denver, Edinburgh, Hamburg, London, Melbourne, Milan and New York.&nbsp;</p>
<p>We’re driven by connection. It’s at the heart of what we do. Our culture keeps things fresh –– it’s built on the relationships we create. We talk, we laugh, we collaborate and we respect each other. We work across borders and cultures to be the universal symbol of trust in an ever-changing world. With vibrant office locations worldwide and over 50 nationalities, we’re proud to be an equal opportunity workplace with diverse perspectives and ideas.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Our purpose to help people and businesses help each other is a tall order, but we keep it real. We’re a great bunch of humans, doing awesome stuff, without fuss or pretense. A successful Trustpilot future is driven by you –– we give you the autonomy to shape a career you can be proud of. If you’re ready to grow, let’s go.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Join us at the heart of trust.</strong></p>
<p><em>Trustpilot is committed to creating an inclusive environment where people from all backgrounds can thrive and where different viewpoints and experiences are valued and respected. Trustpilot will consider all applications for employment without regard to race, ethnicity, national origin, religious beliefs, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, neurodiversity, disability, age, parental or veteran status. Together, we are the heart of trust.</em></p>
<p><em>Trustpilot is a global company and our data practices are designed to ensure that your personally identifiable information is appropriately protected. Please note that your personal information will be transferred, accessed, and stored globally as necessary for the uses and disclosures stated in our <a href="https://corporate.trustpilot.com/legal/for-everyone/data-privacy-notice-for-candidates/dec-2024">Privacy Policy.</a><br><br><em data-stringify-type="italic">If you have a disability and would like to discuss any adjustments you might need either in submitting your application, or to the recruitment process more generally, please let us know by contacting our Talent Acquisition Team (talent.acquisition@trustpilot.com)</em><em data-stringify-type="italic">&nbsp;quoting the role you wish to apply for.<br></em></em></p></div>