<h2><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;"><strong>The Role</strong></span></h2>
<p><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">At HelloConnect, you will be part of a dynamic team that embraces innovation and leverages advanced technology to create exceptional experiences. Our culture is built on collaboration, continuous learning, and a commitment to excellence. You’ll have the opportunity to work on impactful projects, develop your skills, and grow within a supportive environment that values diverse perspectives and experiences.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">As a Senior Purchasing Coordinator, you will take on a key responsibility in supporting our Supply Chain Operations which spans various HelloFresh markets across Europe, the UK, Australia and New Zealand. You will ensure the accuracy and timeliness of our ordering processes using a combination of in-house tools and google suite packages. Working closely with the Supply Chain, Procurement and Forecasting teams, you will place and track purchase orders to ensure the fulfilment of customer orders. As a senior position, this role will role model our HelloFresh values and continuously look for ways to improve our supply chain, contributing to our ongoing efforts to drive business success and enhance customer satisfaction.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">We’re looking for passionate individuals who can bring their unique skills and ideas to the table. Even if you don't meet every requirement but believe you’d excel in this role, we’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
<h3><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;"><strong>What you’ll do</strong></span></h3>
<ul>
<li style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">Category management of our inbound supply chain operations involving operational supplier management, forecasting, purchasing, delivery tracking and KPI management for food and/or packaging</li>
<li style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">Accountability for key performance metrics including On Time, In Full (OTIF), Waste, ASN Compliance and customer errors</li>
<li style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">Partner closely with the Suppliers and internal teams such as Forecasting, Procurement, Warehouse and Inventory to ensure category excellence and fulfillment of customer requirements</li>
<li style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">Define and execute necessary audit checks to ensure orders are complete and accurate before sending to suppliers</li>
<li style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">Anticipate and resolve supply chain risks, raise additional purchase orders as required</li>
<li style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">Manage supplier queries and performance through clear communication, monitoring and reporting</li>
<li style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">Assist and advise more junior Purchasing Coordinators on best practice and problem solving</li>
<li style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">Drive improvements in technology and automation, spotting opportunities for efficiency and offering solutions</li>
<li style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">Maintain the confidentiality of our data and uphold the integrity of our business. Identify and correct data inaccuracies</li>
<li style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">Support on additional day to day tasks as needed, deputise other category areas or cover absences when required</li>
<li style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">Remain flexible to changing duties and responsibilities as business needs vary</li>
</ul>
<h3><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;"><strong>What you’ll bring</strong></span></h3>
<ul>
<li style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">At least 24 months as a Purchasing Coordinator or other relevant experience &nbsp;</li>
<li style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">Requires expertise in operating Microsoft Office programs, and ideally ERP/MRP systems</li>
<li style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">Language: English, other European languages considered a plus (German, Dutch, French, Spanish, Italian)</li>
</ul>
<h2><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;"><strong>What we offer</strong></span></h2>
<ul>
<li style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;"><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;"><strong>Competitive Compensation</strong>: Beyond the standard package, we offer perks like Long Service Benefits (anniversary bonus) to recognize and celebrate your dedication</span></li>
<li style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;"><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;"><strong>Wellness &amp; Perks</strong>: We prioritize your well-being by offering mental health support, HMO medical coverage, generous leave benefits plus life insurance for both you and your family's peace of mind</span></li>
<li style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;"><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;"><strong>Growth Opportunities</strong>: Invest in your personal development with an annual learning &amp; development budget, plus access to the 360 Learning platform</span></li>
<li style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;"><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;"><strong>Dynamic Environment</strong>: Join a rapidly growing global Business Process Outsourcing company, where you'll collaborate with a diverse community spanning across multiple continents and cultures</span></li>
<li style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;"><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;"><strong>Work-Life Balance</strong>: Enjoy a healthy balance between your professional and personal life, with a supportive environment that prioritizes your well-being and personal time</span></li>
</ul>
<h2><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;"><strong>Are you up for the challenge?</strong></span></h2>
<p><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">The first step to your new role starts here. Send in your application, along with your salary expectations and preferred start date. Our dedicated team will thoroughly review your details. We are excited to connect with you soon!&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">#helloconnect<br>#LI-Remote</span></p>
<p><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">#hcgreenhouse</span></p>