<p><strong>This is Adyen</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Adyen provides payments, data, and financial products in a single solution for customers like Meta, Uber, H&amp;M, and Microsoft - making us the financial technology platform of choice. At Adyen, everything we do is engineered for ambition.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">For our teams, we create an environment with opportunities for our people to succeed, backed by the culture and support to ensure they are enabled to truly own their careers. We are motivated individuals who tackle unique technical challenges at scale and solve them as a team. Together, we deliver innovative and ethical solutions that help businesses achieve their ambitions faster.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;"><strong>Senior Recruitment Business Partner&nbsp;</strong></span></p>
<p>We are seeking an Senior Business Recruiter to join our Global Talent Acquisition team and drive the regional growth of our APAC (Commercial, Operations &amp; Staff) teams. At Adyen, we empower you to implement your ideas, take ownership of your career, and continuously learn. You'll experience a fast-paced, open-minded work environment that fosters innovation and collaboration. As a Senior Recruitment Business Partner, you will partner closely with our hiring teams to identify, attract, and hire top talent, playing a pivotal role in shaping the future of our growing organization.</p>
<p><strong>What you’ll do:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>As a senior member of the team, you will own the end-to-end recruitment strategy for APAC. Beyond this primary focus, you will leverage your regional expertise to oversee delivery and talent acquisition efforts across our broader APAC markets.</li>
<li>You will make an impact sourcing &amp; long-term pipeline for the best candidates in the market and help fill roles to build the APAC team.</li>
<li>Act as a primary talent advisor to leadership and HRBPs, directing recruitment strategies that elevate the quality of talent across APAC.</li>
<li>Beyond filling roles, you ensure the quality of hire by translating recruitment data and market intelligence into actionable coaching for hiring managers, fostering a culture of data-informed decision-making.</li>
<li>You will be responsible for the candidates’ experience from their first contact with Adyen to the offer management.</li>
<li>As a global team member with the recruitment team, you multiply best practices and market intelligence to up-skill the broader team beyond APAC&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Who you are:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>You have a minimum of 7 years experience in in- house recruitment (full-cycle).</li>
<li>You have a proven track record of scaling teams across different APAC markets and a deep understanding of the various APAC talent landscapes.</li>
<li>You have proven experience in Tech companies and hiring for Go-To-Market teams.</li>
<li>You have experience in driving APAC hiring strategies by translating business objectives into localized recruitment strategies, ensuring we attract talent in such niche talent pools</li>
<li>You have experience with strategically collaborating with HRBPs and Rewards and ensuring our APAC talent strategy is aligned with long-term business goals.</li>
<li>You have a wealth of experience in collecting Recruiting data and leading data informed conversations to support and influence hiring decisions.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Our Diversity, Equity and Inclusion commitments&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Our unique approach is a product of our diverse perspectives. This diversity of backgrounds and cultures is essential in helping us maintain our momentum. Our business and technical challenges are unique, and we need as many different voices as possible to join us in solving them - voices like yours. No matter who you are or where you’re from, we welcome you to be your true self at Adyen.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Studies show that women and members of underrepresented communities apply for jobs only if they meet 100% of the qualifications. Does this sound like you? If so, Adyen encourages you to reconsider and apply. We look forward to your application!</span></p>
<p><strong>What’s next?</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Ensuring a smooth and enjoyable candidate experience is critical for us. We aim to get back to you regarding your application within 5 business days. Our interview process tends to take about 4 weeks to complete, but may fluctuate depending on the role. </span><a href="https://careers.adyen.com/how-we-hire"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Learn more about our hiring process here</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">. Don’t be afraid to let us know if you need more flexibility.</span></p>
<p>This role is based out of our Singapore office. We are an office-first company and value in-person collaboration; we do not offer remote-only roles.</p>