<div class="content-intro"><p><strong>Secure Every Identity, from AI to Human<br><br></strong>Identity is the key to unlocking the potential of AI. Okta secures AI by building the trusted, neutral infrastructure that enables organizations to safely embrace this new era. This work requires a relentless drive to solve complex challenges with real-world stakes. We are looking for builders and owners who operate with speed and urgency and execute with excellence.<br><br>This is an opportunity to do career-defining work. We're all in on this mission. If you are too, let's talk.</p></div><p>In this role, you will be the senior individual contributor for Okta’s Commercial Legal team in the Asia Pacific and Japan region. You will have primary responsibility for advising and supporting the sales and professional services organizations in two key areas:</p>
<ol>
<li>Okta’s largest enterprise customers across the region; and&nbsp;</li>
<li>Okta’s emerging presence in ASEAN countries and India.</li>
</ol>
<p>You will also use your expertise to support more junior Commercial Legal colleagues who cover specific regions within APJ. You will apply your experience when providing strong legal guidance, structuring complex deals, and drafting and negotiating SaaS Subscription Agreements and related commercial documents with some of the biggest names across every industry who trust Okta to help their organizations work faster, boost revenue, and stay secure.</p>
<p><br><strong>What you’ll be doing:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>
<p>Primary responsibility to advise, draft, and negotiate outbound SaaS master subscription agreements, and other types of ancillary commercial documents related to the sales cycle, such as amendments, NDAs and SOWs, for large, strategic accounts, including customers in highly-regulated industries (e.g., global banking, finance, and healthcare) and also for accounts in Okta’s emerging business in ASEAN and India.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Act as point-of-contact and escalation for the SVP and General Manager of the APJ region;</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Provide expert guidance and support to the other members of the APJ Commercial Legal Team;</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Co-ordinate and align the practices of the APJ Commercial Legal Team within region and also with other regions globally;</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Provide day-to-day legal support and respond promptly and effectively to legal requests from sales and other internal clients.&nbsp;</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Partner with revenue recognition, deal desk, sales operations, privacy and security, and other internal stakeholder teams to ensure negotiated agreements are consistent with internal Okta policies and processes.&nbsp;</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Build critical relationships with sales and legal colleagues and key stakeholders to effectively provide practical legal and strategic advice to assist the business in meeting its objectives.&nbsp;</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Advise on recommended courses of action and legal risks.&nbsp;</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Ability to judge when to escalate identified issues as may be necessary.&nbsp;</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Support continuous improvement of standard form legal templates, playbooks, policies and legal processes related to commercial transactions.&nbsp;</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Support go-to-market tasks and willingness to drive and contribute to other interesting legal projects, as may be required.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>What you’ll bring to the role:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>
<p>7+ years of relevant transactional legal experience negotiating and drafting enterprise-level technology agreements, including SaaS subscription agreements, cloud services agreements, technology licenses, and professional services agreements, statements of work, ordering documents, NDAs, amendments and related commercial documents.&nbsp;</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>4+ years of in-house experience with a large technology vendor providing transactional legal support.&nbsp;</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Significant experience providing commercial legal support to sales teams calling on large, strategic enterprise accounts in APJ, including those in highly-regulated industries (e.g., finance, banking, healthcare, etc).&nbsp;</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Proven track record of managing multiple complex deals with the ability to organize, prioritize deadlines and perform effectively in a fast-paced, fiscal quarter focused work environment.&nbsp;</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Articulate communicator with confidence advising senior sales leadership and internal stakeholders on complex commercial issues.&nbsp;</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Strong experience and demonstrated knowledge of the SaaS business model, revenue recognition principles, enterprise cloud computing, complex deal structures and related data privacy and security frameworks with a focus on regulated industries.&nbsp;</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Deal urgency and interest in supporting revenue transactions.&nbsp;</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Sound legal and business judgment, excellent drafting ability, and the ability to think strategically and give practical advice while appropriately weighing legal and business objectives.&nbsp;</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Flexible and adaptable, with an eagerness to learn and grow in a highly dynamic environment.&nbsp;</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Ability to work both independently and collaboratively across diverse teams.&nbsp;</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Personable, self-motivated team player, willing to roll up their sleeves to get work done and have fun while doing it.&nbsp;</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Strong academic background and current ability to practice in an APJ jurisdiction.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>#LI-Hybrid</p>
<p>#LI-MT1</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong><br>The Okta Experience</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><a href="http://rewards.okta.com">Supporting Your Well-Being</a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="https://www.okta.com/company/okta-for-good/">Driving Social Impact&nbsp;</a></li>
<li><a href="https://www.okta.com/company/talent-connection-community/">Developing Talent and Fostering Connection + Community</a></li>
</ul>
<p>We are intentional about connection. Our global community, spanning over 20 offices worldwide, is united by a drive to innovate. Your journey begins with an immersive, in-person onboarding experience designed to accelerate your impact and connect you to our mission and team from day one.<br><br>Okta is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, marital status, age, physical or mental disability, or status as a protected veteran. We also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and convictions records, consistent with applicable laws.<br><br>If reasonable accommodation is needed to complete any part of the job application, interview process, or onboarding please&nbsp;<a href="https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1EfiEYZrIyhA2X4Fijk0R3RKYOzNoS3wtvyM4nhbZnXE/edit">use this Form</a> to request an accommodation.<br><br>Notice for New York City Applicants &amp; Employees: Okta may use Automated Employment Decision Tools (AEDT), as defined by New York City Local Law 144, that use artificial intelligence, machine learning, or other automated processes to assist in our recruitment and hiring process. In accordance with NYC Local Law 144, if you are an applicant or employee residing in New York City, please&nbsp;<a href="https://talent.okta.com/new-york-city-aedt-notice.html">click here</a> to view our full NYC AEDT Notice.<br><br>Okta is committed to complying with applicable data privacy and security laws and regulations. For more information, please see our Personnel and Job Candidate Privacy Notice at&nbsp;<a href="https://www.okta.com/legal/personnel-policy/">https://www.okta.com/legal/personnel-policy/</a>.</p></div>