<div class="content-intro"><p><strong>About Pinterest:</strong></p>
<p>Millions of people around the world come to our platform to find creative ideas, dream about new possibilities and plan for memories that will last a lifetime. At Pinterest, we’re on a mission to bring everyone the inspiration to create a life they love, and that starts with the people behind the product.</p>
<p>Discover a career where you ignite innovation for millions, transform passion into growth opportunities, celebrate each other’s unique experiences and embrace the&nbsp;<a href="https://www.pinterestcareers.com/our-life/pinflex/">flexibility</a> to do your best work. Creating a career you love? It’s Possible.</p>
<p>At Pinterest, AI isn't just a feature, it's a powerful partner that augments our creativity and amplifies our impact, and we’re looking for candidates who are excited to be a part of that. To get a complete picture of your experience and abilities, we’ll explore your foundational skills and how you collaborate with AI.</p>
<p>Through our interview process, what matters most is that you can always explain your approach, showing us not just what you know, but how you think. You can read more about our AI interview philosophy and how we use AI in our recruiting process <a href="https://www.pinterestcareers.com/our-philosophy-on-ai-in-hiring/">here</a>.</p></div><p><strong>What You'll do:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Build, manage, and grow strategic partnerships with large customers &amp; agencies in the Retail team.</li>
<li>Lead across many internal functions to create partner strategies that drive meaningful business results.</li>
<li>Leverage data, insights, and measurement to build innovative marketing communication plans that reach partner audience targets and achieve partner ROI goals &amp; objectives.</li>
<li>Be an internal advocate for partners by working with product and engineering teams to respond to partner needs and feedback.</li>
<li>Be a team player who uplevels the broader organization through collaboration, unique perspectives, and critical thinking.&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p><strong>What we’re looking for:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Experience in sales/marketing/advertising/digital, with specific acumen across search, data, measurement and attribution.</li>
<li>Proven track record of exceeding revenue goals.</li>
<li>Ability to translate partner value across various levels, such as executive, operational, creative, media, and analytics teams.</li>
<li>Strong team player and ability to succeed in a fast-paced, rapidly changing environment while maintaining high levels of operational rigor, digital acumen, and business excellence.</li>
<li>Strong analytical background.</li>
<li>Collaboration across multiple internal and external organizations.</li>
<li>Strong written communication skills.</li>
<li>Team player.</li>
<li>Someone who is humble, eager, and willing to learn.</li>
<li>Bachelor’s degree in a relevant field such as math, economics, marketing, business, engineering, or equivalent experience.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Relocation Statement:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>This position is not eligible for relocation assistance. Visit our<a href="https://www.pinterestcareers.com/pinflex/">&nbsp;PinFlex</a>&nbsp;page to learn more about our working model.<br><br></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>In-Office Requirement Statement</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>We let the type of work you do guide the collaboration style. That means we're not always working in an office, but we continue to gather for key moments of collaboration and connection.</li>
<li>This role will need to be in the office for in-person collaboration 1-2 times per week and therefore needs to be in a commutable distance from our Sydney office.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>#LI-JC11<br>#LI-HYBRID</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>Our Commitment to Inclusion:</strong></p>
<div>Pinterest is an equal opportunity employer and makes employment decisions on the basis of merit. We want to have the best qualified people in every job. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion or religious creed, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, age, marital status, status as a protected veteran, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information or characteristics (or those of a family member) or any other consideration made unlawful by applicable federal, state or local laws. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you require a medical or religious accommodation during the job application process, please complete&nbsp;<a href="https://forms.gle/sS24D4WboEKUZMQK6">this form</a>&nbsp;for support.
<div>&nbsp;</div>
</div></div>