<h2><strong>About Parloa</strong></h2>
<p>Parloa’s mission is to make every customer conversation feel effortless for both customers and the companies serving them. As agentic AI accelerates, Parloans are shaping the foundation of a new era in customer experience - one where customer support is no longer transactions, but meaningful exchanges. It is not just a vision; Parloa has powered over ONE BILLION interactions between global enterprise brands and their customers, with companies like Booking.com, HealthEquity, Allianz, SAP, BarmeniaGothaer, and TUI already deploying Parloa at scale.</p>
<h2><strong>About the role:</strong></h2>
<p>As a <strong>Senior</strong> <strong>Product Marketing Manager, </strong>you will fuel the adoption of Parloa’s AI agents by CX teams and contact centers around the globe. You will play a crucial part in developing go-to-market (GTM) strategies, launching marketing initiatives, empowering sales efforts, creating content, digging into market data, and establishing a thorough understanding of customers and competition. You will be expected to communicate with confidence and authority, enjoy strategic and tactical work, operate autonomously, and collaborate seamlessly across departments and time zones.&nbsp;</p>
<p>This role will have a strong focus in a few areas: first, on amplifying the market impact of our AI Agent Management Platform (Parloa AMP). And, on helping Parloa differentiate itself in the noisy and crowded AI agent market, and driving global awareness of the impact our customers are driving with the platform.&nbsp; And also, working closely with Sales to execute more effectively, leveraging the two elements above: new state-of-the-art products and better-differentiated positioning and messaging.&nbsp;</p>
<h2><strong>Areas of ownership:</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Spearhead GTM efforts for our platform: define the positioning and messaging for our products, orchestrate product communication plans, develop marketing materials, and drive high-impact, cross-functional product launches across Product, Marketing, Sales, CX, etc.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Work with the Product and Engineering teams to make the roadmap sing, ensure its alignment with the company narrative and GTM plan, and keep all interested audiences, from prospects to partners to customers, in the loop.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Empower the sales teams by refining how they position our platform, researching customer use cases and proof points, creating collateral, running training sessions with our Enablement team, and polishing competitive differentiators in collaboration with our Competitive Intelligence team, whatever it takes to keep revenue growing 3x.</li>
<li>Amplify our market awareness by helping source thought leadership content ideas, collaborate on outlines, create and/or review content, and speak on webinars - all in partnership with our Content team, Evangelists, CX team, executives, etc.</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Who you are:</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>6+ years of experience as a Product Marketing Manager, or 8+ years of experience working alongside a PMM team in related roles: sales enablement, B2B direct marketing, etc. You already have a Product Marketing playbook.</li>
<li>A proven track record of supporting enterprise sales teams with storylines, collateral, enablement, and individual deal support. When a rep needs the big guns, they call you.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Whether it’s on webinars, at company events, or training the whole Sales team on new products and initiatives, you can capture an audience’s attention.</li>
<li>Ambidexterity for both strategy and tactics. You’ve crafted a company narrative… and also created the sales deck from top to bottom. In a pinch, you can take product screenshots and Photoshop them to look just right… for the roadmap vision deck. Yes, Design and Product can come in and make it look amazing when we’ve got the time, but sometimes your work needs to stand on its own when we have to move fast.</li>
<li>A near-native level of English, since we sell a lot of software in North America.</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>NICE TO HAVE:</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Experience using, building, marketing, or selling customer experience tools (e.g. software for customer service, contact centers, digital experiences/content management, mobile apps, email/web marketing, etc). You can help our prospects and customers understand how to use Parloa to boost NPS, increase conversion rates, drive revenue, and reduce customer churn — and bonus points if you’ve ever put AHT or FCR in a presentation.</li>
<li>Experience working for a fast-growing, venture-funded B2B software company. This isn’t the first time you’ve built a SaaS plane while it’s flying.</li>
<li>Business fluent in German to support our DACH teams.</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Our Recruiting Process:</strong></h2>
<p>Talent Acquisition → Hiring Manager → Technical Interview(s) → Bar Raiser</p>
<h2>Competencies</h2>
<ul>
<li><strong>Storytelling &amp; Communication:</strong> Demonstrates excellent verbal and written communication skills, with the ability to craft compelling narratives across different formats (on stage, in calls, in blog posts, etc.).</li>
<li><strong>Collaboration &amp; Cross-functional Partnership:</strong> Proven ability to work effectively across multiple departments to achieve common goals, fostering strong interdepartmental relationships.</li>
<li><strong>Creativity &amp; Production: </strong>Strong creative skills, from the generation of new positioning and messaging, to nice looking slide decks when you don’t have time to collaborate with Design.</li>
<li><strong>Decisiveness &amp; Independent Judgment:</strong> Able to make independent decisions in a globally distributed team setting, particularly in time-sensitive situations.</li>
<li><strong>Self-organization &amp; Prioritization:</strong> Highly skilled at prioritizing tasks, managing backlogs, and meeting deadlines in a fast-paced environment.</li>
<li><strong>Entrepreneurial Mindset:</strong> Thrives in undefined environments, taking the initiative to build and launch new processes, products, or strategies from scratch.</li>
<li><strong>Technological Aptitude &amp; AI Knowledge:</strong> Strong interest in and aptitude for learning new technologies, particularly in AI, with the ability to quickly understand and apply new trends.</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><p><iframe style="display: table; margin-left: auto; margin-right: auto;" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/P4d-iyx7RQM" width="560" height="314"></iframe></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<hr>
<p>Parloa is committed to upholding the highest data protection standards for our clients' and employees' data. All our employees are instrumental in ensuring the utmost care, GDPR, and ISO compliance, including ISO 27001, in handling sensitive information.</p>
<p>Parloa is an e-verify employer in the USA. <a class="c-link" href="https://www.e-verify.gov/about-e-verify/what-is-e-verify" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://www.e-verify.gov/about-e-verify/what-is-e-verify" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">Please click here to learn more</a>.</p>
<p><strong>\* </strong><strong>We provide equal opportunities to all qualified applicants regardless race, gender, sexual orientation, age, religion, national origin, disability status, socioeconomic background and other characteristics.</strong></p></div>