<div class="content-intro"><h3>ABOUT TIDE</h3>
<p>At Tide we help SMEs save time (and money) in the running of their businesses by not only offering business accounts and related banking services, but also a comprehensive set of highly usable and connected administrative solutions from invoicing to accounting.</p>
<p>Tide is transforming the small business banking market with over 1.8 million members globally across the UK, India, Germany and France.</p>
<p>Using advanced technology, all solutions are designed with SMEs in mind. With quick onboarding, low fees and innovative features, we thrive on making data-driven decisions to serve our mission: to help SMEs save both time (and money) so they can get back to doing what they love.</p>
<p><strong>Tide facts:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Tide is available for UK, Indian, German and French SMEs</li>
<li>Over 1.8 million members: 800,000 UK and 1,000,000 in India and growing rapidly</li>
<li>Over $300 million raised in funding</li>
<li>Over 2,500 Tideans globally - we’re diversity champions!</li>
<li>We have offices in Central London, with a member support and technology centre in Sofia, Bulgaria, technology centres in Serbia, Romania, Lithuania and Hyderabad and offices in Gurugram and New Delhi, and in Berlin, Paris and Luxembourg.</li>
</ul></div><h3 id="about-the-team"><strong>ABOUT THE TEAM:</strong></h3>
<p>We’re looking for an experienced Backend Engineer with excellent programming skills and a passion for developing applications or improving existing ones, we would like to meet you.&nbsp;</p>
<p>As an Engineer at Tide, you’ll report directly to the Staff Engineer and work in a team of highly skilled Engineers.&nbsp;You’ll work closely with our tech team to ensure system consistency and improve user experience. Ultimately, you should be able to develop and maintain functional and stable web applications to meet both the company’s and our customer’s needs.</p>
<p>We work in an agile fashion, small cross functional squads,&nbsp; grouped under common domains owning the full lifecycle of some microservices in Tide’s service catalogue.</p>
<p>You’ll bring new ideas, and become an integral part of the process of continuously improving our product.&nbsp; Outside of working in your squad you will discuss technical challenges, in our different&nbsp;<strong>Communities of Practice</strong>.</p>
<h3 id="about-the-role"><strong>ABOUT THE ROLE:</strong></h3>
<p><strong>As a Senior Python Engineer you’ll be:</strong><strong>&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Defining, owning and maintaining the services your team owns from our service catalogue that fall in one of our domains (you design it, you build it, you run it, you scale it globally)</li>
<li>Working with the product team to select technology partners</li>
<li>Work with backend engineers across multiple agile teams carefully dividing your time between design/refinement, implementation and mentoring other team members</li>
<li>Regularly aligning your team’s vision and roadmap with the target architecture within your domain and to ensure the success of complex multi domain initiatives&nbsp;</li>
<li>Working closely with product owners, mobile &amp; web engineers, data scientist and other business members to translate requirements into well-engineered solutions</li>
<li>Making key contributions to our Community of Practice. You will apply your extensive experience on our problem domain and existing guidelines to become a true beacon of best practices among your fellow engineers&nbsp;</li>
<li>Career progression is as important to us as it is for you, and we, therefore, have put in place a Tide Growth Framework to guide you. With our expanding teams and business, we will encourage you to outgrow your initial responsibilities, if you so desire</li>
</ul>
<h3 id="what-we-are-looking-for"><strong>WHAT WE ARE LOOKING FOR:</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Proven work experience as a Python Developer (working with this as a primary language)</li>
<li>Basic understanding of software engineering fundamentals (SOLID, ACID, Testing)</li>
<li>Hands-on experience with AWS and frameworks such as: Django, FastAPI and Flask</li>
<li>Extensive experience integrating with or creating REST APIs</li>
<li>(Desirable) Experience working with event driven microservice or message queues</li>
<li>(Desirable) An understanding of Salesforce integrations</li>
<li>Experience working in Scrum and following Agile development practises</li>
<li>Teamwork skills with a problem-solving attitude</li>
<li>You’re passionate about learning every day and sharing your knowledge and experience every day</li>
<li>Genuinely excited about supporting small businesses, in the UK and in global markets</li>
</ul>
<h3 id="our-tech-stack"><strong>OUR TECH STACK:</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Python</li>
<li>AWS (including Lambda, Fargate, EKS, SQS, SNS, SES and S3)</li>
<li>Postgres</li>
<li>Google BigQuery</li>
<li>Terraform</li>
<li>Sentry</li>
</ul>
<h3 id="what-youll-get-in-return"><strong>WHAT YOU’LL GET IN RETURN:</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Remote first</li>
<li>25 days paid annual leave&nbsp;</li>
<li>3 additional days for volunteering and learning</li>
<li>Private Health Insurance</li>
<li>Mental Health Support Platform</li>
<li>FitPass</li>
<li>Family and Friendly Leave (according to statutory)</li>
<li>Personal L&amp;D budget</li>
<li>Share options</li>
</ul>
<h3 id="tidean-ways-of-working"><strong>TIDEAN WAYS OF WORKING:</strong></h3>
<p>At Tide, we champion a&nbsp;<strong>flexible workplace&nbsp;</strong>model that<strong>&nbsp;</strong>supports both in-person and remote work to cater to the specific needs of our different teams.&nbsp;</p>
<p>While remote work is supported, we believe in the power of face-to-face interactions to foster team spirit and collaboration. Our offices are designed as hubs for innovation and team-building, where we encourage regular in-person gatherings to foster a strong sense of community.</p>
<p><strong><span data-contrast="auto">#LI-IB1</span></strong><br><strong><span data-contrast="auto">#LI-Remote</span></strong>&nbsp;</p><div class="content-conclusion"><h3>TIDE IS A PLACE FOR EVERYONE</h3>
<p>At Tide, we believe that we can only succeed if we let our differences enrich our culture. Our Tideans come from a variety of backgrounds and experience levels. We consider everyone irrespective of their ethnicity, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, family or parental status, national origin, veteran, neurodiversity or differently-abled status. We celebrate diversity in our workforce as a cornerstone of our success. Our commitment to a broad spectrum of ideas and backgrounds is what enables us to build products that resonate with our members’ diverse needs and lives.&nbsp;</p>
<p>We are One Team and foster a transparent and inclusive environment, where everyone’s voice is heard.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><em>At Tide, we thrive on diversity, embracing various backgrounds and experiences. We welcome all individuals regardless of ethnicity, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, or disability. Our inclusive culture is key to our success, helping us build products that meet our members' diverse needs. We are One Team, committed to transparency and ensuring everyone’s voice is heard.</em></p>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section">&nbsp;</div>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section"><strong>Disclaimer</strong></div>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section">&nbsp;</div>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section"><em>It has come to our attention that individuals or agencies are falsely claiming to represent Tide and are reaching out to candidates regarding job opportunities. Please be aware that:</em></div>
<ul class="p-rich\_text\_list p-rich\_text\_list\_\_bullet p-rich\_text\_list--nested" data-stringify-type="unordered-list" data-list-tree="true" data-indent="0" data-border="0">
<li style="font-style: italic;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><em>Tide does&nbsp;<strong data-stringify-type="bold">not</strong>&nbsp;charge any fees at any stage of the recruitment process.</em></li>
<li style="font-style: italic;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><em>All official Tide job opportunities are listed exclusively on our&nbsp;<a href="https://www.tide.co/careers/" target="\_blank"><strong data-stringify-type="bold">Careers Page</strong></a>&nbsp;and applications should be submitted through this channel.</em></li>
<li style="font-style: italic;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><em>Communication from Tide will only come from an official&nbsp;<strong data-stringify-type="bold">@tide</strong><strong data-stringify-type="bold">.co</strong>&nbsp;email address.</em></li>
<li style="font-style: italic;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><em>Tide does not work with agencies or recruiters without prior formal engagement, and we do not authorize third parties to make job offers on our behalf.</em></li>
</ul>
<p><em>If you are contacted by anyone misrepresenting Tide or requesting payment, please treat it as fraudulent and report it to us immediately at <a href="mailto:talent@tide.co" target="\_blank">talent@tide.co</a><br>Your safety and trust are important to us, and we are committed to ensuring a fair and transparent recruitment process.</em></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><em><em data-stringify-type="italic">Tide leverages AI to enhance our hiring experience. You can read more about how we use AI in our recruitment process in our <a href="https://assets.ctfassets.net/3h69mkdgxn20/5MFtWSdG8YLKq3jZkK52NY/3f18633073e6cdbd03bba4b9791c64f4/Using\_AI\_throughout\_the\_Hiring\_Process.pdf" target="\_blank">AI Policy</a>.</em></em></p>
<p><em><em data-stringify-type="italic">Your personal data will be processed by Tide for recruitment purposes and in accordance with </em><em data-stringify-type="italic"><a class="c-link" href="https://assets.ctfassets.net/3h69mkdgxn20/4TE0uAE3SXomATDVneocNA/aa31893960b4064dd406ad15d029dcd3/Recruitment\_Privacy\_Notice.pdf" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://assets.ctfassets.net/3h69mkdgxn20/1MYf6q4ZMWugpeaROVETBN/526e9c160a2de03576413c81657c6466/Recruitment\_Privacy\_Notice\_\_Final\_Draft\_\_Sep\_2024\_.pdf" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">Tide's Recruitment Privacy Notice</a></em><em data-stringify-type="italic">.</em></em></p></div>