<div class="content-intro"><p>Elastic, the Search AI Company, enables everyone to find the answers they need in real time, using all their data, at scale — unleashing the potential of businesses and people. The Elastic Search AI Platform, used by more than 50% of the Fortune 500, brings together the precision of search and the intelligence of AI to enable everyone to accelerate the results that matter. By taking advantage of all structured and unstructured data — securing and protecting private information more effectively — Elastic’s complete, cloud-based solutions for search, security, and observability help organizations deliver on the promise of AI.</p></div><h3><strong>What Is The Role :</strong></h3>
<p style="text-align: justify;">The Observability team is developing and providing solutions to application developers and engineers that run infrastructure and services supporting these applications. Elasticsearch is an efficient datastore for logs, metrics, application traces and profiling data. The Observability team builds and maintains solutions that make getting insights from this data turnkey and efficient, such as our <a href="https://www.elastic.co/solutions/apm" target="\_blank">APM</a>, <a href="https://www.elastic.co/solutions/metrics" target="\_blank">Infrastructure Monitoring</a>, <a href="https://www.elastic.co/solutions/logging" target="\_blank">Logs</a> and <a href="https://www.elastic.co/observability/universal-profiling" target="\_blank">Universal Profiling</a> solutions. When developing these solutions, we think about the problem end-to-end: how do we automatically collect data from common data sources, how do we store it efficiently in Elasticsearch, how do we present this information to the user, what actions do we take on the insights from the data? All of these aspects are important in bringing a turnkey solution to the market.</p>
<p style="text-align: justify;">As a <strong>Senior</strong> <strong>Go Engineer </strong>in the <strong>Observability - Ingest - Intake Services team</strong>, you will be part of a team developing high quality observability products that are essential to the ingest flow of the Elastic Observability solution. The team’s main focus is on building and maintaining backend intake service components for cloud managed and on-prem deployments, and owning operational stability through extensive monitoring and SLOs. We have a focus on quality, performance, reliability, security and testability, as well as automation and continuous improvements.</p>
<p style="text-align: justify;">We build components and services that receive and validate signals from various edge collectors, such as Elastic APM, OpenTelemetry SDKs, as well as profiling agents, and transform them into Elasticsearch documents. The intake service components control the amount of data flowing into Elasticsearch and can buffer data temporarily without adding overhead to the edge applications using queues.</p>
<p style="text-align: justify;">We appreciate community contributions, and as such, engaging with the open source community is also an important part of this role.</p>
<p style="text-align: justify;">You’ll be collaborating with immediate team colleagues and across team boundaries. The team is diverse and distributed across the world, and collaborates on a daily basis over GitHub, Zoom, and Slack.</p>
<h3><strong>What You Will Be Doing :</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li style="text-align: justify;">Design and implement new features for the Observability intake services in Go.</li>
<li style="text-align: justify;">Maintain, update and improve existing code and dependencies while ensuring automated test coverage.</li>
<li style="text-align: justify;">Create and improve the development infrastructure using modern tooling such as Tilt and Terraform.</li>
<li style="text-align: justify;">Build a strong backend solution for the OpenTelemetry data flow.</li>
<li style="text-align: justify;">Design data formats for optimized data storage and query performance in Elasticsearch.</li>
<li style="text-align: justify;">Provide Pull Request reviews and guidance to your peers.</li>
<li style="text-align: justify;">Build SLIs and SLOs and participate in an on-call rotation for the services in the team’s ownership.</li>
<li style="text-align: justify;">Proactively participate in team conversations and contribute to a positive team culture.</li>
<li style="text-align: justify;">Collaborate with other parts of the company on cross team features and topics.</li>
<li style="text-align: justify;">Collaborate with the support team on customer requests, and engage with the community via pull requests, issues and discuss forums.</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>What You Bring :</strong></h3>
<p style="text-align: justify;"><strong>A positive attitude and a curious mindset. Experience with Go, with strong analytical, debugging, and troubleshooting skills. Interest in going deep on advanced topics such as memory management, benchmarking or profiling.</strong></p>
<ul>
<li style="text-align: justify;">5+ years of experience programming in Go.</li>
<li style="text-align: justify;">Experience and knowledge in the Observability space (developing monitoring products, working with metrics and sampling strategies, etc).</li>
<li style="text-align: justify;">Experience developing high throughput, low latency services.</li>
<li style="text-align: justify;">Experience working with stream processing platforms such as Apache Kafka or cloud provider managed queues.</li>
<li style="text-align: justify;">Understanding how to design and implement SLOs.</li>
<li style="text-align: justify;">Experience working with various cloud service providers.</li>
<li style="text-align: justify;">Hands-on experience with Docker and Kubernetes.</li>
<li style="text-align: justify;">Ability to work independently in a globally distributed team, while ensuring to collaborate and share knowledge with your colleagues.</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>Bonus Points :</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Experience with or interest in OpenTelemetry.</li>
<li>Knowledge of Elasticsearch and/or Kibana.</li>
<li>Experience participating in technical decision-making across different engineering teams.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p><div class="content-conclusion"><h2><strong>Additional Information - We Take Care of Our People</strong></h2>
<p>As a distributed company, diversity drives our identity. Whether you’re looking to launch a new career or grow an existing one, Elastic is the type of company where you can balance great work with great life. Your age is only a number. It doesn’t matter if you’re just out of college or your children are; we need you for what you can do.</p>
<p>We strive to have parity of benefits across regions and while regulations differ from place to place, we believe taking care of our people is the right thing to do.</p>
<ul>
<li>Competitive pay based on the work you do here and not your previous salary</li>
<li>Health coverage for you and your family in many locations</li>
<li>Ability to craft your calendar with flexible locations and schedules for many roles</li>
<li>Generous number of vacation days each year</li>
<li>Increase your impact - We match up to $2000 (or local currency equivalent) for financial donations and service</li>
<li>Up to 40 hours each year to use toward volunteer projects you love</li>
<li>Embracing parenthood with minimum of 16 weeks of parental leave</li>
</ul>
<p>Different people approach problems differently. We need that. Elastic is an equal opportunity employer and is committed to creating an inclusive culture that celebrates different perspectives, experiences, and backgrounds. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, ethnicity, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender perception or identity, national origin, age, marital status, protected veteran status, disability status, or any other basis protected by federal, state or local law, ordinance or regulation.</p>
<p>We welcome individuals with disabilities and strive to create an accessible and inclusive experience for all individuals. To request an accommodation during the application or the recruiting process, please email <a href="mailto:candidate\_accessibility@elastic.co" target="\_blank">candidate\_accessibility@elastic.co</a><span class="gmail\_default">.</span>&nbsp;We will reply to your request within 24 business hours of submission.</p>
<p><span style="color: #000000;">Applicants have rights under Federal Employment Laws, view posters linked below:</span> <a href="https://www.dol.gov/sites/dolgov/files/WHD/legacy/files/fmlaen.pdf" target="\_blank">Family and Medical Leave Act (FMLA)</a> <span style="color: #000000;">Poster;</span><span style="color: #000000;">&nbsp;<a href="https://www.dol.gov/sites/dolgov/files/ofccp/pdf/pay-transp\_%20English\_formattedESQA508c.pdf" target="\_blank">Pay Transparency Nondiscrimination Provision</a> Poster; </span><a href="https://www.dol.gov/sites/dolgov/files/WHD/legacy/files/eppabw.pdf" target="\_blank">Employee Polygraph Protection Act (EPPA)</a> <span style="color: #000000;">Poster and <a href="https://www.dol.gov/sites/dolgov/files/OFCCP/regs/compliance/posters/pdf/22-088\_EEOC\_KnowYourRights.pdf" target="\_blank">Know Your Rights</a> (Poster)</span></p>
<p><span style="color: #000000;">Elasticsearch develops and distributes technology and information that is subject to U.S. and other countries’ export controls and licensing requirements for individuals who are located in or are nationals of the following sanctioned countries and regions: Belarus, Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Syria, or Russia, including the Ukrainian territories annexed by Russia (The Crimea region of Ukraine, The Donetsk People's Republic (DNR), The Luhansk People's Republic (LNR), Kherson or Zaporizhzhia). If you are located in or are a national of one of the listed countries or regions, an export license may be required as a condition of your employment in this role. Please note that national origin and/or nationality do not affect eligibility for employment with Elastic.</span></p>
<p>Please see&nbsp;<a href="https://www.elastic.co/legal/applicant-privacy-statement" target="\_blank" data-saferedirecturl="https://www.google.com/url?q=https://www.elastic.co/legal/applicant-privacy-statement&amp;source=gmail&amp;ust=1611068262479000&amp;usg=AFQjCNG3orAPk5sJIr9WVm0ZDxYw82c5DA">here</a>&nbsp;for our Privacy Statement.</p></div>