<p>MongoDB is seeking a Manager, Financial Planning and Analysis (FP&amp;A) as the dedicated Finance business partner to the International Product &amp; Technology (P&amp;T) leadership team. You will be responsible for financial planning, forecasting, reporting, and analyzing aspects of key business decisions and resource planning. The Manager is expected to make significant contributions to the success of MongoDB by enabling executives and team leaders to make better decisions and will work closely with them to evaluate, plan, execute, and measure strategic business initiatives. Furthermore, the manager will own special projects such as software capitalization and be the driving force behind our international expansion into Ireland and India.&nbsp;</p>
<p>This position requires an adaptable self-starter who is able to work comfortably and communicate clearly with stakeholders across the organization, progress tasks from start to finish, and enjoys working in a fast-paced, challenging environment.&nbsp;</p>
<p>We are looking to speak to candidates who are based in Dublin for our hybrid working model.</p>
<h3>Responsibilities:</h3>
<ul>
<li>Business Partnering: Quickly establish positive relationships and become a key advisor for your product &amp; engineering business partners allowing you to build a solid understanding of business drivers and ensuring alignment with overall company objectives. You will own putting together a monthly BVA for the CTO and his executive leadership team, and improve upon existing reporting</li>
<li>Forecast Coordination &amp; Modelling: Build and maintain detailed financial and operating models to support your stakeholders in all aspects of their budget with a strong focus on headcount planning and optimization</li>
<li>Analyzing: Conduct ad-hoc analyses and build financial models to guide leaders towards efficient operating strategies, resource allocation, and investments in product initiatives</li>
<li>Perform financial month-end close activities, including headcount reconciliations, accrual reviews, and budget vs. actuals analysis and reporting which include leading the Ireland Grant, Credit monthly close process&nbsp;</li>
<li>Operational Effectiveness: Improve and scale business, operational and financial processes understood by all important partners, including standardizing and automating reports and improving how we leverage internal systems</li>
<li>Partner with recruiting and HR partners to drive efficiencies in workforce planning and reporting for executives and their leaders</li>
<li>Operates independently to prepare schedules and relevant analysis for each planning cycle and develops clear support for management review</li>
</ul>
<h3>What You'll Need:</h3>
<ul>
<li>Bachelor’s Degree: finance, business or economics preferred, MBA a plus</li>
<li>5+ years experience in FP&amp;A, and/or superior analytical, critical thinking, and quantitative skills</li>
<li>Prior experience supporting a Product or Engineering organization would be a plus</li>
<li>Proficiency in financial modeling, Excel, Google Suite, financial planning tools (Adaptive) and SQL know-how a plus</li>
<li>Ability to analyze data, draw conclusions, and develop actionable recommendations</li>
<li>Highly articulate with excellent verbal and written communication skills</li>
<li>Think creatively, are highly driven, and skilled at creating structure in situations that are uncertain or ambiguous within a rapidly growing business.</li>
<li>Highly organized, with incredibly strong project management skills. You will need to be detail oriented, love multi-tasking and have excellent follow through skills</li>
<li>Demonstrated the ability to roll-up your sleeves and work with team members, driving projects through to completion&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<h3>About MongoDB</h3>
<p>MongoDB is built for change, empowering our customers and our people to innovate at the speed of the market. We have redefined the database for the AI era, enabling innovators to create, transform, and disrupt industries with software. MongoDB’s unified database platform, the most widely available, globally distributed database on the market, helps organizations modernize legacy workloads, embrace innovation, and unleash AI. Our cloud-native platform, MongoDB Atlas, is the only globally distributed, multi-cloud database and is available across AWS, Google Cloud, and Microsoft Azure.</p>
<p>With offices worldwide and over 60,000 customers, including 75% of the Fortune 100 and AI-native startups, relying on MongoDB for their most important applications, we’re powering the next era of software.</p>
<p>Our compass at MongoDB is our <a href="https://www.mongodb.com/company">Leadership Commitment,</a> guiding how and why we make decisions, show up for each other, and win. It’s what makes us MongoDB.&nbsp;</p>
<p>To drive the personal growth and business impact of our employees, we’re committed to developing a supportive and enriching culture for everyone. <a href="https://www.mongodb.com/company/blog/culture/employee-benefits-that-make-a-difference-at-mongodb">From employee affinity groups, to fertility assistance and a generous parental leave policy</a>, we value our employees’ wellbeing and want to support them along every step of their professional and personal journeys.<a href="https://www.mongodb.com/blog/channel/culture"> Learn more about what it’s like to work at MongoDB</a>, and help us make an impact on the world!</p>
<p>MongoDB is committed to providing any necessary accommodations for individuals with disabilities within our application and interview process. To request an accommodation due to a disability, please inform your recruiter.</p>
<p>REQ ID: 1273377986</p>