## 1KOMMA5°

At <strong>1KOMMA5°</strong>, we pursue a clear vision: <strong>Living on wind and sunlight forever for free</strong>. To make this a reality, we are building the energy system of the future with Heartbeat AI. Want to be part of it?<br><br>We bring together regional craftsmanship and scalable software: We don't think of solar, batteries, heat pumps, and e-mobility as isolated components, but control them as an intelligent, integrated overall system in our virtual power plant. Directly connected to the electricity market – in real time, fully automated. This way, energy is used when it is available from renewables and particularly cost-effective. By 2030, our goal is to transition 1.5 million households to renewable energies. Over 3,000 people are working towards this every day, at more than 80 locations worldwide, from Finland to Australia.<br><br><strong>Want to take responsibility and build solutions that truly matter? Apply now and help us shape the energy world of tomorrow.</strong><br><br>Become a part of our mission and learn <a href="https://1komma5.com/de/ueber-uns/jobs/tech/">more</a> about our Product &amp; Tech team!

## Deine Position

The data platform team designs and builds the foundation of how data flows through our company. Together with your team, you will forge new ways to ingest, process, store and deliver data both at scale and complexity. We focus on building tools that enable our internal customers to find, access and investigate data for any of their use cases.<br><br><strong>Key responsibilities include but are not limited to:</strong><br><ul><li>Architect, develop, and manage the data platform to support efficient data ingestion, transformation, quality assurance, monitoring, and accessibility</li><li>Collaborate closely with cross-functional teams to understand data needs</li><li>Contribute formulating and executing on the technical vision and roadmap for the data platform</li></ul><strong>Technologies you will work with include:</strong><br><ul><li>Google Cloud Platform (CloudRun, BigQuery, Pub/Sub, Dataform, etc.)</li><li>SQLMesh</li><li>Terraform / Terramate</li><li>GitHub Actions</li><li>Python and SQL</li><li>Looker</li></ul>

## Dein Profil

<ul><li>Proven experience (2+ years) in a data engineering role, preferably within a fast-paced tech company or similar environment</li><li>Strong understanding of data concepts at scale ranging from data ingestion, transformation and modeling</li><li>Strong understanding of software engineering best practices and their application to data pipelines</li><li>Experience with data governance, especially around implementing and managing data catalogs, IAM, ensuring metadata management and efficient data discovery</li><li>Experience with Python, SQL, and HCL (terraform)</li><li>Extensive experience working with a public cloud provider, ideally Google Cloud Platform (GCP), and a solid understanding of its data services</li><li>Experience with BI tools and how to integrate these with a modern data setup</li><li>Strong customer-centric mindset with a deep understanding of the importance of product thinking when enabling software delivery teams to build data-driven solutions</li><li>Very good knowledge of spoken and written english, german is a plus</li></ul>Bonus points for:<br><ul><li>Prior experience with IoT applications and streaming data processing (e.g. GCP Dataflow, Apache Beam, Apache Flink, etc.)</li><li>Having worked in a scale up environment at a company of similar size</li><li>Interest in the climate tech industry</li></ul>Be part of a dynamic team dedicated to reshaping the energy landscape. If you're passionate about leveraging data to drive innovation in renewable energy solutions, join us in our quest to make a sustainable difference.

## Benefits

<ul><li>You are part of an international, dynamic, and highly motivated team of people who have proven to make things happen</li><li>With your work, you accelerate the "energy transition" and hence have a direct impact on our climate</li><li>Work with and learn from other super-smart colleagues</li><li>You will enjoy direct contact with core decision-makers</li><li>You will enjoy the best chances of entering full-time in one of Europe’s most thriving scaleups</li><li>You work remotely (Germany-wide), with offices in Hamburg, Berlin, or Munich</li><li>Create a healthy balance alongside your work and enjoy all the benefits of the EGYM Wellpass</li><li>Whether city bike or e-bike - be flexible with our job bike leasing and do something good for the environment at the same time</li></ul>