At Sysdig, we believe cloud security isn't a compromise - it's a promise. From the start, our mission has been clear: to help organizations secure innovation in the cloud, the right way.

We created Falco, the open standard for cloud threat detection, and continue to lead the cloud security market with runtime insights, open innovation, and agentic Al. Creators of technology trusted by over 60% of the Fortune 500, Sysdig gives teams the real-time clarity to move fast and defend what matters most.

Culture matters here. We believe diversity fuels stronger ideas, and open dialogue drives sharper decisions. Recognized as a Best Place to Work and one of Deloitte's fastest-growing companies for the past 5 years, we're here to raise the standard for what cloud security and workplace culture should be.

If you have the passion to dig deeper, the desire to challenge convention, and the curiosity to build something better, Sysdig is the right place for you.

## What you will do:

- Reporting to the Software Manager of the Posture team
- You will maintain a software architecture responsible for keeping a customer's security compliance and regulatory obligations in check
- You will build easy to use user interfaces which reduce the complexity of keeping customer's security in check
- You will build micro-services handling datasets from large-scale customers from around the world
- You will think creatively on solving novel problems
- You will collaborate across the organization to understand user needs from the product team, implement development activities, collaborate with quality and then follow your solution into production by overseeing and monitoring its usage
- You will participate in an on-call rotation to address any urgent issue

## What you will bring with you:

- 5 + years of professional working experience.
- Experience developing highly interactive web user interfaces
- Experience building backend services or data processing pipelines
- Experience with React
- Experience with Go
- Proficiency with testing methodologies, such as unit testing and integration testing
- Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or a related field

## What we look for:

- You bring a 360 degrees view of development process lifecycle
- You bring team ownership focus across all phases of development, from launch to maintenance
- You bring a collaborative mindset that values trust in the team
- You bring experience with large-scale technical projects

## When you join Sysdig, you can expect:

- Extra days off to prioritize your well-being
- Mental health support for you and your family through the Modern Health app
- Great compensation package

We would love for you to join us! Please reach out even if your experience doesn't perfectly match the job description. We can always explore other options after starting the conversation. Your background and passion will set you apart, especially if your career path is different.

Some of our Hiring Managers are globally distributed, an English version of your CV will be appreciated.

*Sysdig values a diverse workplace and encourages women, people of color, LGBTQIA+ individuals, people with disabilities, members of ethnic minorities, foreign-born residents, and veterans to apply. Sysdig is an equal-opportunity employer. Sysdig does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity, or any other legally protected status.*

*#*LI-FP1

*#LI-Remote*