At Layup Parts, our mission is simple: deliver composite parts faster. We’re not just another machine shop—we’re a technology-first manufacturing startup that’s transforming how composite parts are made for the aerospace, defense, and motorsports industries. Our customers are developing tomorrow's high-tech products, and we are building technology to accelerate their success.

At Layup Parts we’re building a crew of outstanding individuals who take pride in their work, learn from one another, and aren’t afraid to tackle challenges head-on. We value initiative, teamwork, and a get-it-done attitude.

## What You’ll Do:

- **Design tooling:** Build molds and fixtures that are accurate, scalable, and production-ready with thorough documentation.
- **Bring designs to life:**  Create ply books and kits from customer data and projector programs.
- **Work with customers:**  Share DFM feedback and cost-down ideas that help us scale together.
- **Team up with software:**  Partner with our software engineering team to test, validate, and refine in-house tools providing clear feedback that drives improvement.
- **Get hands-on:**  Spend time on the production floor to feel the impact of your design decisions firsthand, identify bottlenecks, and create solutions that make technicians’ jobs easier.
- **Scale our capabilities**: Help budget and plan for new equipment, train the team, and expand capabilities.
- **Push innovation:** Develop new manufacturing methods as the company grows it capabilities.

## What We’re Looking For:

- **Be awesome! Be the kind of person you want to work with!**
- **Engineering Background**: Strong fundamentals and a proven track record of designing and delivering in manufacturing environments.
- **Self-starter**: Able to own and drive projects with minimal guidance. Ability to design multi-piece molds and complex tooling independently.
- **Experience in composites**: 2+ years working with prepreg composites in a manufacturing environment with deep understanding of tooling splits, ply drops, adhesive films, debulking, intensifiers, caul plates, and core splicing.
- **Hands-on quality**: Familiar with scanned data and geometric QC analysis.
- **Technical fluency**: Proficient in professional CAD (NX, SolidWorks, Catia, etc.) and capable of creating professional manufacturing drawings.
- **Startup ready**: Comfortable working in a fast-moving, resourceful environment where priorities can shift quickly.

## Bonus Points:

- Knowledge of machining and 3D printing design considerations.
- Experience with alternate composites processes: VARTM, compression molding, trapped rubber molding, or wet layup.
- Software/coding knowledge (C++, Python, Matlab, VBA, Arduino, etc.)

Layup is an equal-opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will be treated with respect and receive equal consideration for employment without regard to race, color, creed, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, uniform service, Veteran status, age, or any other protected characteristic per federal, state, or local law, including those with a criminal history, in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable state and local laws, including the CA Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance.

ITAR Requirements - To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C. § 1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C. § 1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR [here](https://www.pmddtc.state.gov/?id=ddtc_kb_article_page&sys_id=24d528fddbfc930044f9ff621f961987).