<div class="iCIMS\_InfoMsg iCIMS\_InfoMsg\_Job">
<div class="iCIMS\_Expandable\_Container">
<div class="iCIMS\_Expandable\_Text">
<div class="iCIMS\_InfoMsg iCIMS\_InfoMsg\_Job">
<div class="iCIMS\_Expandable\_Container">
<div class="iCIMS\_Expandable\_Text"><nav class="nav">
<div class="container">
<div id="search" class="nav-search\_\_drawer">
<div class="container">
<div class="row">
<div class="col-18 offset-3 col-lg-16 offset-lg-4">
<div class="iCIMS\_InfoMsg iCIMS\_InfoMsg\_Job">
<div class="iCIMS\_Expandable\_Container">
<div class="iCIMS\_Expandable\_Text">
<h3 class="careers\_\_details\_\_label heading--s">About the position</h3>
<div class="careers\_\_details\_\_content redactor\_\_content">
<div class="content-intro">
<p>We believe in the power of hiring. Because the potential for people to do something outstanding has everything to do with being in the right role, on the right team, at the right time. That’s where Greenhouse comes in – from recruiting to on-boarding, we make software to help every company be great at hiring.</p>
</div>
<p>Greenhouse is looking for a Mid Market Account Executive to join our team!<br><br>As a key member of our Sales organization, you’ll play an invaluable role in Greenhouse’s growth strategy. You’ll be an individual contributor focusing solely on new business, selling to prospects and managing qualified leads generated by a mature enterprise sales development organization. You’ll also leverage your own prospecting skills to bolster your pipeline, all the while contributing to best practices that support the success of your greater team.</p>
<h2><strong>Who will love this job</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li><strong>An evangelist&nbsp;</strong>– you believe in our product and are excited to tell our story with authenticity</li>
<li><strong>A bold salesperson</strong>&nbsp;– you're confident in your ability to win deals and advise customers</li>
<li><strong>A high-performer</strong>&nbsp;– you love to sell, and you have the track record that shows you’re good at it</li>
<li><strong>A consultant&nbsp;</strong>– you can navigate difficult conversations to help customers understand value</li>
<li><strong>A positive influence&nbsp;</strong>– you’re positive in the face of adversity and love the challenge of a constantly evolving environment</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>What you’ll do</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Be an impactful player on a high-­performing sales team at an award-winning startup</li>
<li>Drive an effective sales process to hit (and exceed!) your quarterly goals</li>
<li>Actively prospect to supplement the lead flow provided by a dedicated team of Sales Development Representatives</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>You should have</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>3+ years of relevant SaaS sales experience</li>
<li>A track record of hitting and exceeding quota</li>
<li>Experience with strategic prospecting</li>
<li>Experience selling in the HR tech landscape, a plus</li>
<li>Proficiency with Salesforce, a plus</li>
<li>Your own unique talents! If you don’t meet 100% of the qualifications outlined above, tell us why you’d be a great fit for this role in your cover letter</li>
</ul>
<div class="content-conclusion">
<h2><strong>Who we are</strong></h2>
<p>At Greenhouse, we celebrate having a diverse group of hardworking employees – and it hasn’t gone unnoticed. In 2019, we were ranked #4 in Fortune’s Best Workplaces in New York and #5 in their Best Company Culture. We’ve also been recognized as a Best Company for Diversity by Comparably, and have been named to Inc. Magazine’s Best Workplaces list. We pride ourselves on fostering a collaborative culture throughout every step of a Greenhouse employee's journey. From day one of our interview process to executive "Ask Me Anything" sessions, we consistently cultivate an inclusive environment.</p>
<p>For all our employees, we offer a full slate of benefits from competitive salaries, stock options, medical, dental and vision coverage, disability coverage, employer paid life insurance, mental health resources, financial wellness benefits, and a fully paid parental leave program. For US-based employees, we offer flexible vacation, commuter benefits and a 401(k) plan, and for Dublin-based employees we offer 25 days' vacation and a pension plan.</p>
<p>Our success in making companies great at hiring depends on our ability to create a diverse, equitable and inclusive environment. To that end, we’re committed to attracting, developing, retaining and promoting a diverse workforce, and infusing DE&amp;I throughout all of our internal practices. By ensuring that every Greenie is able to bring a diversity of talents to our work, we’re increasingly capable of living out our mission and providing real insight from our products to support our customers. We encourage people from underrepresented backgrounds and all walks of life to apply. Come grow with us at Greenhouse, where we’re building a team to face the world’s increasingly complex and diverse hiring needs.</p>
<p><br>Want to learn more about our interviewing process? Check out our&nbsp;<a href="https://www.greenhouse.io/interviewing-at-greenhouse" target="\_blank">interviewing at Greenhouse page.</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</nav></div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div><div class="content-conclusion"><p>NAME is committed to the recruitment, employment, and promotion of all candidates equally, regardless of an individual's gender, race, color, national origin, ancestry, age, religion, pregnancy, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, military or veteran status, genetic information, physical or mental disability (except where such disability is a bona fide occupational disqualification) or any other classification protected under federal, state or local law</p></div>