Spotify’s Global Communications team is seeking a Corporate Communications Senior Manager, who will support the Global Corporate Communications team in issues management and safeguarding and enhancing Spotify’s brand reputation across markets. The ideal candidate will have experience in corporate communications; has worked with media and creators; and is a determined self-starter who can thrive in a fast-paced, complex organization. 

The senior manager will help support regional market teams around the world in handling sensitive issues and managing narratives as needed. You will work with global teams to help develop and coordinate strategic, integrated communications plans and narratives, utilizing a mix of earned, owned, paid, and social channels. The ideal candidate will have previous experience in global tech companies, be a true team player while accomplishing work autonomously, and bring a proactive approach to their work.

## What You'll Do

* Lead planning and execution of fully-fledged 360° plans across media types and channels to elevate our corporate stories, aligned and embedded into our local and regional business objectives.
* Support the team’s proactive and reactive media relations, and continue building strong relationships with key business, music, and technology press.
* Craft compelling narratives and messaging around Spotify’s local, regional, and global business strategies.
* Proactively monitor critical issues relevant to Spotify’s business operations, brand, and reputation and help prepare mitigation and response plans.
* Collaborate cross-functionally with several teams across the company at varying levels across regions and markets.
* Monitor and analyze media coverage to provide insights and recommendations.

## Who You Are

* You have 8+ years of experience working in technology, product or media industries on corporate communications.
* You possess a strong understanding of the global media landscape and have established pre-existing relationships with key business and tech media and content creators.
* You have a proven track record of successful media relations and securing high-impact coverage.
* You are proactive and results-oriented. You can work efficiently in a fast-paced environment under pressure without sacrificing attention to detail.
* You are a strong collaborator, team player, and self-motivated, independent worker with a hands-on approach and the ability to prioritize tasks effectively.
* Established experience coordinating across multi-layered corporate and sensitive projects.
* A strong written and verbal communicator who is fluent in AI tools.

## Where You'll Be

This role is based in London, UK

* We offer you the flexibility to work where you work best! There will be some in person meetings, but still allows for flexibility to work from home
* We ask that you come in 2-3 times per week

Spotify is an equal opportunity employer. You are welcome at Spotify for who you are, no matter where you come from, what you look like, or what’s playing in your headphones. Our platform is for everyone, and so is our workplace. The more voices we have represented and amplified in our business, the more we will all thrive, contribute, and be forward-thinking! So bring us your personal experience, your perspectives, and your background. It’s in our differences that we will find the power to keep revolutionizing the way the world listens.

At Spotify, we are passionate about inclusivity and making sure our entire recruitment process is accessible to everyone. We have ways to request reasonable accommodations during the interview process and help assist in what you need. If you need accommodations at any stage of the application or interview process, please let us know - we’re here to support you in any way we can.

Spotify transformed music listening forever when we launched in 2008. Our mission is to unlock the potential of human creativity by giving a million creative artists the opportunity to live off their art and billions of fans the chance to enjoy and be passionate about these creators. Everything we do is driven by our love for music and podcasting. Today, we are the world’s most popular audio streaming subscription service.