<h2><strong>About Parloa</strong></h2>
<p>Parloa’s mission is to make every customer conversation feel effortless for both customers and the companies serving them. As agentic AI accelerates, Parloans are shaping the foundation of a new era in customer experience - one where customer support is no longer transactions, but meaningful exchanges. It is not just a vision; Parloa has powered over ONE BILLION interactions between global enterprise brands and their customers, with companies like Booking.com, HealthEquity, Allianz, SAP, BarmeniaGothaer, and TUI already deploying Parloa at scale.</p>
<h2><strong>About the role:</strong></h2>
<p>We are looking for an experienced and strategic <strong>Senior Manager, Field Marketing EMEA</strong> to lead our regional field marketing function during a maternity cover period (12 months). In this role, you will own and drive the EMEA field marketing strategy, ensuring strong alignment with regional sales priorities and global marketing objectives.</p>
<p>You will lead a team of 3 field marketers across key EMEA regions, empowering them to deliver high-impact programs that generate pipeline, accelerate opportunities, and strengthen customer relationships. As a senior stakeholder partner to Sales leadership, you will play a critical role in shaping go-to-market strategy and translating business priorities into scalable, revenue-driving marketing initiatives. This is a highly cross-functional, commercially driven leadership role requiring both strategic thinking and operational excellence.</p>
<h2><strong>Areas of ownership:</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Own and evolve the EMEA field marketing strategy, ensuring alignment with global marketing priorities and regional sales targets.</li>
<li>Owns the project management of events like WAVE and At the Heart of AI</li>
<li>Translate revenue goals into measurable regional marketing plans that drive net-new pipeline and accelerate active deals.</li>
<li>Identify growth opportunities across markets and verticals, adjusting investment and focus accordingly.</li>
<li>Oversee the planning and execution of key regional initiatives includingIndustry tradeshows, Executive gatherings, Roadshows and ABM programs.</li>
<li>Lead and mentor a team of Field Marketing Managers across EMEA. Provide direction, prioritization, and coaching to ensure consistent execution.</li>
<li>Own and manage the regional field marketing budget, ensuring optimal allocation and measurable ROI.</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Who you are:</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>10+ years of experience in B2B marketing, with strong exposure to field marketing in EMEA.</li>
<li>Proven experience leading regional marketing programs that drive measurable pipeline impact.</li>
<li>Previous people management experience and experience in partnering with senior Sales stakeholders and executive leadership.</li>
<li>Strong commercial acumen and ability to align marketing strategy with revenue objectives.</li>
<li>Strong project management and budget ownership experience.</li>
<li>Ideally based in Berlin. Fluency in English is required; any additional European language is a strong advantage (especially French, Spanish, or German).</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Our Recruiting Process:</strong></h2>
<p>Talent Acquisition → Hiring Manager → Technical Interview(s) → Bar Raiser</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><iframe style="display: table; margin-left: auto; margin-right: auto;" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/P4d-iyx7RQM" width="560" height="314"></iframe></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<hr>
<p>Parloa is committed to upholding the highest data protection standards for our clients' and employees' data. All our employees are instrumental in ensuring the utmost care, GDPR, and ISO compliance, including ISO 27001, in handling sensitive information.</p>
<p>Parloa is an e-verify employer in the USA. <a class="c-link" href="https://www.e-verify.gov/about-e-verify/what-is-e-verify" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://www.e-verify.gov/about-e-verify/what-is-e-verify" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">Please click here to learn more</a>.</p>
<p><strong>\* </strong><strong>We provide equal opportunities to all qualified applicants regardless race, gender, sexual orientation, age, religion, national origin, disability status, socioeconomic background and other characteristics.</strong></p></div>