<h2><strong>What you'll do&nbsp;</strong></h2>
<p>We are looking for a <strong>Senior Product Design Team Manager</strong> to lead a team responsible for the design strategy and execution for our clinical experience.&nbsp;</p>
<p>The clinical domain encompasses workflows that touch patient records, medical documentation, appointment management, clinical decision support, diagnostic workflows, treatment planning, prescription management, and telehealth services, adapted to multiple markets with a variety of medical specialties and care settings.</p>
<p>You’ll raise the design bar, drive measurable product outcomes, and grow an inclusive, high-performing team.</p>
<p>You will lead a team of seven designers, raising the bar for quality, innovation, and usability to create measurable impact. This role reports to our Design Director, and you’ll work closely with partners in Engineering, Product, Data, and Design to deliver intuitive, compliant, and scalable Clinical experiences that free health professionals from the burden: less admin, more care.</p>
<h2><strong>Who you are&nbsp;</strong></h2>
<p>Before you read on,&nbsp; if you don't have the exact profile described below, but you feel this job description matches your skill set, we still encourage you to apply.</p>
<ul>
<li>Set the design vision for the clinical end‑to‑end experience for healthcare practitioners, grounded in our mission and AI‑powered OS, while advocating for the value of great clinical UX in healthcare with clear narratives, principles, and measurable goals.</li>
<li>Lead, grow, and coach a strong team: setting quality bars, establishing rituals, providing clear feedback, and guiding career development.</li>
<li>Partner with Product and Engineering to define the roadmap and design strategy for the clinical domain, while delivering measurable impact by setting clear UX metrics, and tying design decisions to relevant business goals.</li>
<li>Raise the bar on design craft and technological innovation by integrating and shaping human-AI interaction patterns for clinical tasks, while championing thoughtful UX design in data-dense workflows.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Contribute to our larger design culture;help shape the growth of our Design Organization and represent our team’s culture throughout the company.</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>About You</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>8-10 years in Product/UX design with 4-6 years people management experience, coaching, mentoring and training high performing teams&nbsp;</li>
<li>Proven track record shipping complex, data-heavy products, ideally in fintech, clinical, healthcare, or other regulated or enterprise environments.</li>
<li>Expertise in user‑centered design, service design, interaction patterns, and systems thinking; fluent in Figma and modern prototyping modalities. Comfortable with data‑informed decision making and demonstrating business impact.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Experience collaborating with cross-functional partners (Product, Engineering, Finance/Ops, Data, Legal/Risk, Support) in fast-paced and ambiguous environments.</li>
<li>Strong written and verbal communication; confident facilitator who can align diverse stakeholders around clear decisions.</li>
<li>Data-informed and hypothesis-driven: Comfortable defining UX metrics and connecting design work to business outcomes.</li>
<li>Fluent in English; additional European languages (e.g., French, German, Italian) are a plus.</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>What we offer</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Free comprehensive health insurance for you and your children</li>
<li>Parent Care Program: receive one additional month of leave on top of the legal parental leave</li>
<li>Free mental health and coaching services through our partner Moka.care</li>
<li>For caregivers and workers with disabilities, a package including an adaptation of the remote policy, extra days off for medical reasons, and psychological support</li>
<li>Work from EU countries and the UK for up to 10 days per year, thanks to our flexibility days policy</li>
<li>Work Council subsidy to refund part of sport club membership or creative class</li>
<li>Up to 14 days of RTT</li>
<li>A subsidy from the work council to refund part of the membership to a sport club or a creative class</li>
<li>Lunch voucher with Swile card</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>The interview process&nbsp;</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Recruiter Interview&nbsp;</li>
<li>HM Interview&nbsp;</li>
<li>Portfolio Review&nbsp;</li>
<li>Behavioral interview&nbsp;</li>
<li>At least one reference check</li>
</ul>
<p>If you would like to find out more about tech life at Doctolib, feel free to read our latest <a href="https://medium.com/doctolib">Medium blog articles</a>!&nbsp;</p>
<p><em>At Doctolib, we believe in improving access to healthcare for everyone - regardless of where you come from, what you look like. This translates into our recruitment process: Doctolib is an equal opportunity employer. We don't just accept diversity at Doctolib, we respect and celebrate it!</em></p>
<p><em>The more diverse ideas are heard, the more our product will truly improve healthcare for all. You are welcome to apply to Doctolib, regardless of your gender, religion, age, sexual orientation, ethnicity, disability, or place of origin. If you have a disability, let us know if there's any way we can make the interview process smoother for you!&nbsp;</em></p>
<p><em>All the information transmitted via this form is processed by Doctolib for the purpose of managing applications. For more information on how Doctolib processes your application data, click </em><a href="https://media.doctolib.com/image/upload/v1664533861/legal/Privacy-policy-Site\_Career-Septembre-22-COM.pdf"><em>here</em></a><em>.</em></p>
<p><em>If you wish to exercise your rights or if you have any questions about the processing of your data, you can write to us at&nbsp;</em><a href="mailto:hr.dataprivacy@doctolib.com"><em>hr.dataprivacy@doctolib.com</em></a><em>.</em></p>