<p>Bitwarden is the trusted identity security leader for millions of users worldwide, empowering enterprises, developers, and individuals to securely manage and share sensitive information anywhere. Bitwarden makes it easy for all users to extend robust security across their devices with password management, secrets management, and passwordless and passkey innovations. The company is headquartered in Santa Barbara, California. Learn more at <a href="https://bitwarden.com/">bitwarden.com</a>.&nbsp;</p>
<p>As an outbound Sales Development Representative (SDR) at Bitwarden, you will play a pivotal role as a Product Specialist, acting as the first point of contact for potential customers. Your responsibilities will include developing a deep understanding of our sales process, researching leads, initiating new relationships, and setting the stage for our sales team's success. You will engage primarily in outbound sales activities, showcasing our offerings compellingly through various channels.</p>
<p>This is an all-remote team, and we're looking for someone in the EMEA region. Until Bitwarden sets up an EMEA business entity, this role will be filled with a full-time contractor.</p>
<p><strong>RESPONSIBILITIES</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Generate sales leads by effectively prospecting and engaging potential Mid-Market and Enterprise clients through outbound outreach.</li>
<li>Manage and maintain an outbound sales pipeline, ensuring optimal lead and prospect qualification.</li>
<li>Identify and respond to potential client’s needs and suggest appropriate solutions.</li>
<li>Follow the sales playbook to guide sales leads through an Account Executive-led buying process.</li>
<li>Adhere to service-level agreements on lead outreach and follow-up intervals.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>WHAT YOU BRING TO BITWARDEN</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>2+ years of outbound sales experience as a Sales Development Representative in the technology / SaaS space.</li>
<li>Experience using a CRM tool such as HubSpot, Outreach, or a similar engagement tool.</li>
<li>Experience using prospecting tools like LinkedIn Sales Navigator, ZoomInfo, or similar, particularly in Enterprise B2B environments.</li>
<li>Strong verbal communication skills with the ability to quickly articulate technical information concisely.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Effective problem-solving abilities, coupled with strong time management and organizational skills.</li>
<li>Innovative thinker who thrives in a dynamic and evolving environment.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Collaborative team player willing to share best practices and learn from others.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Demonstrates persistence, resilience, and a proactive approach to issue resolution.&nbsp;</li>
<li>A 4-year degree or equivalent is preferred.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>WHAT TO EXPECT IN THE INTERVIEW PROCESS</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Screening Call with Recruiting Team</li>
<li>Interview with SDR Manager</li>
<li>SDR Skills Assessment</li>
<li>Interview with Head of Enablement&nbsp;</li>
<li>Interview with CSO</li>
<li>References</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>A FEW REASONS TO WORK WITH US</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Our user community loves us, and we love them. Come to work each day with a sense of purpose as we bring a more secure internet experience to everyone, from our friends and family to the world’s largest organizations.</li>
<li>Become an expert. You’ll get immersed in the prominent technology markets of security and open-source software.</li>
<li>We are dedicated to building a diverse and talented team. Work remotely with motivated and supportive team members across the world.</li>
<li>Learn and grow. Take on new challenges with the support of your team, and join our #growth-club to continue personal and professional development.&nbsp;</li>
</ul>