<p><strong>ABOUT ROCKET MONEY🔮</strong></p>
<p>Rocket Money’s mission is to meaningfully improve the financial prosperity of millions of people. Rocket Money offers members a unique understanding of their finances and a suite of valuable services that save them time and money – ultimately giving them a leg up on their financial journey.</p>
<p>Please note: The schedule for this role is Tuesday - Saturday (9am-5:30pm PT)</p>
<p><strong>ABOUT THE ROLE 🤹‍♀️</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Develop, maintain and execute processes that provide key services to users</li>
<li>Prioritize multiple queues and manage daily workflow to ensure requests are resolved quickly and efficiently</li>
<li>Resolve unique situations and improve workflows to account for new or uncommon issues</li>
<li>Ensure a positive user experience by determining when additional information is needed or troubleshooting breakdowns in processes</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>ABOUT YOU 🦄</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>You have an interest in personal finance and a desire to see others succeed in managing their money.</li>
<li>Great Communication -- Your writing is impressive and you love talking with people!</li>
<li>Proactive Problem Solving -- you’re able to identify possible issues and potential resolutions.</li>
<li>Workflow Management -- You know how to efficiently balance multiple competing priorities.</li>
<li>Taking Initiative -- You’re willing to jump in and help wherever help is needed. You love to learn and are constantly looking to improve.</li>
<li>Customer service experience in a B2C tech company is a plus!</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>WE OFFER 💫</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Health, Dental &amp; Vision Plans</li>
<li>Life Insurance</li>
<li>Long/Short Term Disability</li>
<li>Competitive Pay</li>
<li>401k Matching</li>
<li>Team Member Stock Purchasing Program (TMSPP)</li>
<li><a href="https://www.myrocketcareer.com/working-here/training-and-development/">Learning &amp; Development Opportunities</a></li>
<li>Tuition Reimbursement</li>
<li>Unlimited PTO</li>
<li>Daily Lunch, Snacks &amp; Coffee&nbsp;<em>(in-office only)</em></li>
<li>Commuter benefits&nbsp;<em>(in-office only)</em></li>
</ul>
<p>We are committed to setting every new hire up for success. All new team members will participate in a structured, hands-on training period designed to build confidence and ensure alignment with role expectations. The program includes clear milestones, regular progress check-ins, and direct feedback. Progress will be closely monitored to confirm that key skills and responsibilities are being met within the training timeline. Our goal is to provide the clarity, resources, and accountability needed so that success in the role is both achievable and measurable.</p>
<p>Additional information: Salary range of $20 - $22/hour + bonus + benefits. Base pay offered may vary depending on job-related knowledge, skills, and experience.</p>
<p>Rocket Money is an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, or protected veteran status and will not be discriminated against on the basis of disability.</p>
<p>Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>