<div class="content-intro"><p><strong data-stringify-type="bold">Why work at Nebius<br></strong>Nebius is leading a new era in cloud computing to serve the global AI economy. We create the tools and resources our customers need to solve real-world challenges and transform industries, without massive infrastructure costs or the need to build large in-house AI/ML teams. Our employees work at the cutting edge of AI cloud infrastructure alongside some of the most experienced and innovative leaders and engineers in the field.</p>
<p><strong>Where we work<br></strong>Headquartered in Amsterdam and listed on Nasdaq, Nebius has a global footprint with R&amp;D hubs across Europe, North America, and Israel. The team of over 1400 employees includes more than 400 highly skilled engineers with deep expertise across hardware and software engineering, as well as an in-house AI R&amp;D team.</p></div><h2><span data-contrast="auto">The role</span></h2>
<div class="page">
<div class="section">
<div class="layoutArea">
<div class="column">
<p>Nebius is looking for a Senior Hardware Engineer (R&amp;D / GPU / AI). You’re welcome to work in our data center in Amsterdam, the Netherlands.</p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<p><strong>Your responsibilities will include:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Participate in the design, deployment, and maintenance of high-performance cloud systems tailored for AI workloads.</li>
<li>Arranging and performing hardware R&amp;D tests and experiments on site in data center</li>
<li>Troubleshoot and resolve complex system issues related to GPUs, networking (InfiniBand, NVLink), PCIe, and server infrastructure.</li>
<li>Conduct deep investigations into hardware, software, and networking problems to ensure optimal system performance and reliability.</li>
<li>Participate in development of tests and test methodologies for advanced GPU, InfiniBand, and Compute systems to benchmark and validate performance.</li>
<li>Collaborate with cross-functional teams to improve system performance and reliability.</li>
<li>Monitor system performance and continuously fine-tune configurations for maximum efficiency</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Required Skills &amp; Qualifications:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Strong knowledge of modern server architecture, especially in high-performance GPU-based environments.</li>
<li>Hands-on experience with GPUs, Network, NVLink, and PCIe.</li>
<li>Proficient in Linux systems, with expertise in Python and Bash scripting for automation.</li>
<li>Demonstrated ability to troubleshoot complex system issues, including hardware, software, and networking problems.</li>
<li>Experience with deep problem investigation, root cause analysis, and resolving performance issues in cloud-based or high-performance computing environments.</li>
<li>Strong analytical and problem-solving skills, with a focus on optimizing system performance.</li>
<li>Basic electronics modification by soldering and wiring</li>
</ul>
<p><strong data-stringify-type="bold">It will be an added bonus if you have:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Knowledge of the Linux kernel and experience with kernel-level troubleshooting.</li>
<li>Familiarity with electronic measurement equipment: oscilloscope, multimeter.&nbsp;</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>What we offer</strong>&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>Competitive salary and comprehensive benefits package.</li>
<li>Opportunities for professional growth within Nebius.</li>
<li>Flexible working arrangements.</li>
<li>A dynamic and collaborative work environment that values initiative and innovation.</li>
</ul>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">We’re growing and expanding our products every day. If you’re up to the challenge and are excited about AI and ML as much as we are, join us!</span></p></div>