<h2><strong>Senior Manager, Price &amp; Discount Strategy</strong></h2>
<p>At HelloFresh, we want to change the way people eat forever by offering our customers high quality food and recipes for different meal occasions. Over the past 10 years, we've seen this mission spread around the world and beyond our wildest dreams. Now, we are a global food solutions group and the world's leading meal kit company, active in 17 countries across 3 continents. So, how did we do it? Our weekly boxes full of exciting recipes and fresh ingredients have blossomed into a community of customers looking for delicious, healthy and sustainable options. The HelloFresh Group now includes our core brand, HelloFresh, as well as: Factor, GreenChef, EveryPlate, Chef's Plate, and Youfoodz.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>We’re hiring a Sr. Manager in our Global Reactivations Center of Excellence within the Global Pricing &amp; Benefits Team, owning both the strategy and execution of our reactivations roadmap across our International markets (3 brands in 14 markets). Partnering closely with local market leadership, tech, marketing and more, you will set and execute upon strategic priorities, identify opportunities to optimize our current approach, and bring new incentives and benefits to life - incubating, testing, and scaling across markets.&nbsp;</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>Typical challenges you’ll solve include:</p>
<ul>
<li>How can we reactivate customers more cost-efficiently?</li>
<li>How can we design incentives that encourage customers to spend more with HelloFresh?</li>
<li>How do we personalise discounts for our customers manually and using ML models?</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<h2><strong>What you'll do</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li><strong>International Reactivation Strategy:</strong> Lead the strategic adaptation and execution of our reactivation roadmap across our International markets, ensuring alignment with the Global CoE best practices and overarching discount strategy.</li>
<li><strong>Data-Driven Optimization:</strong> Identify opportunities to improve current reactivation strategies through deep-dive analysis, increasing customer lifetime value while balancing top and bottom-line growth.</li>
<li><strong>End-to-End Experimentation:</strong> Own the full AB testing lifecycle—from hypothesis generation and test setup to execution and post-test analysis—to constantly refine our incentive models.</li>
<li><strong>Market Insight &amp; Action:</strong> Monitor performance and competitor landscapes across key international markets, translating global best practices into actionable, localized incentive strategies for cancelled customers.</li>
<li><strong>Global Alignment:</strong> Act as the primary bridge for local market needs and the Global CoE, collaborating with the Global Reactivations Lead to approve and scale high-impact discount strategies.</li>
<li><strong>Knowledge Synthesis:</strong> Develop toolkits and best practices , foster a culture of knowledge sharing across global markets to ensure we are driving value at scale</li>
<li><strong>Strategic Storytelling:</strong> Tell the story behind the numbers, effectively communicating risks, opportunities, and financial implications to senior stakeholders and local leadership.</li>
<li><strong>Cross-Functional Collaboration:</strong> Partner with Growth Strategy, Tech, CRM, Marketing, and Analytics teams to drive short and long-term customer profitability through innovative incentivization.</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>What you’ll bring</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Master’s degree in Business/Management, Business Analytics, Economics, Psychology or any related field from a top tier university</li>
<li>4-6 years of professional experience in pricing strategy, consulting, analytics, or a subscription-based business model</li>
<li>A business background with a strong understanding of customer experience frameworks</li>
<li>Strong analytical skills and advanced command of Excel; SQL is a plus</li>
<li>Extensive experience devising and measuring the effectiveness of discount strategies (including AB testing), with a proven track record from other data-rich business environments</li>
<li>Analytical experience working with digital business models and collaborating with tech &amp; marketing departments&nbsp;</li>
<li>Outstanding written and verbal communication skills with a proven ability to lead effective meetings and presentations with senior management</li>
<li>Proven track record of end-to-end project ownership in a fast-paced environment</li>
<li>A pragmatic, hands-on mentality to drive towards impact</li>
<li>Extreme attention to detail to ensure analysis accuracy</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>What we offer</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li><em>Modern and comfortable working space with great co-workers in Berlin-Kreuzberg</em></li>
<li><em>Discount for HelloFresh boxes and Convini products</em></li>
<li><em>Development possibilities along with internal trainings and a yearly Learning &amp; Development budget</em></li>
<li><em>&nbsp;</em><em>Flexible working hours including Work From Home/Work from Abroad/Sabbatical Policy, as well as a home office set up budget&nbsp;</em></li>
<li><em>Extensive Onboarding and Buddy Program </em></li>
<li><em>Social events including team events, Friday beers, company runs, book club, etc.</em></li>
<li><em>Discounted fitness offers with our Urban Sports Club and John Reed partners and yoga classes</em></li>
<li><em>Well-being initiatives in cooperation with Headspace and Spill</em></li>
<li><em>Childcare and company pension scheme benefit </em></li>
<li><em>Monthly transportation budget via NAVIT</em></li>
</ul>
<h2><strong><em>&nbsp;</em></strong></h2>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<h2>&nbsp;</h2>