<div class="content-intro"><h2><strong>About Starburst</strong></h2>
<p>Starburst is the data platform for analytics, applications, and AI, unifying data across clouds and on-premises to accelerate AI innovation. Organizations—from startups to Fortune 500 enterprises in 60+ countries—rely on Starburst for fast data access, seamless collaboration, and enterprise-grade governance on an open hybrid data lakehouse. Wherever data lives, Starburst unlocks its full potential, powering data and AI from development to deployment. By future-proofing data architecture, Starburst helps businesses fuel innovation with AI.</p></div><h4><strong>About the role:</strong></h4>
<p>We are looking for a Senior Manager, Sales Development EMEA in London! Are you passionate about coaching &amp; developing young sales professionals into future AE’s and leaders? In this role, you will not only hire, coach, train and mentor SDRs but you will also partner cross functionally with marketing, sales, enablement, and operations with the main goal to drive pipeline generation and revenue for the business. This position reports directly to the GM / SVP Sales EMEA.</p>
<h4><strong>As a Manager of Sales Development at Starburst you will</strong>:&nbsp;</h4>
<ul>
<li>Oversee the day to day efforts of an SDR team located in London.</li>
<li>Lead Daily SDR Huddle &amp; Daily Office hours to provide coaching to SDRs.</li>
<li>Holds weekly 1:1 with each SDR team member</li>
<li>Review call recordings weekly to spot trends and give feedback</li>
<li>Drive sales team culture through proper expectation and constant reinforcement</li>
<li>Diligently and accurately tracks all stats and data pertaining to the SDR team</li>
<li>Ensures each SDR is managing their MQLs efficiently and effectively</li>
<li>Ensures that all SDRs properly use CRM and the rest of the SDR tech stack</li>
<li>Contribute to short and long-term organizational planning and strategies as they pertain to the SDR Team and GTM areas for improvement</li>
<li>Assists in HR tasks such as determining hiring/firing needs, interviewing employees, overseeing the assignment of employees, planning staff development, creating/improving onboarding, training of SDR’s, and managing time card approvals</li>
<li>Maintains vigilance of emerging patterns of feedback from prospects&nbsp;</li>
<li>Identify areas for automation and AI integration as it pertains to the Sales Department and present suggested changes</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Some of the things we look for:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Available for a hybrid in the London office&nbsp;</li>
<li class="gmail-whitespace-normal gmail-break-words gmail-pl-2">Proven track record selling into enterprise data, analytics, or related technology spaces</li>
<li>Able to make autonomous decisions</li>
<li>2+ years of SDR B2B sales experience as a top individual performer&nbsp;</li>
<li>4+ years of prior experience managing a team of SDRs&nbsp;</li>
<li>Passionate about coaching, training and team management</li>
<li>Fearless attitude and ability to lead by example</li>
<li>Ability to organize and make sense of data to make data driven sales decisions:</li>
<li>Detail-oriented, with excellent written and oral communication skills</li>
<li>Mentoring skills - ability to identify strengths and gaps, and develop strategies for continual improvement. Motivated by helping people grow</li>
<li>Able to work across the organization with a diverse team</li>
<li>Able to adapt to changes quickly</li>
<li>Experience implementing a multi-layer tech stack for outreach</li>
<li>BA in Business and/or Sales &amp; Marketing experience preferred</li>
</ul>
<h4><strong>Where could this role be based?</strong></h4>
<ul>
<li>This role is based in our London office and follows a hybrid model, with an expectation of being onsite 4 days per week.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong><em>Ability to Travel</em></strong><em>: </em>This role will require 25% in-person travel for purposes including but not limited to new hire onboarding, team and department offsites, customer engagements, and other company events. Actual travel expectations may vary by role and business needs.</p><div class="content-conclusion"><h2><strong>Build your career at Starburst</strong></h2>
<p>All-Stars have the opportunity and freedom to realize their true potential. By building alongside top talent, we’re empowered to take ownership of our careers and drive meaningful change. Anchored in industry-proven technology and unprecedented success, All-Stars are taking on the challenge everyday to disrupt our industry – &nbsp;and the future.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Our global workforce is supported by a competitive Total Rewards program that reflects our commitment to a rewarding and supportive work environment. This includes a variety of benefits like competitive pay, attractive stock grants, flexible paid time off, and more.&nbsp;</p>
<p>We are committed to fostering an intentional, inclusive, and diverse culture that drives deep engagement, authentic belonging, and an exceptional All-Star experience. We believe that diversity of thought, perspective, background and experience will enable us to own what we do, drive our success and empower our All-Stars to show up authentically.</p>
<p>Starburst provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any type without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state<br>&nbsp;or local laws.</p></div>