<div class="content-intro"><p>Intercom is the AI Customer Service company on a mission to help businesses provide incredible customer experiences.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Our AI agent Fin, the most advanced customer service AI agent on the market, lets businesses deliver always-on, impeccable customer service and ultimately transform their customer experiences for the better. Fin can also be combined with our Helpdesk to become a complete solution called the Intercom Customer Service Suite, which provides AI enhanced support for the more complex or high touch queries that require a human agent.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Founded in 2011 and trusted by nearly 30,000 global businesses, Intercom is setting the new standard for customer service. Driven by our core values, we push boundaries, build with speed and intensity, and consistently deliver incredible value to our customers.</p></div><p>Intercom is the AI Customer Service company on a mission to help businesses provide incredible customer experiences.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Our AI agent Fin, the most advanced customer service AI agent on the market, lets businesses deliver always-on, impeccable customer service and ultimately transform their customer experiences for the better. Fin can also be combined with our Helpdesk to become a complete solution called the Intercom Customer Service Suite, which provides AI enhanced support for the more complex or high touch queries that require a human agent.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Founded in 2011 and trusted by over 30,000 global businesses, Intercom is setting the new standard for customer service. Driven by our core values, we push boundaries, build with speed and intensity, and consistently deliver incredible value to our customers.</p>
<h3><strong>What’s the opportunity?</strong></h3>
<p>We’re hiring an <strong>Engineering Manager</strong> for our <strong>AI Models Infrastructure Team</strong> in the <strong>AI Group</strong>. The AI Models Infrastructure team builds and operates the foundational infrastructure that empowers our teams to train and run Intercom’s own AI models.</p>
<p>This is a <strong>highly technical EM role</strong> - you’ll lead a team of expert engineers in a fast-evolving technical domain. In order to empower this team to be most effective, you will need prior experience in AI, and the appetite to continually invest in deepening your technical knowledge.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Learn more about Intercom’s engineering culture at<a href="https://intercom.engineering"> intercom.engineering</a>, and more about Fin at <a href="http://fin.ai">fin.ai</a>.</p>
<h3><strong>What will I be doing?</strong></h3>
<p>You will:</p>
<ul>
<li><strong>Lead a high-performing team</strong> building the platform and infrastructure that power Intercom’s AI capabilities.</li>
<li><strong>Magnify the team’s effectiveness</strong>, whether that means removing impediments, or finding ways to accelerate their progress.</li>
<li><strong>Support teams of ML Scientists and Engineers </strong>building AI powered capabilities<strong>.</strong></li>
<li><strong>Plan, prioritize, and deliver</strong> high-impact roadmaps in partnership with the team’s most senior engineers, balancing delivery, quality, and innovation.</li>
<li><strong>Empower the engineers on the team to act with agency and maximize their impact.</strong></li>
<li><strong>Expand your scope over time</strong>, potentially taking ownership of additional platform domains as the team and AI initiatives grow.</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>What skills do I need?</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Experience training ML models and operating them in production, at scale.</li>
<li>Experience leading infra or platform teams.</li>
<li>Strong prior experience working as an engineer.</li>
<li>Strong technical judgment and communication skills, enabling you to advocate for the team’s needs</li>
<li>Adaptable leadership style suited to a group that will grow quickly, and change shape over time.</li>
<li>Curiosity and enthusiasm for AI.</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Benefits</strong></h2>
<p>We are a well treated bunch, with awesome benefits! If there’s something important to you that’s not on this list, talk to us!&nbsp;</p>
<p>#LI-Hybrid</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>Policies&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>Intercom has a hybrid working policy. We believe that working in person helps us stay connected, collaborate easier and create a great culture while still providing flexibility to work from home. We expect employees to be in the office at least three days per week.</p>
<p>We have a radically open and accepting culture at Intercom. We avoid spending time on divisive subjects to foster a safe and cohesive work environment for everyone. As an organization, our policy is to not advocate on behalf of the company or our employees on any social or political topics out of our internal or external communications. We respect personal opinion and expression on these topics on personal social platforms on personal time, and do not challenge or confront anyone for their views on non-work related topics. Our goal is to focus on doing incredible work to achieve our goals and unite the company through our <a href="https://www.intercom.com/careers">core values</a>.&nbsp;&nbsp;</p>
<p>Intercom values diversity and is committed to a policy of Equal Employment Opportunity. Intercom will not discriminate against an applicant or employee on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, national origin, ancestry, sex, gender, age, physical or mental disability, veteran or military status, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, marital status, or any other legally recognized protected basis under federal, state, or local law.</p></div>