<p><strong>REQ ID: </strong><strong> </strong>FEQ227R246</p>
<p><strong>Location:</strong><strong> </strong>London, UK</p>
<p><strong>Recruiter:</strong> Dina Hussain</p>
<p>At Databricks, our core values are at the heart of everything we do; a culture of proactiveness and a customer-centric mindset guide us to build a unified platform that makes data science and analytics accessible to everyone. We aim to inspire our customers to make informed decisions that push their business forward. We provide a user-friendly and intuitive platform that makes it easy to turn insights into action and fosters a culture of creativity, experimentation, and continuous improvement.&nbsp;</p>
<p>You will be an essential part of this mission, using your technical expertise to demonstrate how our Data Intelligence Platform can help customers solve their complex data challenges. You'll work with a collaborative, customer-focused team that values innovation and creativity, using your skills to create customised solutions to help our customers achieve their goals and guide their businesses forward.&nbsp;</p>
<p>You will engage with our largest and most complex customers across the region to advise them on adopting the Databricks Data Intelligence Platform, in collaboration with a world-class, cross-functional team of Solutions Architects, Account Executives, and technology Specialists. You will work closely with a small group of customers and their account teams to help them respond to key business opportunities and challenges.</p>
<p>Join us in our quest to change how people work with data and make a better world!</p>
<p><strong>The impact you will have:</strong>&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>Engage with some of Databricks’ most complex customers to help them achieve their unified platform goals.</li>
<li>Develop and execute customer engagement strategies in partnership with the Account Executives and Solutions Architects in your designated accounts.</li>
<li>You will coach core account teams and peers on positioning, adoption strategies and execution to achieve your outcomes in a defined timeline.</li>
<li>You will influence stakeholders at all levels through complex engagements with the wider cloud ecosystem and 3rd-party applications, ensuring they are excited about the Databricks vision and solution strategy.</li>
<li>Be a 'champion’ for both customers and colleagues, operating as an expert solution architect and trusted advisor for significant data analytics architecture, design, and adoption of the Databricks Lakehouse platform.</li>
<li>Contribute to Databricks' technical community engagement by developing customer-facing collateral and leading workshops, seminars, and meet-ups.</li>
<li>Opportunity to continue your development in one of four tracks - technical specialisation, industry vertical thought leadership, strategic customer vision, and people management.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>What we look for:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Know how to engage in complex customer interactions and sales lifecycle in a technical pre-sales capacity.</li>
<li>You will have a technical background in Data Engineering or Data Warehousing (DWH) or a Machine Learning/AI background&nbsp;</li>
<li>You will be working with our <span style="text-decoration: underline;"><strong>Utilities customers</strong></span>, focusing on establishing the Databricks Data Intelligence Platform as their platform of choice.</li>
<li>You will have a builder mindset, you instinctively prototype, create demos, and craft tailored solutions rather than relying only on slide decks. You turn customer challenges into hands-on proof points that accelerate confidence.</li>
<li>You will enjoy a high degree of autonomy and thrive in working with ambiguous requirements and challenging customer environments.</li>
<li>Ability to influence influential decision-makers and C-level executives through developing relationships and orchestrating teams to achieve long-term success for customers.</li>
<li>Prior experience with coding in a core programming language (i.e., Python or SQL) and willingness to learn a base level of Spark.</li>
<li>Hands-on expertise with complex proofs-of-concept and public cloud platform(s) across AWS, Azure and Google.</li>
<li>Know how to provide technical solutions for specialised customer needs and navigate a competitive landscape.</li>
<li>Nice to have: Databricks Certification</li>
<li>Up to 30-40% travel to London offices and customer sites</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>About Databricks</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-family: arial, sans-serif;">Databricks is the data and AI company. More than 10,000 organizations worldwide — including Comcast, Condé Nast, Grammarly, and over 50% of the Fortune 500 — rely on the Databricks Data Intelligence Platform to unify and democratize data, analytics and AI. Databricks is headquartered in San Francisco, with offices around the globe and was founded by the original creators of Lakehouse, Apache Spark™, Delta Lake and MLflow. To learn more, follow Databricks on&nbsp;<span style="color: rgb(255, 54, 33);"><a style="color: rgb(255, 54, 33);" href="https://twitter.com/databricks" target="\_blank" data-saferedirecturl="https://www.google.com/url?q=https://twitter.com/databricks&amp;source=gmail&amp;ust=1700237575733000&amp;usg=AOvVaw03FL8fJvOD97ytN02f5G2C">Twitter</a>,&nbsp;<a style="color: rgb(255, 54, 33);" href="https://www.linkedin.com/company/databricks" target="\_blank" data-saferedirecturl="https://www.google.com/url?q=https://www.linkedin.com/company/databricks&amp;source=gmail&amp;ust=1700237575733000&amp;usg=AOvVaw15dLk3q8VxTfHEgCUg7NSt">LinkedIn</a>&nbsp;<span style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0);">and</span>&nbsp;<a style="color: rgb(255, 54, 33);" href="https://www.facebook.com/databricksinc" target="\_blank" data-saferedirecturl="https://www.google.com/url?q=https://www.facebook.com/databricksinc&amp;source=gmail&amp;ust=1700237575733000&amp;usg=AOvVaw39EcncitnlqV72EG2-RqXJ">Facebook</a></span>.<br><br><strong>Benefits<br><br></strong></span>At Databricks, we strive to provide comprehensive benefits and perks that meet the needs of all of our employees. For specific details on the benefits offered in your region click <a href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/154un3e8Xav4BceOSlcYFZRGEuQI54xMxVydRwQn54eQ/edit?usp=sharing">here</a>.<br><br></p>
<p><strong>Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion</strong></p>
<p>At Databricks, we are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive culture where everyone can excel. We take great care to ensure that our hiring practices are inclusive and meet equal employment opportunity standards. Individuals looking for employment at Databricks are considered without regard to age, color, disability, ethnicity, family or marital status, gender identity or expression, language, national origin, physical and mental ability, political affiliation, race, religion, sexual orientation, socio-economic status, veteran status, and other protected characteristics.</p>
<p><strong>Compliance</strong></p>
<p><strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">If access to export-controlled technology or source code is required for performance of job duties, it is within Employer's discretion whether to apply for a U.S. government license for such positions, and Employer may decline to proceed with an applicant on this basis alone.</span></strong></p></div>