**About Agicap:**

Created in Lyon in 2016 by three French entrepreneurs, Agicap is one of the fastest scale-ups in Europe, with over 8000 customers, 600 employees and fast revenue growth (7x between 2021 and 2024). Agicap is part of the FT120, rewarding the most promising startups in France.

Agicap allows CEOs and Finance teams of SMBs and Mid-Market companies to efficiently manage and forecast their cash flow, pay their suppliers and get paid.

Cash is King, and Agicap fundamentally reshapes the way companies manage one of their greatest pain points.

Our ambition is to become the global financial management solution for SMEs and Mid-Market companies worldwide.

We have raised €145M since our creation, with prestigious VC funds including AVP, Greenoaks, Partech and BlackFin, with a last round in November 2024.

These additional resources further fuel our product innovation, allowing us to grow significantly the team by welcoming new talents and accelerating our international expansion across Europe.

We believe our success comes from our highly passionate and dedicated teams, committed to building a company where people can grow and build their careers. We are constantly looking for great talents, aiming for excellence and ready to join our ambitious

adventure!

[**Home page**](https://agicap.com/en/)

[**Customer Stories**](https://agicap.com/en/clients/)

[**Our Values**](https://career.agicap.com/article/working-at-agicap/)

**About the Account Executive - Mid-Market role:**

In daily collaboration with the Business Development team, Outbound SDR, Inbound SDR, and Partnership Managers, your mission will be to generate new business by acquiring new logos.

As a Mid Market Account Executive at Agicap, you will be responsible for driving sales and expanding our customer base within the mid-market segment. You will play a crucial role in identifying new business opportunities, building relationships with potential clients, and closing deals to achieve your sales targets.

## You will be responsible for:

- Defining and implementing a sectoral development strategy with your SDRs
- Identifying and targeting Mid-Market companies that could benefit from Agicap’s financial management solutions
- Conducting product demonstrations and presentations to showcase the value of Agicap’s offerings
- Developing and maintaining a robust sales pipeline through prospecting, networking, and referrals
- Building and nurturing relationships with key stakeholders and decision-makers within target organisations
- Negotiating contracts and closing sales to meet or exceed quarterly and annual sales targetsStaying informed about industry developments, competitor activities, and market trendsRegularly monitoring and analysing your performance with Management to identify areas for improvement
- Providing feedback to the Marketing, Business Development, and Product teams to improve processes and the product
- Sharing your commercial expertise and good ideas to enhance the team’s performance

## What we are looking for:

- Native/Bilingual level in English
- 4+ years of experience in B2B Sales, preferably in the SaaS industry and with mid-market space, and with some experience working in a finance department/audit/consulting/TS
- Studies background in a top business or Engineering school
- A passion for sales and a proven track record of meeting and exceeding targets
- A tenacious, resilient salesperson who never gives up and is driven by results
- Someone who can put themselves in the shoes of business leaders to understand their current and future cash flow needs
- Strong analytical and synthesis skills, excellent verbal communication, and a high level of intellectual curiosity
- Great ambition, with the drive to meet and even exceed objectives
- A strong business acumen and above-average interpersonal skills
- A team spirit and a desire to share knowledge, helping colleagues grow

## 12 Reasons to Join Agicap as an AE:

- Be part of a new milestone: you’ll be the **third AE for the UK market based**, working closely with a **newly formed SDR team** to help us launch a high-potential market.
- Exceptional product-market fit, confirmed by our latest funding round:
- Crucial need → cash = the lifeblood of business, top priority for CFOs (PwC)
- Strongly differentiated solution, leader in Europe (G2)
- Gigantic market: over 100k companies in Europe, not to mention the US
- Unique company culture: meritocracy, high standards, continuous learning, European scale-up (>50% revenue outside France)
- Opportunities for functional and geographical growth
- Strong financial situation
- Team of rockstars, friendly and skilled
- A growth engine of a large Outbound SDR team, Inbound & Partner leads to help you scale fast!
- Competitive package with uncapped commissions!

## Some of our other perks:

- 25 days of paid leaves/year plus 8 days of bank holidays
- 100£ gross meal allowance/month on Payslip
- 30£ Gym reimbursement
- New office space in the city center
- You will work with state-of-the-art work equipment, including a MacBook & iPhone.
- Attractive compensation based on your performance - with uncapped commissions!
- A demanding, empowering, and highly educational entrepreneurial environment with a lot of autonomy
- Daily challenges with CEOs and CFOs mid-sized companies, often in strong growth
- A dynamic work atmosphere and a passionate team, a true team spirit to boost Agicap
- Afterwork events, team lunches, soccer and running, monthly team building activities...
- A clear career path – 30 % of our team was promoted or made a lateral move last year (Hi Margaux, Camilla & Manon!)
- A key moment to join a fast-growing European scale-up (a market leader nominated by GP Bullhound as most likely next Unicorn) & contribute to the creation of our new international hub (opened in April 2023)
- A fun, energetic team where we celebrate with monthly team buildings, regular after-work drinks, off-sites, and an annual global off-site with all Agicapians (last event was in Chamonix-Mont-Blanc)

**HOW DO YOU BECOME PART OF THE TEAM?**

Our interview process takes an average of 2 weeks and generally consists of

- First meeting with the Talent Acquisition team

- A role play or case study with the respective department

- Final round with management (and sometimes C-level decision-maker)

A transparent and fast process is a top priority for us - we therefore endeavour to respond to all applications within **48 hours**.

At Agicap, we believe that true innovation thrives in an environment where everyone feels valued and included. We’re committed to building a diverse team that reflects the variety of perspectives in our world. If you’re excited about this role but don’t meet every requirement, don’t let that stop you from applying - we want to hear from you! We welcome applications from all backgrounds. Join us in creating a workplace of inclusiveness.

**See you soon, your Agicap team!**