**At Nord Security’s B2B team, we build cybersecurity products that enable businesses to protect themselves and their data.**

From product and engineering to sales, marketing, and data — our teams work closely together to deliver secure, scalable solutions trusted by companies around the world.

**Your impact?** Empowering businesses everywhere to keep their people, systems, and data safe.

The **B2B Commercial Team** is the engine driving Nord Security’s growth in the corporate cybersecurity sector.

Our focus is on strategic partnerships and integrations. Engaging with clients and delivering impactful business solutions that secure their digital presence – this is what fuels our drive and success.

## Main Responsibilities

- Develop and maintain strong relationships with key customers to understand their business needs and objectives;
- Provide ongoing account management and sales support to the existing customer base to ensure their retention;
- Identify and pursue new sales opportunities within existing accounts;
- Keep customers informed about product updates, new features, and enhancements;
- Manage customer relationship data effectively within the CRM system (e.g.., Salesforce);
- Collaborate cross-functionally with other departments to ensure customer success and satisfaction;
- Document processes, customer interactions, and best practices to ensure knowledge sharing and consistency;
- Contribute to the continuous improvement of customer engagement strategies and initiatives.

## Core Requirements

- Strong knowledge of customer relationship management and sales principles;
- Proven experience in a B2B or sales environment, preferably in technology or SaaS sectors;
- Excellent written and verbal communication skills in English;
- Ability to understand customer needs, deliver value, and build long-term partnerships;
- Proactive, self-motivated, and capable of identifying upsell and cross-sell opportunities of different B2B products;
- Experience using CRM software (e.g., Salesforce) is a plus;
- Strong organizational and time management skills.

## Bonus Points For

- Experience working with B2B SaaS products;
- Familiarity with the full sales cycle and account management processes;
- Understanding of business and technical aspects of SaaS solutions;
- Ability to thrive in a team-oriented and collaborative setting.

## Salary Range

- Gross Salary 2,500- 4,200 EUR/Month. The bonuses will be paid based on the results achieved.

**What We Offer**

**Innovate with industry leaders**

Work alongside global experts to build world-leading cybersecurity tools, impacting millions of users around the world.

**Learn & grow**

Boost your skills via our extensive training programs (online and offline) & other resources. Benefit from mentorship and career-switch opportunities to grow within the company.

**Work in a next-gen Cyber City office**

Thrive in our bustling office, featuring ergonomic workspaces, modern meeting rooms, engaging events, and specialty coffee to fuel your day.

**Hybrid work**

Enjoy the flexibility with 3 office days and working from home for the remaining 2.

**Work from anywhere**

Recharge with a change of scenery – choose work from any location when you feel a need to power your creativity and drive.

**Physical well-being**

Boost your health with free-of-charge 24/7 gym access, onsite and online workouts, and consultations led by in-house Physical Well-Being experts.

**Mental & emotional health**

Nurture your mind with free psychologist consultations, dedicated mental health events, and premium access to top-rated wellness apps like Calm, Headspace, and Mindletic.

**Premium healthcare**

Receive private health insurance giving you peace of mind for your health needs.

**Extra days off**

Enjoy additional vacation days off as you grow with us. Plus, get extra days for sick leave, special occasions, or parenting needs.

**Joyful moments – special treats**

Celebrate life’s big moments with special gifts from us on your birthday, anniversary, and other major events, such as weddings or the arrival of a new family member.

**Company events & team-building**

Experience iconic Nord Security celebrations, team-buildings, and knowledge-sharing events, nurturing bonds that fuel our success.

**Workation**

Embark on a legendary company getaway abroad, filled with exciting activities, live concerts, engaging workshops, and epic time together.

*Kindly refer to our Privacy Notice for Recruitment Candidates for comprehensive information regarding our data handling procedures throughout recruitment processes:* <https://bit.ly/40GWyjL>

*We expect all candidates to provide accurate and complete information during the recruitment process. While limited use of AI tools to refine application materials is acceptable, candidates remain fully responsible for ensuring that their submissions reflect their own qualifications, skills, and experience. Any failure to do so may negatively affect participation in the recruitment process. If broader AI assistance is allowed for a particular role or stage, we’ll let you know in advance.*

*By submitting your application, you acknowledge that it may be processed using automated tools for evaluation purposes. As part of our recruitment process, we may use an AI-based application review tool to help assess applications based on skills and experience relevant to the role. This technology is used to support - not replace - human decision-making, and every application is ultimately reviewed by a recruiter.*

*If you would like more information about how AI is used in this process or wish to exercise your rights under applicable data privacy laws, please contact us at [privacy@nordaccount.com](mailto:privacy@nordaccount.com). Should you prefer to opt out of the automated evaluation, please submit your application directly to [career@nordsec.com](mailto:career@nordsec.com).*