<h2><strong>Who we are</strong></h2>
<h3><strong>About Stripe</strong></h3>
<p>Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies - from the world’s largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups - use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyone's reach while doing the most important work of your career.</p>
<h3><strong>About the Team&nbsp;</strong></h3>
<p><strong>Verification &amp; Identity Platform (VIP) team</strong> is a core platform team which powers user onboarding &amp; verification (KYC &amp; KYB) worldwide &amp; ensures continued compliance throughout the merchant life-cycle at Stripe. Our team safeguards user identities across our array of digital services, designing and executing a secure, effortless, and user-centered identity collection &amp; verification environment. Our efforts cover a broad spectrum of identity confirming scenarios, including identity proofing, risk-based, and adaptive verification technology. We provide an in-house smart orchestration eco system which allows us to integrate with multiple 3P data verification services, financial institutions and regulatory bodies to build accuracy, reliability and speed to verify accounts &amp; businesses. We enable Stripe's continued compliance in an ever-evolving regulatory landscape by providing infrastructure that automates document collection, verification &amp; merchant communication for high scale requirements refresh and accounts remediation programs.</p>
<h2><strong>What you’ll do</strong></h2>
<p><strong>Responsibilities:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Define the strategy and roadmap for all risk user experiences post-onboarding</li>
<li>Drive collaboration across Stripe and external partners to deliver delightful, high performing end-to-end risk journeys&nbsp;&nbsp;</li>
<li>Act as the voice of the user in product and API designs, gathering direct feedback from customers and internal stakeholders</li>
<li>Work with engineering, design, and go-to-market teams on designing a personalized and scalable onboarding experience</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Who you are</strong></h2>
<p>We're looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.</p>
<h3><strong>Minimum requirements</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>8+ years in Product Management, specifically in delivering exceptional user experiences for complex and technical products.</li>
<li>Experience managing technical software products from kick-off to ship</li>
<li>Consistent track record of leading ambitious and ambiguous 0-to-1 projects</li>
<li>Strong stakeholder management including navigating difficult situations, negotiating timelines, and influencing internal and external stakeholders across organizations and borders</li>
<li>Strong communications skills - you can summarize and express complex requirements in an accessible and precise manner</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>Preferred Qualifications</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>
<ul>
<li>Experience in the B2B SaaS industry.</li>
<li>Familiarity with compliance and financial services regulation.</li>
<li>Track record of working on growth-focused teams, especially with experimentation.</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>