<div class="content-intro"><p>Figma is growing our team of passionate creatives and builders on a mission to make design accessible to all. Figma’s platform helps teams bring ideas to life—whether you're brainstorming, creating a prototype, translating designs into code, or iterating with AI. From idea to product, Figma empowers teams to streamline workflows, move faster, and work together in real time from anywhere in the world. If you're excited to shape the future of design and collaboration, join us!</p></div><div class="section page-centered">
<p>As a full-cycle recruiter, you will play a crucial part in continuing to scale and develop the EMEA Figmate population as we enter an exciting new chapter. You will build incredible candidate experiences, run end to end hiring processes, and own the way in crafting a pipeline of top talent. You’ll have the ability to take the lead on key initiatives and inspire change.&nbsp; As a&nbsp; key member of our growing international recruiting team, you’ll be able to drive a significant contribution to impacting the future state of Figma.</p>
<p>This is a full time role that can be held from our London hub on a hybrid basis.&nbsp;</p>
<h4><strong>What you’ll do at Figma:</strong></h4>
<ul>
<li>Run full-cycle recruiting processes for our Business and Go-to-Market teams</li>
<li>Partner with business stakeholders and executives across global Teams, but with a primary focus on EMEA</li>
<li>Source and build a healthy, representative pipelines whilst also effectively managing inbound pipelines</li>
<li>Employ data to advise your hiring strategy and are able to articulate these insights to your partners in order to influence and drive positive change</li>
<li>Develop and create sourcing strategies to engage passive talent including, but not limited to: cold outreach, events, and content production</li>
<li>Be a champion of the Figma values and ensure these are at the forefront of your work</li>
<li>Seek opportunities to actively contribute to business improvement, which in turn improves our overarching hiring strategy</li>
<li>Orchestrate initiatives relating to belonging, equity, and inclusion (BEI)</li>
</ul>
<h4><strong>We'd love to hear from you if you have:</strong></h4>
<ul>
<li>7+ years experience in full-cycle recruiting in a high growth business with a presence across the EMEA region partnering with VP level stakeholders</li>
<li>Knowledge of the SaaS / scaling Tech landscape and who our competitors in this space may be</li>
<li>Excellent communication, in all formats and able to adapt communication style based upon audience</li>
<li>Passion for engaging and bring top talent to your work space, able to share this passion to get talent excited about new prospects / opportunities</li>
<li>Sophisticated approach to developing a hiring strategy, including, but not limited to: sourcing, representative talent attraction, stakeholder engagement / management</li>
</ul>
<h4><strong>While not required, it’s an added plus if you also have:</strong></h4>
<ul>
<li>Direct experience within a SaaS company</li>
<li>Experience hiring into JAPAC and ANZ regions</li>
<li>Fluency in French or German</li>
</ul>
<div class="section page-centered">At Figma, one of our values is Grow as you go. We believe in hiring smart, curious people who are excited to learn and develop their skills. If you’re excited about this role but your past experience doesn’t align perfectly with the points outlined in the job description, we encourage you to apply anyways. You may be just the right candidate for this or other roles.</div>
</div><div class="content-conclusion"><p>At Figma we celebrate and support our differences. We know employing a team rich in diverse thoughts, experiences, and opinions allows our employees, our product and our community to flourish. Figma is an <a href="https://www.eeoc.gov/sites/default/files/2022-10/EEOC\_KnowYourRights\_screen\_reader\_10\_20.pdf">equal opportunity workplace</a> - we are dedicated to equal employment opportunities regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity/expression, veteran status<strong>, </strong>or any other characteristic protected by law. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements.</p>
<p>We will work to ensure individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to apply for a role, participate in the interview process, perform essential job functions, and receive other benefits and privileges of employment. If you require accommodation, please reach out to <a href="mailto:accommodations-ext@figma.com">accommodations-ext@figma.com</a>. These modifications enable an individual with a disability to have an equal opportunity not only to get a job, but successfully perform their job tasks to the same extent as people without disabilities.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Examples of accommodations include but are not limited to:&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>Holding interviews in an accessible location</li>
<li>Enabling closed captioning on video conferencing</li>
<li>Ensuring all written communication be compatible with screen readers</li>
<li>Changing the mode or format of interviews&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p>To ensure the integrity of our hiring process and facilitate a more personal connection, we require all candidates keep their cameras on during video interviews. Additionally, if hired you will be required to attend in person onboarding.</p>
<p>By applying for this job, the candidate acknowledges and agrees that any personal data contained in their application or supporting materials will be processed in accordance with <a class="c-link c-link--underline" href="https://www.figma.com/legal/candidate-privacy-notice/" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://www.figma.com/legal/candidate-privacy-notice/" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">Figma's Candidate Privacy Notice</a>.</p></div>