<div class="content-intro"><p><strong>About Mixpanel</strong></p>
<p>Mixpanel turns data clarity into innovation. Trusted by more than 29,000 companies, including Workday, Pinterest, LG, and Rakuten Viber, Mixpanel’s AI-first digital analytics help teams accelerate adoption, improve retention, and ship with confidence. Powering this is an industry-leading platform that combines product and web analytics, session replay, experimentation, feature flags, and metric trees. Mixpanel delivers insights that customers trust. Visit <a href="mixpanel.com" target="\_blank">mixpanel.com</a> to learn more.</p></div><p><strong>About the Sales Team</strong></p>
<p>Our Sales team manages the entire sales cycle, helping prospects and existing customers leverage Mixpanel to analyze, measure, and improve their customer experience. The team consists of two roles - Account Executives who bring in new business and Account Managers responsible for nurturing existing customers. The team specifically covers companies with employee sizes from 1-200, emphasizing high-growth tech companies changing the world around us.</p>
<p><strong>About Mixpanel in Israel</strong></p>
<p>Mixpanel is the best-known and most respected Digital Analytics platform in Israel. With hundreds of paying customers from Israel, from the entire spectrum of industries, we are proud to work with some of the largest and most fascinating customers that have come out of Israel in recent years, including Viber, eToro, Taboola, Fiverr, Monday.com, and many more. The Israeli market represents one of Mixpanel’s most exciting markets, with a concentration of Tier 1 tech and start-ups and a high focus on VCs. We have witnessed a high level of growth in the Israeli market since we put a team on the ground in November 2021.&nbsp; For this reason, we are looking to add a Sales representative in the territory.&nbsp; This Sales representative will work under the direction of our Country Manager in Israel and be part of a team on the ground in Tel Aviv.</p>
<p><strong>About the Role</strong></p>
<p>As an Account Executive II, you'll help our future customers understand the power of Mixpanel as the best-in-class digital analytics solution in targeted markets: Greece, Cyprus, Gibraltar, and Malta. Collaboration is critical, from building solid relationships with prospects and key stakeholders to working with internal cross-functional partners like Solutions Engineering to win together as one team. You'll leverage your prospecting skills selling SaaS to tech companies alongside solid knowledge of Mixpanel's product and ecosystem to close new business, powering the next generation of innovative companies in these fast-growing European markets.</p>
<p><strong>Responsibilities</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Half of your time will be spent closing new business opportunities, and half of your time will be spent developing a pipeline into stage two opportunities.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Prospect into specific targeted accounts — build and maintain a pipeline while owning the sales cycle from start to finish.</li>
<li>Drive awareness of Mixpanel as a solution within the marketplace and handle inbound requests from interested prospects.</li>
<li>Maintains accurate Salesforce records related to New Business opportunities and delivers accurate weekly forecasts related to revenue targets.</li>
<li>Approach all deals with a customer-focused mentality. Develop relationships and uncover the needs of multiple key stakeholders to find value moments.</li>
<li>Sell with a long-term consultative approach.</li>
<li>Collaborate cross-functionally with key partners such as Solutions Engineering, Customer Success, Product, Marketing, and Legal.</li>
<li>Intimately understand Mixpanel's competition and technology partners to consult customers on our place in the broader analytics market.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>We're Looking For Someone Who Has</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Minimum two years of related experience in full-cycle SaaS Sales from prospect to close, as an Account Executive or related cross-functional role like Sales Engineer.</li>
<li>Strong outbound prospector and have successfully closed net new business deals.</li>
<li>Effective communicator and collaborator — you have strong interpersonal skills and are an excellent team player.</li>
<li>Adaptability — you understand that change is constant and embrace it.</li>
<li>Agility and resilience — you move quickly and encourage continued improvement.<br>Strong work ethic, desire to learn, and a drive to excel.</li>
<li>Curious about the product analytics space.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Bonus Points For</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Experience selling to high-growth tech companies.</li>
<li>Experience with Mixpanel or other analytics tools.</li>
<li>Experience selling in Greece, Cyprus, Gibraltar, Malta</li>
<li>Greek speaker</li>
</ul>
<p>חברת Mixpanel האמריקאית ממשיכה לגדול בישראל ומחפשת לצרף Account Executive לצוות הישראלי בהובלת ה Country Manager שלנו.<br>לחברת Mixpanel אלפי לקוחות בכל העולם ומאות לקוחות בישראל. בין החברות איתם אנו עובדים נמנים חברות רבות ומוצלחת, מכל קשה התעשיות, כגון: Fiverr, Viber, Monday.com, eToro, Coca Cola, IDF, Gett ועוד.<br><br>אנחנו גאים להוביל את תחום ה Product and Selfserve analytics בעולם, עם Growth עצום ופוקוס משמעותי על ישראל כשוק יעד משמעותי, צומח ומצליח מאוד.<br><br>מוזמנים לקרוא את תיאור המשרה, הדרישות - ולהגיש מועמדות.</p>
<p>#LI-Hybrid<br><br></p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>Benefits and Perks</strong><strong><br></strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Comprehensive Medical, Vision, and Dental Care</li>
<li>Mental Wellness Benefit</li>
<li>Generous Vacation Policy &amp; Additional Company Holidays</li>
<li>Enhanced Parental Leave</li>
<li>Volunteer Time Off</li>
<li>Additional US Benefits: Pre-Tax Benefits including 401(K), Wellness Benefit, Holiday Break</li>
</ul>
<p><em>\*please note that benefits and perks for contract positions will vary\*</em></p>
<p><strong>Culture Values</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><strong>Make Bold Bets:</strong> We choose courageous action over comfortable progress.</li>
<li><strong>Innovate with Insight:</strong> We tackle decisions with rigor and judgment - combining data, experience and collective wisdom to drive&nbsp;powerful outcomes.</li>
<li><strong>One Team:</strong> We collaborate across boundaries to achieve far greater impact than any of us could accomplish alone.</li>
<li><strong>Candor with Connection:</strong> We build meaningful relationships that enable honest feedback and direct conversations.</li>
<li><strong>Champion the Customer:</strong> We seek to deeply understand our customers’ needs, ensuring their success is our north star.</li>
<li><strong>Powerful Simplicity:</strong> We find elegant solutions to complex problems, making sophisticated things accessible.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Why choose Mixpanel?</strong></p>
<p>We’re a leader in analytics with over 9,000 customers and $277M raised from prominent investors: like Andreessen-Horowitz, Sequoia, YC, and, most recently, Bain Capital. Mixpanel’s pioneering event-based data analytics platform offers a powerful yet simple solution for companies to understand user behaviors and easily track overarching company success metrics. Our accomplished teams continuously facilitate our expansion by tackling the ever-evolving challenges tied to scaling, reliability, design, and service. Choosing to work at Mixpanel means you’ll be helping the world’s most innovative companies learn from their data so they can make better decisions.</p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Mixpanel is an equal opportunity employer supporting workforce diversity. At Mixpanel, we are focused on things that really matter—our people, our customers, our partners—out of a recognition that those relationships are the most valuable assets we have. We actively encourage women, people with disabilities, veterans, underrepresented minorities, and LGBTQ+ people to apply. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance or other similar laws that may be applicable, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records. We’ve immersed ourselves in our Culture and Values as our guiding principles for the impact we want to have and the future we are building.</span></p></div>