<h2><strong>What we do</strong></h2>
<p>Join a team of passionate and hard working entrepreneurs to transform healthcare! Working in the tech team at Doctolib involves building innovative products and features to improve the daily lives of care teams and patients. We work in feature teams in an agile environment, while collaborating with product, design, and business teams.</p>
<h2><strong>What you'll do</strong></h2>
<p>We are looking for a <strong>Senior Software Engineer</strong>&nbsp;to join the team in our <strong>Milan's tech hub</strong>: your mission will be working on the <strong>Continuity of Care</strong> technology.</p>
<p>You will work with the team to extract the Patient Base Capability from the monolith to an&nbsp;isolated service and to add new functionalities to the doctor-to-patients communication engine.</p>
<p>We're looking for an all round role: you will help build the product with our Product Manager,&nbsp;coding, deploying and working with feedback from users. Here's an idea of your daily schedule:</p>
<ul>
<li>60% on designing and implementing new features, according to the roadmap;</li>
<li>20% on tech tasks (stability, security, technical debt, you name it!);</li>
<li>20% on bug fixes in order to have a healthy platform.</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Who you are</strong></h2>
<p>If you don’t meet all the requirements below but believe this opportunity matches your&nbsp;expectations and experience, we still encourage you to apply!</p>
<ul>
<li>You are comfortable with English, as our team is international;</li>
<li>You have a solid software development experience, with technologies such as Java, Kotlin, Spring Boot, Ruby on Rails. Your main expertise is on the backend - this will be required for the role;</li>
<li>You are familiar and have experience working with large distributed systems.</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>What we offer</strong></h2>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li data-renderer-start-pos="4727" data-local-id="c2bd345b-2410-49ec-bc61-2a1d6a5c5973">Supplementary health insurance, with the option to include family members in your household</li>
<li data-renderer-start-pos="4822" data-local-id="7d253b7d-01c2-473f-bfd3-a2cd73d10881">Partnership for retirement funds with Ciao Elsa</li>
<li data-renderer-start-pos="4873" data-local-id="478e8dcf-d046-44a0-84c3-c776431e04a8">A flexible workplace policy offering both hybrid and office-based mode</li>
<li data-renderer-start-pos="4947" data-local-id="985a8791-127b-4cae-9c1a-18c1dc76eae9">Electronic meal vouchers (8.00€ per worked day), Foorban fridges, and office breakfast</li>
<li data-renderer-start-pos="5037" data-local-id="be1ab975-d1c2-41c3-90de-fcd359720708">Work from abroad for up to 10 days per year thanks to our flexibility days policy</li>
<li data-renderer-start-pos="5122" data-local-id="54c6eb29-56cf-495e-9d7d-9b9e40537cf3">Parent Care Program: Various initiatives supporting parenthood, including 100% paid parental leave</li>
<li data-renderer-start-pos="5224" data-local-id="1aaf692b-ecc0-440f-b9f2-8d7ad7d501c0">Free mental health and coaching services through our partner Moka.care</li>
<li data-renderer-start-pos="5298" data-local-id="5beeb127-3296-41d6-86ab-403418460dc7">For caregivers and workers with disabilities, a package including an adaptation of the remote policy, extra days off for medical reasons, and psychological support</li>
<li data-renderer-start-pos="5465" data-local-id="729275ad-6a10-4b92-a625-9d88f227b98d">A partnership with Wellhub, as well as free access to the gym in our Milan office, with 3 classes offered per week (yoga, pilates, functional training)</li>
<li data-renderer-start-pos="5620" data-local-id="965e01eb-6bdf-4bbe-92b3-ef763273ccc5">Reimbursement of public transportation</li>
<li data-renderer-start-pos="5662" data-local-id="9a6e231a-a4b2-4fc6-b4db-8ff2820a42aa">Relocation support in case of international mobility</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<h2><strong>The interview process</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Recruiter Interview</li>
<li>Technical Interviews</li>
<li>Behavioral Interview</li>
<li>Reference Check and Offer!</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<h2 class="s-pb-2 s-pt-4 s-heading-xl s-text-foreground dark:s-text-foreground-night"><strong class="s-font-semibold s-text-foreground dark:s-text-foreground-night">Job details</strong></h2>
<ul class="s-list-disc s-pb-2 s-pl-6 s-text-foreground dark:s-text-foreground-night s-text-base s-leading-7">
<li class="s-break-words s-text-foreground dark:s-text-foreground-night s-text-base s-leading-7">Permanent position</li>
<li class="s-break-words s-text-foreground dark:s-text-foreground-night s-text-base s-leading-7">Full-time</li>
<li class="s-break-words s-text-foreground dark:s-text-foreground-night s-text-base s-leading-7">Milan, Italy</li>
<li class="s-break-words s-text-foreground dark:s-text-foreground-night s-text-base s-leading-7">Start date: As soon as possible</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>If you would like to find out more about tech life at Doctolib, feel free to read our latest <a class="s-break-all s-font-semibold s-transition-all s-duration-200 s-ease-in-out hover:s-underline s-text-highlight dark:s-text-highlight-night hover:s-text-highlight-400 dark:hover:s-text-highlight-400-night active:s-text-highlight-dark dark:active:s-text-highlight-dark-night" href="https://medium.com/doctolib" target="\_blank">Medium blog articles</a>!</p>
<p><em>At Doctolib, we are committed to improving access to healthcare for everyone. This translates into our recruitment process. We evaluate candidates based solely on qualifications and motivation, without any form of discrimination.</em></p>
<p><em>The more diverse ideas are heard, the more our product will truly improve healthcare for all. You are welcome to apply to Doctolib, regardless of your gender, religion, age, sexual orientation, ethnicity, disability.</em></p>
<p><em>To ensure equal opportunities, we invite you to exclude personal information (e.g. pictures, age) from your applications. If you require any accommodation, please let us know for support during the hiring process.&nbsp;</em></p>
<p><em>Join us in building the healthcare we all dream of!</em></p>
<p><em>All information provided is processed by Doctolib for application management. For data processing details, click</em><a href="https://doctolib.legal/B2C-Privacy-Policy-Career-IT" target="\_blank"><em> </em><em>here</em></a><em>. </em><em>Please contact hr.dataprivacy(at)doctolib.com to exercise your rights (but not for applications).</em></p>