<div class="content-intro"><p><strong>About Pinterest:</strong></p>
<p>Millions of people around the world come to our platform to find creative ideas, dream about new possibilities and plan for memories that will last a lifetime. At Pinterest, we’re on a mission to bring everyone the inspiration to create a life they love, and that starts with the people behind the product.</p>
<p>Discover a career where you ignite innovation for millions, transform passion into growth opportunities, celebrate each other’s unique experiences and embrace the&nbsp;<a href="https://www.pinterestcareers.com/our-life/pinflex/">flexibility</a> to do your best work. Creating a career you love? It’s Possible.</p>
<p>At Pinterest, AI isn't just a feature, it's a powerful partner that augments our creativity and amplifies our impact, and we’re looking for candidates who are excited to be a part of that. To get a complete picture of your experience and abilities, we’ll explore your foundational skills and how you collaborate with AI.</p>
<p>Through our interview process, what matters most is that you can always explain your approach, showing us not just what you know, but how you think. You can read more about our AI interview philosophy and how we use AI in our recruiting process <a href="https://www.pinterestcareers.com/our-philosophy-on-ai-in-hiring/">here</a>.</p></div><p>As a Sr. Client Partner, you will define, launch and drive strategic outcomes and operationalize the vision for the business you manage. We’re looking for a high-performing candidate with experience building advertising/media or direct advertising sales, passion for solving ambiguous problems, excellent communication skills and the ability to influence cross-functionally and externally. You will harness the power of AI-driven solutions and data intelligence to optimize client outcomes and elevate the client experience. Our advertising business is thriving, our user base continues to grow, and we believe the impact of this role can fuel our company to grow in unprecedented ways.<br><br></p>
<p><strong>What you’ll do:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Develop and execute client partnership strategy and plan that leads to advertising revenue growth for Pinterest</li>
<li>Lead and execute ongoing pipeline planning; planning, pitching and closing deals as well as reporting weekly progress to industry manager</li>
<li>Build strong relationships externally with mid and senior level decision makers within partners organization (Brands and Agencies) toward trusted partnership as well as drive thought leadership</li>
<li>Grow Pinterest advertisement revenue sustainably across your book of business&nbsp;</li>
<li>Build strategy and action plan for scope of business</li>
<li>Track, analyze, and communicate key quantitative metrics and business trends to senior leadership on a weekly basis</li>
<li>Achieve revenue targets through effective planning, analyzing data on past performance, and projecting future performance</li>
<li>Work cross-regionally and cross-functionally to build cohesive partnerships with peers and internal stakeholders, including product, sales operations, and marketing</li>
<li>Leverage AI-driven tools and workflows to streamline campaign management, identify emerging trends, and recommend optimizations at scale</li>
<li>Analyze campaign data using AI-powered insights platforms, translating findings into actionable strategies for client success<br><br></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>What we’re looking for:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Solid experience in marketing/advertising/digital, with specific acumen across media, search, data and measurement&nbsp;</li>
<li>Established industry relationships and experience working with executive level business and marketing leaders within the CPG industry</li>
<li>Proven track record of exceeding revenue goals with large customers in the CPG industry</li>
<li>Ability to translate partner value across various levels, such as executive, operational, creative, media, and analytics teams</li>
<li>Strong team player and ability to succeed in a fast-paced, rapidly changing environment while maintaining high levels of operational rigor, digital acumen, and business excellence</li>
<li>Hands-on experience integrating AI or automation into routine workflow processes, and a curiosity for adopting new AI technologies</li>
<li>Fluency in English required, Fluency in Swedish or Danish desirable.</li>
<li>Bachelor’s degree in a relevant field such as Business, Marketing, or equivalent experience.<br><br></li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;<strong>Relocation Statement:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>&nbsp;This position is not eligible for relocation assistance. Visit our<a href="https://www.pinterestcareers.com/pinflex/"> PinFlex</a> page to learn more about our working model.<br><br></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>In-Office Requirement Statement:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>We let the type of work you do guide the collaboration style. That means we're not always working in an office, but we continue to gather for key moments of collaboration and connection.</li>
<li>This role will need to be in the office for in-person collaboration 1-2 times per week and therefore needs to be in a commutable distance from the Stockholm office.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>#LI-HYBRID</p>
<p>#LI-SL2</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>Our Commitment to Inclusion:</strong></p>
<div>Pinterest is an equal opportunity employer and makes employment decisions on the basis of merit. We want to have the best qualified people in every job. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion or religious creed, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, age, marital status, status as a protected veteran, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information or characteristics (or those of a family member) or any other consideration made unlawful by applicable federal, state or local laws. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you require a medical or religious accommodation during the job application process, please complete&nbsp;<a href="https://forms.gle/sS24D4WboEKUZMQK6">this form</a>&nbsp;for support.
<div>&nbsp;</div>
</div></div>