<p>
  <strong>Headquarters:</strong> United States - Remote
</p>

<div class="job__description body"><div><p> </p></div><div><h2><strong>About the Team</strong></h2><br><p>The People Technology Product team builds the internal tools and frameworks that power every employee’s journey at DoorDash. We combine a hybrid “build + buy” approach to deliver intelligent, scalable, and people-centric experiences across hiring, onboarding, learning, performance, compensation, and more. Our team partners closely with Design, Engineering, Analytics, People/HR, and IT to design and develop products that connect and elevate the entire People Tech stack. We’re redefining how great employee experiences are built from the inside out.</p><br><h2><strong>About the Role</strong></h2><br><p>We’re reimagining how DoorDash grows, develops, and retains talent — and we’re hiring a <strong>Staff Product Manager</strong> to lead our <strong>first-party custom Talent Management products</strong>. This is a critical individual contributor role on the People Technology Product team, focused on building and evolving DoorDash-owned products that power performance, feedback, promotions, calibration, and talent insights across the company globally.</p><br><p>You’ll be the end-to-end product owner for a <strong>suite of custom-built talent products</strong> that sit at the center of how employees experience growth, how managers develop their teams, and how People partners guide the business. These products increasingly act as the <strong>system of engagement</strong> on top of our core HR systems, translating complex data and processes into intuitive, actionable experiences.</p><br><p>This role is ideal for a product leader who enjoys owning durable product surfaces, thrives in complexity, and wants to build foundational systems that scale with the company.</p><br><h2><strong>What You’ll Own</strong></h2><br><p><strong>Own Core Talent Management Products</strong></p><br><p>Lead the roadmap and execution for DoorDash’s custom talent products, including feedback, annual review, calibrations, promotions, and connected talent insights.</p><br><ul><br><li><strong>Build Durable First-Party Systems: </strong>Design and evolve first-party product capabilities — employee profiles, manager dashboards, task orchestration, and talent signals — that persist across cycles and reduce reliance on one-off tools or spreadsheets.</li><br><li><strong>Enable Better Talent Decisions Through Product: </strong>Create experiences that help managers and leaders evaluate performance, assess readiness, and invest in growth using consistent signals, not manual synthesis or institutional knowledge.</li><br><li><strong>Optimize for Scale, Reuse, and Signal Quality: </strong>Build modular product components and workflows that scale across geographies, orgs, and brands, while improving data quality, latency, and trust in talent signals.</li><br><li><strong>Partner Closely with Engineering and Talent COEs: </strong>Work hand-in-hand with Engineering, Design, Analytics, and Talent COE partners to translate program needs into product capabilities — balancing cycle-driven delivery with long-term platform investments.</li><br><li><strong>Raise the Bar for Custom Product Development in People Tech: </strong>Model strong product judgment in a first-party environment: define clear problem statements, scope MVPs intentionally, invest in foundations where they compound, and deliver high-quality products in a fast-moving org.</li><br></ul><br><h2><strong>What you’ll bring:</strong></h2><br><ul><br><li>Have a track record of building and optimizing internal products — especially in Talent Management or broader People environments.</li><br><li>Are comfortable working with building custom tools while working with third-party SaaS data platforms.</li><br><li>Love turning complexity into simplicity — especially in areas like talent management user experience and process simplification.</li><br><li>Collaborate naturally with designers, engineers, talent management specialists, and stakeholders of all levels, and take pride in delivering systems people <em>want</em> to use.</li><br><li>Are a strong communicator who can explain product decisions clearly, even when juggling speed, risk, and technical constraints.</li><br></ul><br><h2><strong>Additional nice-to-haves:</strong></h2><br><ul><br><li>Experience owning first-party products through annual or semi-annual cycles:&nbsp; Familiarity with performance, promotion, or compensation cycles — including the realities of deadlines, data freezes, change management, and stakeholder pressure — and the ability to improve systems without disrupting critical business moments.</li><br><li>Global or multi-brand product experience:<strong> </strong>Familiarity building products that must work across regions, legal contexts, and company brands.</li><br><li>Strong intuition for data quality and trust in People systems: A track record of improving signal quality, latency, and confidence in internal data.</li><br></ul><br><h2><strong>Why You’ll Love Joining Our Team</strong></h2><br><p>The People Technology Product and Design team is building the future of how employees join, grow, and thrive at DoorDash. We partner closely with Engineering and People/HR to create tools that are as scalable and data-driven as our business — without sacrificing speed or usability. If you’re passionate about building internal systems that move fast and actually work, this is your kind of team.</p><br><p><br>We expect this position to be filled by 3/16/26.</p><br><p>Notice to Applicants for Jobs Located in NYC or Remote Jobs Associated With Office in NYC Only</p><p>We use Covey as part of our hiring and/or promotional process for jobs in NYC and certain features may qualify it as an AEDT in NYC. As part of the hiring and/or promotion process, we provide Covey with job requirements and candidate submitted applications. We began using <a href="https://getcovey.com/product/covey-scout-inbound">Covey Scout for Inbound</a> from August 21, 2023, through December 21, 2023, and resumed using <a href="https://getcovey.com/product/covey-scout-inbound">Covey Scout for Inbound</a> again on June 29, 2024.</p><p>The Covey tool has been reviewed by an independent auditor. Results of the audit may be viewed here: <a href="https://getcovey.com/nyc-local-law-144">Covey</a></p></div><div class="job__pay-ranges"><div class="pay-range"><div class="description"><div class="body"><span><p><span><strong>Compensation</strong></span></p><br><p>The successful candidate’s starting pay will fall within the pay range listed below and is determined based on job-related factors including, but not limited to, skills, experience, qualifications, work location, and market conditions. Base salary is localized according to an employee’s work location. Ranges are market-dependent and may be modified in the future.</p><br><p>In addition to base salary, the compensation for this role includes opportunities for equity grants. Talk to your recruiter for more information.</p><br><p>DoorDash cares about you and your overall well-being. That’s why we offer a comprehensive benefits package to all regular employees, which includes a 401(k) plan with employer matching, 16 weeks of paid parental leave, wellness benefits, commuter benefits match, paid time off and paid sick leave in compliance with applicable laws (e.g. Colorado Healthy Families and Workplaces Act). DoorDash also offers medical, dental, and vision benefits, 11 paid holidays, disability and basic life insurance, family-forming assistance, and a mental health program, among others.</p><br><p>To learn more about our benefits, visit our careers page <a href="https://careers.doordash.com/">here</a>.</p><br><p>See below for paid time off details:</p><br><ul><br><li><strong>For salaried roles:</strong> flexible paid time off/vacation, plus 80 hours of paid sick time per year.</li><br><li><strong>For hourly roles:</strong> vacation accrued at about 1 hour for every 25.97 hours worked (e.g. about 6.7 hours/month if working 40 hours/week; about 3.4 hours/month if working 20 hours/week), and paid sick time accrued at 1 hour for every 30 hours worked (e.g. about 5.8 hours/month if working 40 hours/week; about 2.9 hours/month if working 20 hours/week).</li><br></ul></span></div></div><p class="body body--medium">The national base pay range for this position within the United States, including Illinois and Colorado.</p><p class="body">$163,200 - $240,000 USD</p></div></div><div><h2>About DoorDash</h2><br><p>At DoorDash, our mission to empower local economies shapes how our team members move quickly, learn, and reiterate in order to make impactful decisions that display empathy for our range of users—from Dashers to merchant partners to consumers. We are a technology and logistics company that started with door-to-door delivery, and we are looking for team members who can help us go from a company that is known for delivering food to a company that people turn to for any and all goods. <br><br>DoorDash is growing rapidly and changing constantly, which gives our team members the opportunity to share their unique perspectives, solve new challenges, and own their careers. We're committed to supporting employees’ happiness, healthiness, and overall well-being by providing comprehensive benefits and perks including premium healthcare, wellness expense reimbursement, paid parental leave and more.</p><br><h2>Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion</h2><br><p>We’re committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. That’s why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.</p><br><p>Statement of Non-Discrimination: In keeping with our beliefs and goals, no employee or applicant will face discrimination or harassment based on: race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, age, gender, marital/domestic partner status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability status, or veteran status. Above and beyond discrimination and harassment based on “protected categories,” we also strive to prevent other subtler forms of inappropriate behavior (i.e., stereotyping) from ever gaining a foothold in our office. Whether blatant or hidden, barriers to success have no place at DoorDash. We value a diverse workforce – people who identify as women, non-binary or gender non-conforming, LGBTQIA+, American Indian or Native Alaskan, Black or African American, Hispanic or Latinx, Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander, differently-abled, caretakers and parents, and veterans are strongly encouraged to apply. Thank you to the Level Playing Field Institute for this statement of non-discrimination.</p><br><p>Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance, and any other state or local hiring regulations, we will consider for employment any qualified applicant, including those with arrest and conviction records, in a manner consistent with the applicable regulation.</p><br><p><strong>If you need any accommodations, please inform your recruiting contact upon initial connection.</strong></p></div></div>

<p><strong>To apply:</strong> <a href="https://weworkremotely.com/remote-jobs/doordash-usa-staff-product-manager-people-product">https://weworkremotely.com/remote-jobs/doordash-usa-staff-product-manager-people-product</a></p>