<p><strong>This is Adyen</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Adyen provides payments, data, and financial products in a single solution for customers like Meta, Uber, H&amp;M, and Microsoft - making us the financial technology platform of choice. At Adyen, everything we do is engineered for ambition.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">For our teams, we create an environment with opportunities for our people to succeed, backed by the culture and support to ensure they are enabled to truly own their careers. We are motivated individuals who tackle unique technical challenges at scale and solve them as a team. Together, we deliver innovative and ethical solutions that help businesses achieve their ambitions faster.</span></p>
<p><strong>Project Operations Manager</strong></p>
<p>As a Project Operations Manager based in Tokyo, you’ll lead the delivery of complex implementations for merchants operating in the local market. You’ll work closely with both local and global teams to ensure successful deployment of Adyen’s solutions across in-store and digital channels, helping merchants scale effectively.</p>
<p>Adyen’s Unified Commerce platform&nbsp; - spanning POS, mobile, and e-commerce - enables seamless customer experiences, but requires strong coordination across multiple stakeholders. As we continue to grow in Japan, you’ll drive end-to-end delivery, partnering with merchants and integration partners to ensure smooth, scalable rollouts tailored to the local market.</p>
<p><strong>What you’ll do:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Manage end-to-end rollout of our point-of-sale solution for merchants in Japan, ensuring readiness for in-store deployment</li>
<li>Support technical partnership discussions to integrate our solution with merchants’ POS systems</li>
<li>Drive internal knowledge sharing on integrations and best practices</li>
<li>Work closely with client project/technical teams and third-party partners to deliver on key milestones</li>
<li>Coordinate across stakeholders to ensure timely, smooth deployment across store networks</li>
<li>Understand client network topology, provide best practices, and troubleshoot network issues</li>
<li>Partner with commercial teams to identify merchant pain points and tailor solutions for the Japan market</li>
<li>Gather and share feedback to continuously improve future implementations</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Who you are:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Experienced in managing complex, technical projects with multiple stakeholders</li>
<li>3- 4+ years of project management experience (hardware or payments experience is a plus)</li>
<li>Hands-on and comfortable operating in a fast-paced, high-ownership environment</li>
<li>Strong project management skills with the ability to drive time-sensitive initiatives independently</li>
<li>Able to collaborate effectively with global teams and navigate time zone differences</li>
<li>Strong problem-solver with the ability to diagnose and resolve network-related issues</li>
<li>Fluent in both English and Japanese (written and spoken)</li>
<li>Experience working abroad or in multicultural teams is a plus</li>
<li>Willing to travel domestically and internationally as needed</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Our Diversity, Equity and Inclusion commitments&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Our unique approach is a product of our diverse perspectives. This diversity of backgrounds and cultures is essential in helping us maintain our momentum. Our business and technical challenges are unique, and we need as many different voices as possible to join us in solving them - voices like yours. No matter who you are or where you’re from, we welcome you to be your true self at Adyen.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Studies show that women and members of underrepresented communities apply for jobs only if they meet 100% of the qualifications. Does this sound like you? If so, Adyen encourages you to reconsider and apply. We look forward to your application!</span></p>
<p><strong>What’s next?</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Ensuring a smooth and enjoyable candidate experience is critical for us. We aim to get back to you regarding your application within 5 business days. Our interview process tends to take about 4 weeks to complete, but may fluctuate depending on the role. </span><a href="https://careers.adyen.com/how-we-hire"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Learn more about our hiring process here</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">. Don’t be afraid to let us know if you need more flexibility.</span></p>
<p>This role is based out of our Tokyo office. We are an office-first company and value in-person collaboration; we do not offer remote-only roles.</p>