<div class="content-intro"><p class="sc-gEkIjz cjtSrT MuiTypography-root MuiTypography-body1 sc-hoLEA">Raisin is the world's leading platform for savings and investment products. Founded in 2012, the&nbsp;<strong>FinTech</strong> connects consumers with banks in the EU, the UK and the US. This gives consumers <strong>better interest rates</strong> and banks a <strong>diversified form of refinancing</strong>. Our vision is to offer savings and investments without barriers and thus open up the global 160 trillion euro market.</p>
<p class="sc-gEkIjz cjtSrT MuiTypography-root MuiTypography-body1 sc-hoLEA">Raisin currently employs more than 800 people from over 75 countries worldwide. Today, the platform holds over 80 billion euros in assets from&nbsp;<strong>more than one million investors</strong> which have accrued over 5 billion euros in returns.</p></div><p><span style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0);"><strong>Team</strong></span></p>
<p>In the Legal Team, we manage a diverse range of legal matters across the entire Raisin Group. We draft and negotiate contracts, advise internal and external stakeholders, and document internal processes to ensure we remain agile in an ever-evolving financial regulatory landscape.</p>
<p>We take pride in our open, discursive culture and strive for a proactive, business-oriented, and solution-driven approach to legal counsel. Our team specifically focuses on the legal and regulatory frameworks governing banking and financial services, which form the bedrock of Raisin’s transformative business model.<br><br><strong>Your Responsibilities</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Regulatory Advisory: Provide expert legal advice on banking and investment regulations, specifically focusing on KAGB, KWG, WpIG, and WpHG.</li>
<li>Compliance Management: Oversee and manage legal topics related to MaComp, MaRisk, and MiFID II.</li>
<li>Project Leadership: Advise on the operational implementation of key projects while ensuring full compliance with the requirements of supervisory authorities and national/international partners.</li>
<li>Stakeholder Engagement: Lead communications and negotiations with our international cooperation partners.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Your Profile</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Education: You are a recent graduate or studying Law or Business Law.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Duration: The minimum duration for the working students is 1 year and the minimum duration for the interns is 9-12 months.</li>
<li>Expertise: You possess a solid foundational knowledge of the statutory and regulatory frameworks governing the banking and securities sectors.</li>
<li>Communication: You have exceptional communication skills and the ability to translate complex legal requirements into clear, actionable business advice.</li>
<li>Languages: Full professional proficiency (C1 level or higher) in both German and English. You are comfortable working, drafting, and negotiating effectively in both languages.</li>
<li>Mindset: You are a proactive self-starter with a high degree of precision and a detail-oriented approach to problem-solving.</li>
<li>Passion: You have a genuine interest in financial markets, securities, and the evolving FinTech ecosystem.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Join our mission, join our team – and grow with us!</strong></p>
<p>At Raisin, we care about each other and it is one of our top priorities to foster an open and caring environment in which everyone feels welcome and comfortable. Our culture is strongly driven by our ambitious team, which connects more than 75 different nationalities.</p>
<p>As part of our team, you will benefit from:</p>
<ul>
<li>Employee Development Budget of €400 and one full training day per year.</li>
<li>Flexible working hours, home office and 20 vacation days per year.</li>
<li>Do you miss being in the office? The Deutschland Ticket gets you there, which we subsidize with €25 per month.</li>
<li>Enjoy more than 50+ different sports with Urban Sports Club: We subsidize your membership with more than €20 per month.</li>
<li>Hungry all the time? Snacks, daily fresh fruit as well as drinks provided at the office.</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><p><a href="https://www.raisin.com/corporate/raisin-applicant-privacy-policy/"><em>Raisin Applicant Privacy Policy</em></a></p>
<p data-start="728" data-end="900">We value diversity and the unique experiences each individual brings. If you’re excited about this role but don’t meet every requirement, we still encourage you to apply.</p>
<p data-start="907" data-end="1013">We are an equal opportunity employer and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for everyone, regardless of race, colour, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, or gender identity.</p></div>