<p>The&nbsp;<em>Development Infrastructure</em> team builds the infrastructure for the development platform our Asana engineers use every day. We build and operate the software that accelerates how Asana R&amp;D delivers new products to our users. We combine industry best-practices and innovation to enable Asana to remain product-forward delivering a high-quality beloved experience for our users.</p>
<p>You will focus on developing the team around you, helping them contribute more and grow as both engineers and individuals. You will channel your passion and enthusiasm as much into recruiting and building a team, as the technical challenges your team will be resolving.&nbsp;</p>
<p>This role is based in our Reykjavik office with an office-centric hybrid schedule. The standard in-office days are Monday, Tuesday, and Thursday. Most Asanas have the option to work from home on Wednesdays. Working from home on Fridays depends on the type of work you do and the teams with which you partner. If you're interviewing for this role, your recruiter will share more about the in-office requirements.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>What you’ll achieve</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Manage and lead a team of 3-7 engineers, including a technical lead, with focus on impactful deliveries</li>
<li>Define how the team evolves and interacts with the rest of Asana</li>
<li>Recruit for and grow the team</li>
<li>Lead the team to identify future opportunities to improve development velocity and the developer experience</li>
<li>Influence the future of software development at Asana and guide the technical direction across the organization</li>
<li>Collaborate with a world-class team of engineers to enable new development capabilities through infrastructure</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>About you</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>3+ year of engineering management experience</li>
<li>The rare mix of intelligence, empathy, integrity and technical skills that allow you to rapidly earn the trust of a technically astute team</li>
<li>Focus on maximizing impact, for yourself and your team</li>
<li>Ability to provide valuable input to any technical or product discussion</li>
<li>Oriented around the multi-year consequences of your decisions</li>
<li>Demonstrated curiosity about AI tools and emerging technologies, with a willingness to learn and leverage them to enhance productivity, collaboration, or decision-making</li>
</ul>
<p>At Asana, we're committed to building teams that include a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, and skills, as this is critical to helping us achieve our mission. If you're interested in this role and don't meet every listed requirement, we still encourage you to apply.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>What we’ll offer</strong></p>
<p>Our comprehensive compensation package plays a big part in how we recognize you for the impact you have on our path to achieving our mission. We believe that compensation should be reflective of the value you create relative to the market value of your role. To ensure pay is fair and not impacted by biases, we're committed to looking at market value which is why we check ourselves and conduct a yearly pay equity audit.</p>
<p>For this role, the estimated annual base salary range is between 16,720,000 - 19,000,000 ISK. The actual base salary will vary based on various factors, including market and individual qualifications objectively assessed during the interview process. The listed range above is a guideline, and the base salary range for this role may be modified.</p>
<p>In addition to base salary, your compensation package may include additional components such as equity, sales incentive pay (for most sales roles), and benefits. If you're interviewing for this role, speak with your Talent Acquisition Partner to learn more about the total compensation and benefits for this role.</p>
<p>We strive to provide equitable and competitive benefits packages that support our employees worldwide and include:</p>
<ul>
<li>Mental health, wellness &amp; fitness benefits</li>
<li>Career coaching &amp; support</li>
<li>Inclusive family building benefits</li>
<li>Long-term savings or retirement plans</li>
<li>In-office culinary options to cater to your dietary preferences&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>These are just some of the benefits we offer, and benefits may vary based on role, country, and local regulations. If you're interviewing for this role, speak with your Talent Acquisition Partner to learn more about the total compensation and benefits for this role.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>About us</strong></p>
<p data-pm-slice="1 1 []">Asana is a leading platform for human + AI collaboration. Millions of teams around the world rely on Asana to achieve their most important goals, faster. Asana has been named to Fortune's Best Workplaces for 7+ years and recognized by Fast Company, Forbes, and Gartner for excellence in workplace culture and innovation. We offer an exceptional office-centric culture while adopting the best elements of hybrid models to ensure that every one of our global team members can work together effortlessly. With 13+ offices all over the world, we are always looking for individuals who care about building technology that drives positive change in the world and a culture where everyone feels that they belong.</p>
<p data-pm-slice="1 1 []"><strong><a class="LinkThemeablePresentation LinkPrimaryPresentation LinkPrimaryPresentation--sentimentSelected PrimaryLink HighlightSol HighlightSol--core HighlightSol--buildingBlock" href="https://www.gem.com/form?formID=fbcdec8c-3442-43b9-9b45-d2b5f4ea25db" target="\_blank">Join Asana’s Talent Network</a></strong>&nbsp;to stay up to date on job opportunities and life at Asana.</p></div>