<div class="content-intro"><p class="sc-gEkIjz cjtSrT MuiTypography-root MuiTypography-body1 sc-hoLEA">Raisin is the world's leading platform for savings and investment products. Founded in 2012, the&nbsp;<strong>FinTech</strong> connects consumers with banks in the EU, the UK and the US. This gives consumers <strong>better interest rates</strong> and banks a <strong>diversified form of refinancing</strong>. Our vision is to offer savings and investments without barriers and thus open up the global 160 trillion euro market.</p>
<p class="sc-gEkIjz cjtSrT MuiTypography-root MuiTypography-body1 sc-hoLEA">Raisin currently employs more than 800 people from over 75 countries worldwide. Today, the platform holds over 80 billion euros in assets from&nbsp;<strong>more than one million investors</strong> which have accrued over 5 billion euros in returns.</p></div><p><span style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0);"><strong>Team</strong></span></p>
<p>We are a large, diverse team that manages and serves as the direct communication line to our live banks. Our team helps grow and expand the banks' performance, backed by strong analytics, operations, and working students.</p>
<p>We are currently searching for a working student who is looking to expand their career in the banking field. If you are fluent in German and English, this could be a great opportunity to kick off your career in a dynamic, international banking environment.</p>
<p>We welcome motivated students—even without prior job experience—as long as you bring the right attitude and eagerness to learn. From our side, we’re committed to providing you with an engaging, hands-on experience that will help you grow professionally and personally.<br><br><strong>Your Responsibilities</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Contribute to product launches and platform expansions across Europe and the UK while taking the lead on smaller projects.</li>
<li>Support day-to-day communication with deposit taking banks—helping manage requests, organize calls and visits, and ensure smooth collaboration.</li>
<li>Understand banks’ expectations and requirements, aligning deliverables with their needs.</li>
<li>Participate in meetings with external banks and internal stakeholders, contributing ideas, taking notes, and following up on action items.</li>
<li>Assist in data gathering and preparation of presentations and reports.</li>
<li>Help update and maintain documentation across different banking products and terms.</li>
<li>Use tools like Jira, Miro, and Confluence to manage tasks and track deliverables.</li>
<li>Coordinate across multiple international teams and stakeholders, ensuring alignment and timely delivery.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Your Profile</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Fluent in German and English (C1 level), both written and spoken.</li>
<li>Studying Business, Finance, Economics, or a related field at university.</li>
<li>Some experience in project management or B2B relationship management (e.g., internships, university projects, part-time roles).</li>
<li>Excellent organizational and communication skills with a knack for problem-solving.</li>
<li>High attention to detail—especially when it comes to documentation, data, and client-facing materials.</li>
<li>A proactive, service-oriented mindset and strong sense of responsibility.</li>
<li>A passion for learning, collaboration, and driving meaningful change in a fast-paced fintech environment.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Join our mission, join our team – and grow with us!</strong></p>
<p>At Raisin, we care about each other and it is one of our top priorities to foster an open and caring environment in which everyone feels welcome and comfortable. Our culture is strongly driven by our ambitious team, which connects more than 75 different nationalities.</p>
<p>As part of our team, you will benefit from:</p>
<ul>
<li>Employee Development Budget of €400 and one full training day per year.</li>
<li>Flexible working hours, home office and 20 vacation days per year.</li>
<li>Do you miss being in the office? The Deutschland Ticket gets you there, which we subsidize with €25 per month.</li>
<li>Enjoy more than 50+ different sports with Urban Sports Club: We subsidize your membership with more than €20 per month.</li>
<li>Hungry all the time? Snacks, daily fresh fruit as well as drinks provided at the office.</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><p><a href="https://www.raisin.com/corporate/raisin-applicant-privacy-policy/"><em>Raisin Applicant Privacy Policy</em></a></p>
<p data-start="728" data-end="900">We value diversity and the unique experiences each individual brings. If you’re excited about this role but don’t meet every requirement, we still encourage you to apply.</p>
<p data-start="907" data-end="1013">We are an equal opportunity employer and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for everyone, regardless of race, colour, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, or gender identity.</p></div>