<h2><strong>Who we are </strong></h2>
<h3><strong>About Stripe</strong></h3>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies - from the world’s largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups - use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyone's reach while doing the most important work of your career.</span></p>
<h3><strong>About the team</strong></h3>
<p>The Product Support team directly supports our largest and fastest growing users, partnering with them to grow their business. We actively seek and capitalize on opportunities to meet and exceed their service expectations, working to impress the trendsetters and remove obstacles from their path. The team is there when users need us but also there proactively - before they even realize they need support.</p>
<h2><strong>What you’ll do</strong></h2>
<p>Stripe is looking for a Product Support Manager who will lead a high performing team of product specialists to deliver exceptional user experiences. This team goes beyond basic troubleshooting—it's about&nbsp; developing a team of technical expertise with analytical mindset and project management skills to strategically improve our support systems, processes, and product quality.</p>
<p>The Manager will play a key role to cultivate the happiness of their teams through clear goal setting, feedback mechanism, mentoring, and advocacy within the organization.</p>
<h3><strong>Responsibilities</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Guide the organization to design and deliver scalable user support by partnering effectively with cross functional stakeholders across Product, Engineering and broader teams such Go-To-market, Risk etc as needed</li>
<li>Set clear goals and directions, and provide regular feedback on team members’ performance</li>
<li>Ensure team members are happy, effective, and growing in their career and new work experiences</li>
<li>Drive strong operational delivery and process improvement helping to mitigate risk while balancing operational efficiency and user impact</li>
<li>Maintain metrics and analysis of team performance, and provide regular reporting on team performance in the form of written analysis and performance reports</li>
<li>Be data-driven in your analysis of performance, and in your decision making</li>
<li>Transmit and foster our values, serving as a beacon of Stripe’s user-centric philosophy and culture of transparency, empathy, inclusion, and empowerment</li>
<li>Help build the organization through management projects such as recruiting, training, writing team policies, defining team processes, or other organizational improvements</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Who you are</strong></h2>
<p>We’re looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.</p>
<h3><strong>Minimum requirements</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>At least 8+ years of direct people management experience; including front line specialists and supported them to career growth and transitions&nbsp;</li>
<li>Experience leading operational teams such as product support teams (preferably in high-growth technology companies)</li>
<li>Experience in strategizing and driving large scale operational process improvements and program management work</li>
<li>Solid experience in stakeholder management, with the ability to influence cross-functional teams and drive progress for the team</li>
<li>Strong analytical sense and track-record of making data driven decisions</li>
<li>Skill and credibility doing the core work of a user facing team with a high bar for quality and a willingness to lead by example and get into the details of front-line work if required</li>
<li>Excellent written and verbal communication skills</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>Preferred qualifications</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Comfort with some technical troubleshooting</li>
<li>Familiarity with FinTech industry and products</li>
<li>Passion for learning new functions and features of technical products</li>
</ul>