<div class="content-intro"><p>At Braze, we have found our people. We’re a genuinely approachable, exceptionally kind, and intensely passionate crew.</p>
<p>We seek to ignite that passion by setting high standards, championing teamwork, and creating work-life harmony as we collectively navigate rapid growth on a global scale while striving for greater equity and opportunity – inside and outside our organization.</p>
<p>To flourish here, you must be prepared to set a high bar for yourself and those around you. There is always a way to contribute: Acting with autonomy, having accountability and being open to new perspectives are essential to our continued success.</p>
<p>Our deep curiosity to learn and our eagerness to share diverse passions with others gives us balance and injects a one-of-a-kind vibrancy into our culture.</p>
<p>If you are driven to solve exhilarating challenges and have a bias toward action in the face of change, you will be empowered to make a real impact here, with a sharp and passionate team at your back. If Braze sounds like a place where you can thrive, we can’t wait to meet you.</p></div><p>The AI Success Manager is a critical individual contributor role on our growing AI Success team to ensure Braze customers are highly successful with the product. In this capacity, you will collaborate closely with different teams, internally and externally, to drive renewals, upsells and expansions. You’ll oversee design and execution of Braze use cases, working closely with customers to identify future use cases, and own executive level relationships. You will also contribute significantly to the Braze product development process, and act as the voice of our customers. Finally, given the analytical nature of Braze’s product and use cases, you will conduct analysis of results and build compelling presentations to communicate customers insights, troubleshoot issues, and showcase Braze’s value proposition.<br><br><strong>WHAT YOU'LL DO</strong><strong><br></strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Support the Principal AI Success Manager to build meaningful relationships across our customers’ organization</li>
<li>Work with implementation and data science teams to drive the success of AI use cases with our customers</li>
<li>Work closely with the Braze sales team to drive renewals &amp; upsell opportunities</li>
<li>Develop deep understanding of customer business context and pain points to facilitate the strategic mapping of Braze value proposition</li>
<li>Serve as strategic partners to guide our customers in maximizing business value from their use of Braze</li>
<li>Conduct analyses (including using Excel, SQL) and provide data-driven presentations on Braze’s business impact, use case insights, and guide customers through troubleshooting</li>
<li>Synthesize and communicate stories based on customer insights</li>
<li>Communicate customer needs to Braze’s product &amp; marketing teams to ensure a customer-centric product roadmap<br><br></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>WHO YOU ARE</strong><strong><br></strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Be the face of the company, working alongside our customers to help them succeed.</li>
<li>Lead the AI transformation happening in marketing technology today — Braze is at the forefront, so you’ll be in the middle of the action.</li>
<li>Join Braze’s fast-paced, supportive, and professional team. We make sure all of our team members are empowered and receive great mentorship and coaching.</li>
<li>Entrepreneurial: you take initiative, work around obstacles, and always seek creative ways to get to the next level</li>
<li>People person: you build trust-based relationships with external partners, and combine empathy with a willingness to have direct, challenging conversations</li>
<li>Analytically-driven: You are able to draw insights from raw data and perform analysis that is helpful and clear to customers</li>
<li>Technology enthusiast: you are passionate about new technologies and their potential to impact business-as-usual</li>
<li>Structured and organized: you can structure a plan, align stakeholders, and see it through to execution</li>
<li>Clear communicator: you are able to express yourself clearly and persuasively, both in writing and speech</li>
<li>Prior Strategy Consulting experience preferred. Familiarity with data science or machine learning is a strong plus.</li>
<li>20% travel to customers are expected</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><div class="p-rich\_text\_section">
<p><strong>WHAT WE OFFER<br></strong></p>
<p><em>Braze benefits vary by location, and we encourage you to review our specific benefits offerings for each country </em><a href="https://www.braze.com/company/careers/how-we-hire#benefit-section"><em>here</em></a><em>. More details on benefits plans will be provided if you receive an offer of employment.</em></p>
<p>From offering comprehensive benefits to fostering hybrid ways of working, we’ve got you covered so you can prioritize work-life harmony. Braze offers benefits such as:</p>
<ul>
<li>Competitive compensation that may include equity</li>
<li>Retirement and Employee Stock Purchase Plans</li>
<li>Flexible paid time off</li>
<li>Comprehensive benefit plans covering medical, dental, vision, life, and disability</li>
<li>Family services that include fertility benefits and equal paid parental leave</li>
<li>Professional development supported by formal career pathing, learning platforms, and a yearly learning stipend</li>
<li>A curated in-office employee experience, designed to foster community, team connections, and innovation</li>
<li>Opportunities to give back to your community, including an annual company-wide Volunteer Week and donation matching&nbsp;</li>
<li>Employee Resource Groups that provide supportive communities within Braze</li>
<li>Collaborative, transparent, and fun culture recognized as a Great Place to Work®</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>ABOUT BRAZE<br><br></strong>Braze is the leading customer engagement platform that empowers brands to Be Absolutely Engaging.™ Braze helps brands deliver great customer experiences that drive value both for consumers and for their businesses. Built on a foundation of composable intelligence, BrazeAI™ allows marketers to combine and activate AI agents, models, and features at every touchpoint throughout the Braze Customer Engagement Platform for smarter, faster, and more meaningful customer engagement. From cross-channel messaging and journey orchestration to Al-powered decisioning and optimization, Braze enables companies to turn action into interaction through autonomous, 1:1 personalized experiences.<br><br>The company has repeatedly been recognized as a Leader in marketing technology by industry analysts, and was voted a G2 “Best of Marketing and Digital Advertising Software Product” in 2025.<br><br>Braze was also named a 2025 Best Companies To Work For by U.S. News &amp; World Report, a 2025 America’s Greatest Companies by Newsweek, and a 2025 Fortune Best Workplace in Technology™ by Great Place To Work®, among other accolades. Braze is also proudly certified as a Great Place to Work® in the U.S., the UK, Australia, and Singapore.<br><br>The company is headquartered in New York with offices in Austin, Berlin, Bucharest, Chicago, Dubai, Jakarta, London, Paris, San Francisco, São Paulo, Singapore, Seoul, Sydney and Tokyo.</p>
<strong>BRAZE IS AN EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER</strong>
<p>At Braze, we strive to create equitable growth and opportunities inside and outside the organization.</p>
<p>Building meaningful connections is at the heart of everything we do, and that includes our recruiting practices. We're committed to offering all candidates a fair, accessible, and inclusive experience – regardless of age, color, disability, gender identity, marital status, maternity, national origin, pregnancy, race, religion, sex, sexual orientation, or status as a protected veteran. When applying and interviewing with Braze, we want you to feel comfortable showcasing what makes you <em>you</em>.</p>
<p>We know that sometimes different circumstances can lead talented people to hesitate to apply for a role unless they meet 100% of the criteria. If this sounds familiar, we encourage you to apply, as we’d love to meet you.</p>
<em>Please see our</em><a href="https://www.braze.com/company/legal/privacy-policy-job-candidates"><em> </em><em>Candidate Privacy Policy</em></a><em> for more information on how Braze processes your personal information during the recruitment process and, if applicable based on your location, how you can exercise any privacy rights.</em></div></div>