<p><strong>(Start date flexible, duration at least 4 months)</strong></p>
<p>At SumUp, we're on a mission to empower small businesses across the globe by providing simple and affordable tools that allow them to thrive. Today, over 4 million businesses in 36 markets rely on SumUp as their financial partner to manage payments, finance and customer relationships.</p>
<p>We're looking for a<strong> Revenue Planning Intern</strong> to join our dynamic Revenue Operations (RevOps) team. <strong>This is a unique chance to dive deep into the financial engine of a fast-growing FinTech,</strong> gaining hands-on experience in financial modeling, forecasting, and performance tracking.</p>
<p>This isn't just an internship; it's a pivotal role. You'll directly bolster our analytical power during a period of rapid growth and increasing operational complexity. You'll be key to supporting critical weekly and monthly reporting, maintaining essential revenue forecasting models, and even helping us build our future talent pipeline.</p>
<p>If you're eager to make a real impact and learn from the ground up, this role is for you!</p>
<p><strong>What You'll Do:</strong></p>
<p>As a Revenue Planning Intern, you will directly support the RevOps team with essential financial tasks and strategic analysis.</p>
<ul>
<li><strong>Own Weekly &amp; Monthly Reporting:</strong> Take ownership of updating the weekly and monthly performance materials</li>
<li><strong>Maintain &amp; Enhance Forecast Models:</strong> Support the team in maintaining and improving acquisition and revenue forecast models</li>
<li><strong>Conduct Variance Analysis:</strong> Help identify key risks and opportunities by preparing thorough variance analyses</li>
<li><strong>Contribute to Strategic Projects:</strong> Provide support for deep-dive studies and contribute to the development of investment business cases</li>
<li><strong>Assist Pricing &amp; Monetization:</strong> Support the pricing and monetization team with business cases and execution</li>
<li><strong>Drive Automation:</strong> Identify opportunities and assist in automating repeatable reporting tasks and simple data transformations to improve team efficiency</li>
<li><strong>Perform Ad-Hoc Analysis:</strong> Conduct ad-hoc analyses and competitor benchmarking to provide insights for commercial decisions</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>You'll be great for this position if</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>You're a final-year Bachelor's or Master's student in Finance, Economics, or Business Administration, with a strong academic record</li>
<li>You have strong analytical and problem-solving capabilities, with basic experience in financial modeling, forecasting, or budgeting</li>
<li>You have advanced skills in Excel and Google Sheets along with proficient SQL skills</li>
<li>You're proactive, reliable, well-organized, and a fast learner with a structured approach. You're open-minded, pragmatic, and able to manage multiple tasks simultaneously</li>
<li>You're comfortable working in a cross-functional environment and have the ability to work effectively within a team environment</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>About SumUp</strong></p>
<p>We believe in the everyday hero.</p>
<p>Small business owners are at the heart of all we do, so we create powerful, easy-to-use financial solutions to help them run their businesses. With a founder’s mentality and a 'team-first’ attitude, our diverse teams across Europe, South America, Australia and the United States work together to ensure that the small business owners we partner with can be successful doing what they love.&nbsp;</p>
<p><em>SumUp is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer that proudly pursues and hires a diverse workforce. SumUp does not make hiring or employment decisions on the basis of race, colour, religion or religious belief, ethnic or national origin, nationality, sex, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, disability, age or any other basis protected by applicable laws or prohibited by company policy. SumUp also strives for a healthy and safe workplace and strictly prohibits harassment of any kind.</em></p>
<p><em>SumUp will not accept unsolicited resumes from any source other than directly from a candidate.</em><em>&nbsp;</em></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>Job Application Tip</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We recognise that candidates feel they need to meet 100% of the job criteria in order to apply for a job. Please note that this is only a guide. If you don’t tick every box, it’s ok too because it means you have room to learn and develop your career at SumUp.</span></p></div>