<div class="content-intro"><p>ZoomInfo is where careers accelerate. We move fast, think boldly, and empower you to do the best work of your life. You’ll be surrounded by teammates who care deeply, challenge each other, and celebrate wins. With tools that amplify your impact and a culture that backs your ambition, you won’t just contribute. You’ll make things happen–fast.</p></div><p>The Senior Security Engineer will be part of the Security engineering team.<br>This is a crucial role which leads the company to higher cyber security maturity by translating the business needs and security requirements into cross-company initiatives.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>What you’ll do:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Implement, operationalize, document and support security solutions which meet corporate security requirements with minimal supervision.</li>
<li>Provide L3 support for security services with a strong drive to enhance customer experience and minimize downtime</li>
<li>Proactively identify areas of improvement, document and implement changes&nbsp;</li>
<li>Proactively assess current configuration, coordinate with stakeholders, plan, recommend and implement changes.</li>
<li>Make sure the company adheres to standards, practices and external regulations.</li>
<li>Assist with risk assessment, identify security issues and risks, plan and collaboratively prevent and mitigate.</li>
<li>Provide solutions to incorporate effective measures against possible compromise as part of the organization's cybersecurity strategic plan.</li>
<li>Act as point of escalation for junior team members - independent issue resolution, determining next steps in multi-step items, driving initiatives,&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>What you bring:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>8 years hands-on experience in Security engineering roles</li>
<li>Experience leading and managing company-wide initiatives.</li>
<li>Expert knowledge in security tools, such as, Zero Trust, cloud security, data security, network security and endpoint security.</li>
<li>Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills.</li>
<li>Expert ability to identify and remediate process gaps.</li>
<li>Strong collaborative skills with internal and external parties.</li>
<li>Demonstrated ability to use Artificial Intelligence platforms to enhance productivity.</li>
<li>Advantage - Development and Coding skills in Terraform, Python and other technologies</li>
<li>Advantage - Bachelor of Science degree in Computer Science / Software Engineering or related field.</li>
<li>Advantage - Security certifications such as CCSP, CISSP, GCP/ AWS Security.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Technologies &amp; Processes:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Experience developing, documenting and implementing standard operating procedures, metrics, and service definitions.</li>
<li>Hands-on experience with most of the following technologies: Endpoint Detection &amp; Response (EDR), Secure Web Gateway (SWG), Zero-trust Network Access (ZTNA), Secure Access Service Edge (SASE), Cloud Security Posture Management (CSPM), Cloud Workload Protection Platform (CWPP), Data Loss Prevention (DLP) and Web Application Firewall (WAF),&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;</li>
<li>Familiarity with cybersecurity technologies such as Identity and Access Management (IDM), Perimeter Firewalls, Patch Management, Security Information Event Management (SIEM), Public Key Infrastructure (PKI), Intrusion Prevention Systems (IPS), Security Orchestration Automation &amp; Response (SOAR), and Threat detection and prevention.</li>
<li>Advantage - Strong project management skills</li>
<li>Advantage - Strong knowledge of ServiceNow and Jira</li>
</ul>
<p></p>
<p>#LI-PM1</p>
<p>#LI-Hybrid</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>About us:</strong>&nbsp;</p>
<p>ZoomInfo (NASDAQ: GTM) is the Go-To-Market Intelligence Platform that empowers businesses to grow faster with AI-ready insights, trusted data, and advanced automation. Its solutions provide more than 35,000 companies worldwide with a complete view of their customers, making every seller their best seller.</p>
<p>ZoomInfo is committed to protecting your privacy when you apply for jobs with us. Please review our Job Applicant <a href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1yiG-k0YX\_sW10PiJk\_xliDc3W-veJCrK/view?usp=drive\_link">Privacy Notice</a> for more details on how we handle your personal information.</p>
<p>ZoomInfo may use a software-based assessment as part of the recruitment process. More information about this tool, including the results of the most recent bias audit, is available <a href="https://www.zoominfo.com/legal/nyc-local-law-144-notice">here</a>.</p>
<p>ZoomInfo is proud to be an equal opportunity employer, hiring based on qualifications, merit, and business needs, and does not discriminate based on protected status. We welcome all applicants and are committed to providing equal employment opportunities regardless of sex, race, age, color, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, disability status, religion, protected military or veteran status, medical condition, or any other characteristic protected by applicable law. We also consider qualified candidates with criminal histories in accordance with legal requirements.</p>
<p>For Massachusetts Applicants: It is unlawful in Massachusetts to require or administer a lie detector test as a condition of employment or continued employment. An employer who violates this law shall be subject to criminal penalties and civil liability. ZoomInfo does not administer lie detector tests to applicants in any location.</p></div>