<p>
  <strong>Headquarters:</strong> 
</p>

<p><span><span>Cornelis Networks delivers the world’s highest performance scale-out networking solutions for AI and HPC datacenters. Our differentiated architecture seamlessly integrates hardware, software and system level technologies to maximize the efficiency of GPU, CPU and accelerator-based compute clusters at any scale. Our solutions drive breakthroughs in AI &amp; HPC workloads, empowering our customers to push the boundaries of innovation. </span><span>Backed by top-tier venture capital and strategic investors, we are committed to innovation, performance and scalability - solving the world’s most demanding computational challenges with our next-generation networking solutions.&nbsp;</span><span>&nbsp;</span></span></p><br><p><span><span></span><span>&nbsp;</span></span></p><br><p><span><span>We are a fast-growing, forward-thinking team of </span><span>architects, engineers, and business professionals with a proven track record of building successful products and companies. </span><span>As a global organization, our team spans multiple U.S. states and six countries, and we continue to expand with exceptional talent in onsite, hybrid, and fully remote roles</span><span>.&nbsp;</span><span>&nbsp;</span></span></p><br><p><br></p><br><p><span>Cornelis Networks is hiring talented Sr. ASIC Design Engineers with deep experience in one or more of the key areas required to build the world-class SoCs to be deployed in high performance computing, high performance data analytics, and artificial intelligence interconnect solutions. A good candidate will have 15+ years of ASIC design experience, with 10+ years of relevant experience in networking hardware design, proven expertise in 50G, 100G, 400G Ethernet MAC/PCS protocols, TCP/IP, RDMA/RoCE, IPSec. and their application in high-speed data processing/networking.</span></p><br><p><br></p><br><p><span><span>Key Responsibilities:</span></span></p><br><ul><br><li><span>End-to-end SoC/ASIC development. <br></span></li><br><li><span>Front-end standard cell ASIC development including RTL development, Design Verification, synthesis, and post-silicon validation.&nbsp;</span></li><br><li><span>Cross-functional collaboration and partnering with internal and external cross-functional teams, across all levels of the corporation.&nbsp;</span></li><br><li><span>Define, implement, debug, and deliver system solutions around purpose-built ASICs.&nbsp;</span></li><br></ul><br><p>&nbsp;</p><br><p><span>Preferred Qualifications</span></p><br><ul><br><li><span>M.S. degree in Computer Engineering, Computer Science, or Electrical Engineering.</span></li><br><li><span>Track record of first-pass success in ASIC and Systems.</span></li><br><li><span>Experience with multiple clock designs and asynchronous interfaces.</span></li><br></ul><br><p><br></p><br><p><span><span>Minimum Qualifications&nbsp;</span></span></p><br><ul><br><li><span>15+ years' post-college experience with silicon development.  <br></span></li><br><li><span>15+ years' post-college experience in digital design with one or more HDL language (System Verilog, Verilog, VHDL). <br></span></li><br><li><span>10+ years of relevant experience in networking hardware design, proven expertise in 50G, 100G, 400G Ethernet MAC/PCS protocols, TCP/IP, RDMA/RoCE, IPSec. <br></span></li><br><li><span>5 + years' post-college experience in one or more scripting language (TCL, Python, Perl). <br></span></li><br><li><span>Understanding of Standard Cell ASIC development flow including digital design, IP integration, simulation and synthesis.&nbsp;</span></li><br><li><span>B.S. degree in Computer Engineering, Computer Science, or Electrical Engineering. <br></span></li><br></ul><br><p>&nbsp;</p><br><p><span><span>Location: <span>This role fully supports remote work for employees </span><span>residing</span><span> within the United States, with the flexibility to travel to our Chesterbrook Corporate Center </span><span>located</span><span> in Wayne, PA occasionally for in-person collaboration.</span></span></span></p><br><p><br></p><br><p><span><span>We offer a competitive compensation package that includes equity, cash, and incentives, along with health and retirement benefits. Our dynamic, flexible work environment provides the opportunity to collaborate with some of the most influential names in the semiconductor industry.</span><span>&nbsp;</span><span>&nbsp;</span></span></p><br><p>&nbsp;</p><br><p><span><span>At Cornelis Networks your base salary is only one component of your comprehensive total rewards package. Your base pay will be determined by factors such as your skills, qualifications, experience, and location relative to the hiring range for the position. Depending on your role, you may also be eligible for performance-based incentives, including an annual bonus or sales incentives.</span><span>&nbsp;</span></span></p><br><p>&nbsp;</p><br><p><span><span>In addition to your base pay, you’ll have access to a broad range of benefits, including medical, dental, and vision coverage, as well as disability and life insurance, a dependent care flexible spending account, accidental injury insurance, and pet insurance. We also offer generous paid holidays, 401(k) with company match, and Open Time Off (OTO) for regular full-time exempt employees. Other paid time off benefits include sick time, bonding leave, and pregnancy disability leave.</span><span>&nbsp;</span></span></p><br><p>&nbsp;</p><br><p><span><span>Cornelis Networks does not accept unsolicited resumes from headhunters, recruitment agencies, or fee-based recruitment services. Cornelis Networks is an equal opportunity employer, and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, pregnancy, age, national origin, disability status, genetic information, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. </span><span>We encourage applications from all qualified candidates and will accommodate applicants’ needs under the respective laws throughout all stages of the recruitment and selection process.</span><span>&nbsp;</span></span></p>

<p><strong>To apply:</strong> <a href="https://weworkremotely.com/remote-jobs/cornelis-networks-inc-senior-asic-ethernet-design-engineer">https://weworkremotely.com/remote-jobs/cornelis-networks-inc-senior-asic-ethernet-design-engineer</a></p>