<p>The Infrastructure team builds the foundation we need to support our web and mobile applications, as well as our robust API. We build and operate the software that enables Asana's security, scalability, and speed. Each day, we combine industry best-practices and innovation to support this product-focused company.</p>
<p>We're looking for a <strong>Junior Infrastructure Software Engineer (New Grad)</strong> with a growing passion for Site Reliability and Operability. You will work with a world-class team of engineers on deploying and operating existing systems, and building new ones for challenges that are unique to our problem space. You will have a unique opportunity to learn how to design, develop, and operate services that power Asana, working on projects that help define the future of our infrastructure and how we architect and operate critical services at scale.</p>
<p>This role is based in our Reykjavik office with an office-centric hybrid schedule. The standard in-office days are Monday, Tuesday, and Thursday. Most Asanas have the option to work from home on Wednesdays. Working from home on Fridays depends on the type of work you do and the teams with which you partner.</p>
<p><strong>What You’ll Achieve</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><strong>Learn and Execute:</strong> Experience growth and development by being<a href="https://blog.gitprime.com/mentor-manager-approach-employee-motivation/"> paired with a mentor</a> who will support and guide you through opportunities to stretch and learn.</li>
<li><strong>Engineering Craftsmanship:</strong> Participate in Asana’s robust technical boot camps to learn our standards for high-quality, maintainable code. You will eventually own specific technical domains through our <strong>Areas of Responsibility (AoR)</strong> system.</li>
<li><strong>Build Foundations:</strong> Contribute to projects that define the future of infrastructure for Asana, learning how we architect and operate critical services at scale.</li>
<li><strong>Global Collaboration:</strong> Partner with other infrastructure teams in San Francisco, New York, and Warsaw to understand and contribute to our service-oriented architecture while navigating cross-timezone workflows.</li>
<li><strong>Tooling &amp; Frameworks:</strong> Help develop frameworks, services, and the necessary tooling to power our application and enable other engineering teams to move faster and more safely.</li>
<li><strong>Operational Excellence:</strong> Learn and apply best practices for running applications in the cloud (AWS) and using state-of-the-art infrastructure tooling to ensure system reliability.</li>
<li><strong>Code Quality &amp; Ownership:</strong> Write high-quality code and learn to keep our services up and running. You will eventually join our on-call rotation (with extensive training and shadow support) to help investigate and resolve production problems.<strong>&nbsp;</strong></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>About You</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><strong>Early Career/New Grad:</strong> You have recently graduated (or are about to graduate in spring/summer 2026) with a degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering, or a related technical field.</li>
<li><strong>Strong Fundamentals:</strong> You have a solid understanding of programming and computer science, and have a burgeoning interest in distributed systems.</li>
<li><strong>Growth Mindset:</strong> You are looking for an environment where you and your teammates empower one another to become the best versions of yourselves and to move towards a shared goal.</li>
<li><strong>Empathetic Collaborator:</strong> You are willing and able to collaborate with different roles and functions across Asana with a keen sense of empathy.</li>
<li><strong>Fast Learner:</strong> You are a fast learner and excited to contribute and grow from day one.</li>
<li><strong>AI Curious:</strong> You have a demonstrated curiosity about AI tools and emerging technologies, with a willingness to learn and leverage them to enhance productivity and collaboration.<br><br></li>
</ul>
<p>At Asana, we're committed to building teams that include a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, and skills, as this is critical to helping us achieve our mission. If you're interested in this role and don't meet every listed requirement, we still encourage you to apply.</p>
<p><strong>What we’ll offer</strong></p>
<p>Our comprehensive compensation package plays a big part in how we recognize you for the impact you have on our path to achieving our mission. We believe that compensation should be reflective of the value you create relative to the market value of your role. To ensure pay is fair and not impacted by biases, we're committed to looking at market value which is why we check ourselves and conduct a yearly pay equity audit.</p>
<p>For this role, the estimated annual base salary range is between 9,180,000 ISK - 10,200,000 ISK. The actual base salary will vary based on various factors, including market and individual qualifications objectively assessed during the interview process. The listed range above is a guideline, and the base salary range for this role may be modified.</p>
<p>In addition to base salary, your compensation package may include additional components such as equity, sales incentive pay (for most sales roles), and benefits. If you're interviewing for this role, speak with your Talent Acquisition Partner to learn more about the total compensation and benefits for this role.</p>
<p>We strive to provide equitable and competitive benefits packages that support our employees worldwide and include:</p>
<ul>
<li>Mental health, wellness &amp; fitness benefits</li>
<li>Career coaching &amp; support</li>
<li>Inclusive family building benefits</li>
<li>Long-term savings or retirement plans</li>
<li>In-office culinary options to cater to your dietary preferences&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p>These are just some of the benefits we offer, and benefits may vary based on role, country, and local regulations. If you're interviewing for this role, speak with your Talent Acquisition Partner to learn more about the total compensation and benefits for this role.</p>
<p>#LI-AZ2</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>About us</strong></p>
<p data-pm-slice="1 1 []">Asana is a leading platform for human + AI collaboration. Millions of teams around the world rely on Asana to achieve their most important goals, faster. Asana has been named to Fortune's Best Workplaces for 7+ years and recognized by Fast Company, Forbes, and Gartner for excellence in workplace culture and innovation. We offer an exceptional office-centric culture while adopting the best elements of hybrid models to ensure that every one of our global team members can work together effortlessly. With 13+ offices all over the world, we are always looking for individuals who care about building technology that drives positive change in the world and a culture where everyone feels that they belong.</p>
<p data-pm-slice="1 1 []"><strong><a class="LinkThemeablePresentation LinkPrimaryPresentation LinkPrimaryPresentation--sentimentSelected PrimaryLink HighlightSol HighlightSol--core HighlightSol--buildingBlock" href="https://www.gem.com/form?formID=fbcdec8c-3442-43b9-9b45-d2b5f4ea25db" target="\_blank">Join Asana’s Talent Network</a></strong>&nbsp;to stay up to date on job opportunities and life at Asana.</p></div>