<div class="content-intro"><h4><strong>Join Axon and be a Force for Good.</strong></h4>
<p>At Axon, we’re on a mission to Protect Life. We’re explorers, pursuing society’s most critical safety and justice issues with our ecosystem of devices and cloud software. Like our products, we work better together. We connect with candor and care, seeking out diverse perspectives from our customers, communities and each other.<br><br>Life at Axon is fast-paced, challenging and meaningful. Here, you’ll take ownership and drive real change. Constantly grow as you work hard for a mission that matters at a company where you matter.</p></div><h2><strong>Your Impact&nbsp;</strong></h2>
<p>Digital Evidence Management Systems are key to officer efficiency, and Axon’s mobile applications—Axon App, View, and Capture—play critical roles in evidence acquisition. Axon View interacts with body-worn cameras to display live camera streams and to view and tag previously collected evidence. Axon Capture collects digital evidence (photos, videos, audio) and uploads it to Axon’s evidence management service for later processing. The Axon App provides seamless access to Axon Evidence, Axon Records, and Axon Standards on the go.<br><br></p>
<h2><strong>What You’ll Do <br></strong></h2>
<p><strong>Work Location: </strong>This role is based out of our Ho Chi Minh Office and follows a hybrid schedule. We rely on in-person collaboration and ask that team members work onsite Tuesdays through Fridays, with the flexibility to work remotely on Mondays, unless there is an approved workplace accommodation. We believe that connection fuels innovation, and our in-office culture is designed to foster meaningful teamwork, mentorship, and shared success. <br><strong>Reports to: </strong>Engineering Manager, Mobile Development</p>
<h2><strong>Your Day-to-Day</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Design, implement, and maintain features within our apps, and related shared libraries.</li>
<li>Collaborate within the Mobile Scrum teams to ensure we hit our sprint goals and with other groups to ensure we build and ship the “right” thing.</li>
<li>Set a high technical bar for the team through code and design reviews.</li>
<li>Investigate optimal solutions to challenging problems.</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>What You Bring</strong></h2>
<p>You’ve developed Android applications for at least 5 years. You know the platform inside and out and are familiar with key Android frameworks and technologies important to our applications (networking, Bluetooth, Wi-Fi, audio, video, and photo).<br>You drive engineering efforts to completion. You evaluate, plan, estimate, communicate, and collaborate. You ramp up quickly, solve problems, and resolve ambiguity. You are ready to candidly and respectfully share your wisdom and knowledge for the betterment of our team, our code, and our product. You are eager to bring our existing apps to the next level with modern Android architecture components. You are excited about developing the next generation of Axon mobile applications.</p>
<ul>
<li>Bachelor's in Computer Science or equivalent work experience.</li>
<li>5+ years shipping world-class Android applications.</li>
<li>Strongly competent in Kotlin and Java.</li>
<li>Strong track record of delivering bar-raising code on a schedule.</li>
<li>Experience demonstrating learning and application in one or more of the latest native technologies presented at Google I/O: Jetpack Compose, Room, CameraX, ExoPlayer, and Android 15.</li>
<li>Experience with modern architecture (MVVM, MVI, etc.), including unit, integration, and E2E testing.</li>
<li>Excellent communication skills.</li>
<li>SDKs: Experience related to Bluetooth, Wi-Fi, networking, camera (photo/video), audio, file management, and connecting to and interacting with third-party hardware.</li>
<li>CI/CD: Experience creating and managing automation and integration.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<h2><strong>Benefits that Benefit You</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Medical and Dental Insurance</li>
<li>Vision Insurance</li>
<li>Robust Paid Time Off policy</li>
<li>Bonuses</li>
<li>Lunch allowance</li>
<li>Cell phone stipend</li>
<li>Free LinkedIn Learning and Udemy account</li>
<li>Access to 24/7 online emotional and mental support</li>
<li>Gym membership</li>
<li>Free parking</li>
<li>Stocked fridges and pantries - free coffee, cold beverages, snacks</li>
<li>Annual Company Outing Trip</li>
<li>Monthly team social activities</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p>Don’t meet every single requirement? That's ok. At Axon, we Aim Far. We think big with a long-term view because we want to reinvent the world to be a safer, better place. We are also committed to building diverse teams that reflect the communities we serve.</p>
<p>Studies have shown that women and people of color are less likely to apply to jobs unless they check every box in the job description. If you’re excited about this role and our mission to Protect Life but your experience doesn’t align perfectly with every qualification listed here, we encourage you to apply anyways. You may be just the right candidate for this or other roles.</p>
<p><strong>Important Notes</strong></p>
<p><em>The above job description is not intended as, nor should it be construed as, exhaustive of all duties, responsibilities, skills, efforts, or working conditions associated with this job. The job description may change or be supplemented at any time in accordance with business needs and conditions.</em></p>
<p><em>Some roles may also require legal eligibility to work in a firearms environment.</em></p>
<p><em>We collect personal information from applicants to evaluate candidates for employment. You may request access, deletion, or exercise other CCPA rights at&nbsp;<strong data-stringify-type="bold"><a class="c-link c-link--underline" href="mailto:axongreenhousesupport@axon.com" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="mailto:axongreenhousesupport@axon.com" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">axongreenhousesupport@axon.com</a></strong>&nbsp;or via our&nbsp;<a class="c-link c-link--underline" href="https://privacyportal.onetrust.com/webform/0efc1702-9321-4119-bc9d-a06c3a1d3e4e/ca57cc26-a159-4193-9f6e-58ffe3fd2509" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://privacyportal.onetrust.com/webform/0efc1702-9321-4119-bc9d-a06c3a1d3e4e/ca57cc26-a159-4193-9f6e-58ffe3fd2509" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">Axon Privacy Web Form</a>. For more information, please see the Your California Privacy Rights section of our&nbsp;<a class="c-link c-link--underline" href="https://www.axon.com/candidateprivacypolicy" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://www.axon.com/candidateprivacypolicy" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">Applicant and Candidate Privacy Notice.</a></em></p>
<p><em>Axon’s mission is to Protect Life and is committed to the well-being and safety of its employees as well as Axon’s impact on the environment. All Axon employees must be aware of and committed to the appropriate environmental, health, and safety regulations, policies, and procedures. Axon employees are empowered to report safety concerns as they arise and activities potentially impacting the environment.</em></p>
<p><em>We are an equal opportunity employer that promotes justice, advances equity, values diversity and fosters inclusion. We’re committed to hiring the best talent — regardless of race, creed, color, ancestry, religion, sex (including pregnancy), national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship status, marital status, disability, gender identity, genetic information, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances — and empowering all of our employees so they can do their best work. If you have a disability or special need that requires assistance or accommodation during the application or the recruiting process, please email <a href="mailto:recruitingops@axon.com">recruitingops@axon.com. </a>&nbsp;Please note that this email address is for accommodation purposes only. Axon will not respond to inquiries for other purposes.</em></p>
<p>Phishing alert:&nbsp; Axon will never ask you to pay for any part of the hiring process, including training, equipment, or background checks. We do not make job offers via text message, WhatsApp, or instant messaging platforms without a formal interview process.&nbsp; All legitimate job openings are listed on our official careers page at <a href="https://www.axon.com/careers">https://www.axon.com/careers</a>. &nbsp;If you receive a suspicious offer or outreach from an email address that is not <strong>@axon.com</strong>, or if you are asked for sensitive personal information (bank details, Social Security Number) prematurely, please ignore the message and report it to <a href="mailto:recruitingops@axon.com">recruitingops@axon.com</a>.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p></div>