<div class="content-intro"><h2><strong>About Remote</strong></h2>
<div><span style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">Remote is solving modern organizations’ biggest challenge – navigating global employment compliantly with ease. We make it possible for businesses of all sizes to recruit, pay, and manage international teams. With our core values at heart and future focused work culture, our team works tirelessly on ambitious problems, asynchronously, around the world. You can find Remoters working from 6 different continents (Antarctica left to go!) and all of our positions are fully remote.<br><br><span class="discussion-id-2f7cb4da-dab4-8068-a80f-001c50b2d808 suggestion-update notion-enable-hover" data-token-index="0">With Innovation as one of the core values, we have built Automation and AI capabilities into the requirements for every role.</span><br><br>We encourage every member of the Remote team to bring their talents, experiences and culture to the table to help us build the best-in-class HR platform.</span></div>
<div>&nbsp;</div>
<div><span style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">If you are energetic, curious, motivated and ambitious, be part of our world. Apply now and define the future of work!</span></div></div><h2><strong>What this job can offer you</strong></h2>
<p>Now is an exciting time to join Remote and make a personal difference in the global employment space as a <strong>Solutions Consultant - Growth,</strong> focusing on our existing customers, within our Sales organization. You will be working alongside senior sales executives to help drive expansion revenue through understanding the global employment needs of our existing customers and providing tailored consultative solutions.</p>
<h2>What you bring</h2>
<ul>
<li>Excellent understanding of distributed workforce solutions and international HRIS and payroll solutions. Deep experience and knowledge of any of the following will be highly desirable: Global Payroll, HRIS, contractor management tools or platforms, Employer of Record.</li>
<li>Solution consulting, and / or consulting experience highly desirable, with a proven ability to employ consultative techniques to understand client needs, build rapport, and provide insightful recommendations</li>
<li>A very good understanding of sales cycles, sales processes and a strong sales acumen</li>
<li>Excellent storyteller, with extremely strong written and verbal presentation skills. You are able to convey complex concepts in a clear and compelling manner</li>
<li>Strong technical aptitude, with the ability to quickly learn, understand, demonstrate and analyse software solutions</li>
<li>Comfort with AI tools and emerging technologies, with ability to quickly adopt and integrate new solutions into consultative workflows</li>
<li>Intellectual curiosity and self-directed learning mindset, with demonstrated ability to quickly master complex technical domains</li>
<li>Collaborative mindset with ability to influence cross-functional stakeholders and drive alignment without direct authority</li>
<li>Passion for remote work and a global outlook strongly preferred</li>
<li>Thrives in ambiguity and rapid change, with proven ability to reprioritize and adapt strategies in response to evolving customer needs and business priorities</li>
<li>Experience working in high-growth or scale-up environments</li>
<li>Writes and speaks fluent English; additional fluency in Spanish or French considered a plus</li>
</ul>
<h2>Job Responsibilities</h2>
<ul>
<li>Partner closely with Account Managers in the AMER sales team to help understand and address customer business goals and requirements</li>
<li>Develop a deep understanding of Remote's product offerings and technical capabilities, and be continuously curious about our product releases and roadmap</li>
<li>Lead consultative engagements with customers, exploring their technical and business challenges, and focusing on articulating the value of Remote’s multiple product offering</li>
<li>Build trusted advisor relationships through deep industry expertise, acting as a strategic partner in customers' global workforce transformation</li>
<li>Drive measurable impact on expansion ARR, deal velocity, and win rates through consultative excellence</li>
<li>Partner with and advise internal cross-functional teams including sales, product, marketing, customer success and sales enablement to ensure a seamless buyer experience and a successful implementation of solutions</li>
<li>Keep up to date with industry trends, best practices and challenges faced by our customers in global and distributed talent employment strategies</li>
</ul>
<h2>Practicals</h2>
<ul>
<li><strong>You'll report to:</strong> Manager, Solutions Consulting (AMER)</li>
<li><strong>Direct reports:</strong> None</li>
<li><strong>Team:</strong> Sales - Solutions Consulting</li>
<li><strong>Location</strong>: For this position we welcome everyone to apply, but we will prioritize applications from the following locations as we encourage our teams to diversify;
<ul>
<li>AMER timezone</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li><strong>Start date:</strong> As soon as possible</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Remote Compensation Philosophy</strong></h2>
<p>Remote's <a href="https://www.notion.so/people-Total-Rewards-1945bce8d3924ece9421ba8630f57b0c?pvs=21">Total Rewards philosophy</a> is to ensure fair, unbiased compensation and fair equity pay along with competitive benefits in all locations in which we operate. We do not agree to or encourage cheap-labor practices and therefore we ensure to pay above in-location rates. We hope to inspire other companies to support global talent-hiring and bring local wealth to developing countries.</p>
<p>At first glance our salary bands seem quite wide - here is some context. At Remote we have international operations and a globally distributed workforce. We use geo ranges to consider geographic pay differentials as part of our global compensation strategy to remain competitive in various markets while we hiring globally.</p>
<p>The base salary range for this full-time position is between $150,000 USD to $170,000 USD. Our salary ranges are determined by role, level and location, and our job titles may span more than one career level. The actual base pay for the successful candidate in this role is dependent upon many factors such as location, transferable or job-related skills, work experience, relevant training, business needs, and market demands. The base salary range may be subject to change.</p>
<h2>Benefits</h2>
<p>You can learn more about the benefits we're offering to all internal employees at Remote by visiting our public <a href="https://www.notion.so/Benefits-Perks-1e48a5869c274f40910b76d405b92f63?pvs=21">Benefits &amp; Perks Handbook page</a> (at <a href="https://www.notion.so/Benefits-Perks-1e48a5869c274f40910b76d405b92f63?pvs=21">www.notion.so/people-Benefits-perks-1e48a5869c274f40910b76d405b92f63</a><strong>)</strong>.</p>
<h2><strong>Application process</strong></h2>
<ol>
<li>Profile review</li>
<li>Interview with Recruiter (30 min)</li>
<li>Interview with Hiring Manager (45 min)</li>
<li>Peer interview with a Solutions Consultant (45 min)</li>
<li>Role play / case study presentation with a Panel (45 min)</li>
<li><a href="https://www.notion.so/Bar-Raiser-Interviews-145cb4dadab4805386fbed0892ae0f53?pvs=21">Interview with a Bar Raiser</a> (30 min)</li>
<li><a href="https://www.notion.so/Veremark-Remote-96e108c037b8423cbd4c3f07a1f9b38b?pvs=21">Prior employment verification check(s)</a></li>
<li>Offer</li>
</ol>
<h2></h2><div class="content-pay-transparency"><div class="pay-input"><div class="description"><p>Remote's <a href="https://www.notion.so/remotecom/people-Total-Rewards-1945bce8d3924ece9421ba8630f57b0c">Total Rewards philosophy</a> is to ensure fair, unbiased compensation and fair <span class="link-annotation-unknown-block-id-1691622878">equity</span><span class="discussion-level-1 discussion-id-f2a82bc4-09e4-4a71-ad93-755b1d26a690 notion-enable-hover" data-token-index="3"> pay </span>along with competitive benefits in all locations in which we operate. We do not agree to or encourage cheap-labor practices and therefore we ensure to pay above in-location rates. We hope to inspire other companies to support global talent-hiring and bring local wealth to developing countries.</p>
<p>At first glance our salary bands seem quite wide - here is some context. At Remote we have international operations and a globally distributed workforce.&nbsp; We use geo ranges to consider geographic pay differentials as part of our global compensation strategy to remain competitive in various markets while we hiring globally.<br><br>Our salary ranges are determined by role, level and location, and our job titles may span more than one career level. The actual base pay for the successful candidate in this role is dependent upon many factors such as location, transferable or job-related skills, work experience, relevant training, business needs, and market demands. The base salary range may be subject to change.<br><br><em data-stringify-type="italic">At Remote, we foster internal mobility as a key element of our culture of employee growth and development, supported by a compensation philosophy that guarantees pay equity and fairness. Therefore, all compensation changes associated with an internal move will be reviewed by the Total Rewards &amp; People Enablement team on a case by case basis.</em></p></div><div class="title">The annual salary range for this full-time position is</div><div class="pay-range"><span>$150,000</span><span class="divider">&mdash;</span><span>$170,000 USD</span></div></div></div><div class="content-conclusion"><h2><strong>Benefits</strong></h2>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section">
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">Our full benefits &amp; perks are explained in our handbook at&nbsp;<a class="c-link" href="http://remote.com/r/benefits" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="http://remote.com/r/benefits" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">remote.com/r/benefits</a>. As a global company, each country works differently, but some benefits/perks are for all Remoters:</span></div>
<ul class="p-rich\_text\_list p-rich\_text\_list\_\_bullet" data-stringify-type="unordered-list" data-indent="0" data-border="0">
<li style="font-size: 12pt;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">work from anywhere</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">flexible paid time off</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">flexible working hours (we are&nbsp;<a class="c-link" href="https://remote.com/async" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://www.notion.so/remotecom/Working-Async-at-Remote-80c01cd443ad4c77a8ceaef7c5fba5d0" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">async</a>)</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">16 weeks paid parental leave</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">mental health support services</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">stock options</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">learning budget</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">home office budget &amp; IT equipment</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">budget for local in-person social events or co-working spaces</span></li>
</ul>
</div>
<h2><strong>How you’ll plan your day (and life)</strong></h2>
<p><span style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">We work async at Remote which means you can plan your schedule around your life (and not around meetings). Read more at <a href="https://remote.com/async" target="\_blank">remote.com/async</a>.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">You will be empowered to take ownership and be proactive. When in doubt you will default to action instead of waiting. Your <strong>life-work balance</strong> is important and you will be encouraged to put yourself and your family first, and fit work around your needs.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">If that sounds like something you want, apply now!</span></p>
<h2><strong>How to apply</strong></h2>
<ol>
<li style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;"><span style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">Please fill out the form below and upload your CV with a PDF format.</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;"><span style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;"><strong data-stringify-type="bold">We kindly ask you to submit your application and CV in English, as this is the standardised language we use here at Remote.</strong></span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif; text-align: left;"><span style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">If you don’t have an up to date CV but you are still interested in talking to us, please feel free to add a copy of your LinkedIn profile instead.</span></li>
</ol>
<p><span style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">Not only do we encourage folks from all ethnic groups, genders, sexuality, age, abilities, disability status and any other under-represented group to apply, but we prioritize a sense of belonging. We have 4 ERGs (Women, Disability, Queer, Minorities in Tech) who meet regularly with the People team. During your interviews and beyond, we ask &amp; encourage anybody who needs an accommodation to request one from their recruiter.<br></span></p>
<p><span style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">We will ask you to voluntarily tell us your pronouns at interview stage, and you will have the option to answer our anonymous demographic questionnaire when you apply below. As an equal employment opportunity employer it’s important to us that our workforce reflects people of all backgrounds, identities, and experiences and this data will help us to stay accountable. We thank you for providing this data, if you chose to.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">At Remote, we embrace AI as a valuable tool while prioritizing human creativity and authenticity.&nbsp;We look forward to meeting candidates who balance innovation with genuine expertise and experience.&nbsp;To learn more about Remote's AI guidelines check see&nbsp;<a href="https://www.notion.so/remotecom/Guidelines-on-using-AI-when-applying-for-a-job-at-Remote-11ccb4dadab4805f80a7c73b6567bd8f" target="\_blank" data-saferedirecturl="https://www.google.com/url?q=https://www.notion.so/remotecom/Guidelines-on-using-AI-when-applying-for-a-job-at-Remote-11ccb4dadab4805f80a7c73b6567bd8f&amp;source=gmail&amp;ust=1733927526443000&amp;usg=AOvVaw2sIVooKuyGfRra1PtGXreV">here</a>.&nbsp;</span><br><br><span style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;"><em>Please note we accept applications on an ongoing basis.&nbsp;</em></span></p></div>