<p>Canonical is a leading provider of open source software and operating systems to the global enterprise and technology markets. Our platform, Ubuntu, is very widely used in breakthrough enterprise initiatives such as public cloud, data science, AI, engineering innovation and IoT. Our customers include the world's leading public cloud and silicon providers, and industry leaders in many sectors. The company is a pioneer of global distributed collaboration, with 1100+ colleagues in 75+ countries and very few office based roles. Teams meet two to four times yearly in person, in interesting locations around the world, to align on strategy and execution.</p>
<p>The company is founder led, profitable and growing.</p>
<p>We are hiring a Cloud Support Engineer to deliver an outstanding technical support experience on the full cloud technical stack at Canonical.&nbsp; Combine your Linux support and software engineering skills, passion for technology, and your general knowledge of the full stack, from hardware to application, networking, Linux and open source, to help customers get the most from their solution from Canonical. Our team provides exceptional technical support and engineering solutions to help customers with everything open source from Ubuntu Server and Desktop to OpenStack and Kubernetes. This is an exceptional opportunity for an open source technologist who enjoys solving problems under pressure. If you have a passion for the latest open source technologies, technical support, cloud-native development, data-center technologies such as OpenStack, Kubernetes and networking, you will love the Cloud Support Engineer role at Canonical.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Location: </strong>This role is office-based in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia. Candidates must be based there or have the ability to relocate.&nbsp;</p>
<h4><strong>The role entails</strong></h4>
<ul>
<li>Apply your knowledge of Linux virtualisation using Libvirt/KVM, containers and Kubernetes along with your knowledge of TCP/IP networking to support customised solutions for our customers.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Be the technical authority and demonstrate your experience with popular open source software such as PostgreSQL, Corosync/Pacemaker, MongoDB, MySQL and Apache.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Provide advice on deployed architecture, implementing solutions for complex problems and guiding customers to successful data-center infrastructure operations</li>
<li>Communicate regularly with the customer team about ongoing issues</li>
</ul>
<h4><strong>What we are looking for in you</strong></h4>
<ul>
<li>Professional written and spoken English with excellent presentation skills</li>
<li>Exceptional academic track record from both high school and university</li>
<li>Undergraduate degree in a technical subject or a compelling narrative about your alternative chosen path</li>
<li>Track record of going above-and-beyond expectations to achieve outstanding results</li>
<li>Hands-on and <strong>extensive working experience in</strong>:</li>
<ul>
<li>Virtualization / Cloud - primarily using KVM or OpenStack.</li>
<li>Containers - especially with Docker, LXD/LXC, or Kubernetes.</li>
<li>Storage technologies - block, object and network.</li>
</ul>
<li>Cloud computing expertise in provisioning, monitoring, orchestration, etc.</li>
<li><strong>Professional experience with OpenStack and/or Ceph is a strong plus</strong></li>
<li>Open source development or scripting experience</li>
<li>Extensive Customer support experience is key:</li>
<ul>
<li>Customer needs are top priority.</li>
<li>Communicate professionally, emphatically, clearly and set the right expectations.</li>
</ul>
<li>Ability to travel internationally twice a year for company events up to two weeks long.</li>
</ul>
<h4><strong>What we offer colleagues</strong></h4>
<p>We consider geographical location, experience, and performance in shaping compensation worldwide. We revisit compensation annually (and more often for graduates and associates) to ensure we recognise outstanding performance. In addition to base pay, we offer a performance-driven annual bonus or commission. We provide all team members with additional benefits, which reflect our values and ideals. We balance our programs to meet local needs and ensure fairness globally.</p>
<ul>
<li>Distributed work environment with twice-yearly team sprints in person</li>
<li>Personal learning and development budget of USD 2,000 per year</li>
<li>Annual compensation review</li>
<li>Recognition rewards</li>
<li>Annual holiday leave</li>
<li>Maternity and paternity leave</li>
<li>Employee Assistance Programme</li>
<li>Opportunity to travel to new locations to meet colleagues</li>
<li>Priority Pass, and travel upgrades for long haul company events</li>
</ul>
<h4><strong>About Canonical</strong></h4>
<p>Canonical is a pioneering tech firm at the forefront of the global move to open source. As the company that publishes Ubuntu, one of the most important open source projects and the platform for AI, IoT and the cloud, we are changing the world of software. We recruit on a global basis and set a very high standard for people joining the company. We expect excellence - in order to succeed, we need to be the best at what we do. Most colleagues at Canonical have worked from home since its inception in 2004.​ Working here is a step into the future, and will challenge you to think differently, work smarter, learn new skills, and raise your game.</p>
<h4><strong>Canonical is an equal opportunity employer</strong></h4>
<p>We are proud to foster a workplace free from discrimination. Diversity of experience, perspectives, and background create a better work environment and better products.<a href="https://canonical.com/careers/diversity/identity"> Whatever your identity, we will give your application fair consideration.</a></p>
<p>#LI-remote</p>