<p><strong>This is Adyen</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Adyen provides payments, data, and financial products in a single solution for customers like Meta, Uber, H&amp;M, and Microsoft - making us the financial technology platform of choice. At Adyen, everything we do is engineered for ambition.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">For our teams, we create an environment with opportunities for our people to succeed, backed by the culture and support to ensure they are enabled to truly own their careers. We are motivated individuals who tackle unique technical challenges at scale and solve them as a team. Together, we deliver innovative and ethical solutions that help businesses achieve their ambitions faster.</span></p>
<p><strong>The role</strong></p>
<p>Merchant Operations (MOps) ensures compliance for new and existing customers through first-line teams (CDD, Credit Risk, Fraud, Card Scheme Ops, AML). Evolving customer needs, products, and regulations make compliant journeys complex and our teams require a reliable infrastructure for growth.<br><br>The new MOps Excellence team supports this function with tool stack, priority projects and product enablement, empowering them to focus on customers and enhance productivity, growth and operational excellence. One of our goals is to unify the MOps tool stack and boost operational efficiency and data reliability. It’s our mission to scale the organization through an unified, tool-centric framework that harmonizes rigorous risk integrity with a customer-first mindset.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>About the role</strong></p>
<p>We are looking for a proactive, detail-oriented and strategic Project Manager to join our Merchant Operations Enablement team. In this role, you will be responsible for executing several projects, aligning with the overall MOps strategy. This role involves close cross-functional collaboration with subject matter experts to address inefficiencies and ensure project execution according to plan.</p>
<p><strong>What you’ll do</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><strong>Project Management:</strong> Drive the execution of projects from initiation to closure, including defining scope, creating detailed project plans, tracking progress, and managing risks and dependencies.</li>
<li><strong>Stakeholder Coordination:</strong> Facilitate effective communication and collaboration among cross-functional teams, including Merchant Operations, Product, Tech, and other relevant departments, to ensure alignment and successful project delivery.</li>
<li><strong>Process Improvement:</strong> Identify bottlenecks and inefficiencies in current operational workflows and propose scalable solutions, aligning with our "Build for Scale" and "Service - The Adyen Way in Action" principles.</li>
<li><strong>Documentation and Reporting:</strong> Maintain comprehensive project documentation, including meeting notes, action items, and progress reports. Provide regular updates to leadership on project status, risks, and achievements.</li>
<li><strong>Meeting Facilitation:</strong> Support the preparation and execution of strategic leadership meetings by contributing to agenda development, facilitating discussions, and ensuring clear takeaways, owners, and timelines are established.</li>
<li><strong>Problem Solving:</strong> Proactively identify and address challenges, seeking support and alternative perspectives when faced with complex issues.</li>
<li><strong>Continuous Improvement:</strong> Contribute to a culture of continuous learning and improvement within the team, actively seeking feedback and opportunities to enhance project management methodologies and team effectiveness.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Who you are</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>A highly organized individual with a strong ability to manage multiple projects simultaneously and prioritize effectively.</li>
<li>An excellent communicator, capable of conveying complex information clearly and concisely to diverse audiences.</li>
<li>Proactive and resourceful, with a knack for identifying problems and driving them to resolution.</li>
<li>A collaborative team player who thrives in a fast-paced, dynamic environment.</li>
<li>Data-driven and analytical, able to understand key metrics and leverage them to inform project decisions.</li>
<li>Experienced in project coordination or management, preferably within an operations or enablement context.</li>
<li>You align with our commitment to accountability and follow-through on assigned tasks.</li>
<li>3+ years of experience in Anti-Money Laundering (AML), Customer Due Diligence (CDD), Fraud, Scheme Operations, or Credit Risk is preferred.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Our Diversity, Equity and Inclusion commitments&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Our unique approach is a product of our diverse perspectives. This diversity of backgrounds and cultures is essential in helping us maintain our momentum. Our business and technical challenges are unique, and we need as many different voices as possible to join us in solving them - voices like yours. No matter who you are or where you’re from, we welcome you to be your true self at Adyen.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Studies show that women and members of underrepresented communities apply for jobs only if they meet 100% of the qualifications. Does this sound like you? If so, Adyen encourages you to reconsider and apply. We look forward to your application!</span></p>
<p><strong>What’s next?</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Ensuring a smooth and enjoyable candidate experience is critical for us. We aim to get back to you regarding your application within 5 business days. Our interview process tends to take about 4 weeks to complete, but may fluctuate depending on the role. </span><a href="https://careers.adyen.com/how-we-hire"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Learn more about our hiring process here</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">. Don’t be afraid to let us know if you need more flexibility.</span></p>
<p>This role is based out of our Amsterdam office. We are an office-first company and value in-person collaboration; we do not offer remote-only roles.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>