Pioneer of online flash sales since 2001 and key player in European e-commerce, Veepee collaborates with over 7,000 brands to offer highly discounted products available for a limited time. Operating across various sectors, including fashion, home, wine, travel or beauty... Veepee achieved a turnover of 3.3 billion euros incl. VAT in 2024 and employs 5,000 staff members across 10 countries.

## 📄 JOB DESCRIPTION

- You support the communications team responsible for internal communication and the organization of B2B activities.
- This means you will be involved in the planning and execution of all activities related to this responsibility, ranging from administrative tasks, creating presentations, and organizing events in collaboration with the event manager, to writing and publishing internal articles on Veepee’s intranet.

## 🎯 TASKS

- You keep an overview of all planned activities and their corresponding budget and ensure the related files are kept up to date.
- You prepare the presentations in which all our activities are shared with headquarters. This includes managing the photo materials from all activities and tracking the results linked to the KPIs.
- You write and publish articles about our internal activities and manage the content calendar.
- At both internal and external events, you assist the event manager with various practical tasks that are determined per event.

## 👉 MUST HAVE skills

- You have a professional command of English, both spoken and written.
- Knowledge of Dutch or French is preferred.
- You are familiar with Belgian culture.
- You work accurately and independently.
- You are familiar with Google and all related tools.
- You have a flair for writing and enjoy creating content.
- You love to do many different things.
- You are highly creative when it comes to developing new concepts.
- You are available for minimum 4 months, starting September 2026

## 👉 NICE TO HAVE skills

- You have a talent for photography, and you're good with a camera.
- You're comfortable using Photoshop and other editing tools.
- You speak German and are familiar with German culture.
- You have a category B driving license.

## ✅ BENEFITS

- 👉 Experience at the biggest e-commerce flash sale player in the Benelux.
- 👉 Experience in a dynamic international environment.
- 👉 A paid internship.
- 👉 Access to online learning platforms.
- 👉 Flexible working hours.
- 👉 Participate in fun activities.

## ❓ TEAM, WHO WE ARE ?

- The internal communications team is responsible for informing and engaging all Veepee colleagues in Belgium, the Netherlands, and Germany.
- We do this through a wide range of communication tools and platforms, as well as through small and large-scale events. In addition, we support our commercial teams in their mission to build strong and lasting relationships with brand partners. We achieve this by organizing seminars, exclusive dinners, and cultural events, among other things.
- You will be involved in various aspects of these responsibilities as an intern.

## ⚙️RECRUITMENT PROCESS

- 1️⃣ HR Video interview
- 2️⃣ Manager's interview

All our positions are open to people with health conditions or impairments.

We are convinced that it is up to you to define the way you work, to develop yourself and to progress. At Veepee we guarantee that you can just be yourself! For the service of diversity and inclusion, Veepee is committed to reviewing all applications received on an equal basis.

🔗COMPANY

For more information about our ecosystem :  <https://careers.veepee.com/en/home-page-en/>

The Veepee Group processes your data collected as part of the management of your recruitment in order to manage your application file for the position for which you have applied. To find out more about our [personal data protection policy](https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vSo1RtdSKVW0sLLtdwWOSoM3PzGXfqS030q1JrdJXDuOJXfhVwx_YLrrQYJcLQUpA/pub), we invite you to consult it on our career site.