<div class="content-intro"><p><strong data-stringify-type="bold">Why work at Nebius<br></strong>Nebius is leading a new era in cloud computing to serve the global AI economy. We create the tools and resources our customers need to solve real-world challenges and transform industries, without massive infrastructure costs or the need to build large in-house AI/ML teams. Our employees work at the cutting edge of AI cloud infrastructure alongside some of the most experienced and innovative leaders and engineers in the field.</p>
<p><strong>Where we work<br></strong>Headquartered in Amsterdam and listed on Nasdaq, Nebius has a global footprint with R&amp;D hubs across Europe, North America, and Israel. The team of over 1400 employees includes more than 400 highly skilled engineers with deep expertise across hardware and software engineering, as well as an in-house AI R&amp;D team.</p></div><p><strong><span data-ccp-props="{}">The role</span></strong></p>
<p>Nebius is looking for a <strong>Technical Product Manager – Networks</strong> to join the team. In this role, you will will own the vision, roadmap, and priorities for networking services, including <strong>overlay (VPC) networks, underlay networks (data center fabric and WAN), and DNS</strong>.</p>
<p>Also, you will be responsible for shaping and managing backlogs for networking service teams and leading key, company-wide initiatives related to connectivity. This role requires strong technical depth combined with the ability to coordinate across engineering, development, product, technical support and go-to-market teams.</p>
<p><strong><span data-contrast="auto"><span data-ccp-charstyle="Strong">Your responsibilities will include:</span></span></strong><span data-ccp-props="{&quot;134233117&quot;:true,&quot;134233118&quot;:true}">&nbsp;</span></p>
<ul>
<li>Own and manage the product backlog for network service teams</li>
<li>Lead and coordinate key cross-company implementations involving networking and connectivity</li>
<li>Work closely with engineering and architecture teams to define product requirements and deliver new networking features</li>
<li>Partner with product marketing and technical pre-sales/post-sales teams on technical publications, go-to-market activities, customer engagement, acquisition, and retention activities related to networking features</li>
<li>Ensure the delivery of networking services that meet high standards for <strong>performance, security, scalability, and reliability.</strong></li>
</ul>
<p><strong><span data-contrast="auto"><span data-ccp-charstyle="Strong">We expect you to have:</span></span></strong><span data-ccp-props="{&quot;134233117&quot;:true,&quot;134233118&quot;:true}">&nbsp;</span></p>
<ul>
<li>Experience designing, implementing, or operating <strong>large-scale automated network solutions</strong> in senior engineering, architecture, or technical leadership roles (e.g., large enterprises, hyperscalers, cloud providers, or other advanced technology companies)</li>
<li>Hands-on familiarity with technologies such as <strong>OVS, DNS, L2VPN, L3VPN, VXLAN, BGP, and IPv6 at scale</strong></li>
<li>Strong technical expertise in <strong>at</strong> <strong>least two </strong>of the following areas:
<ul>
<li>Linux networking stack</li>
<li>Overlay / SDN networking</li>
<li>ISP or large-scale service provider networking</li>
<li>DevNet / network automation</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Proven track record of delivering complex technical initiatives requiring coordination across multiple teams or stakeholders</li>
<li>Technical leadership experience is a strong plus</li>
<li>Product management experience is<strong> not required</strong>, but a strong willingness to learn and grow into the role is essential.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>About Nebius</strong></p>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">Nebius AI is an AI cloud platform with one of the largest GPU capacities in Europe. Launched in November 2023, the Nebius AI platform provides high-end, training-optimized infrastructure for AI practitioners. As an NVIDIA preferred cloud service provider, Nebius AI offers a variety of NVIDIA GPUs for training and inference, as well as a set of tools for efficient multi-node training.</span><span data-ccp-props="{}">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">Nebius AI owns a data center in Finland, built from the ground up by the company’s R&amp;D team and showcasing our commitment to sustainability. The data center is home to ISEG, the most powerful commercially available supercomputer in Europe and the 16th most powerful globally (Top 500 list, November 2023).&nbsp;</span><span data-ccp-props="{}">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">Nebius’s headquarters are in Amsterdam, Netherlands, with teams working out of R&amp;D hubs across Europe and the Middle East.</span><span data-ccp-props="{}">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">Nebius AI is built with the talent of more than 500 highly skilled engineers with a proven track record in developing sophisticated cloud and ML solutions and designing cutting-edge hardware. This allows all the layers of the Nebius AI cloud – from hardware to UI – to be built in-house, distictly differentiating Nebius AI from the majority of specialized clouds: Nebius customers get a true hyperscaler-cloud experience tailored for AI practitioners. We’re growing and expanding our products every day.&nbsp;</span></p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>What we offer</strong>&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>Competitive salary and comprehensive benefits package.</li>
<li>Opportunities for professional growth within Nebius.</li>
<li>Flexible working arrangements.</li>
<li>A dynamic and collaborative work environment that values initiative and innovation.</li>
</ul>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">We’re growing and expanding our products every day. If you’re up to the challenge and are excited about AI and ML as much as we are, join us!</span></p></div>