At Layup Parts, our mission is simple: **deliver composite parts faster**. We’re not just another machine shop—we’re a **technology-first manufacturing startup**that’s revolutionizing how composite tooling and parts are made for the aerospace, defense, and motorsports industries. Our customers are developing tomorrow's high-tech products, and we are building technology to accelerate their success.

We design, machine, print, and build faster than anyone else in the industry and we’re looking for CNC Programmers who thrive in high-performance environments and want to be part of the team that’s redefining what’s possible in advanced manufacturing.

We value initiative and attitude and are building a team of outstanding individuals who take pride in their work, enjoy mentoring and learning from others, and are eager to tackle any challenge.

## What You'll work on:

- Program CNC machines including 3 and 5 axis mills (currently Zimmerman and HAAS machines).
- Program, set-up, and operate LFAM 3D Printers, as well as smaller resin and filament fed 3D printers.
- Inspect parts and provide tolerance reports for printed and machined molds and tooling as well as finished composite parts.
- Provide DFM feedback to engineers to improve our processes, and opportunities for cost down efforts.

## Who You Are:

- **Be awesome! Be the kind of person you want to work with!**
- Be a strong team member, able to give and accept help to deliver quality parts on time.
- Identify and solve problems quickly, and to communicate issues clearly to prevent recurring issues.
- Have a high sense of urgency, with a strong attention to detail and a resolve to deliver the highest quality.
- Have 5+ years' experience as a programmer using CAM software such as MasterCAM, HyperMILL, NX, Esprit, etc. including some amount of 5-axis simultaneous machining.
- Have 5+ years' experience as a machine setup/operator
- Have experience with programming and operating 5-axis gantry machines.
- Be able to read and interpret manufacturing drawings, with a strong understanding of GD&T.
- Have experience doing post and in-process inspection using common measuring tools such as calipers, micrometers, scales, etc.
- Be comfortable learning new methods and technologies and incorporating them into your workflow.
- Be able to lift 50 pounds unassisted.

## Bonus Points:

- Have experience in CAM softwares such as Tebis, Esprit, Hypermill, or similar.
- Have experience in tooling / mold making in aerospace and/or motorsport.
- Have experience with CMM and surface scanning inspection equipment.
- Have experience in a mix of R&D / development as well as production environments.
- Have experience programming and running 3D printers either small or ideally large format.
- Have experience with CAD software like Siemens NX, Solidworks, or Catia.
- Have the flexibility to work extended hours/weekends when required to meet customer timelines.

**Equal Opportunity**

Layup is an equal-opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will be treated with respect and receive equal consideration for employment without regard to race, color, creed, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, uniform service, Veteran status, age, or any other protected characteristic per federal, state, or local law, including those with a criminal history, in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable state and local laws, including the CA Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance.

**ITAR Requirements**

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C. § 1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C. § 1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR [here](https://www.pmddtc.state.gov/?id=ddtc_kb_article_page&sys_id=24d528fddbfc930044f9ff621f961987).