<div class="content-intro"><p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Every day, tens of millions of people come to Roblox to explore, create, play, learn, and connect with friends in 3D immersive digital experiences– all created by our global community of developers and creators.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">At Roblox, we’re building the tools and platform that empower our community to bring any experience that they can imagine to life. Our vision is to reimagine the way people come together, from anywhere in the world, and on any device.</span><strong> </strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re on a mission to connect a billion people with optimism and civility, and looking for amazing talent to help us get there.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">A career at Roblox means you’ll be working to shape the future of human interaction, solving unique technical challenges at scale, and helping to create safer, more civil shared experiences for everyone.</span></p></div><p>Based in Singapore, as the Sr Director of Public Policy, APAC, you will be playing a key role in defining our local strategy, including how our participation in trade groups, work with NGOs, regulatory commitments and compliance, and proactive work to scale our business will help best position Roblox for the future.&nbsp;</p>
<p>You will be responsible for understanding our Community Rules and other policies and helping to develop and refine specific principles and policies. The ideal candidate will be able to work independently and remotely from HQ, as well as collaboratively with all internal stakeholders. You’re comfortable identifying policy issues, solving those issues, and bringing improved products to our players and creators. You should be passionate about our mission, the community we serve, and the policy issues we need to address. Above all else, you appreciate that relationships often drive outcomes and work excellently and collaboratively with others.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>You Are&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>A Champion of the Mission: Drive the company’s vision by applying a deep passion for public policy issues, domestic and international, to serve the community and address critical policy matters.</li>
<li>Persuasive in your Communications: Influence key audiences as a dynamic and engaging presenter capable of stellar written and oral delivery across multiple platforms, both live and virtual.</li>
<li>An Operational Strategist: Ensure execution excellence through being detail-oriented, applying strong communication, planning and organizational skills to complex policy challenges.</li>
<li>A Relationship Builder: Secure cross-departmental success by being collaborative and leveraging strong relationship building skills to get things done in partnership with other groups.</li>
<li>Leading with full Agency: Accelerate regional operations by being self-directed, demonstrating the ability to define your own work and processes while working independently from HQ.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>You Will</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Position Roblox for the future by defining a comprehensive Public Policy for APAC and implementing related programs, including local strategy and regulatory commitments.</li>
<li>Proactively protect the business by identifying, monitoring, and analyzing policy issues affecting Roblox in APAC.</li>
<li>Drive informed decision-making by advising Roblox internal stakeholders on public policy matters to serve as key inputs to the development of our products and business operations.</li>
<li>Clearly define and defend the company's stance by articulating public policy positions in briefing papers and consultation responses.</li>
<li>Manage reputation and relationships by communicating with external stakeholders on behalf of Roblox on public policy topics.</li>
<li>Ensure organizational cohesion by communicating the public policies to all internal stakeholders and providing governance for and stakeholder updates on product policies.</li>
<li>Protect the platform's integrity by ensuring that Roblox stays in compliance with our product policies.</li>
<li>Drive organizational integrity by overseeing and influencing change necessary to achieve policy compliance objectives and foster a culture of compliance across the organization.</li>
<li>Enhance product relevance by working with external stakeholders to thoroughly understand and account for the views of external stakeholders about our product policies.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>You Have</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>A strong Educational Foundation: Apply critical thinking derived from a Bachelor's degree in Policy, Law, Media, Science, Engineering, Technology, or related field of study.</li>
<li>Industry Expertise: Navigate complex digital landscapes leveraging 10+ years of experience as a Public Policy Leader at an internet, e-commerce, social, or gaming company.</li>
<li>Network Utilization: Advance safety and regulatory goals through experience working with policymakers, child safety groups and international organizations.</li>
<li>Cross-Functional Synergy: Unify business objectives by being able to work seamlessly with cross-functional teams consisting of business operations, financial and legal stakeholders.</li>
<li>Execution Excellence: Deliver complex initiatives on time by being experienced with project/program management and maintaining the ability to keep multiple concurrent deliverables moving forward on schedule.</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><p>Roles that are based in an office are onsite Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thursday, with optional presence on Monday and Friday (unless otherwise noted).</p>
<p>Roblox provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any type without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws. Roblox also provides reasonable accommodations to candidates with qualifying disabilities or religious beliefs during the recruiting process.</p>
<p>For US based roles only, please note the Company may not be able to employ candidates for this role who have United States work authorization related to certain U.S. visa categories, or support future H-1B sponsorship at this time.</p></div>