<p><strong>About this opportunity:</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 300;">At Freenome we are seeking a Senior Software Engineer to grow our Platform team. This is an opportunity to join a stellar group of engineers with the mission to enable scientific innovation, cross-functional collaboration and data intelligence as we move from R&amp;D to the commercial launch of our lifesaving multi-cancer detection blood tests. This team builds and operates the multi-tenant platform that provides a governed data lakehouse and query infrastructure, scalable batch and distributed compute, and self-service environments for development and analytics to an interdisciplinary user base across all Freenome.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 300;">The ideal candidate has experience building internal platforms, enjoys collaborating with other domain experts, and is comfortable operating in a fast-evolving technical and organizational environment.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 300;">The role reports to our engineering management team. This role will be a Remote role.<br></span></p>
<p><strong>What you’ll do:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Lead projects end to end and contribute to impactful platform initiatives that power R&amp;D, operational excellence and business intelligence analytics.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Partner with engineers, scientists, product managers and business teams to identify high-leverage opportunities and build common solutions.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Integrate open-source, enterprise and SaaS technologies into our evolving stack.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Design and ship components of a new platform architecture to enable multi-tenancy, fine-grained data governance, workload isolation and scaling.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Contribute to the growth of our Data Lakehouse platforms, enabling well governed data products for analytical and operational use cases.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Continuously improve the Research Platform to meet our Science’s evolving needs for experimentation, ML Ops, data processing and analysis.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Help shape how we approach data modeling, context engineering and emerging semantic layers to make data easier to discover and to use. </span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Advocate for a product mindset within Platform and Data engineering at Freenome, focusing on developer effectiveness and platform usability.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Explore and pilot AI-assisted or agentic workflows to enhance individual and team productivity, sharing learnings with the broader organization.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Collaborate through system design, code reviews and pairing, promoting a strong team culture of accountability, learning, and psychological safety.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Support platform users to troubleshoot issues and unblock critical work.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Model Freenome’s values and principles in your work and interactions.<br></span></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Must haves:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">6+ years of experience building and operating highly reliable production software systems, preferably in platform engineering teams or similar.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Proficiency with Python and experience with one or more other high-level programming languages.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Strong knowledge of Linux fundamentals including networking and containerization.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Hands-on experience operating cloud services, storage and compute using IaC with at least one major cloud provider, preferably Azure or GCP.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Operational experience managing and optimizing large Kubernetes clusters, preferably in single or multi-cluster environments with thousands of nodes.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">A pragmatic approach to reliability, observability, performance tuning, and operational excellence.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Excellent communication and documentation skills.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Comfort with cross-functional collaboration and navigating tradeoffs.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">BS or higher in computer science or a related technical field, or comparable experience.<br></span></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Nice to haves:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><span style="font-weight: 300;">Columnar data processing, open lakehouse technologies and table formats.</span></li>
<li><span style="font-weight: 300;">Supporting researchers, data scientists, AI/ML teams.</span></li>
<li><span style="font-weight: 300;">Flyte or other modern workflow orchestrators.</span></li>
<li><span style="font-weight: 300;">Everything as Code approach to infrastructure, policies, data.</span></li>
<li><span style="font-weight: 300;">Operating production systems in Microsoft Azure.</span></li>
<li><span style="font-weight: 300;">Open-Source contribution and maintenance.<br></span></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Benefits and additional information:</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 300;">The US target range of our</span><span style="font-weight: 300;"> base salary</span><span style="font-weight: 300;"> for new hires is $161,925 - $227,325.</span><span style="font-weight: 300;">&nbsp;You will also be eligible to receive equity, cash bonuses, and a full range of medical, financial, and other benefits depending on the position offered.&nbsp; Please note that individual total compensation for this position will be determined at the Company’s sole discretion and may vary based on several factors, including but not limited to, location, skill level, years and depth of relevant experience, and education. We invite you to check out our career page @ <span style="font-weight: 300;"><em><a href="http://freenome.com/job-openings/" target="\_blank" data-saferedirecturl="https://www.google.com/url?q=http://freenome.com/job-openings/&amp;source=gmail&amp;ust=1708620295766000&amp;usg=AOvVaw0K-a4lTJ0RquYagpqS-yp4">freenome.com/job-openings/</a></em></span></span><span style="font-weight: 300;">&nbsp;for additional company information.&nbsp;&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 300;">Freenome is proud to be an equal-opportunity employer, and we value diversity. Freenome does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, marital status, age, national origin, ancestry, physical or mental disability, medical condition, pregnancy, genetic information, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, veteran status, or any other status protected under federal, state, or local </span><span style="font-weight: 300;">law.</span></p>
<p><em><span style="font-weight: 300;">Applicants have rights under Federal Employment Laws.&nbsp;&nbsp;</span></em></p>
<ul>
<li><a href="https://www.dol.gov/agencies/whd/posters/fmla" target="\_blank"><em><span style="font-weight: 300;">Family &amp; Medical Leave Act (FMLA)</span></em></a></li>
<li><a href="https://www.dol.gov/agencies/ofccp/posters" target="\_blank"><em><span style="font-weight: 300;">Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO)</span></em></a></li>
<li><a href="https://www.dol.gov/agencies/whd/posters/employee-polygraph-protection-act" target="\_blank"><em><span style="font-weight: 300;">Employee Polygraph Protection Act (EPPA)</span></em></a></li>
</ul>
<p><span style="color: #ecf0f1;"><em><span style="font-weight: 300;">#LI-REMOTE</span></em></span></p>