**OUR STORY:**

🇪🇺 Join Scaleway and shape the sovereign cloud of tomorrow !

Since 1999, we have been designing secure, sustainable infrastructures aimed at supporting the most ambitious companies.

Historically known for our dedicated servers (Dedibox), we made a strategic shift to cloud computing in 2015. Staying true to our principles of simplicity, flexibility, and technical excellence, we have become one of the leading players in Europe in the sector.

With the rise of artificial intelligence, we have strengthened our commitment, supported by the Iliad Group, which is investing €3 billion to develop a serious, sovereign AI alternative to American and Asian giants.

Every day, thanks to our fast-growing portfolio of cloud and AI products (bare metal, containerization, serverless, AI, etc.), Scaleway proudly serves thousands of customer across the private and public sector, from corporations like France Télévisions or Hachette Livre, to fast-growing startups like Photoroom and Biolevate, to institutions like the City of Copenhagen.

📍 Our offices are located in **Paris, Lille, Toulouse, Rennes, Rouen, Bordeaux and Lyon.**

**WHY WE NEED YOU ?**

Our growth is driving us to strengthen our Account team, a core component of the Scaleway Elements cloud ecosystem.

This team is responsible for user accounts, personal data, support plans, fraud detection, and more, ensuring a consistent experience across the platform through close collaboration with other product teams.

Your mission will be to contribute to both the DevOps and feature development lifecycle in order to enhance the reliability, scalability, and quality of our user management services.

**YOUR FUTURE TEAM :**

You will be part of a team of **6 people**: a welcoming and supportive group of developers who value teamwork and continuous improvement. You will collaborate with frontend and backend developers to improve the Scaleway Console, while maintaining high-quality standards through automated testing, agile practices, and continuous delivery.

Manager: **Youri Korostelev is a passionate and supportive Engineering Manager** who values transparency, collaboration, and product impact. With strong technical experience (Scaleway, Agorapulse), he leads cross-functional teams, promotes autonomy, and thrives on tackling complex challenges in demanding, agile environments.

**YOUR DAILY ROUTINE :**

- **Develop** and maintain **new features** across the Scaleway ecosystem

- Optimize **deployment pipelines** for fast, reliable delivery

- Participate in architecture and design discussions to build scalable, resilient systems

- Collaborate with the tech lead and team **to balance innovation with effective, pragmatic solutions**

- Continuously **reduce technical debt** and improve **code quality**

- Engage in agile ceremonies (stand-ups, retrospectives, etc.) to foster a productive team culture

**ABOUT YOU:**

SOFTSKILLS :

**- Autonomy :** You can manage projects independently

**- Communication :** You articulate ideas clearly and effectively within the team

**- Adaptability :** You embrace new technical challenges with ease

**- Collaboration :** You thrive in diverse, cross-functional teams

**- Problem-solving :** You deliver quick, effective solutions

💻 HARDSKILLS :

- Experience working with **microservices architectures**

- Strong knowledge of **gRPC** and **Protobuf**

- Proficiency with DevOps tools: **Docker**, **CI/CD**, **Ansible**, **GitLab CI**

- Solid **SQL skills** — no fear of complex JOINs

- Understanding of network architecture is a plus

- Excellent command of **English**, both spoken and written

**WHAT YOU WILL FIND AT SCALEWAY ++++**

**- Hybrid work:** We offer up to 3 days of remote work per week.

**- Offices:** Our offices are spacious, dynamic workspaces with bold design, conveniently located near public transport. Most of our offices feature outdoor spaces (terraces) and bike parking facilities.

**- Dining:** Our chef provides a healthy meal service at the headquarters, and breakfast is available across all our sites year-round. Scalers working from regional sites enjoy a Swile card for lunches.

**- Well-being commitments:** Whether it’s access to a gym, daycare places, or discounted services for caring services, Scaleway is committed to supporting Scalers in maintaining a balanced life.

International environment: With dozens of nationalities, Scaleway offers a stimulating environment where English is as widely spoken as French.

**- Career & Mobility:** Our managers value internal mobility, and opportunities to transition to other entities within the Iliad Group are accessible to all Scalers.

🚀 **Why join the Scaleway adventure ?**

✔ **A rich and diverse product offering:** Scaleway offers over 100 public cloud products in IaaS, PaaS, and AI.

✔ **A cutting-edge technical environment:** Scaleway provides modern infrastructures, including high-performance bare metal servers, to tackle exciting technical challenges.

✔ **Commitment to responsible cloud:** Scaleway is dedicated to a more responsible cloud, with data centers powered solely by renewable energy since 2017, minimizing our ecological footprint and holding top-level certification.

**🔜 THE NEXT STEPS …**

**- Discovery call** with a recruiter (30 min)

**- Interview with the manager** to understand your technical skills and approach to the role (45 min)

**- Technical interview** to validate your expertise (1h)

**- Interview with the Head of the Tribe** to deepen your discussions and assess your fit with the team (45 min)

**- HR interview** to tour our offices and meet your future colleagues

*At Scaleway, we are committed to building an inclusive and respectful workplace where everyone has a fair opportunity to thrive.*

*All applications are considered with care, regardless of age, gender, sexual orientation, ethnic or social background, religion, disability, or any other characteristic.*

*We believe great ideas come from everywhere, and everyone which is why you should definitely apply.*