<h2><strong>Senior Business Development Representative</strong></h2>
<p><em>London, UK</em></p>
<h2><strong>About Us</strong></h2>
<p>The world’s most pressing problem requires the world’s best talent to fix it, and here at CarbonChain we’re bringing together a superstar team to tackle decarbonization head on. We’re lean, scrappy and determined to make a massive impact by helping the world’s biggest emitters measure and reduce their carbon footprints.. We see climate challenges as an opportunity for global transformation—and a rewarding career path for those eager to make a difference in a rapidly growing market.</p>
<p><strong>Our People</strong></p>
<p>At CarbonChain, we are:</p>
<ul>
<li>Passionate about solving complex global challenges&nbsp;</li>
<li>Driven by both personal and team success</li>
<li>Committed to taking radical ownership in our roles to get us to world-changing results</li>
</ul>
<p>We foster an inclusive, high-performance environment where everyone is empowered to grow. Our team includes MBAs, PhDs, and industry experts from leading companies and scale-ups. But we know that there’s a lot we don’t know—this is where you come in.</p>
<p><strong>What we can offer to you</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Best-in-class benefits and salary package (as detailed below)</li>
<li>Huge investment into your personal development - combining internal and external resources to help you develop in the first part of your career</li>
<li>Proven leadership with a track record of developing BDRs into AEs to learn your craft from&nbsp;</li>
<li>Well-defined development pathways not just into the next phase of your career, but towards future leadership roles</li>
<li>The chance to enter at the ground floor of one of the world’s leading climate tech startups.&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>What We’re Looking For</strong></h3>
<p>Reporting directly to the Head of Sales, the Senior Business Development Representative will be the “sharp tip of the spear”, responsible for growing our revenue pipeline, iterating and updating our prospecting strategy, and supporting the sales team in achieving the company’s ambitious targets.</p>
<p>We need a driven Senior BDR who thrives in an ambiguous, fast-paced environment and can quickly grasp the complexities of climate tech and SaaS sales. The ideal candidate is so ambitious they need to be held back, not pushed forward.</p>
<p>They will also be part of our founding commercial team, so we expect this person to be driven both by personal results and also invigorated by the idea of contributing to the foundation of the business, helping us iterate on strategy, and one day leading their own part of CarbonChain.</p>
<p><strong>Specific responsibilities include:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><strong>Lead Outbound Strategy:</strong> Help design, build, and scale our outbound prospecting approach (1:1 and 1:few) as we bring our best in class product to market.</li>
<li><strong>Market Research &amp; Segmentation:</strong> Analyze industries, identify trends, and collaborate with marketing to refine messaging and outreach tactics.</li>
<li><strong>Drive Engagement:</strong> Own top of funnel engagement, relentlessly reaching out to best fit prospects via email, calls, and social media.</li>
<li><strong>Own a 7 Figure Pipeline:</strong> Generate high-quality sales opportunities, contributing directly to revenue growth.</li>
<li><strong>Optimize Customer Experience:</strong> Ensure a seamless and value-driven journey for potential customers.</li>
<li><strong>Track &amp; Analyze Performance:</strong> Implement and monitor key sales metrics, leveraging and obsessing over data to refine strategies and improve outcomes.</li>
<li><strong>Stay Ahead of Industry Trends:</strong> Keep up with climate regulations, emerging technologies, and competitor activities to maintain a competitive edge.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Desired Background &amp; Experience</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Experience in crushing individual targets in a high performance organization</li>
<li>At least 9 months of experience as a BDR in an established tech company</li>
<li>Proven comfort in developing pipeline through written, social, and verbal communication</li>
<li>Excellent research skills and a data-first mindset with excellent data hygiene.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Obsession with climate and awareness of the challenges created by carbon emissions</li>
<li>Be a highly driven team player, comfortable working in a fast paced environment</li>
<li>Have a strategic mindset and strong attention to detail</li>
<li>Ambition to be excellent and have a high-growth career</li>
<li>Willingness to travel if needed</li>
</ul>
<p><strong><em>Preferred, but not essential:</em></strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Experience selling to traditional businesses (manufacturing, energy, construction etc.)</li>
<li>Additional language capabilities (German and/or French preferred)</li>
<li>Experience working in climate/greentech organizations</li>
<li>Experience using MEDD(PP)IC(C) sales methodology and value selling framework</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Benefits</strong></p>
<p>CarbonChainers receive a ton of great benefits, including:&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>28 days of annual leave</li>
<li>Home office set up allowance of £500</li>
<li>£2,000 annual learning allowance</li>
<li>Team lunches once a week in the office</li>
<li>Subsidized gym classes, office gym, and cycle to work scheme.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Generous parental leave policy</li>
<li>Private healthcare&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p>CarbonChain values diversity and inclusion and welcomes applications from candidates with diverse backgrounds.&nbsp; You can find out more about <a href="https://www.carbonchain.com/careers/interview-process">interviewing at CarbonChain here.&nbsp;</a></p>
<p>If you think you’ve got what it takes, even if you’re not matching 100% of everything written above,, please apply below or reach out!</p>
<p><strong>Please send applications to: </strong><a href="mailto:matt.brown@carbonchain.com"><strong>matt.brown@carbonchain.com</strong></a></p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><span style="font-weight: 400;">CarbonChain values diversity and inclusion and welcomes applications from candidates with diverse backgrounds.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">If you think your skills and experience match what we’re looking for and you’d like to join the next Climate Tech industry unicorn, please get in touch!</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">You can find out more about interviewing at CarbonChain at&nbsp;<a href="https://www.carbonchain.com/careers/interview-process" target="\_blank">https://www.carbonchain.com/careers/interview-process</a>.</span></p></div>