<h2><strong>Job Description</strong></h2>
<p><strong>HelloFresh Group</strong> is on a mission to change the way people eat, forever. From our 2011 founding in Europe’s vibrant tech hub Berlin, we’re evolving from the world’s leading meal kit company to the world's leading food solutions group. In ANZ, we are home to <strong>HelloFresh</strong> and <strong>EveryPlate</strong>, our meal kit brands; <strong>Youfoodz</strong>, our ready-to-heat brand; and <strong>Be Cool</strong>, our national refrigerated courier service.</p>
<p>As a <strong>Product Optimisation Specialist</strong>, you are the voice of the customer, you will have passion for understanding of our customers and transforming sentiment and data points relating to the product into action.</p>
<p>Driving insights into the Youfoodz operational teams decisions making across culinary, development, product lifecycle management, menu planning, operational execution. You will build tools and dashboards to support our, run self-service analyses, and conduct regular and systematic analyses to improve our recipe performance and product offering. We are looking for a data-driven foodie who will make HelloFresh Group better by playing an important role in changing the way people eat, forever.</p>
<p>This role is based in <strong>Karawatha, Brisbane</strong> and reporting to the <strong>Associate Director of Product Operations</strong>.</p>
<p><strong>You will…</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Apply data, transformation and analytics, confidently working across databricks, and tableau and innovatively utilising tools to push data into reports that will inform strategic thinking.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Tracking and trending data building dashboards to inform strategic decisions to support self-service insights into Culinary &amp; Menu performance.</li>
<li>Interpret meal performance and customer trends to deliver actionable insights for New Product Development (NPD) and existing product improvements (EPD).</li>
<li>You are the voice of the customer- working with the CX team and drawing analysis from customer sentiment and net promoter insights and product metrics to drive customer centric decisions.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Championing the customer across key stakeholders ensure we are all aligned on the product led improvements. Uphold the customer feedback into actions.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Create and maintain tools and dashboards in Tableau or Excel Extract and analyse data and draw actionable insights to enable decision making on the key questions facing all areas of Culinary performance and operations.</li>
<li>Translate recipe related data into compelling stories in order to drive change in the team and business.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>You have…</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>2+ years experience in an analyst role. .</li>
<li>A deep understanding of numbers and analytics as well as a strong business sense.</li>
<li>Excellent hands-on knowledge of Excel/Google Sheets, Tableau and SQL.</li>
<li>Excellent attention to detail.</li>
<li>The ability to document analyses and learnings in a clear and concise way, and present them to key a broad group of vested stakeholders.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>You are…</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Passionate about the ability of data to change a business and how numbers can be transformed into key product insight.</li>
<li>A data-driven "foodie" who thrives in a fast-moving, data-led decision-making environment and have a interest in food.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Highly collaborative, with the ability to interface across global strategy, CX, and data teams.</li>
<li>Efficient and proactive in identifying opportunities for automation and scalability.</li>
<li>A clear communicator capable of delivering insights that drive customer-led decision-making.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>What you’ll get in return…&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>The chance to have a significant impact in a leading global food technology company</li>
<li>Flexible working arrangements&nbsp;</li>
<li>Egoless environment, constant learning with room for personal growth</li>
<li>Free access to Headspace</li>
<li>Internal learning &amp; development&nbsp;</li>
<li>A diverse and vibrant international environment, with offices in 18 countries</li>
<li>Company discount - 70% off HelloFresh &amp; 40% Youfoodz</li>
<li>Onsite gym at the facility</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Start Date: </strong>Immediately available - Can wait a notice period</p>
<p><strong>Duration: </strong>Permanent full time role</p>
<p><strong>Location: </strong>Karawatha, Brisbane&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Salary: </strong>Competitive salary &amp; employee benefits</p>
<p>#youfoodz</p>