<div class="content-intro"><h2><strong>Ready to redefine what's possible in molecular diagnostics?</strong></h2>
<p>Join a team of brilliant, passionate innovators determined to transform healthcare. At BillionToOne, we've built a category-defining, publicly traded company on Nasdaq where transparency fuels trust, collaboration drives breakthroughs, and every contribution moves the needle on our mission to make life-changing diagnostics accessible to all. We don't just aim for incremental improvements; we build products that are 10x better than anything that exists today.</p>
<p>Our scientists, engineers, sales executives, and visionaries are united by an unwavering commitment to changing the standard of care in prenatal and cancer diagnostics. This is where cutting-edge science meets human compassion, and every innovation you contribute helps remove the fear of the unknown from some of life's most critical medical moments.</p>
<p>If you're driven by purpose, energized by innovation, and ready to help shape the future of precision medicine at scale, this is where you belong.</p></div><p>The&nbsp;<strong>Prenatal Account Executive, NJ North (Sussex, Passaic, and Bergen Counties)<span data-sheets-root="1">&nbsp;</span></strong>is an outstanding prenatal sales executive with experience in diagnostic/genetic testing product sales, who will bring the first and only single-gene NIPT supported carrier and aneuploidy screen to OBGYN clinics &amp; MFMs practices. You will deliver clinical information to both external clients throughout your territory and internal teams. You will have significant influence over how the test is communicated to physicians and patients, and how it should evolve to better serve market needs. This is a field sales position and reports to a Regional Manager - Prenatal.</p>
<p><strong>Responsibilities:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Increasing utilization of UNITY Fetal Risk Screen and driving market development through direct sales to individual OBGYNs, MFMs, and Genetic Counselors</li>
<li>Identifying, developing, and managing commercial relationships with key opinion leaders in medicine and other key healthcare professionals</li>
<li>Effectively prospecting and cultivating new business and maintaining key relationships</li>
<li>Identifying and capitalizing on commercial opportunities for growth within a specific region or geography – predominately in OBGYN, MFM, and GC clinics, as well as hospital systems and Federally Qualified Health Centers</li>
<li>Creating and implementing a strategic business plan to grow utilization quickly in your geography</li>
<li>Managing the full lifecycle of the product sales process, including new business development and lead generation</li>
<li>Attending local tradeshows, industry conferences and networking events</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Qualifications</strong>:</p>
<ul>
<li>Minimum three (3) years of outside field sales experience within the healthcare sector, directly calling upon providers in<strong>&nbsp;</strong>specified geographic territory</li>
<li>Demonstrated successful sales track record, understanding of buyer/decision maker types, exhibit effective selling, listening, presentation skills, and ability to assess and respond to customer needs (National awards a plus)</li>
<li>Excellent organizational and communication skills (written and verbal) with demonstrated ability to effectively present to both internal and external customers</li>
<li>Effective time management skills required with a demonstrated ability to assess and prioritize opportunity required</li>
<li>Exceptionally bright, flexible, self-motivated and results oriented with strong interpersonal and analytical skills and the ability to think strategically as well as execute tactically</li>
<li>Must act with a sense of urgency, with a focus on closing business</li>
<li>Ability to assess the needs of medical professionals and staff members with a focus on consultative sales, coordination of logistics, and problem solving</li>
<li>Strong desire to work in a startup environment and must work independently with an internal drive to be successful</li>
<li>Working knowledge and application of HIPAA laws, privacy, and ethics surrounding patient privacy and information</li>
<li>Demonstrated values and ethics that support BillionToOne's mission, goals, and professional code of conduct</li>
<li>Ability to use discretion and professionalism as it relates to handling patient and physician information and documentation</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Nice-to-Haves:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Experience in a start-up environment</li>
<li>Women's Health Background</li>
<li>Clinical laboratory experience</li>
<li>Convertible book of business</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Benefits And Perks:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Working alongside brilliant, kind, passionate and dedicated colleagues, in an empowering environment, toward a global vision, striving for a future in which transformative molecular diagnostics can help millions of patients</li>
<li>Open, transparent culture that includes weekly Town Hall meetings</li>
<li>The ability to indirectly or directly change the lives of hundreds of thousands patients</li>
<li>Multiple medical benefit options; employee premiums paid 100% of select plans, dependents covered up to 80%</li>
<li>Extremely generous Family Bonding Leave for new parents (16 weeks, paid at 100%)</li>
<li>Supplemental fertility benefits coverage&nbsp;</li>
<li>Retirement savings program including a 4% Company match</li>
<li>Increase paid time off with increased tenure</li>
<li>Latest and greatest hardware (laptop, lab equipment, facilities)</li>
</ul>
<p>At BillionToOne, we are proud to offer a combination of a (1) base pay + uncapped commissions (2) generous equity options offering, on top of (3) industry leading company benefits (free healthcare options, 401k match, very generous fully paid parental leave, etc.).</p>
<p><strong>Positions</strong>: Prenatal Account Manager, Prenatal Specialist, Senior Prenatal Specialist&nbsp;</p>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">For this position, we offer a total compensation range of $184,569 - $248,269 per year (at plan), including a base salary range of $136,869 - $163,269 per year. Commission potential is uncapped and can be significant.</span></p>
<p><em>BillionToOne is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.</em></p>
<p>#LI-Remote</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p>For more information about how we protect your information, we encourage you to review our <a href="https://billiontoone.com/privacy-policy/">Privacy Policy</a>.</p>
<p>BillionToOne is a next-generation molecular diagnostics company on a mission to make powerful, accurate diagnostic tests accessible to everyone. Our revolutionary QCT molecular counting technology enhances disease detection resolution by over a thousandfold using cell-free DNA,a breakthrough that has already transformed the lives of over half a million patients worldwide.</p>
<h3><strong>Our Impact</strong></h3>
<p><a href="https://www.unityscreen.com/"><strong>Unity Complete™</strong></a> is the only non-invasive prenatal screen capable of assessing fetal risk for both common recessive conditions and aneuploidies from a single maternal blood sample. Our <a href="https://www.northstaronc.com/"><strong>Northstar®</strong></a> liquid biopsy test uniquely combines treatment selection with real-time monitoring, giving oncologists unprecedented precision in cancer care.</p>
<h3><strong>Our Growth</strong></h3>
<p>From $0 to $150M+ in Annual Recurring Revenue in just five years. In 2025, we completed one of the most successful IPOs for a medical diagnostics company, building on nearly $400M in private funding,including our $130M Series D in 2024 and backed by world-class investors including Hummingbird, Adams Street Partners, Neuberger Berman, Baillie Gifford, and Premji Invest.</p>
<h3><strong>Our Recognition</strong></h3>
<p>Forbes named us one of <strong>America's Best Startup Employers for 2025</strong> and we're <strong>Great Place to Work certified</strong>, with 100% of our people willing to go the extra mile, even as we've scaled to over 700 employees.</p>
<h3><strong>Our Future</strong></h3>
<p>Headquartered in Menlo Park with facilities in Union City, CA, and a new lab opening in Austin, TX in 2027, we're continuing to push the boundaries of what's possible in molecular diagnostics. We're just getting started.</p>
<hr>
<p>Ready to help us change the world, one molecule at a time? Learn more at<a href="https://www.billiontoone.com"> billiontoone.com</a></p></div>