<p>
  <strong>Headquarters:</strong> Remote
</p>

<p>The mission of Speechify is to make sure that reading is never a barrier to learning.</p><br><p>Over 30 million people use Speechify’s text-to-speech products to turn whatever they’re reading – PDFs, books, Google Docs, news articles, websites – into audio, so they can read faster, read more, and remember more. Speechify’s text-to-speech reading products include its iOS app, Android App, Mac App, Chrome Extension, and Web App. Google recently named Speechify the Chrome Extension of the Year and Apple named Speechify its App of the Day.</p><br><p>Today, nearly 200 people around the globe work on Speechify in a 100% distributed setting – Speechify has no office. These include frontend and backend engineers, AI research scientists, and others from Amazon, Microsoft, and Google, leading PhD programs like Stanford, high growth startups like Stripe, Vercel, Bolt, and many founders of their own companies.</p><br><p>&nbsp;This is a key role and ideal for someone who thinks strategically, enjoys fast-paced environments, passionate about making product decisions, and has experience building great user experiences that delight users.</p><br><p>We are a flat organization that allows anyone to become a leader by showing excellent technical skills and delivering results consistently and fast. Work ethic, solid communication skills, and obsession with winning are paramount.&nbsp;</p><br><p>Our interview process involves several technical interviews and we aim to complete them within 1 week.&nbsp;</p><br><p><strong>What Yo</strong><strong>u’</strong><strong>ll Do</strong></p><br><ul><br><li>Actively ship production code to the web products</li><br><li>Work closely with your dedicated product team</li><br><li>Participate in product discussions to shape the product roadmap</li><br><li>Have the opportunity to work on new and exciting features that will impact millions of lives</li><br></ul><br><p><strong>An Ideal Candidate Should Have</strong></p><br><ul><br><li>Experience. You've built and ship products that have scaled to thousands or millions of users</li><br><li>Customer obsession. You are passionate about the field and have the desire to build high quality product that serves customer needs</li><br><li>Speed. You work quickly to generate ideas and know how to decide which things can ship now and what things need time</li><br><li>Focus. We’re a high-growth startup with a busy, remote team. You know how and when to engage or be heads down</li><br><li>Collaboration. You know how to inspire, play, and negotiate with opinionated designers, marketers, and PMs</li><br><li>Tech Stack: Vanilla JS, ReactJS, Redux, Firebase, Typescript</li><br></ul><br><p><strong>What We Offer </strong></p><br><ul><br><li>A fast-growing environment where you can help shape the culture</li><br><li>An entrepreneurial crew that supports risk, intuition, and hustle</li><br><li>A hands-off approach so you can focus and do your best work</li><br><li>The opportunity to make an impact in a transformative industry</li><br><li>A competitive salary, a collegiate atmosphere, and a commitment to building a great asynchronous culture</li><br></ul><br><p><strong>Compensation:</strong> The US base salary range for this full-time position is $140,000-$200,000 + bonus + equity depending on experience</p><br><p><strong>Think you’re a good fit for this job?&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;</strong></p><br><p>Tell us more about yourself and why you're interested in the role when you apply. <br>And don’t forget to include links to your portfolio and LinkedIn.</p><br><p><strong>Not looking but know someone who would make a great fit?&nbsp;</strong></p><br><p>Refer them!&nbsp;</p><br><p><strong>Speechify is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace.&nbsp;</strong></p><br><p>Speechify does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status.</p>

<p><strong>To apply:</strong> <a href="https://weworkremotely.com/remote-jobs/speechify-software-engineer-web-core-product-chrome-extension">https://weworkremotely.com/remote-jobs/speechify-software-engineer-web-core-product-chrome-extension</a></p>