<p>
  <strong>Headquarters:</strong> Denver
</p>

<div class=""><br><div class="content-intro"><p>Dive in and do the best work of your career at DigitalOcean. Journey alongside a strong community of top talent who are relentless in their drive to build the simplest scalable cloud. If you have a growth mindset, naturally like to think big and bold, and are energized by the fast-paced environment of a true industry disruptor, you’ll find your place here. &nbsp;We value winning together—while learning, having fun, and making a profound difference for the dreamers and builders in the world.&nbsp;</p></div><br><p>We are looking for a <strong>Staff Product Manager</strong> to own the strategic vision, development, and execution of DigitalOcean’s <strong>GPU </strong>product offerings. This high-impact role positions you at the intersection of advanced technology and market-leading innovation, driving products that influence the future direction of our AI and computational science platform.</p><br><p>As a Staff Product Manager, you will serve as product leader owning the foundation that powers accelerated computing. You will define how we strategically define upcoming GPU products, and develop how to acquire, allocate, and deploy GPU resources at scale, ensuring our product aligns with broader business objectives and customer demand for AI/ML and HPC workloads.</p><br><p>In this role, you will be a hands-on strategist, bridging customer needs, market realities, and complex technical execution to ensure efficient, effective value delivery.</p><br><h2><strong>What You’ll Do</strong></h2><br><ul><br><li>Own and drive the <strong>product strategy and roadmap</strong> for DigitalOcean’s GPUs including defining capacity, provisioning, and deployment workflow, aligning closely with overall cloud infrastructure objectives.</li><br><li>Conduct comprehensive <strong>market analysis</strong> on GPU compute trends, competitive offerings, pricing, and emerging technologies to inform product direction and positioning.</li><br><li>Collaborate directly with Engineering and Infrastructure teams to conceptualize, develop, and deliver cutting-edge <strong>GPU solutions optimized for AI, ML, and HPC workloads</strong>.</li><br><li>Serve as the primary <strong>advocate for customer deployment requirements</strong>, actively collecting and prioritizing feedback to continually refine the capacity consumption experience and platform offerings.</li><br><li>Partner effectively with Hardware Engineering, <strong>Capacity Planning</strong>, Solutions Architecture, and Go-to-Market teams to ensure successful, scalable GPU resource launches and full lifecycle management.</li><br><li>Utilize <strong>data-driven approaches</strong> to evaluate product success, track key metrics around utilization and deployment velocity, and guide strategic product enhancements.</li><br></ul><br><h2><strong>What You’ll Add to DigitalOcean</strong></h2><br><ul><br><li><strong>7+ years of product management experience</strong>, specializing in cloud compute infrastructure, accelerated computing, or high-performance networking.</li><br><li><strong>Deep technical knowledge of GPU architectures</strong> (AMD, NVIDIA) and their specific applications in AI, ML, and High-Performance Computing (HPC) environments.</li><br><li>Proven track record of successfully <strong>managing complex infrastructure products</strong> from initial concept through large-scale deployment and optimization.</li><br><li>A strong sense of <strong>ownership</strong> and a drive to figure out and resolve any issues preventing you and your team from delivering value to your customers</li><br><li>Exceptional <strong>analytical and problem-solving skills</strong>, with a demonstrated ability to make and communicate strategic, data-driven decisions, especially related to capacity and scaling.</li><br><li>Strong leadership and <strong>cross-functional communication skills</strong>, capable of driving consensus and inspiring collaboration across technical and business teams.</li><br><li><strong>Customer-focused mindset</strong>, with direct experience gathering insights and translating them into valuable product improvements.</li><br><li>Experience with the Atlassian suite (Jira and Confluence) for managing the flow of value in both Agile and hybrid environments.</li><br><li>A Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or a related technical field, or equivalent practical work experience</li><br></ul><br><h2><strong>Compensation Range:&nbsp;</strong></h2><br><ul><br><li>$186,000 - $233,000</li><br></ul><br><p><span>*This is a remote role</span></p><br><p><span><em><span>#LI-Remote</span></em></span></p><br><div class="content-conclusion"><h2 class="p-rich_text_section"><strong>Why You’ll Like Working for DigitalOcean</strong></h2><br><ul class="p-rich_text_list p-rich_text_list__bullet p-rich_text_list--nested"><br><li><strong>We innovate with purpose. </strong>You’ll be a part of a cutting-edge technology company with an upward trajectory, who are proud to simplify cloud and AI so builders can spend more time creating software that changes the world. As a member of the team, you will be a Shark who thinks big, bold, and scrappy, like an owner with a bias for action and a powerful sense of responsibility for customers, products, employees, and decisions.</li><br><li><strong>We prioritize career development.</strong> At DO, you’ll do the best work of your career. You will work with some of the smartest and most interesting people in the industry. We are a high-performance organization that will always challenge you to think big. Our organizational development team will provide you with resources to ensure you keep growing. We provide employees with reimbursement for relevant conferences, training, and education. All employees have access to LinkedIn Learning's 10,000+ courses to support their continued growth and development.</li><br><li><strong>We care about your well-being.&nbsp;</strong>Regardless of your location, we will provide you with a competitive array of benefits to support you from our Employee Assistance Program to Local Employee Meetups to flexible time off policy, to name a few. While the philosophy around our benefits is the same worldwide, specific benefits may vary based on local regulations and preferences.</li><br><li><strong>We reward our employees. </strong>The salary range for this position is based on market data, relevant years of experience, and skills. You may qualify for a bonus in addition to base salary; bonus amounts are determined based on company and individual performance. We also provide equity compensation to eligible employees, including equity grants upon hire and the option to participate in our Employee Stock Purchase Program.</li><br><li><strong>DigitalOcean is an equal-opportunity employer. </strong>We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, ancestry, national origin, caste, sex, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity or expression, age, disability, medical condition, pregnancy, genetic makeup, marital status, or military service.</li><br></ul><br><p><strong>Application Limit:</strong>&nbsp;You may apply to a maximum of 3 positions within any 180-day period. This policy promotes better role-candidate matching and encourages thoughtful applications where your qualifications align most strongly.</p></div><br></div>

<p><strong>To apply:</strong> <a href="https://weworkremotely.com/remote-jobs/digitalocean-staff-ai-product-manager">https://weworkremotely.com/remote-jobs/digitalocean-staff-ai-product-manager</a></p>