<div class="content-intro"><p>Celonis is the global leader in Process Intelligence and the pioneer of Process Mining technology. As one of the world’s fastest-growing enterprise SaaS companies, we are changemakers pushing the boundaries of what’s possible. We invest heavily in advanced AI capabilities—specifically our Process Intelligence Graph—to turn data insights into immediate business action. We believe there is a massive opportunity to unlock global productivity and sustainability by placing intelligence at the core of every business process. Join our mission to make processes work for people, companies, and the planet.</p></div><p><strong>The Team:</strong><strong><br></strong>The Strategic Account Executive, focusing on client expansion and account growth, is an integral part of our Benelux enterprise sales team. This role focuses on expanding growth within existing enterprise accounts in the CPG industry, strengthening market presence and engagement. Our Account Executive leverages top-tier products, implements effective sales strategies, and collaborates with various departments, including Value Engineers and Business Development Representatives.</p>
<p><strong>The Role:</strong><strong><br></strong>The primary focus is on expanding our presence within existing accounts and capitalizing on untapped opportunities. As an Account Executive specializing in client expansion, the role is dedicated to building relationships, identifying new revenue streams within current clients, and contributing significantly to our strategic objectives of market growth and increased share within established accounts.</p>
<p><strong>The work you’ll do:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Discover and cultivate new business opportunities within a designated set of accounts within your assigned client portfolio.</li>
<li>Establish and strengthen connections across various levels of the organization, engaging with executives and decision-makers to understand their needs.</li>
<li>Comprehend the strategic and operational requirements of your target accounts and proficiently articulate how Celonis can address them.</li>
<li>Guide the sales journey, adhering to a structured approach through prospecting, initial contact, qualification, client engagement, needs analysis, solution proposal, and ultimately closing deals.</li>
<li>Collaborate with Value Engineering or personally conduct comprehensive presentations and demonstrations tailored to specific use cases, showcasing the value of our solutions.</li>
<li>Forge strong partnerships, particularly with leading consulting firms, SaaS partners, and the Big 4.</li>
<li>Work closely with your virtual team, which includes business development representatives, value engineers, partner managers, and marketing specialists, to ensure seamless collaboration and success.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>The qualifications you need:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Demonstrated success in Software as a Service (SaaS) sales, particularly in roles focused on both expanding existing business opportunities&nbsp;</li>
<li>Proven ability to navigate complex sales cycles involving multiple decision-makers.</li>
<li>Track record of selling enterprise-level software applications to C-level stakeholders.</li>
<li>Experience collaborating with partners, such as consulting firms or providers of enterprise technology solutions.</li>
<li>Effective and articulate communication skills, with proficiency in English.</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>What Celonis can offer you:</strong></p>
<ul class="p-rich\_text\_list p-rich\_text\_list\_\_bullet p-rich\_text\_list--nested" data-stringify-type="unordered-list" data-list-tree="true" data-indent="0" data-border="0">
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Pioneer Innovation:</span> Work with the global leader in Process Mining and the Process Intelligence Graph to shape the future of AI-driven business operations.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Ownership from Day 1:</span> Every full-time "Celonaut" is an owner, receiving Restricted Stock Units (RSUs) and merit-based refresh grants.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Unrivaled Family Support:</span> Benefit from our inclusive parental leave policy—24 weeks of fully paid leave for primary carers and 12 weeks for supporting carers, available from your first day of employment.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Work-Life Integration:</span> Enjoy Unlimited PTO (in applicable regions) and generous PTO globally, as well as a flexible hybrid work model that balances remote focus with vibrant office collaboration.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Continuous Growth:</span> Elevate your skills through our 70-20-10 learning framework, mentorship programs, and access to a dedicated learning platform.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Holistic Well-being:</span> Prioritize your health with subsidized Wellhub memberships, mental health counseling, and dedicated "Wellness Weeks" that prioritize work/life balance.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Drive Sustainability:</span> Participate in annual Impact Days, where you receive paid time off to volunteer for community and environmental causes with your local office, or virtually.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Global Inclusion &amp; Belonging:</span> Find community through our Inclusion Think Tank and participate in our annual Inclusion Days, ensuring every voice is heard and valued.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Value-Driven Impact:</span> Join a mission-led organization where our core values—Live for Customer Value, The Best Team Wins, We Own It, and Earth Is Our Future—drive every decision.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>About Us:</strong></p>
<p>Celonis makes processes work — for people, companies, and the planet. Powered by process mining and AI, the Celonis Process Intelligence Platform integrates process data and business context to create a living digital twin of business operations. We enable thousands of companies worldwide to understand how their business actually runs and, together with their partners, build intelligent solutions that transform and continuously improve the way they operate — unlocking billions in value. Celonis is headquartered in Munich, Germany, and New York City, USA, with more than 20 offices worldwide.</p>
<p><br>Get familiar with the Celonis Process Intelligence Platform by watching this <a href="https://academy.celonis.com/learn/video/discover-the-ems">video</a>.</p>
<p><strong>Celonis Inclusion Statement:</strong></p>
<p>At Celonis, we believe our people make us who we are and that “The Best Team Wins”. We know that the best teams are made up of people who bring different perspectives to the table. And when everyone feels included, able to speak up and knows their voice is heard - that's when creativity and innovation happen.<strong><br></strong></p>
<p><strong>Your Privacy:</strong></p>
<p>Any information you submit to Celonis as part of your application will be processed in accordance with Celonis’ <a href="https://www.celonis.com/careers/candidate-notices">Accessibility and Candidate Notices</a></p>
<p>By submitting this application, you confirm that you agree to the storing and processing of your personal data by Celonis as described in our <a href="https://www.celonis.com/careers/privacy-notice/">Privacy Notice for the Application and Hiring Process</a>.</p>
<p>Please be aware of common job offer scams, impersonators and frauds. Learn more <a href="https://www.celonis.com/careers/fraud-alert/">here</a>.</p></div>