<p class="cui-body-o5xe cui-body-m-mwmz cui-body-regular-hd7o cui-body-normal-pvqj css-k4eprn"><strong class="cui-body-o5xe cui-body-m-mwmz cui-body-semibold-pt76 cui-body-normal-pvqj cui-body-highlight-kmah css-10dm8y evwnbdz2">WHO WE ARE:</strong></p>
<p class="cui-body-o5xe cui-body-m-mwmz cui-body-regular-hd7o cui-body-normal-pvqj css-k4eprn">We’ve come a long way from our origins as a small startup. Today, we’re&nbsp;<strong class="cui-body-o5xe cui-body-m-mwmz cui-body-semibold-pt76 cui-body-normal-pvqj cui-body-highlight-kmah css-10dm8y evwnbdz2">a truly global fintech company</strong>, with over 3000+ people from 80 nationalities, spread across 22 offices on 4 continents. And we’re growing and diversifying faster than ever before.</p>
<p class="cui-body-o5xe cui-body-m-mwmz cui-body-regular-hd7o cui-body-normal-pvqj css-k4eprn"><strong class="cui-body-o5xe cui-body-m-mwmz cui-body-semibold-pt76 cui-body-normal-pvqj cui-body-highlight-kmah css-10dm8y evwnbdz2">WHAT WE DO:</strong></p>
<p class="cui-body-o5xe cui-body-m-mwmz cui-body-regular-hd7o cui-body-normal-pvqj css-k4eprn">Our card readers are used by over 3 million merchants to process payments in 34 countries. As we build a world where small businesses can be successful doing what they love, we’re continually expanding our range of products and services.</p>
<p class="cui-body-o5xe cui-body-m-mwmz cui-body-regular-hd7o cui-body-normal-pvqj css-k4eprn">Starting with mPOS in 2012, we now help merchants connect better to their business, customers, and each other through our rich ecosystem of products and services. These include accounting, online shop and payments, SumUp card and account, P2P, loyalty programs, and business analytics—all in one place.</p>
<p class="cui-body-o5xe cui-body-m-mwmz cui-body-regular-hd7o cui-body-normal-pvqj css-k4eprn">Our vision as a&nbsp;<strong class="cui-body-o5xe cui-body-m-mwmz cui-body-semibold-pt76 cui-body-normal-pvqj cui-body-highlight-kmah css-10dm8y evwnbdz2">global fintech company</strong>&nbsp;is to build the&nbsp;<strong class="cui-body-o5xe cui-body-m-mwmz cui-body-semibold-pt76 cui-body-normal-pvqj cui-body-highlight-kmah css-10dm8y evwnbdz2">first-ever global card acceptance brand.</strong>&nbsp;We rely on local, autonomous, cross-functional teams that can take an aspect of our product and perfect it from concept to execution.&nbsp;</p>
<div>
<p id="message"><strong>THE ROLE IN A NUTSHELL:</strong></p>
</div>
<div>
<p id="message">We are looking for a <strong>Product Manager</strong> to join our Acquiring tribe, a crucial part of SumUp's core business. In this role, you will <strong>contribute to the product strategy and roadmap</strong> for our Acquiring products, working closely with cross-functional teams to deliver exceptional value to our merchants. This is an exciting opportunity to <strong>grow your product management skills</strong> within a dynamic environment, helping to drive innovation and impact for small businesses globally.</p>
</div>
<div>&nbsp;</div>
<div>
<p id="message"><strong>WHAT YOU’LL BE DOING:</strong></p>
</div>
<div>
<p id="message">As a Product Manager, you will play a vital role in evolving our Acquiring products. Your responsibilities will include:</p>
</div>
<div>
<ul>
<li>Contributing to the product strategy and roadmap for your area, ensuring alignment with overall business goals.</li>
<li>Managing aspects of the end-to-end product lifecycle, from discovery to launch and iteration.</li>
<li>Conducting market research, competitor analysis, and customer feedback analysis to identify opportunities.</li>
<li>Translating user needs and business requirements into detailed product specifications and user stories.</li>
<li>Collaborating closely with engineering, design, and other stakeholders to ensure successful product delivery.</li>
<li>Monitoring and analyzing product performance, identifying areas for improvement, and iterating on existing features.</li>
<li>Communicating product updates, progress, and challenges to relevant stakeholders.</li>
</ul>
</div>
<div>
<p id="message"><strong>YOU'LL BE A GREAT FIT FOR THIS POSITION IF YOU HAVE:</strong></p>
</div>
<div>
<ul>
<li>2+ years of experience as a Product Manager, preferably in the payments or fintech industry.</li>
<li>Experience in launching and managing products or features that have delivered value to users.</li>
<li>A good understanding of the acquiring landscape, payment processing, and industry trends.</li>
<li>Strong analytical and problem-solving skills, with a data-driven approach to decision-making.</li>
<li>Excellent communication, interpersonal, and presentation skills.</li>
<li>Ability to thrive in a fast-paced, dynamic environment and manage multiple priorities simultaneously.</li>
<li>Experience with agile development methodologies.</li>
</ul>
</div>
<div>&nbsp;</div>
<div>
<p id="message"><strong>AWESOME IF YOU HAVE:</strong></p>
</div>
<div>
<ul>
<li>Experience working with international teams and diverse cultures.</li>
<li>Familiarity with SQL or other data querying languages.</li>
<li>A passion for payments and a desire to make a significant impact on small businesses.</li>
</ul>
</div>
<div>&nbsp;</div>
<div>
<p id="message"><strong>WHY YOU SHOULD JOIN SUMUP:</strong></p>
</div>
<div>
<ul>
<li>Impactful Work: You'll directly contribute to products that empower millions of small businesses.</li>
<li>Growth &amp; Learning: Expand your skillset with an individual learning budget &amp; 10 days of educational vacation.</li>
<li>Collaborative Environment: Work with a diverse and international team.</li>
<li>Work-Life Balance: We offer paid Sabbatical leave and 25 days of paid vacation + 1 accumulative day for each year of employment at SumUp. We also offer office relaxation activities such as yoga and massages.</li>
<li>Additional health and life insurance and subsidized multisport membership.</li>
<li>Various discounts for SumUp employees and attractive referral program.</li>
<li>Vibrant Culture: Join a diverse and international team in our innovative Sofia office, featuring an amazing view, a music room, and other great benefits.</li>
</ul>
</div>
<div>
<p class="cui-body-o5xe cui-body-m-mwmz cui-body-regular-hd7o cui-body-normal-pvqj css-k4eprn"><strong class="cui-body-o5xe cui-body-m-mwmz cui-body-semibold-pt76 cui-body-normal-pvqj cui-body-highlight-kmah css-10dm8y evwnbdz2">ABOUT SUMUP</strong></p>
<p class="cui-body-o5xe cui-body-m-mwmz cui-body-regular-hd7o cui-body-normal-pvqj css-k4eprn">We believe in the everyday hero.</p>
<p class="cui-body-o5xe cui-body-m-mwmz cui-body-regular-hd7o cui-body-normal-pvqj css-k4eprn">Small business owners are at the heart of all we do, so we're creating tools that help them run their business. With a founders mentality and a 'team-first attitude', our diverse teams across Europe, South America, and the United States work together to ensure that the small business owners we partner with can be successful in doing what they love.</p>
<p class="cui-body-o5xe cui-body-m-mwmz cui-body-regular-hd7o cui-body-normal-pvqj css-k4eprn"><strong class="cui-body-o5xe cui-body-m-mwmz cui-body-semibold-pt76 cui-body-normal-pvqj cui-body-highlight-kmah css-10dm8y evwnbdz2">Apply Now!</strong></p>
<p class="cui-body-o5xe cui-body-m-mwmz cui-body-regular-hd7o cui-body-normal-pvqj css-k4eprn">If you're passionate about payment processing and want to make a real impact at a fast-growing fintech company, we'd love to hear from you. Apply today to join the SumUp team and help us build the future of payments!</p>
</div>
<div><hr></div><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>Job Application Tip</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We recognise that candidates feel they need to meet 100% of the job criteria in order to apply for a job. Please note that this is only a guide. If you don’t tick every box, it’s ok too because it means you have room to learn and develop your career at SumUp.</span></p></div>