<h2 style="text-align: center;"><span style="font-size: 18pt;">AI Training Specialists</span></h2>
<p style="text-align: center;">&nbsp;</p>
<h4 style="text-align: center;"><strong><em>About Prolific</em></strong></h4>
<p style="text-align: left;">Prolific is not just another player in the AI space – we are building the biggest pool of quality human data in the world.&nbsp;</p>
<p style="text-align: left;">Over 35,000 AI developers, researchers, and organizations use Prolific to gather data from paid study participants with a wide variety of experiences, knowledge, and skills.</p>
<h4 style="text-align: center;"><em><strong>The role</strong></em></h4>
<p style="text-align: left;">We’re looking for AI Training Experts to help train and evaluate cutting-edge AI models. If you have the necessary experience, we’ll send you a quick 10- to 15-minute test to assess your skills and suitability for AI tasks. If successful, you’ll be invited to join Prolific as a participant, where you’ll get paid to train and evaluate powerful AI models.&nbsp;</p>
<p style="text-align: left;">Researchers looking for your skills tend to pay upto of £25/hr per AI task completed. You must be prepared to complete paid tasks that require one hour of uninterrupted work, though many are shorter.</p>
<p style="text-align: left;">If that sounds like something that matches your skills, <a href="https://app.prolific.com/register/participant/waitlist/?campaign\_code=C8ICM2HG"><strong>please complete our registration via this link.</strong></a><strong>&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p style="text-align: center;">&nbsp;</p>
<h4 style="text-align: center;"><em><strong>What you’ll bring</strong></em></h4>
<ul style="text-align: center;">
<li style="text-align: left;">AI Training task skills and verifiable professional experience as an AI Trainer</li>
<li style="text-align: left;">A willingness to take our skills verification test to assess your suitability for our participant pool</li>
<li style="text-align: left;">Strong attention to detail and the ability to concentrate on complex tasks for up to one hour at a time</li>
<li style="text-align: left;">A reliable and fast internet connection and access to a computer</li>
<li style="text-align: left;">A willingness to self-declare your earnings, as our participants are self-employed</li>
<li style="text-align: left;">A Paypal account to receive payment from our clients</li>
</ul>
<h4 style="text-align: center;"><em><strong>What you’ll be doing in the role&nbsp;</strong></em></h4>
<ul style="text-align: center;">
<li style="text-align: left;">Completing AI training tasks such as analyzing, editing, and writing annotations</li>
<li style="text-align: left;">Judging the performance of AI in performing&nbsp;</li>
<li style="text-align: left;">Improving cutting-edge AI models</li>
</ul>
<h4 style="text-align: center;"><em><strong>Key Technologies&nbsp;</strong></em></h4>
<ul>
<li style="text-align: left;">General AI Training&nbsp;</li>
<li>Image and Video Annotation&nbsp;</li>
<li>Trust and Safety&nbsp;</li>
<li>Evals&nbsp;</li>
<li>Red Teaming</li>
<li>Quality Analytics&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<h4 style="text-align: center;"><em>Why Prolific is a great platform to join as a Participant</em></h4>
<p style="text-align: left;">Joining our platform as a <strong><a href="https://app.prolific.com/register/participant/waitlist/?campaign\_code=C8ICM2HG">Prolific participant </a></strong>will give you the chance to influence the AI models of the future. Once you pass our assessment, you can join Prolific in just 15 minutes, and start enjoying competitive pay rates, flexible hours, and the ability to work from home.&nbsp;</p>
<p style="text-align: left;">We've built a unique platform that connects researchers and companies with a global pool of participants, enabling the collection of high-quality, ethically sourced human behavioural data and feedback. This data is the cornerstone of developing more accurate, nuanced, and aligned AI systems.</p>
<p style="text-align: left;">We believe that the next leap in AI capabilities won't come solely from scaling existing models, but from integrating diverse human perspectives and behaviours into AI development. By providing this crucial human data infrastructure, Prolific is positioning itself at the forefront of the next wave of AI innovation – one that reflects the breath and the best of humanity.</p>
<h4 style="text-align: center;"><em><strong>Links to more information on Prolific</strong></em></h4>
<p style="text-align: center;"><a href="https://www.prolific.com/">Website&nbsp;</a></p>
<p style="text-align: center;"><a href="https://www.youtube.com/@JoinProlific">Youtube</a>&nbsp;</p>
<h4 style="text-align: center;"><em>Privacy Statement</em></h4>
<p style="text-align: left;"><strong>By submitting your application, you agree that Prolific may collect your personal data for recruiting and global organisation planning. Prolific's <a href="https://www.notion.so/prolific/Policy-Privacy-Notice-for-Candidates-f94a136a67544388b4888bc436451b57">Candidate Privacy Notice</a> explains what personal information Prolific may process, where Prolific may process your personal information, its purposes for processing your personal information, and the rights you can exercise over Prolific use of your personal information.</strong></p>