**The world’s most advanced VPN, and a whole lot more.**

If you’re a curious problem-solver who carves their own path, join the team behind Threat Protection Pro, the NordLynx protocol, and the fastest VPN on the planet—tools that put privacy, security, and control back in people’s hands.

**Your impact?** Helping millions take back control of their online security, privacy, and data.

**The Design Team** is a dynamic, multidisciplinary group of product designers, web designers, UX researchers, UX writers, and graphic designers. We're building the future of digital freedom across our cybersecurity suite products, such as NordVPN, NordPass, Saily & NordProtect. We are helping millions of users own their online lives. We aim to simplify the complex world of cybersecurity for everyone. We thrive on honest feedback to help each other grow and believe in the freedom to take initiative, be bold, and run with new ideas.

We're looking for a **Senior Product Designer** to join our NordVPN Apps Design team and help us shape the future of digital security. This position is about solving complex problems and designing delightful, intuitive experiences that make online privacy accessible to everyone.

## Main Responsibilities

- Collaborate and own. Work alongside product owners, engineering and ux research. No hand-holding here — we expect you to take the lead and be a proactive problem solver.
- Navigate the unknown. This role is not about following a strict plan. You'll be handling the "explore" mode, trying out wild ideas and rapid prototyping of possible ideas.
- Build and Refine: Design thoughtful, scalable solutions for complex systems, paying meticulous attention to visual and interaction details to craft high-quality, user-friendly experiences.
- Contribute to the culture. Contribute to a design culture that values speed, craft, and honest feedback. You'll be a mentor for other designers and help us all do the best work and grow together.

## Core Requirements

- Experience: 4+ years in product design (mobile & desktop apps) and systems thinking.
- Ownership and Communication: You're self-driven and your strong communication skills allow you to clearly articulate strategy and solutions to cross-functional teams and leadership.
- Technical Know-how: Experience with Figma, familiarity with modern design systems and natural curiosity in AI tools usage. Expert level in prototyping.
- Attention to Detail: You have a meticulous eye for visual and interaction details while crafting high-quality, user-friendly experiences.

**Additional:**

- Experience designing accessible and inclusive interfaces for people with disabilities is a strong plus.
- Understanding how to apply WCAG conformance criteria in design and test for accessibility standards is highly valued.
- Experience in motion design.

## Salary Range

- Gross Salary 3100 - 6000 EUR/Month

**What We Offer**

**Innovate with industry leaders**

Work alongside global experts to build world-leading cybersecurity tools, impacting millions of users around the world.

**Learn & grow**

Boost your skills via our extensive training programs (online and offline) & other resources. Benefit from mentorship and career-switch opportunities to grow within the company.

**Work in a next-gen Cyber City office**

Thrive in our bustling office, featuring ergonomic workspaces, modern meeting rooms, engaging events, and specialty coffee to fuel your day.

**Hybrid work**

Enjoy the flexibility with 3 office days and working from home for the remaining 2.

**Work from anywhere**

Recharge with a change of scenery – choose work from any location when you feel a need to power your creativity and drive.

**Physical well-being**

Boost your health with free-of-charge 24/7 gym access, onsite and online workouts, and consultations led by in-house Physical Well-Being experts.

**Mental & emotional health**

Nurture your mind with free psychologist consultations, dedicated mental health events, and premium access to top-rated wellness apps like Calm, Headspace, and Mindletic.

**Premium healthcare**

Receive private health insurance giving you peace of mind for your health needs.

**Extra days off**

Enjoy additional vacation days off as you grow with us. Plus, get extra days for sick leave, special occasions, or parenting needs.

**Joyful moments – special treats**

Celebrate life’s big moments with special gifts from us on your birthday, anniversary, and other major events, such as weddings or the arrival of a new family member.

**Company events & team-building**

Experience iconic Nord Security celebrations, team-buildings, and knowledge-sharing events, nurturing bonds that fuel our success.

**Workation**

Embark on a legendary company getaway abroad, filled with exciting activities, live concerts, engaging workshops, and epic time together.

*Kindly refer to our Privacy Notice for Recruitment Candidates for comprehensive information regarding our data handling procedures throughout recruitment processes:* <https://bit.ly/40GWyjL>

*We expect all candidates to provide accurate and complete information during the recruitment process. While limited use of AI tools to refine application materials is acceptable, candidates remain fully responsible for ensuring that their submissions reflect their own qualifications, skills, and experience. Any failure to do so may negatively affect participation in the recruitment process. If broader AI assistance is allowed for a particular role or stage, we’ll let you know in advance.*

*By submitting your application, you acknowledge that it may be processed using automated tools for evaluation purposes. As part of our recruitment process, we may use an AI-based application review tool to help assess applications based on skills and experience relevant to the role. This technology is used to support - not replace - human decision-making, and every application is ultimately reviewed by a recruiter.*

*If you would like more information about how AI is used in this process or wish to exercise your rights under applicable data privacy laws, please contact us at [privacy@nordaccount.com](mailto:privacy@nordaccount.com). Should you prefer to opt out of the automated evaluation, please submit your application directly to [career@nordsec.com](mailto:career@nordsec.com).*