<div class="content-intro"><p>Celonis is the global leader in Process Intelligence and the pioneer of Process Mining technology. As one of the world’s fastest-growing enterprise SaaS companies, we are changemakers pushing the boundaries of what’s possible. We invest heavily in advanced AI capabilities—specifically our Process Intelligence Graph—to turn data insights into immediate business action. We believe there is a massive opportunity to unlock global productivity and sustainability by placing intelligence at the core of every business process. Join our mission to make processes work for people, companies, and the planet.</p></div><p style="text-align: left;"><strong>The Team:</strong></p>
<p style="text-align: left;">The Celonis Value Engineering (VE) team is focused on managing the entire customer value lifecycle, from sales through value realization, renewal and expansion. As a Value Engineer - India, your primary focus will be supporting our GCC's (Global Competency Centers) across the Adopt and Expand phases of our customer value journey. This team will be a part of the Global VE CoE spearheading our mission of data-driven business transformation with our customers.You will blend deep process and industry expertise with a proven consulting skill set with strong analytical skills at the forefront of one of the fastest-growing tech companies worldwide.</p>
<p style="text-align: left;"><strong>The Role:</strong></p>
<p style="text-align: left;">As an <strong>Applied AI Value Engineer</strong> you are pushing the envelope in solving mission-critical problems for our customers. You will be working with our most strategic customers, understanding their strategy and key challenges, and building Celonis solutions using cutting edge AI technologies of market leaders such as Microsoft and OpenAI. With Celonis’ market leading Process Intelligence (PI) Platform we feed operational context to AI so it understands our customers’ businesses and enables them to industrialize AI unlocking real ROI on AI deployments and at scale. There is no AI without PI. You will prototype these solutions, demonstrate their value to Executives and ensure successful implementation, adoption and value realization in order to increase the footprint of Celonis at those customers.</p>
<p style="text-align: left;"><strong>The work you’ll do:</strong></p>
<ul class="ul1" style="text-align: left;">
<li class="li1">AI Discovery &amp; Solutioning: Understand customers AI strategy and business critical challenges. As Celonis product &amp; domain expert, find the best problem-solution fit and translate customer requirements into innovative solutions that move the needle</li>
<li class="li1">Hackathons &amp; Prototyping: Leverage cutting edge AI technologies to rapidly build creative prototypes in customer hackathons solving business critical problems</li>
<li class="li1">Agentic Process Transformation: Support our customers in achieving real ROI out of AI deployments at scale enabling a fundamental shift in business operations from traditional, rule-based automation to the use of autonomous AI agents empowered by our Celonis Process Intelligence Platform</li>
<li class="li1">Proof projects: End-to-end execution of business-critical Proof-of-Value projects, incl. architecture and deliver secure, scalable LLM/agent systems with RAG, tools, and guardrails; integrating with enterprise data, identity, and compliance frameworks.</li>
<li class="li1">Ensure Successful Project Outcome: Applied AI Engineers stay involved with projects until agreed value &amp; adoption thresholds are reached</li>
<li class="li1">Specialize in Domains or Industries: To scale knowledge across the organization Applied AI Engineers specialize in domains (e.g. supply chain) and industries</li>
</ul>
<p style="text-align: left;"><strong>The qualifications you need:</strong></p>
<p class="p1" style="text-align: left;"><span class="s1"><strong>Requirements:</strong></span></p>
<ul class="ul1" style="text-align: left;">
<li class="li1">4+ years of experience leading technical pre-sales, including defining AI roadmaps, building compelling ROI/TCO business cases and prototyping of machine learning and generative AI solutions.</li>
<li class="li1">Understanding of generative AI techniques like RAG, few shot learning, prompt engineering, multi-agent orchestration, multimodal understanding, or fine-tuning that are used to build high-impact use cases like intelligent chatbots and automated text processors.</li>
<li class="li1">Understanding of business processes across sectors (such as Supply Chain or Finance) with the ability to translate high-level business needs into specific AI use cases.</li>
<li class="li1">Good knowledge of Python and common ML libraries (such as LangChain, pandas, pydantic, sklearn, PyTorch) as well as data engineering tools and technologies.</li>
<li class="li1">Strong presentation skills to both internal and external stakeholders (including executives), whether whiteboarding sessions or formal readouts and demos.</li>
<li class="li1">Bachelor’s Degree required, Masters Degree in computer science, engineering, mathematics or related fields, or equivalent work experience preferred.</li>
</ul>
<p class="p1" style="text-align: left;"><strong>Nice to have (big plus):</strong></p>
<ul class="ul1">
<li class="li1" style="text-align: left;">Hands-on experience building agentic systems using LLM orchestration, RAG, function calling, and prompt engineering, while ensuring safety through rigorous evaluations and guardrails.</li>
<li class="li1" style="text-align: left;">Working knowledge of tools in the LLM ecosystem such as LangChain, LlamaIndex, or other OSS packages.</li>
<li class="li1" style="text-align: left;">Experience in deploying and monitoring models at scale across major cloud platforms (AWS Bedrock, Azure AI, GCP Vertex)</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>What Celonis can offer you:</strong></p>
<ul class="p-rich\_text\_list p-rich\_text\_list\_\_bullet p-rich\_text\_list--nested" data-stringify-type="unordered-list" data-list-tree="true" data-indent="0" data-border="0">
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Pioneer Innovation:</span> Work with the global leader in Process Mining and the Process Intelligence Graph to shape the future of AI-driven business operations.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Ownership from Day 1:</span> Every full-time "Celonaut" is an owner, receiving Restricted Stock Units (RSUs) and merit-based refresh grants.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Unrivaled Family Support:</span> Benefit from our inclusive parental leave policy—24 weeks of fully paid leave for primary carers and 12 weeks for supporting carers, available from your first day of employment.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Work-Life Integration:</span> Enjoy Unlimited PTO (in applicable regions) and generous PTO globally, as well as a flexible hybrid work model that balances remote focus with vibrant office collaboration.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Continuous Growth:</span> Elevate your skills through our 70-20-10 learning framework, mentorship programs, and access to a dedicated learning platform.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Holistic Well-being:</span> Prioritize your health with subsidized Wellhub memberships, mental health counseling, and dedicated "Wellness Weeks" that prioritize work/life balance.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Drive Sustainability:</span> Participate in annual Impact Days, where you receive paid time off to volunteer for community and environmental causes with your local office, or virtually.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Global Inclusion &amp; Belonging:</span> Find community through our Inclusion Think Tank and participate in our annual Inclusion Days, ensuring every voice is heard and valued.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Value-Driven Impact:</span> Join a mission-led organization where our core values—Live for Customer Value, The Best Team Wins, We Own It, and Earth Is Our Future—drive every decision.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>About Us:</strong></p>
<p>Celonis makes processes work — for people, companies, and the planet. Powered by process mining and AI, the Celonis Process Intelligence Platform integrates process data and business context to create a living digital twin of business operations. We enable thousands of companies worldwide to understand how their business actually runs and, together with their partners, build intelligent solutions that transform and continuously improve the way they operate — unlocking billions in value. Celonis is headquartered in Munich, Germany, and New York City, USA, with more than 20 offices worldwide.</p>
<p><br>Get familiar with the Celonis Process Intelligence Platform by watching this <a href="https://academy.celonis.com/learn/video/discover-the-ems">video</a>.</p>
<p><strong>Celonis Inclusion Statement:</strong></p>
<p>At Celonis, we believe our people make us who we are and that “The Best Team Wins”. We know that the best teams are made up of people who bring different perspectives to the table. And when everyone feels included, able to speak up and knows their voice is heard - that's when creativity and innovation happen.<strong><br></strong></p>
<p><strong>Your Privacy:</strong></p>
<p>Any information you submit to Celonis as part of your application will be processed in accordance with Celonis’ <a href="https://www.celonis.com/careers/candidate-notices">Accessibility and Candidate Notices</a></p>
<p>By submitting this application, you confirm that you agree to the storing and processing of your personal data by Celonis as described in our <a href="https://www.celonis.com/careers/privacy-notice/">Privacy Notice for the Application and Hiring Process</a>.</p>
<p>Please be aware of common job offer scams, impersonators and frauds. Learn more <a href="https://www.celonis.com/careers/fraud-alert/">here</a>.</p></div>