<h2>About Us</h2>
<p>Artificial Intelligence could be one of humanity’s most useful inventions. At Google DeepMind, we’re a team of scientists, engineers, machine learning experts and more, working together to advance the state of the art in artificial intelligence. We use our technologies for widespread public benefit and scientific discovery, and collaborate with others on critical challenges, ensuring safety and ethics are the highest priority.</p>
<h2>The Role</h2>
<p>The mission of Agents Innovation is to create a powerful innovation flywheel that accelerates the development of next-generation agents, delivering continuous model improvements to Gemini and enabling seamless agentic deployment across Google’s product ecosystem.</p>
<p>As a Technical Program Manager for Agents Innovation, you will be at the heart of this flywheel. You will bring the execution excellence to de-risk research bets and bring the latest Incubations to our users. You will drive the technical execution of programs that turn breakthrough agentic capabilities into production-ready models that power Gemini and Google products.</p>
<h3>Key responsibilities:</h3>
<ul>
<li>Orchestrate the Innovation Flywheel: Manage the lifecycle of agentic innovations from early research bets to incubation and upstreaming into the unified Gemini recipe.</li>
<li>Lead complex engineering workstreams focused on core agentic capabilities.</li>
<li>Drive the development and adoption of eval benchmarks to ensure model improvements are rigorously validated on benchmarks like SWE-bench and GDPVal.</li>
<li>Cross-Functional Integration: Build resilient pathways between DeepMind technical experts and partner product teams, ensuring a "multi-way win" where a single agentic advancement (e.g., skill writing) unlocks value across multiple Google surfaces.</li>
</ul>
<h3>About You</h3>
<p>In order to set you up for success as a Technical Program Manager at Google DeepMind, we look for the following skills and experience:</p>
<ul>
<li>8+ years of experience leading complex, organizational-level technical programs in a software development or R&amp;D environment.</li>
<li>Deep understanding of the AI model development lifecycle, including pre-training, post-training, and infrastructure constraints, especially in agentic development.</li>
<li>Proven ability to manage engineering backlogs, navigate technical ambiguity, and drive execution on high-priority research strikes.</li>
<li>Exceptional stakeholder management skills with the ability to build consensus across a matrixed enterprise.</li>
<li>Thrive in fast pace, high velocity environnment, quick to pivot and adapt to new directions</li>
<li>Strong communicator, data driven and precise.&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><em>At Google DeepMind, we value diversity of experience, knowledge, backgrounds, and perspectives and harness these qualities to create extraordinary impact. We are committed to equal employment opportunities regardless of sex, race, religion or belief, ethnic or national origin, disability, age, citizenship, marital, domestic or civil partnership status, sexual orientation, gender identity, pregnancy, or related condition (including breastfeeding) or any other basis as protected by applicable law. If you have a disability or additional need that requires accommodation, please do not hesitate to let us know.</em></p>
<h2>&nbsp;</h2>
<h4>&nbsp;</h4>