<p>QphoX is looking for a <strong>Quantum Application Engineer </strong>to help push our microwave-to-optics conversion technology and its application to quantum computing to the next level. In this role, you will be part of a team focussing on the development of optical interconnects for control, readout and networking of quantum processors. As a Quantum Application Engineer, you will define and articulate the performance requirements of our products, develop experiments to quantify these requirements and demonstrate the performance of our technology both internally as well as with external partners and customers.</p>
<p><strong>You will be involved in:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Research and development of microwave-to-optics transducer technology</li>
<li>Development of optical signal delivery systems for high fidelity qubit control</li>
<li>Planning and executing experiments to demonstrate the performance and practicality of our products, including joint demonstrations with external partners, collaborators, and customers</li>
<li>Analysing, summarising, and presenting experimental results through reports, presentations, and technical discussions</li>
<li>Collaborating closely within a diverse, multidisciplinary team of scientists and engineers</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Skills and knowledge you will bring to QphoX:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>A masters (WO) in (applied) physics, photonics or a related subject</li>
<li>2+ years of industry or applied research experience in one or more of the following: superconducting circuits, photonics, telecommunications, test and measurement or a related subject</li>
<li>Proficiency in Python for instrumentation, data acquisition and data analysis</li>
<li>The ability to work collaboratively with inter-disciplinary teams</li>
<li>An organised and rigorous working style</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Our Ideal Candidate:</strong></p>
<p>Our ideal candidate is a passionate, hands-on experimentalist who enjoys translating technology from the lab into real-world applications. They are eager to contribute across the full journey from experiment to product — from early-stage technical development through deployment with customers, from drafting concepts to presenting results.</p>
<p>Teamwork is an essential value of our company, hence fitting into the team is crucial. Finally, they would have to feel positive working in fast-paced learning environment.</p>
<p>We strongly encourage people of any underrepresented group to apply as we are committed to diversity and work to build an inclusive environment where all people, regardless of gender, race, religion, or background, can thrive.</p>
<p><strong>Benefits and other perks of working with us:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Competitive salary</li>
<li>Employment stock ownership plan</li>
<li>End-year performance-based bonus</li>
<li>25 days of holidays on a full-time basis</li>
<li>Career growth opportunities</li>
<li>Opportunities to network and connect</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>About us:</strong></p>
<p>At QphoX we strive to be an inclusive place where a diverse mix of talented people want to come, to learn, to live their passion and do their best work.</p>
<p>We are dedicated to promoting equality, creating a safe environment for everyone, and believe deeply in diversity of race, gender, sexual orientation, religion, ethnicity, national origin, age, socioeconomic background and all the other fascinating characteristics that make us different. We truly think diversity is a strength and working in a diverse environment, and being exposed to a variety of perspectives makes us stronger as a team and better human beings.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>