<p>At JetBrains, code is our passion. Ever since we started, back in 2000, we have been striving to make the most effective developer tools on earth. By automating routine checks and corrections, our tools speed up production, freeing developers to grow, discover, and create.</p>
<p>With hundreds of thousands of users around the world, IntelliJ IDEA is the best development environment for Java and other programming languages. We have created several other IDEs and additional products for working with code, such as Qodana, based on the IntelliJ Platform.</p>
<p>We want to develop our platform, make it more flexible, and adapt it to various tasks and scenarios. Recently, we’ve implemented several major changes relating to our in-IDE licensing subsystem. These include new free license options and the release of AI Assistant and Junie. Now, we need to reimagine and modernize our licensing subsystem entirely.</p>
<h3><strong>Requirements:&nbsp;</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Experience working on Java or Kotlin projects.</li>
<li>The ability to solve complex technical problems in real products with a wide range of customers.</li>
<li>Knowledge of algorithms and data structures.</li>
<li>English language proficiency sufficient for correspondence, including with end users.</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>Our ideal candidate would have:&nbsp;</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Experience working with profilers.</li>
<li>Experience creating and designing APIs.</li>
<li>Experience writing plugins for IntelliJ IDEA.</li>
<li>Knowledge of how code analysis tools work.</li>
<li>Knowledge and experience using other programming languages besides Java and Kotlin.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>How we work:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>We store our source code in Git, with some of the code stored publicly on GitHub. (<a href="https://github.com/JetBrains/intellij-community">https://github.com/JetBrains/intellij-community</a>).</li>
<li>Most of our source code is written in Java and Kotlin. However, there are also small pieces that are written in Rust, C, and C++.</li>
<li>To organize our team’s work, we use JetBrains tools, including Space for code reviews, TeamCity for automated testing and product builds, and YouTrack for bug tracking.</li>
</ul>
<div id="message-list-preview-list\_1764171715.296769" data-qa="virtual-list-item" data-item-key="1764171715.296769">
<div data-qa="message\_container" data-qa-unprocessed="false" data-qa-placeholder="false" data-msg-ts="1764171715.296769" data-msg-channel-id="D09GS1K21DH">
<div data-qa-hover="true">
<div>
<div>
<div data-qa="message\_content">
<div>
<div data-qa="message-text">
<div data-qa="block-kit-renderer">
<div>
<div>
<div><span style="color: rgb(255, 255, 255);">#LI-KT1</span></div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<p><span style="color: rgb(255, 255, 255);">#LI-DNI</span></p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>We are an equal opportunity employer</strong><br><br>We know great ideas can come from anyone, anywhere. That’s why we do our best to create an open and inclusive workplace – one that welcomes everyone regardless of their background, identity, religion, age, accessibility needs, or orientation.</p>
<p><em data-stringify-type="italic">We process the data provided in your job application in accordance with the <a href="https://www.jetbrains.com/legal/docs/privacy/privacy-recruitment/">Recruitment Privacy Policy.</a></em></p></div>