CaptivateIQ is transforming the way companies plan, manage, and optimize sales performance. We started by revolutionizing incentive compensation management, and now we're expanding our platform to solve broader sales planning challenges. Recognized by industry analysts like Forrester and G2 and backed by top-tier investors, including Sequoia, ICONIQ, Accel, and Sapphire Ventures,  we empower high-growth companies like Netflix, Figma, and Stripe with the flexibility and insights needed to drive revenue performance.

Join a talented, fast-growing team committed to solving some of the most complex and impactful problems in sales performance management.

**About the Role**

CaptivateIQ is currently seeking a Solution Engineer to drive exceptional results in a B2B SaaS environment. As a Solution Engineer at CaptivateIQ, you own the technical win in the sales cycle and participate in deal strategy and positioning.

Solution Engineers are experts in identifying and aligning with our prospects’ challenges and goals and demonstrating how our solution delivers value in those contexts.  In this role, you'll work alongside our Sales team to win new business while collaborating with cross-functional teams like Product. This strategic alignment is key to achieving high win rates and ensuring customer success.

We have found that the most successful Solution Engineers have strong technical aptitude and are confident and strategic storytellers. As a team, we are very passionate and always ready to dive in, problem solve, and think creatively.

## Responsibilities

- Support the Sales team with technical proof in sales cycles. This includes running discovery sessions, leading product demonstrations, and collaborating on deal strategy
- Tailor demonstrations to convey value to prospective customers. This includes configuring demo accounts to show how we support complex commissions plans & data structures.
- Identify opportunities for the platform’s next features and collaborate with Product/Engineering to develop these features
- Build great relationships and trust with prospects and customers by providing industry thought leadership and expertise
- Work cross-functionally with other parts of the organization to drive process improvement and customer satisfaction.
- Lead by example. Mentor team members and share best practices consistently to uplevel the whole team.

## Requirements

- 5+ years of work experience configuring and selling software preferably in technology/SaaS
- Positive, team player mentality with strong time management, organization, and presentation skills
- Deep technical aptitude and curiosity for learning new technologies in a fast-paced environment. Experience with building Excel models or a programming language (e.g., SQL, Python)
- Creative and open approach to problem-solving and partnering with internal teams to drive what’s best for the customer and for CaptivateIQ
- Ability to communicate professionally and effectively in written responses to emails, customer requirements, and formal RFPs
- Ability to work independently in a fast-paced startup environment
- Past experience in a fast-paced and deadline-oriented environment
- Experience in working cross-functionally with product, support, marketing, and other functions
- Strong collaborator that finds it easy to work with team members to drive a great team culture
- Proficiency with popular CRMs (e.g. Salesforce), ERPs (e.g. Netsuite), and/or billing systems (e.g. Zuora)

## Benefits

- Comprehensive Healthcare: 100% coverage for medical, dental, and vision for all FTEs, with roughly 75% coverage for dependents.
- Flexible Time Off: Flexible vacation days plus quarterly mental health days to ensure you have the space to recharge.
- Annual Stipends: Dedicated funds for your professional development and caretaking needs.
- Work Anniversary Bonuses: Annual bonuses to celebrate your milestones and contributions to the CaptivateIQ team that grow as your tenure does.
- Retirement Savings (US-Only): A 401(k) plan to help you invest in and secure your future.
- Premium Tools: The latest Apple hardware to empower you to do your best work.
- Inclusive Community: Active Employee Resource Groups (ERGs) that celebrate shared identities and support our DEI goals by fostering an environment where diverse talent thrives.

## Notice for Prospective Candidates

- Only emails from @captivateiq.com should be trusted.

We are aware of active recruitment scams using the CaptivateIQ name, in which individuals pose as our recruiters and post fake remote job openings and make fake job offers on the Internet. Please note, we will never do the following:

- Attempt to correspond with a candidate using a free web-based account, such as an email address that ends in @gmail.com, @yahoo.com, @hotmail.com, etc.
- Make an offer of employment without conducting multiple rounds of interviews face-to-face using secure video-conferencing technology.
- Ask candidates to cash checks to buy equipment on behalf of CaptivateIQ.
- Ask candidates to make a payment in order to be considered for a position.
- Make early requests for candidates' personal information such as date of birth, passport details, credit card numbers, bank details and social security number, etc.
- Please note that we’ll only ask for more sensitive personal information in connection with background checks after an offer is made.

*CaptivateIQ participates in E-Verify, web-based system that allows enrolled employers to confirm the eligibility of their employees to work in the United States*