**We are making travel effortless. Join us.**

Whether it’s to visit the people closest to us, starting an exciting adventure, or a career-defining business trip, travel is an essential part of our lives. Yet we've all experienced the aches and pains of getting to our destination. Today, more than 4 billion airline passengers rely on technology that hasn't kept up with the expectations of the modern connected traveller.

That’s why we’ve started to rebuild the infrastructure that underpins the travel industry. We’re on a mission to unravel travel — simplifying systems and building the tools that will make the future of travel effortless.

We were part of Y Combinator S18's cohort and we are backed by Benchmark, Blossom, Index Ventures and Kima Ventures. A fantastic set of investors that has helped build some of the world's largest companies.

Overview

If you have a passion for helping customers and solving challenging technical problems then this may be the role for you. Duffel is hiring a Customer Success Engineer (CSE) to provide expert technical support to our largest and most important customers. You will help our customers by addressing their current questions and suggesting ways to use our APIs to build the best travel experience for their users. Additionally, you will collaborate with a cross-functional group across Duffel including Product, Engineering, Finance, and Travel Operations to ensure a superior customer experience with both the product and the company as a whole.

## What we're looking for in you

- Bachelor’s degree in Data Science, Business Analytics, Statistics, Computer Science, or a related technical field.
- 5+ years in tech support helping enterprise customers use a RESTful API product
- Experience integrating APIs, debugging integration issues, writing scripts and SQL queries.
- Ability to read (and ideally write) code in multiple programming languages
- Track record of expeditiously answering and solving product related questions
- Eager to embrace the culture and objectives of a fast moving startup
- Able to handle diverse responsibilities and work independently to achieve desired results; have sound judgment and business acumen.
- Excellent communication skills with ability to express complex business and technology issues in a clear way.
- Operational mindset: you’re eager to build processes for yourself and the team to maximise productivity.
- Strong analytical skills: you enjoy digging into data to find insights and drive decisions
- Experience working in cross-functional teams and continuously delivering feedback to shape product roadmap and influence sales strategy
- Track record of engaging effectively with customer staff of all career levels
- A plus: Knowledge of travel technology - specifically airline and/or hotel distribution systems

## What you will do

- Communicate proactively with strategic customers as their primary point of contact at Duffel, keeping the customers engaged and maximizing the use of our services and solutions
- Manage the implementation process with a subset of Duffel customers as they build a travel experience on top of Duffel’s fulsome API tools
- Answer product questions and resolve API issues via email, slack, and zoom.
- Support the Duffel sales team on technical review calls with prospective customers
- Maintain deep technical knowledge of the Duffel platform to educate customers on best practices
- Establish and manage best practices to onboard and engage customers with sound and robust processes
- Develop KPIs with each customer to measure and optimize business and technical performance
- Analyse customers’ needs and advise how they can use our APIs to better meet them.
- Champion product needs within Duffel to inform our technology strategy and roadmap

**What's in it for you:**

• Work From Anywhere 🏡

• Duffel Travel Allowance ✈️

• Generous Parental Leave 👩‍🍼

• Sabbatical opportunities 🧘‍♀️

• x2 Days Hybrid at our Shoreditch office + team socials 🪩

• Competitive package + equity 💰

**What you can expect from us**

We’re dedicated to your personal growth. Our environment is comfortable physically, but also in that our ears are always open to any ideas, concerns and questions. We believe that everyone should have pride in their work, taking full ownership of it and its impact. That’s why everyone who joins Duffel owns a share of the company.

*We are an equal opportunities employer. We believe that the key to our success is employing a diverse team, that’s why recruitment decisions are only based on your experience and skills. We value your ability to problem solve and build amazing things so we welcome applications for everyone – regardless of age, sex, disability, sexual orientation, race, religion or belief.*

**Note to recruitment agencies**

Duffel does not accept speculative CV's from external parties. Any unsolicited CV's sent to us will be treated as property of Duffel, and any attached terms and conditions associated with these CV's will be null and void.