<div class="content-intro"><p>Iterable is the leading AI-powered customer engagement platform that helps leading brands like Redfin, SeatGeek, Priceline, Calm, and Box create dynamic, individualized experiences at scale. Our platform empowers organizations to activate customer data, design seamless cross-channel interactions, and optimize engagement—all with enterprise-grade security and compliance. Today, nearly 1,200 brands across 50+ countries rely on Iterable to drive growth, deepen customer relationships, and deliver joyful customer experiences.</p>
<p>Our success is powered by extraordinary people who bring our core values—Trust, Growth Mindset, Balance, and Humility—to life. We foster a culture of innovation, collaboration, and inclusion, where ideas are valued and individuals are empowered to do their best work. That’s why we’ve been recognized as one of <a href="https://www.inc.com/best-workplaces/2022">Inc’s Best Workplaces</a> and <a href="https://iterable.com/blog/inc-names-iterable-one-of-americas-fastest-growing-companies/">Fastest Growing Companies</a>, and were recognized on Forbes’ list of America’s Best Startup Employers in 2022. Notably, Iterable has also been listed on<a href="https://blog.wealthfront.com/announcing-2021-career-launching-companies/"> Wealthfront’s Career Launching Companies List</a> and has held a top 10 ranking on the<a href="https://wearegirlsclub.com/top-25-companies-where-women-want-to-work/"> Top 25 Companies Where Women Want to Work</a>.</p>
<p>With a global presence—including offices in San Francisco, New York, Denver, London, and Lisbon, plus remote employees worldwide—we are committed to building a diverse and inclusive workplace. We welcome candidates from all backgrounds and encourage you to apply. Learn more about our story and mission on our<a href="https://iterable.com/culture/"> Culture</a> and<a href="https://iterable.com/company/"> About Us</a> pages. Let’s shape the future of customer engagement together!</p></div><p><span style="font-size: 18pt;"><strong>\*\*\*\*\*2 Open Headcount - Can be London or Lisbon. \*\*\*\*</strong></span></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>How you will make an impact:</strong></p>
<p>The Solutions Consulting team is made up of motivated, tech-savvy communicators – team players who make an impact across the whole organization. This is a pre-sales role that sits at the intersection of Sales, Product, Engineering, and Marketing -- you're looked at not just as a product expert, but as a thought leader that helps drive the future of the Iterable platform and our customers' MarTech ecosystems. You’ll constantly be learning and applying a broad range of skills, collaborating with diverse internal and external teams – guiding marketers, tech teams, product managers, and C-level executives on how to best unlock the full value of Iterable.</p>
<p>We're looking to expand our organization with teammates who are intellectually curious and willing to embrace challenges, all while keeping our company values of Humility, Trust, Growth Mindset, and Balance top of mind.&nbsp;</p>
<p>By learning about prospects’ goals, crafting solutions, and giving feedback you’ll have daily opportunities to hone your sales and technical presentation skills. You’ll demonstrate the power and value of the Iterable platform using creative brainstorming, critical thinking, and problem-solving. You will also get to tackle a broad range of situations beyond sales presentations, including internal education and technical projects.&nbsp;&nbsp;</p>
<p>One of our core values is Growth Mindset and Iterable is a company where everyone can grow. If this is a role that excites you, please apply as we value applicants for the skills they bring beyond a job description.</p>
<p><strong>How you will make a difference:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Work closely with our Account Executives to assess prospect challenges, think critically to devise solutions, and strategize how to present that information</li>
<li>Generate excitement around the Iterable platform by delivering compelling demonstrations and technical presentations tailored to diverse audiences</li>
<li>Guide prospects and customers through structured platform evaluations and trials by aligning on success criteria, designing use-case driven test plans to help teams confidently make buying decisions</li>
<li>Investigate prospects' technical landscape to provide a seamless integration recommendation</li>
<li>Support prospects from initial scoping through to successful handoff to our Professional Services team</li>
<li>Play a major role in helping to close SaaS deals</li>
<li>Liaison with internal teams to deliver new features and drive adoption of the Iterable platform, as well as supporting up-sells and account growth</li>
<li>Help prospects see the potential of Iterable AI by brainstorming innovative use cases, validating feasibility, and translating opportunities into practical next steps that drive measurable impact</li>
<li>Continually invest in your own career through opportunities that enable you to grow professional interests that coincide with the growth of our org</li>
<li>Have the opportunity to travel and be on-site with prospects when warranted</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>We are looking for people who:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>4+ years in a similar pre-sales role, preferably SaaS and/or MarTech</li>
<li>Technically curious and self-motivated – passionate about learning</li>
<li>Deep knowledge in any of the following areas, particularly in the Martech/Adtech ecosystem: Mobile Integration, APIs, JSON, ElasticSearch, Programming</li>
<li>Demonstrably strong verbal and written communication skills</li>
<li>Team players who are willing to constantly iterate and drive results</li>
<li>Ability to travel for work</li>
<li>Fluency in English is required; proficiency in one additional European language (German, French, Spanish, Swedish, Norwegian, or Finnish) is strongly preferred</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Perks &amp; Benefits:</strong>&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>Competitive salary, meaningful equity, &amp; pension</li>
<li>Comprehensive Private Medical Insurance</li>
<li>Balance Day (First Friday off every month)</li>
<li>Paid parental leave</li>
<li>Fertility &amp; Adoption Assistance</li>
<li>Paid Sabbatical</li>
<li>Flexible PTO</li>
<li>Monthly Employee Wellness allowance</li>
<li>Monthly Professional Development allowance</li>
<li>Complete laptop workstation</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong data-stringify-type="bold">Recruitment Disclaimer:</strong></p>
<p>Please be aware that Iterable, Inc. (“Iterable”) and our official professional recruiting agencies and platforms do not:</p>
<ul>
<li>Send job offers from free email services like Gmail, Yahoo mail, Hotmail, etc.</li>
<li>Request money, fees, or payment of any kind from prospective candidates to apply to Iterable, for employment, or for the recruitment process (e.g. for home office supplies, or training, etc.).</li>
<li>Request or require personal documents like bank account details, tax forms, or credit card information as part of the recruitment process prior to the candidate signing an engagement letter or an employment contract with Iterable.</li>
</ul>
<p>You may see all job vacancies on our official Iterable channels:</p>
<ul>
<li>Official Iterable website, Careers page: <a href="https://iterable.com/careers/">https://iterable.com/careers/</a></li>
<li>Official LinkedIn Jobs page: <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/company/iterable/jobs/">https://www.linkedin.com/company/iterable/jobs/</a></li>
</ul>
<p>Iterable is not affiliated in any way to these impostors and we hereby confirm that such individuals/entities are not authorized, encouraged, or sponsored to act on behalf of Iterable. Such job opportunities are entirely fake and not valid. Therefore, please disregard any written or oral request for a job offer or an interview that you believe is or might be fraudulent or suspicious and immediately reach out to us via email at <strong><a class="c-link" href="mailto:talent-ops@iterable.com" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="mailto:talent-ops@iterable.com" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">talent-ops@iterable.com</a>&nbsp;</strong>upon receiving a suspicious job offer.</p>
<p>Criminal and/or civil liabilities may arise from such actions, and Iterable expressly reserves the right to take legal action, including criminal action, against such individuals/entities whenever such phenomena occur. In any case, please note that under no circumstances shall Iterable and any of its affiliates be held liable or responsible for any claims, losses, damages, expenses or other inconvenience resulting from or in any way connected to the actions of these impostors.<span style="font-weight: 400;"><br><br>Iterable is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer that proudly pursues and hires a diverse workforce. Iterable does not make hiring or employment decisions on the basis of race, color, religion or religious belief, ethnic or national origin, nationality, sex, gender, gender-identity, sexual orientation, disability, age, military or veteran status, or any other basis protected by applicable local, state, or federal laws or prohibited by Company policy. Iterable also strives for a healthy and safe workplace and strictly prohibits harassment of any kind. Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance and other similar state laws and local ordinances, and its internal policy, Iterable will also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.</span></p></div>