<p data-start="379" data-end="752"><strong data-start="379" data-end="436">Join the team powering SumUp’s European sales engine.</strong><br data-start="436" data-end="439">We’re on a mission to scale a team of 1,000+ sales reps across Europe by year-end — and we’re looking for a high-impact Talent Acquisition Partner to help make it happen. In this role, you’ll take full ownership of the hiring funnel, driving mission-critical volume recruitment that directly fuels SumUp’s growth.</p>
<p data-start="754" data-end="918">If you love delivering at scale, thrive under pressure, and are excited by the challenge of building sales teams across multiple markets — we want to hear from you.</p>
<p><strong>&nbsp;</strong><strong>What you’ll do:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li data-start="185" data-end="312">
<p data-start="187" data-end="312">Own the full recruitment lifecycle for field sales reps across key European markets — from sourcing to offer to onboarding.</p>
</li>
<li data-start="313" data-end="428">
<p data-start="315" data-end="428">Deliver 18 onboardings per month (or 24 hires) and help us continuously improve conversion from offer to start.</p>
</li>
<li data-start="429" data-end="567">
<p data-start="431" data-end="567">Optimize the funnel by designing efficient, high-conversion processes and using data to track bottlenecks and improve hiring outcomes.</p>
</li>
<li data-start="568" data-end="643">
<p data-start="570" data-end="643">Manage high-volume pipelines across multiple geographies and languages.</p>
</li>
<li data-start="644" data-end="786">
<p data-start="646" data-end="786">Shape employer brand strategy by boosting visibility and application flow through branding, sourcing campaigns, and local market insights.</p>
</li>
<li data-start="787" data-end="882">
<p data-start="789" data-end="882">Use hiring metrics to scale smarter and identify new ways to improve efficiency and impact.</p>
</li>
<li data-start="883" data-end="1006">
<p data-start="885" data-end="1006">Act as a growth enabler by directly influencing our ability to reach new customers through the salesforce you help build.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>What You Bring to the Table:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li data-start="1907" data-end="2001">
<p data-start="1909" data-end="2001"><strong data-start="1909" data-end="1954">Proven track record in high-volume hiring</strong> (15+ hires/month minimum — more is a bonus!)</p>
</li>
<li data-start="2002" data-end="2123">
<p data-start="2004" data-end="2123"><strong data-start="2004" data-end="2051">Experience hiring commercial or sales roles</strong> — you speak their language, and you know how to close top performers.</p>
</li>
<li data-start="2124" data-end="2249">
<p data-start="2126" data-end="2249"><strong data-start="2126" data-end="2153">Strong sourcing skills.</strong> Boolean, social, referrals you’ve got the tools and the tenacity to build robust pipelines.</p>
</li>
<li data-start="2250" data-end="2399">
<p data-start="2252" data-end="2399"><strong data-start="2252" data-end="2274">Process ownership.</strong> You’ve run a full recruitment funnel before and know how to move quickly, juggle multiple roles, and keep hiring on track.</p>
</li>
<li data-start="2400" data-end="2513">
<p data-start="2402" data-end="2513"><strong data-start="2402" data-end="2435">Resilience and results-focused.</strong> You don’t just solve problems — you anticipate them and stay two steps ahead.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Bonus Points If You:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Speak English plus another European language (German, French, Portuguese, Dutch or Italian)</li>
<li>Come from a high-volume and/or agency background</li>
<li>Have experience hiring self-employed or commission-based sales reps</li>
</ul>
<p class="cui-body-o5xe cui-body-m-mwmz cui-body-regular-hd7o cui-body-normal-pvqj css-k4eprn"><strong class="cui-body-o5xe cui-body-m-mwmz cui-body-semibold-pt76 cui-body-normal-pvqj cui-body-highlight-kmah css-10dm8y evwnbdz2">Why you should join SumUp</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Opportunity to work with a truly global, multicultural team (we are 3000+ people from 93 countries, spread across 4 continents).</li>
<li>Learning &amp; development budget for attending conferences and external training.</li>
<li>Subsidize public transport ticket (50%), Health Insurance (50%) &nbsp;</li>
<li>An amazing team and work environment that works with passion and purpose to achieve incredible results.</li>
<li>We get together regularly for breakfasts, team events, office parties and sports.</li>
<li>You’ll be based in the heart of Barcelona!&nbsp;</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>Job Application Tip</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We recognise that candidates feel they need to meet 100% of the job criteria in order to apply for a job. Please note that this is only a guide. If you don’t tick every box, it’s ok too because it means you have room to learn and develop your career at SumUp.</span></p></div>