<p>We are looking to speak to candidates who are based in Bangalore for our hybrid working model.</p>
<h3>The Role</h3>
<p>We are looking for a Partner Programs Lead to join our Ecosystem Partner Program team. We are looking for individuals who have worked in a Partner Sales Driven Quota carrying role and have experience in managing large complex program initiatives. The Partner Programs Lead will help develop Partner Programs and GTM workstreams for Ecosystem Partners including AI Partners. This individual will be responsible to support the Regional Sales Leadership and Field Specialists, modernize the Partner Program Function, drive effective Pipeline Generation, improve co-sell execution, and launch new sales plays with the Ecosystem Partners..</p>
<h3>Role Overview</h3>
<p>The role comprises of 2 sets of responsibilities, the primary function being Program Initiative and secondly to support the Partner Development Activities</p>
<p>Additionally, this role requires strong experience working within the India market, with a deep understanding of regional partner ecosystem, GTM motions, and business dynamics.</p>
<table>
<tbody>
<tr>
<td>
<p><strong>Program Functions</strong></p>
</td>
<td>
<p><strong>Partner Development</strong></p>
</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>
<p>Build New Partner Programs and initiatives for the Partners</p>
</td>
<td>
<p>New Partner Onboarding: Orientation, Enablement, Certifications, GTM particularly Services and Value Added Resellers</p>
</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>
<p>Drive and execute the Program Initiatives with the MongoDB partners for a successful adoption</p>
</td>
<td>
<p>Pipeline Generation Focus: Building Partner Relations including Champions and Exec Sponsorships</p>
</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>
<p>Build New Assets, Collaterals, Pitch Decks for the Program</p>
</td>
<td>
<p>Support regional business requirements with quotes, Proof of Sales/Delivery, Agreements and Partner Letters</p>
</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>
<h3>Responsibilities</h3>
<h4>Program Functions:</h4>
<ul>
<li>Responsible for building New Program Initiatives for partners and revamp existing business processes to provide a better partner experience.</li>
<li>Collaborate with Cross-Functional teams to identify business requirements, develop plans, and execute on the project charter within the defined timelines&nbsp;</li>
<li>Run and execute the program to ensure that the program performs and exceeds expectations&nbsp;</li>
<li>Proactively identify the potential big rocks and communicate effectively to the leadership teams.</li>
<li>Evaluate, select, and implement a Partner Relationship Management (PRM) tool to streamline partner lifecycle management, improve visibility, and enhance operational efficiency across the partner ecosystem.</li>
</ul>
<h4>Partner Development Focus:</h4>
<ul>
<li>Work in close collaboration with Sales Teams and MongoDB Partner Specialists to identify the priority regional partners.</li>
<li>Focus on Solution Partner Development (Services and VAR Partners) via sales and technical enablement, GTM, Joint Account Mapping, Partner Newsletters and regular partner cadence.</li>
<li>Proactively prospect, identify, qualify and onboard new Partners who will open new markets for MongoDB.</li>
<li>Support the channel inquiries, issues, escalations and provide ecosystem program support to the partners</li>
<li>Leverage strong understanding of the India market to identify, develop, and scale strategic partners aligned with regional business priorities.</li>
</ul>
<h3>Candidates Profile:</h3>
<ol>
<li>Education:</li>
<ol>
<li>Preferably a Masters in Business Administration</li>
</ol>
<li>Experience:</li>
<ol>
<li>Extensive experience in Program Management and launching strategic initiatives aimed at transforming the Partner experience&nbsp;</li>
<li>Creative, dynamic and passionate about building new programs and drive them successfully in the field&nbsp;</li>
<li>Has successfully built and delivered large complex program initiatives&nbsp;</li>
<li>5+ years of Partner Lead sales role in a fast-paced and competitive market with a focus on new business particularly with Services and Value Added Resellers</li>
<li>Partner Management: Track record of building and nurturing exec-level relationships with business partners, a hands-on approach to developing new opportunities, technical acumen, and the ability to close business in a fast paced work environment.</li>
<li>Technically knowledgeable in enterprise software, cloud computing, familiarity with databases, DevOps, and open source technology.</li>
<li>Experience in CRM and Vendor Management Tools like Salesforce, Workspan, Graphite, Coupa, Conga etc.</li>
</ol>
<li>Skill Set:</li>
<ol>
<li>Partner Management</li>
<li>Project Management</li>
<li>Strategy and Execution</li>
<li>Business Development</li>
<li>Effective Communicator and Presenter</li>
<li>Team Player and Cross functional Collaborator</li>
<li>Highly Driven and Self Starter</li>
<li>Familiarity with Partner Relationship Management (PRM) tools and ecosystem platforms</li>
</ol>
</ol>
<h3>About MongoDB</h3>
<p>MongoDB is built for change, empowering our customers and our people to innovate at the speed of the market. We have redefined the database for the AI era, enabling innovators to create, transform, and disrupt industries with software. MongoDB’s unified database platform, the most widely available, globally distributed database on the market, helps organizations modernize legacy workloads, embrace innovation, and unleash AI. Our cloud-native platform, MongoDB Atlas, is the only globally distributed, multi-cloud database and is available across AWS, Google Cloud, and Microsoft Azure.</p>
<p>With offices worldwide and over 60,000 customers, including 75% of the Fortune 100 and AI-native startups, relying on MongoDB for their most important applications, we’re powering the next era of software.</p>
<p>Our compass at MongoDB is our <a href="https://www.mongodb.com/company">Leadership Commitment,</a> guiding how and why we make decisions, show up for each other, and win. It’s what makes us MongoDB.&nbsp;</p>
<p>To drive the personal growth and business impact of our employees, we’re committed to developing a supportive and enriching culture for everyone. <a href="https://www.mongodb.com/company/blog/culture/employee-benefits-that-make-a-difference-at-mongodb">From employee affinity groups, to fertility assistance and a generous parental leave policy</a>, we value our employees’ wellbeing and want to support them along every step of their professional and personal journeys.<a href="https://www.mongodb.com/blog/channel/culture"> Learn more about what it’s like to work at MongoDB</a>, and help us make an impact on the world!</p>
<p>MongoDB is committed to providing any necessary accommodations for individuals with disabilities within our application and interview process. To request an accommodation due to a disability, please inform your recruiter.</p>
<p>MongoDB is an equal opportunities employer.</p>
<table class="fields">
<tbody>
<tr>
<td>Requisition ID</td>
<td data-provides="requisition\_id">1273416560</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>
<p>&nbsp;</p>