<div class="content-intro"><p><strong><em>🚀 We’re on a mission to make money work for everyone.</em></strong></p>
<p>We’re waving goodbye to the complicated and confusing ways of traditional banking.</p>
<p>After starting as a prepaid card, our product offering has grown a lot in the last 10 years in the UK. As well as&nbsp;<a href="https://monzo.com/current-account/personal">personal</a> and <a href="https://monzo.com/business-banking">business</a> bank accounts, we offer <a href="https://monzo.com/current-account/joint-account">joint accounts</a>, <a href="https://monzo.com/current-account/16-17">accounts for 16-17 year olds</a>, a <a href="https://monzo.com/current-account/under-16s">free kids account</a> and <a href="https://monzo.com/flex">credit cards</a> in the UK, with more exciting things to come beyond. Our UK customers can also <a href="https://monzo.com/savings">save</a>, <a href="https://monzo.com/investments">invest </a>and&nbsp;<a href="https://monzo.com/pensions">combine their pensions</a> with us.&nbsp;</p>
<p>With our hot coral cards and get-paid-early feature, combined with financial education on social media and our award winning customer service, we have a long history of creating magical moments for our customers!</p>
<p>We’re not about selling products - we want to solve problems and change lives through Monzo ❤️</p>
<hr>
<p>&nbsp;</p></div><p>📍London/Cardiff/UK Remote | 💰£35,000 - £45,000 + Incentive Awards tied to your performance + <a href="https://monzo.com/careers/">Benefits</a>&nbsp; ✨<br><br></p>
<p><strong>Our Procurement team ⭐</strong></p>
<p>We’re looking for a Procurement Analyst to own and evolve procurement reporting and insight as Monzo continues to scale.</p>
<p>This role sits at the heart of the Procurement team, working across supplier, contract, and cost data. You’ll be responsible not just for producing reporting, but for treating procurement data and reporting as a product, designed, built and continuously improved to meet the needs of the business.</p>
<p>You’ll create clear, and reliable insights that helps stakeholders understand team performance, make better decisions, and manage cost effectively. This means moving beyond ad hoc reporting towards well designed self serve, and trusted data products that are actively used by the business.<br><br></p>
<p><strong>🔑You’ll play a key role by...</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Owning procurement reporting end to end across supplier spend, contracts, and lifecycle performance treating reporting as a product by designing, building and continuously improving dashboards and outputs that are actively used by stakeholders, and shaping how procurement performance is measured</li>
<li>Building scalable, reliable and increasingly automated reporting by improving data flows, connecting datasets across procurement and finance systems, and strengthening the foundations of how procurement data is structured and used</li>
<li>Delivering clear, decision-ready insight on cost, supplier performance and procurement activity, including explaining <em>why</em> changes are happening, translating business questions into structured analysis, and supporting stakeholders to take informed action</li>
<li>Partnering closely with Procurement, Finance Data and Cost teams to understand user needs, align on metrics and definitions, improve data quality and integrity, and ensure reporting reflects how the business operates</li>
<li>Proactively identifying gaps in reporting, metrics and processes, and taking ownership of improving them, balancing quick wins with longer term improvements to scalability, usability and impact, and helping evolve how procurement performance is understood&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>🤩 We’d love to hear from you if…</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>You have experience in analytics, finance, procurement, or a similar data-focused role, and understand how those datasets connect</li>
<li>You have hands on experience building dashboards in Looker, orchestration tools (or similar BI tools)</li>
<li>You have direct experience translating business requirements into dashboards and insights to help leaders run their teams and products effectively</li>
<li>You’re comfortable working with fragmented data from multiple systems and reconciling or combining datasets to answer business questions</li>
<li>You can turn data into insight, explaining what it means and recommending what should happen next</li>
<li>You proactively identify gaps in reporting or processes and take ownership of improving them at pace</li>
<li>You’re comfortable engaging senior stakeholders and managing upwards with clarity and confidence</li>
<li>Experience working with SQL-based data warehouses (e.g. BigQuery)</li>
<li>You like to move at pace, iterating for quick wins while continuing to drive long term progress</li>
</ul>
<p>Not ticking every box? That’s totally okay! Studies show that women and people of colour might hesitate to apply unless they meet every single requirement. At Monzo, we’re dedicated to creating a diverse and welcoming team. If you’re passionate about this role and keen to learn and grow with us, we encourage you to apply— even if you don’t have everything that's listed just yet. Drop us your application, we’d love to hear from you!</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>🙌 What’s in it for you</strong></p>
<p>💰 £35,000 - £45,000 ➕ Incentive Awards tied to your performance.</p>
<p>📍This role can be based in our London office, but we're open to distributed working within the UK (with ad hoc meetings in London)</p>
<p>⏰ We offer flexible working hours and trust you to work enough hours to do your job well, and at times that suit you and your team.&nbsp;</p>
<p>📚 £1,000 learning budget each year to use on books, training courses and conferences.</p>
<p>🏡 We will set you up to work from home; all employees are given Macbooks and for fully remote workers we will provide extra support for your work-from-home setup.&nbsp;</p>
<p>➕ Plus lots more! <a href="https://monzo.com/careers/">Read our full list of benefits</a>.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>🌈</strong><strong> The application journey has 3 key steps</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>30 min call recruiter call</li>
<li>30 min call with the hiring manager</li>
<li>2 hours of technical and behavioural interviews</li>
</ul>
<p>This process should take around 2-3 weeks - your schedule is really important to us, so we promise to be as flexible as possible!&nbsp;</p>
<p>We have some guidelines on using Artificial Intelligence (AI) to ace an application and interview at Monzo. <a href="https://monzo.com/blog/the-ultimate-guide-on-using-ai-to-ace-an-interview-at-monzo">You can read them here.</a></p>
<p>We’ll only close this role once we have enough applications for the next stage. Please submit your application as soon as possible to make sure you don’t miss out.&nbsp;</p>
<p>#LI-OS1 #LI-REMOTE<strong><br><br></strong></p><div class="content-conclusion"><hr>
<p><strong>Equal opportunities for everyone</strong></p>
<p>Diversity and inclusion are a priority for us and we’re making sure we have lots of support for all of our people to grow at Monzo. At Monzo, we’re embracing diversity by fostering an inclusive environment for all people to do the best work of their lives with us. This is integral to our mission of making money work for everyone. You can read more in our <a href="https://monzo.com/blog/diversity-and-inclusion">blog</a>, 2024 <a href="https://monzo.com/blog/our-2024-diversity-and-inclusion-report" target="\_blank">Diversity and Inclusion Report</a> and 2024 <a href="https://monzo.com/blog/an-update-on-our-gender-pay-gap-2024">Gender Pay Gap Report.</a></p>
<p>We’re an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be considered for employment without attention to age, ethnicity, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, family or parental status, national origin, or veteran, neurodiversity or disability status.</p>
<p>If you have a preferred name, please use it to apply. We don't need full or birth names at application stage 😊</p></div>