<div class="content-intro"><h2><strong>About Hightouch</strong></h2>
<p>Hightouch is the modern AI platform for marketing and growth teams. Our AI agents reimagine marketing workflows, allowing marketers to create content, plan campaigns, and execute strategies with transformational velocity and performance.</p>
<p>Hightouch is a rare company built on the intersection of two fundamental technological shifts: advances in LLMs and agentic AI, and the creation and rapid adoption of cloud data warehouses like Snowflake and Databricks. Building on these tailwinds, we’ve become a leader in AI marketing and partner with industry leaders like Domino’s, Chime, Spotify, Ramp, Whoop, Grammarly, and over 1000 others.</p>
<p>Our team focuses on making a meaningful impact for our customers. We approach challenges with first-principles thinking, move quickly and efficiently, and treat each other with compassion and kindness. We look for team members who are strong communicators, have a growth mindset, and are motivated and persistent in achieving our goals.</p></div><h2>About Hightouch</h2>
<p>Hightouch’s mission is to empower everyone to take action on their data. Hundreds of companies, including Autotrader, Calendly, Cars.com, Monday.com, and PetSmart, trust Hightouch to power their growth.</p>
<p>We pioneered the Composable Customer Data Platform (CDP), which lets companies use their own data warehouse to collect, prepare, and activate customer data for marketing personalization and business operations. Our new AI Decisioning platform goes a step further,&nbsp; allowing marketers to set goals and guardrails that AI agents can then use to personalize 1:1 customer interactions. Traditionally, only technical teams had the skills to access and use customer data. With Hightouch, every business user can deliver personalized customer experiences, optimize performance marketing, and move faster by leveraging data and AI across their organization.</p>
<p>Our team focuses on making a meaningful impact for our customers. We approach challenges with a first-principles mindset, move quickly and efficiently, and treat each other with compassion and kindness. We look for team members who are strong communicators, have a growth mindset, and are motivated and persistent in achieving our goals.&nbsp;</p>
<p>What else? We’re based in San Francisco but have team members all over the world. Our Series C put us at a $1.2B valuation, and we are backed by leading investors such as Sapphire Ventures, Amplify Partners, ICONIQ Growth, Bain Capital Ventures, Y-Combinator, and Afore Capital.</p>
<h2>About The Role</h2>
<p>Hightouch is looking for an <strong>Enterprise Account Executive</strong> located in the Southeast to join our fast-growing team. As a pivotal part of a small but dynamic sales organization, you will have the opportunity to shape the future of our product offering and contribute directly to our success. This is an exciting opportunity for a driven individual with significant enterprise sales experience, a passion for technology, and a talent for building meaningful relationships with clients.</p>
<p>We’re seeking a self-starter who thrives in a fast-paced environment, has a strong track record in sales, and is eager to take the next step in their career with a rapidly scaling startup. The ideal candidate will possess a blend of sales expertise, entrepreneurial spirit, and a commitment to continuous learning.</p>
<h2>What We're Looking For:</h2>
<ul>
<li>Experience building and managing a pipeline of high-value enterprise accounts.</li>
<li>Experience driving both outbound prospecting efforts and land-and-expand strategies to develop long-term client relationships.</li>
<li>Ability to conduct discovery calls, understand client needs, and deliver tailored solutions that drive measurable business outcomes.</li>
<li>Collaboration with cross-functional teams (Sales, Marketing, Product) to deliver a seamless customer experience.</li>
<li>Someone who consistently meet or exceed sales targets and KPIs, while maintaining a high level of professionalism and customer-centricity.</li>
<li><em>Excellent&nbsp;</em>verbal and written communication.</li>
<li>Ability to adapt to an ever-changing work environment and operate with a sense of urgency.</li>
</ul>
<h2>Bonus Points If You Have:</h2>
<ul>
<li>A deep understanding of the&nbsp;<strong>martech and/or data ecosystem</strong> and how businesses use these technologies to drive growth.</li>
</ul>
<p>The salary range for this position is $300,000 OTE (50/50 split) per year, which is location independent in accordance with our remote-first policy. We also offer meaningful equity compensation in the form of ISO options, and offer early exercise and a 10 year post-termination exercise window.</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>E-Verify Statement</strong></p>
<p><em>Hightouch participates in E-Verify. We will provide the Social Security Administration, and if necessary, the Department of Homeland Security, with information from each new employee’s Form I-9 to confirm work authorization. Please note that we do not use this information to pre-screen job applicants.<br></em><em><br></em><a href="https://www.rhoworld.com/wp-content/uploads/E-Verify\_Participation\_Poster-1.pdf"><em>E-Verify Notice</em><em><br></em></a><a href="https://www.rhoworld.com/wp-content/uploads/E-Verify\_Participation\_Poster\_ES-1.pdf"><em>E-Verify Notice (Spanish)</em><em><br></em></a><a href="https://www.rhoworld.com/wp-content/uploads/ier\_poster\_final.pdf"><em>Right to Work Notice</em><em><br></em></a><a href="https://www.rhoworld.com/wp-content/uploads/spanish\_ier\_poster\_final.pdf"><em>Right to Work Notice (Spanish)</em></a></p></div>