**About Agicap**

Created in Lyon in 2016 by three French entrepreneurs, Agicap is one of the fastest scale-ups in Europe, with over 8000 customers, 650 employees and fast revenue growth (7x between 2021 and 2024). Agicap is part of the French Tech 120, rewarding the most promising startups in France.

Agicap allows Finance teams of Mid-Market companies to efficiently manage and forecast their cash, pay their suppliers and get paid. By combining a Treasury Management System, and Accounts Payable and Accounts Receivable solutions into a single platform, Agicap aims at becoming the next leading Treasury Management platform for mid-market companies.

We have raised €145M since our creation, with prestigious VC funds including AVP, Greenoaks, Partech and BlackFin, with a last round in November 2024.

These additional resources further fuel our product innovation, allowing us to grow significantly and accelerate our international expansion across the world.

We believe our success comes from our highly passionate and dedicated teams, committed to building a company where people can grow and build their careers. We are constantly looking for great talents, aiming for excellence and ready to join our ambitious adventure!

[Home page](https://agicap.com/en/)

[Customer Stories](https://agicap.com/en/clients/)

[Our Values](https://career.agicap.com/article/working-at-agicap/)

In collaboration with the Marketing team, your mission will be to make AGICAP the best source of information for SME/Mid Market CEOs, CFOs, and finance teams in Europe, **particularly in Germany**, regarding cash management, liquidity planning, accounts payable, accounts receivable and overall treasury management.

We are seeking a **financial journalist profile**, or a **B2B SaaS content marketer with experience writing about corporate finance or economics.** We are looking for demonstrated expertise in creating high-quality, insightful content. **We need a hands-on expert, not someone managing freelance writers**. **This role requires concrete content creation skills**: the ideal candidate will be capable of independently crafting valuable, impactful assets that resonate with our target audience.

## Responsibilities

- **Independently produce high-quality content assets**, including ebooks, surveys, blog posts, in-person events, landing pages, social media posts, email sequences, and other formats that support awareness, engagement, and conversion.
- **Adapt and localize our global content for the German market** (website, campaigns, assets), ensuring relevance and impact.
- **Source, prepare and help shoot** new testimonials with our German customers, highlighting with numbers how Agicap improved their finance operations and improved their net income and/or reduced their WCR.
- **Manage the process of updating, enriching, and amplifying existing content libraries for our German content** (ebooks, surveys, testimonials, etc.).
- **Research industry trends, customer needs, and competitor activities** to identify opportunities for content reuse and improvement.
- **Measure and analyze content performance** to ensure that all content assets contribute measurably to business goals, including lead generation, pipeline growth, and sales conversion support.
- **Stay up-to-date on best practices and innovations in content marketing**.

## Requirements

- Bachelor's degree in Marketing, Communications, Journalism, or a related field.
- More than 5 years of experience.
- Proven experience as a **financial journalist, corporate finance/economics writer, or B2B SaaS content marketer** with a strong portfolio of authored content.
- Strong interest in corporate finance and a desire to deepen your knowledge in this field. Knowledge of German corporate finance and accounting specificities is a plus.
- Familiarity with SEO principles.
- Strong project management skills; able to handle multiple priorities and meet deadlines in a fast-paced environment.
- Strategic thinker who can see the full funnel and ensure content serves multiple stages of the buyer journey.
- Collaborative team player with excellent communication skills, comfortable working across geographies and departments.
- Fluency in German and English. French is a plus.
- Familiarity with tools such as Contentful, Asana, Hubspot, Looker, Figma, Slack is a plus.

**Our benefits:**

**- Competitive Compensation:** Attractive package including both fixed and variable components.

**- Prime Office Location:** Work from a large, modern office at Moritzplatz (Berlin) featuring a large terrace, snacks, and drinks.

**- Professional Development:** Access a “Mini-MBA” with a focus on Finance & Treasury via the Agicap Academy.

**- Global Collaboration:** Join a diverse international team with regular events in Berlin and occasional trips to our headquarters in France.

**- Meal & Grocery Allowance:** Receive up to **€108/month tax-free** for lunch or groceries, easily managed via the Hrmony app.

**- Tenure Rewards:** Enjoy a **€30 monthly shopping voucher** after one year and up to **two additional vacation days** based on your length of service.

**- Team Culture:** Be part of a dynamic environment with global offsites (like our recent annual seminar in Chamonix-Mont-Blanc) and local team events.

AGICAP is committed to providing equal opportunities for everyone, and we foster an inclusive work environment that values diversity!