We are looking for an experienced Senior Editor for Norway & Finland, to join Spotify’s Music Editorial team based in Stockholm. In this role you will be a part of the Music team in the Nordics, reporting into the regional Head of Editorial.   
  
You will contribute your expertise to various music-related projects within the company, including playlist curation, creative editorial work, and cross-functional collaboration with different teams in the region and beyond. You will provide deep cultural and musical insights to create highly engaging and cohesive music experiences for listeners in Norway and Finland, shaping how listeners in these markets experience music on Spotify across playlists, programming, and emerging editorial formats. Additionally, you will drive artist discovery through an extensive editorial ecosystem of playlists and tools, critically assessing music trends and user behaviour to identify opportunities and emerging trends.

You will demonstrate a team player spirit, a passion for performance-oriented analytics, and a solid understanding of Spotify’s role in the music industry both locally and globally. Additionally, you will have an editorial personality that thrives in engaging audiences through emerging, creative Editorial formats, bringing music to life in innovative ways.

As a music editor, you will be encouraged to make data-informed decisions while also contributing creative and cultural expertise. Above all, your work will impact the way the world experiences music!

## What You’ll Do

- Identify emerging music trends, scenes, and culturally relevant moments, ensuring Spotify’s local programming is timely, authoritative, and impactful.
- Curate cohesive, engaging music experiences for Norway & Finland with compelling descriptions and commentary that resonate with audiences.
- Analyze user behavior and performance data to optimize playlist engagement and make informed editorial decisions.
- Collaborate with global and regional editorial teams on programming initiatives and strategies to enhance Spotify’s market position.
- Contribute creative editorial ideas and formats that bring playlists and music stories to life, occasionally participating in written, video or audio content.
- Partner with Artist & Label Partnerships, Marketing, Comms, Product, and other teams to align editorial priorities with broader initiatives.
- Support artist discovery and help grow fanbases for artists in Norway & Finland through editorial projects and internal workflows.

## Who You Are

- You have 4+ years of experience in the music industry, journalism, or programming/curating music across digital, radio, TV, or similar platforms
- You live and breathe music, with deep knowledge of Nordic music and culture, especially Norway and Finland
- You have broad genre expertise—from Hip-Hop to Pop, Indie to Dance or Rock—and can curate across moods, moments, and audiences
- You are comfortable using data and analytics to inform decisions and improve performance
- You bring strong cultural awareness and can evaluate trends, emerging movements, and audience behavior beyond just the data
- You are familiar with Google Suite and comfortable using basic design tools to create visual assets such as playlist covers when needed
- You are a strong communicator who can connect with audiences through written, video, or audio formats
- You are organized, detail-oriented, adaptable, and bring a collaborative, positive approach to teamwork

## Where You’ll Be

- You’ll be based in our Stockholm office.
- We offer you the flexibility to work where you work best! There will be some in person meetings, but still allows for flexibility to work from home.

Spotify is an equal opportunity employer. You are welcome at Spotify for who you are, no matter where you come from, what you look like, or what’s playing in your headphones. Our platform is for everyone, and so is our workplace. The more voices we have represented and amplified in our business, the more we will all thrive, contribute, and be forward-thinking! So bring us your personal experience, your perspectives, and your background. It’s in our differences that we will find the power to keep revolutionizing the way the world listens.

At Spotify, we are passionate about inclusivity and making sure our entire recruitment process is accessible to everyone. We have ways to request reasonable accommodations during the interview process and help assist in what you need. If you need accommodations at any stage of the application or interview process, please let us know - we’re here to support you in any way we can.

Spotify transformed music listening forever when we launched in 2008. Our mission is to unlock the potential of human creativity by giving a million creative artists the opportunity to live off their art and billions of fans the chance to enjoy and be passionate about these creators. Everything we do is driven by our love for music and podcasting. Today, we are the world’s most popular audio streaming subscription service.