<p>Work with HelloFresh in Warsaw and its HelloTech organisation, HelloFresh’s global technology backbone with more than 1000 people, building the digital products that power our end-to-end food experience. From meal kits and ready-to-eat meals to specialty offerings like pet food and premium meat &amp; seafood, HelloTech creates the platforms that bring tailored food solutions to millions of customers every month.</p>
<p>Our subscription-based, direct-to-consumer model relies on technology at every step, from customer-facing apps and personalization logic to pricing, forecasting, supply chain optimization, and initiatives that help reduce food waste. While our brands operate independently to serve distinct customer needs, they are united by shared platforms, data, and operational excellence built by HelloTech.</p>
<p>HelloTech works in autonomous, cross-functional alliances, each owning a specific product or domain end to end. By working with our Warsaw office, you will help shape scalable, data-driven products used across our markets, working with a modern tech stack and international teams to continuously improve how people discover, order, and enjoy HelloFresh’s products, today and in the future.</p>
<p>—</p>
<h2><strong>About the role: What's in the Box</strong></h2>
<p>The Payments Offering team is the critical pillar of our payment infrastructure at HelloFresh. We are responsible for designing, building, and maintaining the core payment systems that power every transaction across the organization. We own several critical backend services for the Payments Tribe within the Growth Alliance, and our team plays a crucial role in ensuring the scalability, reliability, and security of our end-to-end payment ecosystem.</p>
<p>The primary responsibility of a Mid-Level Backend Engineer in the Payments Offering squad is to develop and maintain core backend services responsible for integrating various Payment methods which provide convenience for customers to pay using desired payment methods and successfully able to process their payment. This role also involves close collaboration with engineers from many other teams across the organization to provide seamless, secure payment processing for both existing and new customers across all HelloFresh markets globally.</p>
<p>At HelloTech, flexibility and cross-functional collaboration are core to how we work. While this role is aligned to a specific Alliance, strong candidates may also be considered for opportunities across different teams or projects.</p>
<h2><strong>What you’ll do: The Recipe</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Contribute to the design, development, deployment, and operations of payment systems and integrations, applying DevOps practices, pair programming, and modern engineering methodologies</li>
<li>Actively participate as a collaborative member within autonomous, cross-functional agile teams, working closely with product owners, frontend engineers, and mobile developers to deliver reliable payment solutions.</li>
<li>Develop a solid understanding of HelloFresh's payment infrastructure and architecture, supporting teammates through code reviews, knowledge sharing, and contributing to technical documentation.</li>
<li>Work with modern technologies such as AWS Cloud, Go/Kotlin, Kafka, Kubernetes, PostgreSQL, and observability tools to build scalable and secure payment systems that serve millions of customers globally.</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>What you’ll bring: The Ingredients</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Solid backend development skills in a microservices architecture, with proficiency in one of the following languages: Golang, Java, or Kotlin.</li>
<li>Working knowledge of containerization and orchestration tools, particularly Docker and Kubernetes, and an understanding of CI/CD principles, with exposure to modern deployment pipelines.</li>
<li>Familiarity with software design and testing methodologies such as TDD, BDD, and distributed system patterns, with eagerness to deepen your expertise.</li>
<li>Experience across the development lifecycle—from writing unit and integration tests to deploying and monitoring distributed applications in production environments.</li>
<li>Proficiency in working with relational databases and experience with event-driven systems such as Kafka or RabbitMQ.</li>
<li>Prior experience in the Payments domain and working with PSPs &amp; Payment methods would be a plus</li>
</ul>
<p>Above all, we are looking for individuals who will <strong>make HelloFresh better.</strong> We believe there are many different ways of developing skills and we love diverse experiences! So even if you don’t “tick all the boxes” but think you’d thrive in this role, we would really like to learn more about you.</p>
<h2><strong>What we offer: The Toppings</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li><strong>Global collaboration at scale:</strong> Collaborate with experienced engineers and product partners across HelloTech’s international teams, in a culture of active knowledge sharing.</li>
<li><strong>Technology with real-world impact:</strong> Build and operate modern systems at global scale, supporting 6+ millions of customers and complex supply chain operations.</li>
<li><strong>Technical/Product/Design leadership:</strong> Drive best practices and influence architecture/design, quality, and ways of working in an autonomous, product-led setup.</li>
<li><strong>End-to-end development/delivery:</strong> Drive decisions from problem definition to production, improving systems and enabling long-term scalability.</li>
<li><strong>Access to workspace at Warsaw Centre Point.</strong> The hub offers modern facilities including showers, breakout zones, outdoor space, cycle parking, and refreshments (coffee, soft drinks, and fruit).</li>
</ul>
<p>Are you the missing ingredient? If this sounds like a tasty opportunity, we’d be excited to hear from you.&nbsp; We aim to review your profile and respond within 5 business days.</p>
<p>#Engineering</p>