<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>Essential Anesthesia Management is looking for a CRNA to join our team at Moore County Hospital in Dumas, Texas.</p>
<p><strong><u>Position Highlights:</u></strong></p>
<ul>
<li>$270,000 for 26 weeks of coverage</li>
<li>$20k Sign-On Bonus</li>
<li>Housing provided!</li>
<li>Malpractice insurance + tail coverage&nbsp;</li>
<li>3 CRNAs on-site daily</li>
<li>CRNA would be on-call days worked.</li>
<li>This facility averages 90 OR cases and 26 OB cases per month.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong><u>Qualifications:</u></strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Board-certified or eligible</li>
</ul>
<p><strong><u>What We Offer:</u></strong></p>
<ul>
<li>$270,000 1099 for 26 weeks of coverage&nbsp;</li>
<li>Ability to work autonomously&nbsp;</li>
<li>Financial coaching</li>
<li>Access to group benefits through preferred partnerships</li>
<li>Paid Malpractice + tail</li>
<li>Support from our Corporate Clinical Leaders</li>
</ul>
<p><strong><u>About Dumas, TX:</u></strong></p>
<ul>
<li><strong>Affordable Living:</strong> Dumas, TX, offers a cost of living significantly lower than the national average, making it an affordable place to settle down and thrive.</li>
<li><strong>Friendly Community:</strong> The town boasts a warm, welcoming community with a strong sense of small-town charm and camaraderie.</li>
<li><strong>Outdoor Fun &amp; Adventure:</strong> With close proximity to Lake Meredith and beautiful plains, outdoor enthusiasts can enjoy fishing, hiking, and more right at their doorstep.</li>
</ul>
<p>If you're considering this role or would like more information, please apply below or reach out to our talent acquisition team&nbsp;<a href="mailto:ejones@essentialamg.com">ejones@essentialamg.com</a> .<strong><u> </u></strong></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong><u>About Us:</u></strong></p>
<p>Essential Anesthesia Management, a partnership between YPS and EmergencHealth, is a clinician-founded, clinician-led anesthesia management company striving to deliver the highest quality anesthesia care to both patients and hospitals alike. Over the past several years, we have experienced significant growth, providing turn-key department management at over 125 facilities in 6 states. Over 1400 CRNA and Anesthesiologist providers make up the Essential Team. We are continually seeking additional service-minded professionals to join our team and pride ourselves on hiring the best and brightest. <strong>We want to hire exceptional people.</strong> If you want to be part of a great anesthesia team that really understands the day-to-day demands in the OR, please give us a call at 469.860.8793.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><em><span class="TextRun SCXW234030319 BCX8" lang="EN-US" data-contrast="auto"><span class="NormalTextRun SCXW234030319 BCX8">Essential Anesthesia Management</span><span class="NormalTextRun SCXW234030319 BCX8"> is committed to equal opportunity for all, without regard to race, religion, color, national origin, citizenship, sex, age, veteran status, disability, genetic information, or any other protected characteristic</span><span class="NormalTextRun SCXW234030319 BCX8">.&nbsp; </span><span class="NormalTextRun SCXW234030319 BCX8">Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the assigned and essential functions.</span></span><span class="EOP SCXW234030319 BCX8" data-ccp-props="{&quot;201341983&quot;:0,&quot;335559739&quot;:160,&quot;335559740&quot;:240}">&nbsp;</span></em></p></div>