<div class="content-intro"><p><strong data-stringify-type="bold">Why work at Nebius<br></strong>Nebius is leading a new era in cloud computing to serve the global AI economy. We create the tools and resources our customers need to solve real-world challenges and transform industries, without massive infrastructure costs or the need to build large in-house AI/ML teams. Our employees work at the cutting edge of AI cloud infrastructure alongside some of the most experienced and innovative leaders and engineers in the field.</p>
<p><strong>Where we work<br></strong>Headquartered in Amsterdam and listed on Nasdaq, Nebius has a global footprint with R&amp;D hubs across Europe, North America, and Israel. The team of over 1400 employees includes more than 400 highly skilled engineers with deep expertise across hardware and software engineering, as well as an in-house AI R&amp;D team.</p></div><p data-start="188" data-end="539">Nebius is looking for a<span class="Apple-converted-space"> <strong>Senior </strong></span><strong data-start="212" data-end="256">Technical Recruiter&nbsp;</strong>to strengthen our Talent Acquisition team and help us attract top technical talent. In this role, your primary focus will be on active sourcing and building strong pipelines of <strong>backend engineers, system engineers, and technology experts</strong> to support the company’s continuous growth.</p>
<p data-start="188" data-end="539"><strong>Remote working, Based in the UK (London) OR Netherlands, working Hybrid from Amsterdam.</strong></p>
<p data-start="541" data-end="582"><strong data-start="541" data-end="580">Your responsibilities will include:</strong></p>
<ul data-start="583" data-end="1759">
<li data-start="583" data-end="826">
<p data-start="585" data-end="826"><strong data-start="585" data-end="615">Technical Talent Sourcing:</strong><span class="Apple-converted-space">&nbsp;</span>Proactively identify and engage engineers and other tech specialists through diverse channels (LinkedIn, GitHub, Boolean Search, professional communities, conferences, forums, networking, employee referrals).</p>
</li>
<li data-start="827" data-end="1075">
<p data-start="829" data-end="1075"><strong data-start="829" data-end="854">Pipeline Development:</strong><span class="Apple-converted-space">&nbsp;</span>Build, maintain, and continuously refresh a pool of qualified engineers and developers for current and future hiring needs; provide funnel statistics to Hiring Managers (e.g., number of applicants, time to hire, etc.).</p>
</li>
<li data-start="1076" data-end="1274">
<p data-start="1078" data-end="1274"><strong data-start="1078" data-end="1103">Candidate Engagement:</strong><span class="Apple-converted-space">&nbsp;</span>Craft personalized outreach and communication to spark interest and showcase opportunities at Nebius. Engage in pre-onboarding activities and contribute to HR projects.</p>
</li>
<li data-start="1275" data-end="1406">
<p data-start="1277" data-end="1406"><strong data-start="1277" data-end="1291">Screening:</strong><span class="Apple-converted-space">&nbsp;</span>Conduct resume reviews and initial calls to assess candidates’ technical background, experience, and motivation.</p>
</li>
<li data-start="1407" data-end="1564">
<p data-start="1409" data-end="1564"><strong data-start="1409" data-end="1448">Collaboration with Hiring Managers:</strong><span class="Apple-converted-space">&nbsp;</span>Partner with engineering leaders to deeply understand role requirements and design effective sourcing strategies.</p>
</li>
<li data-start="1565" data-end="1759">
<p data-start="1567" data-end="1759"><strong data-start="1567" data-end="1598">Market Research &amp; Insights:</strong><span class="Apple-converted-space">&nbsp;</span>Stay on top of industry trends, tech community activity, and competitor hiring practices. Identify the best companies to target for top-tier technical talent.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p data-start="1761" data-end="1789"><strong data-start="1761" data-end="1787">We expect you to have:</strong></p>
<ul data-start="1790" data-end="2535">
<li data-start="1790" data-end="1922">
<p data-start="1792" data-end="1922">4+ years of experience in technical recruitment, specializing in <strong>Backend/General Tech such as (but not limited too): Software Engineers, Python Engineers, Platform Engineers, Cloud Platform Engineer, Site Reliability and Infrastructure Engineers, DevOps, Systems Engineers and Data Platform Engineers.</strong></p>
</li>
<li data-start="1923" data-end="2020">
<p data-start="1925" data-end="2020">Strong sourcing expertise and familiarity with tech talent pools, platforms, and communities.</p>
</li>
<li data-start="2021" data-end="2190">
<p data-start="2023" data-end="2190">Deep understanding of tech subject areas, developers’ roles, technologies, and motivations, plus insight into which companies are the best sources of top candidates.</p>
</li>
<li data-start="2191" data-end="2270">
<p data-start="2193" data-end="2270">Ability to manage multiple priorities and work in a fast-paced environment.</p>
</li>
<li data-start="2271" data-end="2382">
<p data-start="2273" data-end="2382">Excellent follow-through, organizational, presentation, and communication skills (both written and verbal).</p>
</li>
<li data-start="2383" data-end="2453">
<p data-start="2385" data-end="2453">Creative problem-solving skills with the ability to adapt quickly.</p>
</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>What we offer</strong>&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>Competitive salary and comprehensive benefits package.</li>
<li>Opportunities for professional growth within Nebius.</li>
<li>Flexible working arrangements.</li>
<li>A dynamic and collaborative work environment that values initiative and innovation.</li>
</ul>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">We’re growing and expanding our products every day. If you’re up to the challenge and are excited about AI and ML as much as we are, join us!</span></p></div>