<div class="content-intro"><p>From Fivetran’s founding until now, our mission has remained the same: to make access to data as simple and reliable as electricity. With Fivetran, customer data arrives in their warehouses, canonical and ready to query, with no engineering or maintenance required. We’re proud that more organizations continue to leverage our technology every day to become truly data-driven.</p></div><p><span style="font-size: 10pt;"><strong>Job Description</strong></span></p>
<p><span style="font-size: 10pt;">Fivetran is building data pipelines to power the modern data stack for thousands of companies.</span><br><span style="font-size: 10pt;">We’re looking for a Senior Software Engineer to join our core team and perform a healthy mix of design and implementation tasks to advance the technical foundation behind the Fivetran product offering.</span><br><span style="font-size: 10pt;">This team is tasked with evolving a high performance extract-load-trans form data integration system that enables our engineering teams to correctly implement hundreds of data connectors with minimal maintenance effort. The role will challenge you to reason about relational semantics, powerful abstractions, data representation, and software performance. You don’t need to be a subject matter expert before you join us (you will be one before you leave!), but you will need to have experience working carefully with a high impact software team — especially in environments where the best option may not be obvious, your decisions have cascading implications, and where you sometimes need to measure twice before you cut once. A successful candidate will be humble enough to collect diverse input and build consensus, will be experienced and confident enough to be decisive when it’s needed, and will be practical enough to build and iterate on the system while it’s in production. We are also looking for expertise and productivity with both modern and legacy software development environments.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-size: 10pt;">This is a full-time position based out of our Novi Sad office. Our hybrid work model offers a blend of remote flexibility and in-person collaboration, including two days in the office each week to connect and build as a team.</span></p>
<p><br><span style="font-size: 10pt;"><strong>Technologies You’ll Use</strong></span></p>
<ul>
<li><span style="font-size: 10pt;">C (our main language), Python (used in testing), relational databases (Postgres, Oracle, SQL Server), make </span><span style="font-size: 10pt;">GitHub Copilot, Claude Code, Jenkins, GCP , Azure, AWS</span><br><span style="font-size: 10pt;">macOS/Linux/Unix/Windows, git</span></li>
</ul>
<p><span style="font-size: 10pt;"><strong>What You’ll Do</strong></span></p>
<ul>
<li><span style="font-size: 10pt;">Learn deeply about Fivetran in order to focus development on practical and relevant system improvements</span></li>
<li><span style="font-size: 10pt;">Contribute to the development and planning of our roadmap</span></li>
<li><span style="font-size: 10pt;">Collaborate with a small but mighty core team, and with a broader set of stakeholders</span></li>
<li><span style="font-size: 10pt;">Work across the project lifecycle: requirements, design, prototype, implementation, review, release, monitoring</span></li>
<li><span style="font-size: 10pt;">Review and approve pull requests</span></li>
<li><span style="font-size: 10pt;">Care and feel ownership of our product, and leverage your skills towards improving it</span></li>
</ul>
<p><span style="font-size: 10pt;"><strong>Skills We’re Looking For</strong></span></p>
<ul>
<li><span style="font-size: 10pt;">You are execution-oriented, and understand the need to target your “innovation budget” for the greatest impact: you find the middle ground between “perfect, but takes forever to code” and “fixes it now, but nobody will ever be able to understand what I did”</span></li>
<li><span style="font-size: 10pt;">You know how to design and code systems and software that is effective, intuitive, easy-to-operate, and elegantly simple</span></li>
<li><span style="font-size: 10pt;">You have worked with the relevant tooling and techniques: cloud services, network protocols, serialization, relational databases, etc.</span></li>
<li><span style="font-size: 10pt;">You have knowledge of complex structures, object orientation, exceptions, memory management techniques.</span></li>
</ul>
<p><span style="font-size: 10pt;"><strong>Bonus Skills​</strong></span></p>
<ul>
<li><span style="font-size: 10pt;">Experience with data replication, ETL/ELT tools, cloud and software defined infrastructure tools (for instance AWS Cloud Formation, Kubernetes, Docker), API technologies and analytics is definitely a plus</span></li>
<li><span style="font-size: 10pt;">Knowledge of DBMS internals is a strong plus</span></li>
<li><span style="font-size: 10pt;">Familiarity with low level concepts, such as encoding and the internals of network communication, is a strong plus</span></li>
<li><span style="font-size: 10pt;">Familiarity with system level programming (such as process and memory management and inter-process communication) is a plus</span></li>
</ul>
<p><span style="font-size: 10pt;">#LI-NR1</span><br><span style="font-size: 10pt;">#LI-HYBRID</span></p><div class="content-conclusion"><p>&nbsp;</p>
<p class="p-rich\_text\_section" style="line-height: 1.3;"><strong data-stringify-type="bold">Perks and Benefits</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>100% employer-paid medical insurance<strong>\*</strong></li>
<li>Generous paid time-off policy (PTO), plus paid sick time, inclusive parental leave policy, holidays, and volunteer days off</li>
<li>RSU stock grants\*</li>
<li>Professional development and training opportunities</li>
<li>Company virtual happy hours, free food, and fun team-building activities</li>
<li>Monthly cell phone stipend</li>
<li>Access to an innovative mental health support platform that offers personalized care and resources in areas such as: therapy, coaching, and self-guided mindfulness exercises for all covered employees and their covered dependents.</li>
</ul>
<p style="line-height: 1.3;"><em><strong>\*</strong>May vary by country and worker type - please reach out to your recruiter for more information</em></p>
<p style="line-height: 1.3;"><em>Click <a href="https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1CdawUwjo1Q1B7ghZJ\_owdmmHB8VtqhBu?usp=sharing" target="\_blank">here</a> to learn more about Fivetran's Benefits by Region.</em></p>
<hr>
<p style="line-height: 1.3;">We’re honored to be <a class="c-link" href="https://fivetran.com/blog/hvr-acquisition-series-d" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://fivetran.com/blog/hvr-acquisition-series-d" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">valued at over $5.6 billion</a>, but more importantly, we’re proud of our&nbsp;<a class="c-link" href="https://fivetran.com/culture" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://fivetran.com/culture" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">core values of Get Stuck In, Do the Right Thing, and One Team, One Dream</a>. Read about us in&nbsp;<a class="c-link" href="https://fivetran-com.s3.amazonaws.com/news/forbes-aug-sept-2022-digital-reprint-10-21-22.pdf" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://fivetran-com.s3.amazonaws.com/news/forbes-aug-sept-2022-digital-reprint-10-21-22.pdf" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">Forbes</a>.&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;</p>
<p style="line-height: 1.3;">Fivetran brings together high-quality talent across the globe to make data access as easy and reliable as electricity for our customers. We value and recognize that our customers benefit from having innovative teams made of people from many backgrounds, experiences, and identities. Fivetran promotes diversity, equity, inclusion &amp; belonging through attracting, recruiting, developing, and retaining a diverse workforce, not only because it is the right thing to do, but because it helps us build a world-class company to better serve our customers, our people and our communities.</p>
<p style="line-height: 1.3;">To learn more about Fivetran’s culture and what it’s like to be part of the team, <a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xlhtp4dGh8o" target="\_blank">click here</a> and enjoy our video.</p>
<p style="line-height: 1.3;">To learn more about our candidate privacy policy, you can <a href="https://fivetran.com/candidate-privacy" target="\_blank">read our statement here</a>.</p>
<hr>
<p style="line-height: 1.3;"><em>We are committed to ensuring that all candidates have an equal opportunity to participate in our interview process. If you require accommodations at any stage of the process due to a disability, medical condition, or any other circumstance, please don't hesitate to submit your request by filling out this <a href="https://forms.gle/V7k3t4u9j523XkEt6">form</a>. We will work with you to provide reasonable accommodations to facilitate your participation and ensure a fair and accessible interview experience. Your request and any information provided will be kept confidential and will not impact your candidacy. We look forward to hearing from you and accommodating your needs to the best of our ability.</em></p></div>