<p>We are seeking an Engineering Lead to join our growing Gurugram Product &amp; Technology team to provide technical direction, direct architecture, and implement core parts of a new platform we are building to make it easier for customers to build AI applications using MongoDB.&nbsp;</p>
<p>As an Engineering Lead on this new team, you will be responsible for leading and growing an engineering team, taking on challenging, high-visibility projects that improve and enhance the performance, scalability, and reliability of the distributed systems infrastructure for this new product. MongoDB engineering teams pride themselves on building high-quality software and living MongoDB cultural values every day – we value intellectual curiosity and honesty, and building together in an environment that prioritizes collaboration over competition.</p>
<p>We are looking to speak to candidates who are based in Gurugram for our hybrid working model.</p>
<h3>Position Expectations</h3>
<ul>
<li>Provide technical leadership and mentorship to a team of engineers, fostering a culture of innovation, quality, and continuous improvement.</li>
<li>Drive the architectural vision for the platform, ensuring it runs equally well on public clouds, private cloud environments and on-premise.</li>
<li>Work with product managers, program managers, design &amp; analytics teams and other teams to define, prioritize and deliver new features that delight our users and drive platform improvements</li>
<li>Take responsibility for the planning and execution of major features, raise delivery risks</li>
<li>Own the monitoring, operations, and maintenance of the systems your team develops</li>
<li>Enable the team to operate efficiently by removing technical obstacles, coordinating with other teams on dependencies, and prioritizing the team's overall well-being</li>
<li>Contribute to planning for organizational growth, including allocation of engineering resources, participate in hiring and assignment of projects</li>
</ul>
<h3>Qualifications</h3>
<ul>
<li>8+ years of experience of building distributed systems, and/or foundational cloud services at scale and experience in languages like Python, Golang, Java or Rust.&nbsp;</li>
<li>2+ years of experience managing a team of 3+ engineers and providing technical leadership</li>
<li>Track record in hiring, mentoring, and growing high-performing software engineering teams, experience working with remote teams and a passion for mentoring and career development of the team</li>
<li>Excellent verbal and written technical communication skills and desire to collaborate with colleagues, other teams, and lead projects</li>
<li>Strong background in building core components for high-scale compute or data processing / distributed systems</li>
<li>Have led the launch of new features and maintained them in production</li>
<li>Bonus points for experience with containerization and orchestration platforms (e.g. Kubernetes) and AI frameworks and tools</li>
<li>Be a force multiplier in our software development process. Enable teams to deliver great products through leadership and technical contributions</li>
<li>Eager to learn, with a strong technical background</li>
</ul>
<h3>Success Measures</h3>
<ul>
<li>In the first month, you’ll have understood the surface area, the high level architecture of the new platform. You’ll have initiated one-on-one’s with your team members.</li>
<li>In three months, you’ll have on-boarded onto the team and contributed to the design and development of a core platform capability</li>
<li>In six months, you will have taken on full responsibility for projects slated for the subsequent quarter. You’ll have started growth conversations with your team members and begun to understand their longer-term career aspirations</li>
<li>In twelve months, you’ll have led the development of multiple new features and performed a full annual cycle of performance and growth conversations with your team members. Additionally, you’ll have contributed to the vision for the future of the platform and helped develop a plan to achieve that vision</li>
</ul>
<h3>About MongoDB</h3>
<p>MongoDB is built for change, empowering our customers and our people to innovate at the speed of the market. We have redefined the database for the AI era, enabling innovators to create, transform, and disrupt industries with software. MongoDB’s unified database platform—the most widely available, globally distributed database on the market—helps organizations modernize legacy workloads, embrace innovation, and unleash AI. Our cloud-native platform, MongoDB Atlas, is the only globally distributed, multi-cloud database and is available across AWS, Google Cloud, and Microsoft Azure.</p>
<p>With offices worldwide and nearly 60,000 customers—including 75% of the Fortune 100 and AI-native startups—relying on MongoDB for their most important applications, we’re powering the next era of software.</p>
<p>Our compass at MongoDB is our <a href="https://www.mongodb.com/company">Leadership Commitment,</a> guiding how and why we make decisions, show up for each other, and win. It’s what makes us MongoDB.&nbsp;</p>
<p>To drive the personal growth and business impact of our employees, we’re committed to developing a supportive and enriching culture for everyone. <a href="https://www.mongodb.com/company/blog/culture/employee-benefits-that-make-a-difference-at-mongodb">From employee affinity groups, to fertility assistance and a generous parental leave policy</a>, we value our employees’ wellbeing and want to support them along every step of their professional and personal journeys.<a href="https://www.mongodb.com/blog/channel/culture"> Learn more about what it’s like to work at MongoDB</a>, and help us make an impact on the world!</p>
<p>MongoDB is committed to providing any necessary accommodations for individuals with disabilities within our application and interview process. To request an accommodation due to a disability, please inform your recruiter.</p>
<p>MongoDB is an equal opportunities employer.</p>
<table class="fields">
<tbody>
<tr>
<td>Requisition ID</td>
<td data-provides="requisition\_id">426105</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>