<p>As an Associate Recruiter on our Talent Discovery team, you will have the unique opportunity to become a hiring subject matter expert across all areas of our business, recruiting for technical to non-technical roles alike. Pivoting to support critical positions as they arise across the company, Associate Recruiters will focus on both passive talent sourcing as well as full-lifecycle recruiting. In this role, you will be expected to quickly upskill in new role profiles while maintaining a constant focus on cultivating a robust pipeline of aligned talent as an expert in numerous impactful sourcing tactics. This opportunity is ideal for individuals who embrace change, thrive in a dynamic, ever-evolving environment, and are excited to advance their career in technical recruiting.&nbsp;<br><br>This is a hybrid role with a flexible work model, based out of Dublin, Ireland.</p>
<h3>In this role, you will</h3>
<ul>
<li>Support critical MongoDB roles through strategic passive talent sourcing, quickly pivoting to support new areas of MongoDB’s business as hiring needs arise.</li>
<li>Provide full lifecycle recruitment support for a variety of positions across the company, ranging from highly niche technical roles to non-technical functions.</li>
<li>Work closely with hiring managers to understand business needs and deliver qualified talent accordingly, becoming an expert in the external market and a consultative talent advisor for business stakeholders.</li>
<li>Partner with coordinators, hiring managers and interviewers to deliver an exceptional candidate experience, maintaining a high-touch and personalized process for all candidates.</li>
<li>Support an equitable and inclusive hiring process for all candidates by educating stakeholders on hiring best practices and unconscious bias in decision-making.</li>
<li>Conduct talent mapping, competitive intelligence research, and focused pipelining to support ever-changing business needs.</li>
<li>Help build and evolve our long-term candidate engagement strategies at MongoDB, maintaining ongoing contact with a broad talent community of prospects for consideration for future rules.</li>
</ul>
<h3>The right person for this role will</h3>
<ul>
<li>Have a passion and excitement for building a career in technical recruiting;&nbsp; expertise in passive candidate sourcing for either technical or sales-focused roles is preferred but not required. Previous experience in a technology-focused organization is a plus.</li>
<li>Showcase a strong knowledge of robust sourcing tactics and best practices to identify a broad top-of-funnel pipeline.</li>
<li>Maintain creative and out-of-the-box sourcing techniques to tap into new pools of talent, while uncovering new tactics through research and knowledge-sharing with peers.</li>
<li>Have an analytical mindset, with the ability to conduct autonomous research and utilize data to inform strategy and influence stakeholders.</li>
<li>Exhibit exceptional organizational and time-management skills, with previous experience in high-volume business environments. A proven ability to juggle multiple competing priorities simultaneously while navigating ambuiguity is required for role success.</li>
<li>Maintain exceptional written and verbal communication, with business-level fluency in English.</li>
<li>Proficiency working in Greenhouse and Gem is preferred, but not required.</li>
</ul>
<h3>About MongoDB</h3>
<p>MongoDB is built for change, empowering our customers and our people to innovate at the speed of the market. We have redefined the database for the AI era, enabling innovators to create, transform, and disrupt industries with software. MongoDB’s unified database platform, the most widely available, globally distributed database on the market, helps organizations modernize legacy workloads, embrace innovation, and unleash AI. Our cloud-native platform, MongoDB Atlas, is the only globally distributed, multi-cloud database and is available across AWS, Google Cloud, and Microsoft Azure.</p>
<p>With offices worldwide and over 60,000 customers, including 75% of the Fortune 100 and AI-native startups, relying on MongoDB for their most important applications, we’re powering the next era of software.</p>
<p>Our compass at MongoDB is our <a href="https://www.mongodb.com/company">Leadership Commitment,</a> guiding how and why we make decisions, show up for each other, and win. It’s what makes us MongoDB.&nbsp;</p>
<p>To drive the personal growth and business impact of our employees, we’re committed to developing a supportive and enriching culture for everyone. <a href="https://www.mongodb.com/company/blog/culture/employee-benefits-that-make-a-difference-at-mongodb">From employee affinity groups, to fertility assistance and a generous parental leave policy</a>, we value our employees’ wellbeing and want to support them along every step of their professional and personal journeys.<a href="https://www.mongodb.com/blog/channel/culture"> Learn more about what it’s like to work at MongoDB</a>, and help us make an impact on the world!</p>
<p>MongoDB is committed to providing any necessary accommodations for individuals with disabilities within our application and interview process. To request an accommodation due to a disability, please inform your recruiter.</p>
<p>MongoDB is an equal opportunities employer.</p>
<p>REQ ID: 426233</p>