<div class="content-intro"><h2><span data-sheets-root="1">About Wolt</span></h2>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">At Wolt, we create technology that brings joy, simplicity and earnings to the neighborhoods of the world. In 2014 we started with delivery of restaurant food. Now we’re building the delivery of (almost) everything and you’ll find us in over 500 cities in 30 countries around the world. In 2022 we joined forces with DoorDash and together we keep on dreaming big and expanding across the globe.<br><br>Working at Wolt isn’t always easy, but it’s definitely exciting. Here you’ll learn more, build more, and ship more than in most other companies. You’ll be challenged a lot, but also have a lot of fun on the way. So, if you’re a self-starter with drive and entrepreneurial spirit, this could be the ride of your life.</span></p></div><p>Wolt is a Finnish technology company and we’re best known for our food delivery platform. On our mobile app or website, customers can order their favorite meals or other goods from our restaurant or retail partners and either pick their order up or have it delivered by our courier partners.&nbsp;</p>
<p>We’re expanding rapidly, from our office in Stockholm, and now we’re looking for someone to be part of this hectic, fun, and rapid expansion and help to set up our new partners for success.</p>
<p>As such, we need a customer-focused and structured Onboarding Associate to support the onboarding and training of new restaurant partners and ensure the best possible partnership. As an Onboarding Associate, you will act as a key communicator between our operations team and merchant partners in order to ensure optimal success.</p>
<h2><strong>What you'll be doing</strong></h2>
<p><strong>End-to-End Onboarding</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Successfully onboard venues onto the Wolt platform by coordinating, executing, and monitoring the full onboarding process for restaurant and retail Merchant Partners.</li>
<li>Ensure a smooth and speedy integration from when the contract is signed through to go-live.</li>
<li>Proactively remove bottlenecks and roadblocks to maintain onboarding velocity.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Merchant Relationships &amp; Training</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Build strong relationships with merchant partners, supporting them throughout onboarding and beyond.</li>
<li>Provide training and education on the Wolt Merchant App and Merchant Portal (including live training if needed) to optimize partner performance.</li>
<li>Keep merchants updated on system improvements and new features to ensure their continued success.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Comprehensive Setup &amp; Quality Standards</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Create and maintain merchant venue pages, including offers, product photo coverage, translations, and menu updates.</li>
<li>Ensure all content reflects Wolt’s brand standards, both in pragmatic and aesthetic terms.</li>
<li>Guarantee that all partners experience the highest Wolt-grade service standards by monitoring progress and addressing needs promptly.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Collaboration &amp; Support</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Support Merchant Services and Key Account Managers with tasks related to partner management.</li>
<li>Contribute to long-term operational success by ensuring partners are fully equipped and aligned with Wolt’s service excellence.</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Qualifications</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Logical problem-solving skills with a bias for action and impact</li>
<li>Proactive ownership mentality - an independent thinker who can work with limited guidance, but through grit and determination can deliver a successful outcome</li>
<li>Excellent interpersonal skills with the ability to adapt the tone to suit the audience - you will be working with a lot of different people both internal and external</li>
<li>Experience in sales, account management, or customer support is an advantage</li>
<li>Fluent in Swedish and English to be able to communicate with the partners and ensure we have correct information on the app.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>At Wolt, We’re About Getting Things Done.</strong></p>
<p>If this sounds like an opportunity you want to pursue, apply today!&nbsp; 💙</p>
<p>Please note that <strong>we do not accept applications coming through email due to GDPR</strong>. Make sure to apply through our careers page!</p>
<p><iframe src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/GoL541\_xj9w" width="560" height="314"></iframe></p><div class="content-conclusion"><h2><span data-sheets-root="1">Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion</span></h2>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">We’re committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. That’s why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.</span></p></div>