<h2><strong>Who we are </strong></h2>
<h3><strong>About Stripe</strong></h3>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies - from the world’s largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups - use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyone's reach while doing the most important work of your career.</span></p>
<h3><strong>About the team</strong></h3>
<p>Stripe's Global Sales Team is at the forefront of driving revenue and growth. As trusted business partners, our goal is to help users understand Stripe products and integrate them with ease so they can concentrate on what's most important to them: their business. We're known for our product expertise, rigorous thinking, and user-first approach to problem solving. Within Stripe, Sales proudly serves as a critical source of user feedback and market intelligence, with direct influence on Stripe’s product roadmap and growth strategy.&nbsp;</p>
<p>The Global Sales Enablement Team is dedicated to equipping our sales teams with the necessary skills and knowledge to excel in their roles. This includes the delivery of our Sales Spin Up onboarding program and various skills workshops aimed at cultivating a high-performance sales culture.</p>
<h2><strong>What you’ll do</strong></h2>
<p>As a Sales Enablement &amp; Training Specialist, you will play a vital role in the delivery of our Sales Spin Up onboarding program and targeted skills workshops. You will engage with new hires, current team members, and sales leaders to enhance their understanding of Stripe's products and sales strategies. You’ll collaborate closely with cross-functional teams to ensure that training content is not only informative but also engaging and relevant.</p>
<h3><strong>Responsibilities</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Lead onboarding and 101/201 live training sessions, ensuring an engaging and effective training experience for new hires</li>
<li>Organize and facilitate sales skills workshops to uplevel seller performance in our SF hub</li>
<li>Be prepared to travel to other areas of your region and support virtual delivery for the APAC team</li>
<li>Build strong relationships with stakeholders to identify their unique enablement needs and sales skills gaps</li>
<li>Collaborate with subject matter experts to develop engaging training materials, including presentations, role-plays, and interactive exercises that enhance efficiency and drive business outcomes</li>
<li>Tailor content and information to various roles, segments, and sales motions, demonstrating empathy for sellers</li>
<li>Assess training effectiveness through participant feedback and performance metrics, iterating on content and delivery methods as needed</li>
<li>Provide ongoing coaching and support to sales team members to reinforce learning and drive continuous improvement</li>
<li>Represent a macro-optimistic exothermic team and be the first face many see as an onboarding trainer</li>
<li>Help drive a learning culture at Stripe by building strong relationships with stakeholders in your region</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Who you are</strong></h2>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We're looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.</span></p>
<h3><strong>Minimum requirements</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>8+ years of experience in sales, sales enablement, or a related field, with a focus on onboarding or skills development</li>
<li>A passion for teaching, a strong grasp of adult learning principles, and the ability to deliver engaging, hands-on programs while representing a positive and collaborative team</li>
<li>Proven ability to design and deliver engaging training sessions, both virtual and in-person</li>
<li>Experience coaching and delivering value selling or solution selling programs</li>
<li>Excellent communication and presentation skills, with the ability to work cross-functionally with senior leaders and subject matter experts and to quickly convey complex concepts in simple terms</li>
<li>Strong organizational skills and attention to detail, with the ability to manage multiple training initiatives simultaneously</li>
<li>Experience in sales environments, ideally with an understanding of SaaS or financial technology solutions</li>
<li>A proactive and adaptable mindset, capable of navigating ambiguity and changing priorities</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>Preferred qualifications</strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">&nbsp;</span></h3>
<ul>
<li>Experience in a fast-paced, dynamic sales environment with a focus on quota attainment</li>
<li>Familiarity with learning management systems (LMS) and e-learning tools</li>
<li>Strong facilitation skills with experience in coaching and mentoring</li>
<li>Certification in training methodologies or instructional design (e.g., ATD, CPLP, etc.) is a plus</li>
</ul>
<p>At Stripe, we believe in nurturing talent and providing opportunities for professional growth. If you’re an enthusiastic and experienced training facilitator with a passion for empowering sales teams, we would love to hear from you!</p>