<div class="content-intro"><div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
<div>
<p>At Cloudflare, we are on a mission to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers millions of websites and other Internet properties for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.&nbsp;</p>
<p>At Cloudflare, we’re not looking for people who wait for a polished roadmap; we’re looking for the builders who see the cracks in the Internet that everyone else has simply learned to live with. We value candidates who have the instinct to spot a "normalized" problem and the AI-native curiosity to create a solution using the latest tools. Our culture is built on iteration, leveraging AI to ship faster today to make it better tomorrow, while ensuring that every improvement, no matter how small, is shared across the team to lift everyone up. If you’re the type of person who values curiosity over bureaucracy, and that AI is a partner in solving tough problems to keep the Internet moving forward, you’ll fit right in.</p>
</div></div><p><strong>Available Location: San Francisco Bay Area</strong></p>
<p><strong>About the department</strong></p>
<p>The Americas GTM team is Cloudflare’s largest sales organization that comprises AEs, AMs, SEs, BDRs, CSMs, and Operations roles - all working together to help our customers adopt Cloudflare and create phenomenal internet-enabled experiences.&nbsp; The sales team at Cloudflare helps customers solve real, technical problems and needs to support their business outcomes, while also creating revenue streams that fuel Cloudflare’s culture of innovation and excellence.</p>
<p><strong>About the role</strong></p>
<p><strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">The Digital Native segment at Cloudflare is our fastest growing segment in the US and we are looking for a Director of Sales to manage a team of Account Executives. The ideal candidate will possess both a sales management and technical background that enables them to drive engagement at all levels with technical and non-technical buyers.&nbsp;</span></strong></p>
<p>As a Sales Director, you will have the opportunity to position and differentiate the Enterprise platform experience for Cloudflare, while reinforcing strong pipeline and forecast management practices. You will extensively interact with other teams within Business Development, Sales Operations, Sales Engineering, Product, and Marketing to drive new business across untapped accounts.&nbsp;&nbsp;</p>
<p>This leadership role is within the Mid-Market team (Digital Native segment), and focuses on both the acquisition of new Digital Native accounts, as well as the expansion of existing Customer accounts.&nbsp; You will manage a team of 11 account executives. The expectation is for all sellers within this segment is to drive customer engagement from technical professionals through to executive levels, and across Security, Network, Development and Infrastructure teams, as an avenue to building and converting thousands of prospective customers.</p>
<p>This role extends beyond analyzing and reporting; we take pride in helping to design and implement solutions to the different challenges that can arise in our fast paced and innovative environment.</p>
<p><strong>Responsibilities</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Accurately forecast commits by month and quarter, and deliver attainment to quarterly and annual sales targets.</li>
<li>Oversee, coach and motivate a team of account executives, consistently measuring their success against overall quota attainment, new logo acquisition and expansion into existing accounts.</li>
<li>Hold regular 1x1s with team members, maintaining open and transparent communication.</li>
<li>Develop and uplevel team selling abilities through consistent focus on enablement, solution selling and metric improvements.&nbsp; Build and refine sales runbooks and scripts.</li>
<li>Assist in the continued codification of various product focused playbooks on how to connect data led insights to Cloudflare solutions that solve critical business challenges Cloudflare customers face daily.</li>
<li>Maintain a funnel of new hire candidates by continuously interviewing and building a network of candidate potentials.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Monitor access and proficiency of enablement resources and various sales tool licenses.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Collaborate with Sales Enablement, Product and Product Marketing to provide and optimize sales training for newly launched features and products.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Requirements</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>5+ years of Sales Management experience leading sales teams at a high-growth SaaS company (Cloud security or Hyperscalers are a bonus)</li>
<li>Experience developing relationships with Digital Native, highly technical customers and selling through a PLG growth model</li>
<li>Experience building relationships with target partners to expand the partner ecosystem in Startups.</li>
<li>Record of high performance in consistently meeting and exceeding team plan&nbsp;</li>
<li>Excellent written communication and presentation skills.</li>
<li>Track record of success in selling new products and early access solutions.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Experience in networking across business units within an account and through M&amp;As; multi-thread to identify, engage and close new divisional buyers.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Demonstrable record of success and passion for acquisition and expansion tactics.</li>
<li>Coaching level knowledge of Gap Selling, Sandler, Challenger, or other sales methodologies.</li>
<li>Strong talent for driving consensus and support among internal and external stakeholders and champions.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Compensation</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Compensation will be adjusted based on location and level.</li>
<li>For San Francisco/Bay Area based hires: Estimated On Target Earnings of $378,000-$480,000</li>
<li>This role is eligible to earn incentive compensation under Cloudflare’s Sales Compensation Plan. The estimated annual salary range includes the on-target incentive compensation that may be attained in this role under the Sales Compensation Plan.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Equity</strong></p>
<p>This role is eligible to participate in Cloudflare’s equity plan.</p>
<p><strong>Benefits</strong></p>
<p>Cloudflare offers a complete package of benefits and programs to support you and your family.&nbsp; Our benefits programs can help you pay health care expenses, support caregiving, build capital for the future and make life a little easier and fun!&nbsp; The below is a description of our benefits for employees in the United States, and benefits may vary for employees based outside the U.S.</p>
<p><strong>Health &amp; Welfare Benefits</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Medical/Rx Insurance</li>
<li>Dental Insurance</li>
<li>Vision Insurance</li>
<li>Flexible Spending Accounts</li>
<li>Commuter Spending Accounts</li>
<li>Fertility &amp; Family Forming Benefits</li>
<li>On-demand mental health support and Employee Assistance Program</li>
<li>Global Travel Medical Insurance</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Financial Benefits</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Short and Long Term Disability Insurance</li>
<li>Life &amp; Accident Insurance</li>
<li>401(k) Retirement Savings Plan</li>
<li>Employee Stock Participation Plan</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Time Off</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Flexible paid time off covering vacation and sick leave</li>
<li>Leave programs, including parental, pregnancy health, medical, and bereavement leave</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: Since 2014, we've equipped more than 2,400 journalism and civil society organizations in 111 countries with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: In 2017, we created the Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration. Since the project, we've provided services to more than 425 local government election websites in 33 states.</span></p>
<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Please note that applicants who progress to the offer stage of the interview process may be asked to attend an in-person interview within one of the Cloudflare Offices or Cloudflare Hubs.&nbsp; More details about this will be available at that stage of the interview process.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p></div>