<div class="content-intro"><p><strong>Secure Every Identity, from AI to Human<br><br></strong>Identity is the key to unlocking the potential of AI. Okta secures AI by building the trusted, neutral infrastructure that enables organizations to safely embrace this new era. This work requires a relentless drive to solve complex challenges with real-world stakes. We are looking for builders and owners who operate with speed and urgency and execute with excellence.<br><br>This is an opportunity to do career-defining work. We're all in on this mission. If you are too, let's talk.</p></div><p>&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>We're looking for a <strong>Senior Software Engineer in Test, </strong>who is eager to drive non-functional <strong>load testing</strong>, identify critical optimization areas, and conduct in-depth analysis to understand "what's broken and why." as well as “How can we improve the simulation?”&nbsp;</li>
<li>You'll be at the forefront of research and development, uncovering efficiencies at a platform level and collaborating with engineering teams across the organization to implement solutions.</li>
<li>This isn't your typical QA or testing role, but rather a deep engineering role focused on performance load testing</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>About the Team:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Our Performance Load testing&nbsp; team operates on a hub-spoke model, with a core focus on <strong>deep understanding load generation systems, test data generation, and </strong><a href="http://node.js"><strong>node.js</strong></a><strong> and golang applications.</strong>.</li>
<li>We partner with engineering teams from across all products and platforms at Auth0, working to create more accurate simulated load generation and data generation tests.&nbsp;</li>
<li>You'll be supporting specific teams with performance load coverage, load optimization and testing and ensuring our systems not only maintain their current high level of performance but continuously evolve and improve.</li>
<li>You will partner with other senior load testing engineers, and mentor more junior engineers, working to achieve a high level of team impact.&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>What We're Looking For:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><strong>Programming Knowledge:</strong> Experience with a programming language like <strong>Node.js</strong>, <strong>TypeScript</strong>, <strong>JavaScript</strong>, or <strong>Golang</strong> is a requirement. We're looking for someone with a tester's mindset who can understand code, databases and data structures and collaborate effectively with our engineering teams to ensure high-quality software.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Experience with Databases: Have used databases such as MongoDb or SQL to store configuration or user data, understand tradeoffs between persistence and performance, and have used optimizations in these areas. Familiarity with indexes, query planners a plus. The ability to understand complex join queries and model datasets that leverage them.</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><strong>Microservices &amp; Kubernetes Exposure:</strong> High-level understanding of Kubernetes (K8s) and microservices architecture.</li>
<li><strong>Public Cloud Experience:</strong> Familiarity with public cloud environments, AWS and Azure.&nbsp;</li>
<li><strong>A "Developer" Mindset:</strong> You're passionate about digging into code, understanding system behavior, and proactively identifying areas for optimization.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Observability tooling experience: Experience using or implementing datadog, new relic, open tracing, open telemetry or similar request tracing tooling.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;</strong><strong>Load testing tool experience with: Jmeter, Apache Bench, Artillery, etc.&nbsp;</strong><strong>Linux and Containers: You have leveraged linux and containers in production in the past.&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><strong>You have deep testing experience</strong>, 5+ years working with advanced load generation and analysis systems and tools.&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>You understand Agentic AI tools, Experience with tools like Claude, Gemini, CoPilot implementing agents, skills, workflows and integrating them into CI/CD pipelines, Git hooks and review processes.</strong></p>
<p><strong>Why Join Us?</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><strong>High Scale, High Impact:</strong> Work on a global identity platform with millions of users, where your contributions will have a significant and immediate impact across our entire engineering organization.</li>
<li><strong>Solve Complex Problems:</strong> Tackle challenging performance and resilience issues in a distributed, high-throughput environment.</li>
<li><strong>Exceptional Growth Opportunities:</strong></li>
<ul>
<li>Access to conferences and ongoing learning.</li>
<li>Mentorship from staff and senior team members.</li>
<li>Exposure to low-level problems, infrastructure knowledge, microservices, and Kubernetes scheduling optimization.</li>
<li>Opportunities to go deep into areas that genuinely interest you, continuously expanding your skillset.</li>
</ul>
</ul>
<p>#LI\_Hybrid</p>
<p>P24594</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong><br>The Okta Experience</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><a href="http://rewards.okta.com">Supporting Your Well-Being</a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="https://www.okta.com/company/okta-for-good/">Driving Social Impact&nbsp;</a></li>
<li><a href="https://www.okta.com/company/talent-connection-community/">Developing Talent and Fostering Connection + Community</a></li>
</ul>
<p>We are intentional about connection. Our global community, spanning over 20 offices worldwide, is united by a drive to innovate. Your journey begins with an immersive, in-person onboarding experience designed to accelerate your impact and connect you to our mission and team from day one.<br><br>Okta is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, marital status, age, physical or mental disability, or status as a protected veteran. We also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and convictions records, consistent with applicable laws.<br><br>If reasonable accommodation is needed to complete any part of the job application, interview process, or onboarding please&nbsp;<a href="https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1EfiEYZrIyhA2X4Fijk0R3RKYOzNoS3wtvyM4nhbZnXE/edit">use this Form</a> to request an accommodation.<br><br>Notice for New York City Applicants &amp; Employees: Okta may use Automated Employment Decision Tools (AEDT), as defined by New York City Local Law 144, that use artificial intelligence, machine learning, or other automated processes to assist in our recruitment and hiring process. In accordance with NYC Local Law 144, if you are an applicant or employee residing in New York City, please&nbsp;<a href="https://talent.okta.com/new-york-city-aedt-notice.html">click here</a> to view our full NYC AEDT Notice.<br><br>Okta is committed to complying with applicable data privacy and security laws and regulations. For more information, please see our Personnel and Job Candidate Privacy Notice at&nbsp;<a href="https://www.okta.com/legal/personnel-policy/">https://www.okta.com/legal/personnel-policy/</a>.</p></div>