<div class="content-intro"><p><strong>Who we are&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>At Twilio, we’re shaping the future of communications, all from the comfort of our homes. We deliver innovative solutions to<a class="c-link" href="https://customers.twilio.com/" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://customers.twilio.com/" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">&nbsp;hundreds of thousands of businesses&nbsp;</a>and empower millions of developers worldwide to craft personalized customer experiences.</p>
<p>Our dedication to <a class="c-link" href="https://www.twilio.com/en-us/blog/open-work" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://www.twilio.com/en-us/blog/open-work" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">remote-first work</a>, and strong culture of connection and global inclusion means that no matter your location, you’re part of a vibrant team with diverse experiences making a global impact each day. As we continue to revolutionize how the world interacts, we’re acquiring new skills and experiences that make work feel truly rewarding. Your career at Twilio is in your hands.<br><br>We use Artificial Intelligence (AI) to help make our hiring process efficient. That said, every hiring decision is made by real Twilions!</p>
<p><span style="color: rgb(255, 255, 255);">.</span></p></div><p><strong>See yourself at Twilio</strong></p>
<p>Join the team as Twilio’s next Digital Sales Representative.</p>
<p><strong>About the job</strong></p>
<p>This position is needed to play a key role in further growing the business. As our new Digital Sales Representative, you will be responsible for net new customer acquisition, solution selling, and closing deals within our SMB and Mid Market accounts with companies primarily based in Europe. Your focus will be positioning our email solution, SendGrid, but you will be exposed to all aspects of Twilio’s Communications BU and able to sell most products and services..&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Responsibilities</strong></p>
<p>In this role, you’ll:</p>
<ul>
<li>Responsible for net new customer acquisition and driving new revenue for a specific territory while maintaining the highest levels of customer satisfaction</li>
<li>Work with customers across all verticals to understand their business and technical requirements. You will need to understand the capabilities of Twilio’s communications API platform so that, together, you can design a solution for their specific use case needs</li>
<li>Work diligently with cross-functional internal teams (Sales Development, Marketing, Product, Engineering, Support) to address customer requirements, advise on digital communication strategies, and help customers get started on the Twilio platform&nbsp;</li>
<li>Passionate about what you do, able to think outside of the box, and have world-class interpersonal and communication skills to make complex technical and financial details sound simple</li>
<li>Ability to balance competing priorities and manage multiple projects/deals at the same time</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Qualifications&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>Twilio values diverse experiences from all kinds of industries, and we encourage everyone who meets the required qualifications to apply. If your career is just starting or hasn't followed a traditional path, don't let that stop you from considering Twilio. We are always looking for people who will bring something new to the table!</p>
<p><strong>\*Required:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>5+ year of experience in a technical SaaS/CPaaS space, with a record of top performance</li>
<li>Understanding of the cloud computing/communications business model and excitement for selling to a technical audience while utilizing a solution-oriented approach to selling</li>
<li>Strong written and verbal communication skills, with the ability to effortlessly make complex technical and financial details sound simple</li>
<li>Technical solutions selling experience and enjoys working with real customers-- listening to them and solving problems</li>
<li>High adaptability, with comfort trying new things and building within a rapid-paced environment&nbsp;&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Location</strong></p>
<p>This role will be remote, and based in Ireland</p>
<p><strong>Travel&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>We prioritize connection and opportunities to build relationships with our customers and each other. For this role, you may be required to travel occasionally to participate in project or team in-person meetings.</p>
<p><strong>What We Offer</strong></p>
<p>Working at Twilio offers many benefits, including competitive pay, generous time off, ample parental and wellness leave, healthcare, a retirement savings program, and much more. Offerings vary by location.</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>Twilio thinks big. Do you?</strong></p>
<p>We like to solve problems, take initiative, pitch in when needed, and are always up for trying new things. That's why we seek out colleagues who embody our values — something we call <a href="https://www.twilio.com/company/values">Twilio Magic</a>. Additionally, we empower employees to build <a href="https://twilio.org/support-and-resources/impact-fund">positive change in their communities</a> by supporting their volunteering and donation efforts.</p>
<p>So, if you're ready to unleash your full potential, do your best work, and be the best version of yourself, apply now! If this role isn't what you're looking for, <a href="https://www.twilio.com/company/jobs#open-positions">please consider other open positions.</a></p>
<p><strong>Twilio is proud to be an equal opportunity employer.</strong> We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, reproductive health decisions, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, genetic information, political views or activity, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Qualified applicants with arrest or conviction records will be considered for employment in accordance with the Los Angeles County Fair Chance Ordinance for Employers and the California Fair Chance Act. Additionally, Twilio participates in the E-Verify program in certain locations, as required by law.</p></div>