<div class="content-intro"><p><strong>Who we are&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>At Twilio, we’re shaping the future of communications, all from the comfort of our homes. We deliver innovative solutions to<a class="c-link" href="https://customers.twilio.com/" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://customers.twilio.com/" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">&nbsp;hundreds of thousands of businesses&nbsp;</a>and empower millions of developers worldwide to craft personalized customer experiences.</p>
<p>Our dedication to <a class="c-link" href="https://www.twilio.com/en-us/blog/open-work" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://www.twilio.com/en-us/blog/open-work" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">remote-first work</a>, and strong culture of connection and global inclusion means that no matter your location, you’re part of a vibrant team with diverse experiences making a global impact each day. As we continue to revolutionize how the world interacts, we’re acquiring new skills and experiences that make work feel truly rewarding. Your career at Twilio is in your hands.<br><br>We use Artificial Intelligence (AI) to help make our hiring process efficient. That said, every hiring decision is made by real Twilions!</p>
<p><span style="color: rgb(255, 255, 255);">.</span></p></div><p><strong>See yourself at Twilio</strong></p>
<p>Join the team as our next Manager, Personalized Support (LATAM)</p>
<p><strong>About the job</strong></p>
<p>Twilio powers real-time business communications and data solutions that help companies and developers worldwide build better applications and customer experiences.Although we're headquartered in San Francisco, we have presence throughout South America, Europe, Asia and Australia. We're on a journey to becoming a globally anti-racist, anti-oppressive, anti-bias company that actively opposes racism and all forms of oppression and bias. At Twilio, we support diversity, equity &amp; inclusion wherever we do business. We employ thousands of Twilions worldwide, and we're looking for more builders, creators, and visionaries to help fuel our growth momentum.</p>
<p><strong>Responsibilities</strong></p>
<p>In this role, you’ll:</p>
<ul>
<li>Lead a team of Personalized Support Engineers (PSEs) who support our strategic customers. The team’s role is to assist the TAMs and customers to resolve a mixture of technical problems, deliver proactive guidance to provide added value through the use of Twilio technologies and be the champion for the customer within Twilio.&nbsp;</li>
<li>As the Personalized Support Manager, you will be their coach and leader; bringing out the best in each of your team members with keen interest in their overall well being.&nbsp;</li>
<li>You are constantly looking for ways to improve support operations and areas that our PSEs can improve to provide our customers with the highest level of support possible. You are ready to own and drive procedural changes of internal support processes and initiatives.&nbsp;</li>
<li>You will also be working alongside our Personalized Support Managers who manage Technical Account Managers (TAMs). You will hire and train new employees to supplement existing resources as needed while all the time raising the bar on the standard of excellence. You will foster a strong culture of collaboration and customer empathy in the team.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Qualifications&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>Twilio values diverse experiences from all kinds of industries, and we encourage everyone who meets the required qualifications to apply. If your career is just starting or hasn't followed a traditional path, don't let that stop you from considering Twilio. We are always looking for people who will bring something new to the table!</p>
<p><strong>\*Required:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>6+ years of experience as part of a support or operations team in a software or SaaS company.</li>
<li>4+ years experience leading a technical support team in a software or SaaS company.</li>
<li>Experience coaching Technical Support Engineers in providing best-in-class customized proactive and reactive support to customers.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Exceptional emotional intelligence, interpersonal communication and professional writing skills.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Demonstrated history of driving customer issue resolutions including escalation management, and coordination with internal operational teams.</li>
<li>Ability to lead a team while effectively developing and achieving the desired performance outcomes (performance, teamwork, collaboration, KPI reporting/analysis, frameworks, daily management tasks, training &amp; enablement strategies, etc.)</li>
<li>Ability to prioritize multiple competing initiatives simultaneously including business as usual tasks, projects, on-call responsibilities and other operational requirements.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Diplomacy in uncertain situations with an analytical and process driven solution approach.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Desired:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Knowledge of networking protocols, standards, troubleshooting and cloud computing.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Experience working with Salesforce, JIRA, Confluence, Airtable, Zendesk and other project tools.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Location</strong></p>
<p>This role will be remote, and based in Colombia.</p>
<p><strong>Travel&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>We prioritize connection and opportunities to build relationships with our customers and each other. For this role, you may be required to travel occasionally to participate in project or team in-person meetings.</p>
<p><strong>What We Offer</strong></p>
<p>Working at Twilio offers many benefits, including competitive pay, generous time off, ample parental and wellness leave, healthcare, a retirement savings program, and much more. Offerings vary by location.</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>Twilio thinks big. Do you?</strong></p>
<p>We like to solve problems, take initiative, pitch in when needed, and are always up for trying new things. That's why we seek out colleagues who embody our values — something we call <a href="https://www.twilio.com/company/values">Twilio Magic</a>. Additionally, we empower employees to build <a href="https://twilio.org/support-and-resources/impact-fund">positive change in their communities</a> by supporting their volunteering and donation efforts.</p>
<p>So, if you're ready to unleash your full potential, do your best work, and be the best version of yourself, apply now! If this role isn't what you're looking for, <a href="https://www.twilio.com/company/jobs#open-positions">please consider other open positions.</a></p>
<p><strong>Twilio is proud to be an equal opportunity employer.</strong> We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, reproductive health decisions, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, genetic information, political views or activity, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Qualified applicants with arrest or conviction records will be considered for employment in accordance with the Los Angeles County Fair Chance Ordinance for Employers and the California Fair Chance Act. Additionally, Twilio participates in the E-Verify program in certain locations, as required by law.</p></div>