<h2 data-start="1063" data-end="1087">Team Description</h2>
<p>As<strong> Training Team Lead</strong>, you’ll be the <strong>operational and people lead</strong> for Field Sales Training in established markets. You’ll coach and support a team of experienced Field Sales Trainers, ensuring training is delivered on time, to a high standard, and with clear impact on field performance.</p>
<p>You’ll join the <strong>Sales Training team</strong>, sitting within our <strong>Sales Enablement </strong>function. Based in our hubs across Europe, they are focused on helping our Field Sales teams succeed quickly, confidently, and consistently.</p>
<p>You’ll sit at the centre of execution, turning strategy into action and bringing clarity to day-to-day delivery. Working closely with Field Sales leadership, RevOps, and Product, you’ll keep training tightly connected to what’s happening in the field - from onboarding and accreditation through to early activation, productivity and ongoing training.</p>
<h2 data-start="2077" data-end="2099">&nbsp;</h2>
<h2 data-start="2077" data-end="2099">What You’ll Do</h2>
<ul>
<li>Own training outcomes linked to sales performance metrics, including onboarding completion, early sales activation, and cohort conversion targets</li>
<li>Lead and support a team of Field Sales Trainers, setting clear priorities and ensuring high-quality delivery across markets</li>
<li>Own the execution of onboarding, accreditation, and ongoing field sales training, maintaining consistency and standards</li>
<li>Coach and develop trainers through observation, structured feedback, and regular performance conversations</li>
<li>Monitor onboarding effectiveness and outcomes, adjusting training focus when results are off track</li>
<li>Act as the link between the EU Sales Training Manager and the trainer team, translating priorities into clear actions</li>
<li>Partner with Field Sales leadership, RevOps, and Product to ensure training is timely, relevant, and performance-driven</li>
</ul>
<h2 data-start="2818" data-end="2857">&nbsp;</h2>
<h2><strong>You’ll Be Great for This Role If You</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Bring <strong>3-5 years of sales training experience</strong>, with a strong understanding of onboarding and early performance drivers</li>
<li>Have solid <strong>sales knowledge</strong> from live B2B selling environments, preferably field sales, so you know what good looks like</li>
<li>Have <strong>1-3 years of experience leading trainers/coaches in a sales environment&nbsp;</strong></li>
<li>Are comfortable owning operations across remote teams or markets&nbsp;</li>
<li>Regularly use data to guide decisions - and measure the impact of training</li>
<li>Communicate clearly, collaborate well, and take ownership of outcomes</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Nice to have:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Fluency in French, German, Spanish, or Italian</li>
<li>Experience in fintech, payments, or POS</li>
<li>Exposure to Product or RevOps collaboration</li>
</ul>
<h2 data-start="3483" data-end="3524">&nbsp;</h2>
<h2 data-start="3483" data-end="3524">Why You Should Join SumUp</h2>
<p data-start="3525" data-end="4650">🌎 Opportunity to work with a truly global, multicultural team from our Paris location. This involves an office-first setup</p>
<p data-start="3525" data-end="4650">🌈 Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion: be part of a workplace that values and promotes diversity, fostering an inclusive environment where everyone's perspectives are respected and embraced</p>
<p data-start="3525" data-end="4650">🚀 Enrolment in our VSOP program: you will own a stake in SumUp’s future success</p>
<p data-start="3525" data-end="4650">📚 Invest in your growth: €2,000 annual Learning &amp; Development budget to fuel your development</p>
<p data-start="3525" data-end="4650">💼 Financial security: corporate pension contributions that support your long-term future</p>
<p data-start="3525" data-end="4650">🏥 Healthcare support: we cover 50% of the monthly cost of your health insurance for your Mutuelle and Prévoyance</p>
<p data-start="3525" data-end="4650">🚌 Extra allowances: we offer restaurant tickets (Swile) and cover transportation costs</p>
<p data-start="3525" data-end="4650">🏖 Generous time off: enjoy 28 days of paid leave, plus bank holidays and special leaves</p>
<p data-start="3525" data-end="4650">🎉 Regular breakfasts, team events, office parties &amp; sports activities</p>
<p data-start="3525" data-end="4650">🌴 Break4me: 1-month sabbatical after 3 years of service</p>
<p data-start="3525" data-end="4650">🔗 Referral Bonus: earn additional rewards by referring talented individuals to join the SumUp team</p>
<hr>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<h3><strong>About SumUp</strong></h3>
<p>Be empowered to do more that matters.</p>
<p>At SumUp, we're on a mission to empower small businesses across the globe by providing simple and affordable tools that allow them to thrive. Today, over 4 million businesses in 37 markets rely on SumUp as their financial partner to manage payments, finance and customer relationships.</p>
<p>Our commitment to small businesses is reflected in<a href="https://youtu.be/9DG64C3moeQ?si=YpcWuBNBTOQPzeLI"> our diverse team</a> of over 3,000 SumUppers from over 90 nationalities, united by global collaboration and an innovative mindset.<a href="https://www.sumup.com/careers/culture/"> Our core values</a> lay the foundation for who we are and what we stand for, shaping our work culture and driving our success. We foster inclusivity and a continuous learning culture, providing a safe space for personal and professional growth. Our differences make us unique and strong as we strive to create an environment where everyone belongs and feels supported, no matter how they identify.</p>
<p>SumUp is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity employer, actively seeking and embracing diversity in our workforce. We don't make hiring or employment decisions based on race, colour, religion or religious belief, ethnic or national origin, nationality, sex, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, disability, age or any other basis protected by applicable laws or prohibited by company policy. Our commitment extends beyond recruitment to creating a safe and respectful workplace where harassment of any form is strictly prohibited. Discover more about our culture and opportunities on our<a href="https://www.sumup.com/careers/"> careers website</a>, and follow our journey on<a href="https://www.linkedin.com/company/sumup/"> LinkedIn</a>,<a href="https://www.instagram.com/insidesumup/"> Instagram</a>, and<a href="https://www.tiktok.com/@insidesumup"> TikTok</a>.</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>Job Application Tip</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We recognise that candidates feel they need to meet 100% of the job criteria in order to apply for a job. Please note that this is only a guide. If you don’t tick every box, it’s ok too because it means you have room to learn and develop your career at SumUp.</span></p></div>