<p>Lead our effort to get Ubuntu fit for applications in automotive, aerospace, industrial robotics and other highly regulated environments.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Ubuntu is already the world’s most widely used Linux in general; we want to make it the world’s best choice for mission-critical systems in these sectors too.</p>
<p>To achieve this, we are investing in processes and engineering, tools and analysis, practices and people. Success in this effort will secure open-source software’s place at the highest tables in industry, where the complex demands of regulation, compliance and certification are demonstrably met.</p>
<p>We’re seeking for someone to lead this effort. In this role you will transform those complex demands into concrete outcomes, and in turn into engineering excellence values and practices that will bring those outcomes about.&nbsp;</p>
<p>This is not a paper exercise; it means leading and challenging engineering culture, working with teams across the organisation. Your work will make those practices come alive, at every level of engineering. You will bring a passion for engineering excellence and open-source software, and the ability to unify agile approaches across multiple projects and teams. Under your leadership, teams will adopt and internalise these values as their own.</p>
<p>Through your work, you will help define Canonical’s ways of working, collaborating with engineering leadership to describe and implement continuous improvement processes, and establish qualification requirements in support of engineering quality standards. You will define methods and approaches for measuring quality, and use them to shape and sharpen engineering culture.</p>
<p>Beyond Canonical, you will establish strategic relations with external working groups, committees and partners.</p>
<p>You will join the industrial standards team at Canonical and work closely with company-wide engineering leadership to define and deliver this vision.</p>
<p>Location: <em>This role may be held anywhere in European, Middle Eastern, African or Americas regions or time zones.</em></p>
<h2><strong>What we are looking for in you</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>You have a strong experience in engineering and process management in an agile environment</li>
<li>You have knowledge or certification of standards addressing quality of software artifacts such as ISO/IEC 25010 or ASPICE</li>
<li>You love developing and growing people and teams and have a track record of doing it</li>
<li>You have led successful compliance and certification efforts, understand well the process and stakeholders management required</li>
<li>You have experience with Linux</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Additional skills that you might also bring</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Background as a software developer</li>
<li>Experience in establishing product engineering development metrics and KPIs</li>
<li>Strong critical thinking and problem-solving skills</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>What we offer you</strong></h2>
<p>Your base pay will depend on various factors including your geographical location, level of experience, knowledge and skills. In addition to the benefits above, certain roles are also eligible for additional benefits and rewards including annual bonuses and sales incentives based on revenue or utilisation. Our compensation philosophy is to ensure equity right across our global workforce.&nbsp;&nbsp;</p>
<p>In addition to a competitive base pay, we provide all team members with additional benefits, which reflect our values and ideals. Please note that additional benefits may apply depending on the work location and, for more information on these, you can ask in the later stages of the recruitment process.</p>
<ul>
<li>Fully remote working environment - we’ve been working remotely since 2004!</li>
<li>Personal learning and development budget of 2,000USD per annum</li>
<li>Annual compensation review</li>
<li>Recognition rewards</li>
<li>Annual holiday leave</li>
<li>Parental Leave</li>
<li>Employee Assistance Programme</li>
<li>Opportunity to travel to new locations to meet colleagues at ‘sprints’</li>
<li>Priority Pass for travel and travel upgrades for long haul company events</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>About Canonical</strong></h2>
<p>Canonical is a pioneering tech firm that is at the forefront of the global move to open source. As the company that publishes Ubuntu, one of the most important open source projects and the platform for AI, IoT and the cloud, we are changing the world on a daily basis. We recruit on a global basis and set a very high standard for people joining the company. We expect excellence - in order to succeed, we need to be the best at what we do.</p>
<p>Canonical has been a remote-first company since its inception in 2004.​ Work at Canonical is a step into the future, and will challenge you to think differently, work smarter, learn new skills, and raise your game. Canonical provides a unique window into the world of 21st-century digital business.</p>
<h2><strong>Canonical is an equal opportunity employer</strong></h2>
<p>We are proud to foster a workplace free from discrimination. Diversity of experience, perspectives, and background create a better work environment and better products. <a href="https://canonical.com/careers/diversity/identity">Whatever your identity, we will give your application fair consideration.</a>Lead our effort to get Ubuntu fit for mission critical environments like automotive, aerospace, industrial robotics and other highly regulated uses.</p>
<p><strong>&nbsp;</strong>#LI-remote</p>