<p>Start Dates Available: <strong>Immediate Start&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Job Title: </strong>Workplace Experience Coordinator</p>
<p><strong>Company: </strong>AlphaSights</p>
<p><strong>Location: </strong>Dubai</p>
<p><strong>Position Type:</strong> Full-Time</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>About AlphaSights</strong></p>
<p>AlphaSights is the global leader in knowledge on-demand. We connect investors and business leaders with the knowledge they need to succeed. Working from nine cities globally, our 1500+ colleagues provide round-the-clock coverage to the world's top investment funds, consultancies, and Fortune 500s. Founded in 2008, AlphaSights is a fast-growing, founder-led company.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>About this role</strong></p>
<p>AlphaSights is a global company, seeking an organised and enthusiastic Workplace Experience Coordinator to help us run things efficiently in our growing office in Dubai. A successful candidate will embrace a 'whatever-it-takes' mantra to roll up their sleeves and achieve team goals.</p>
<p>If you are a proactive and detail-oriented individual with a passion for creating a seamless workplace experience, join AlphaSights Dubai. Apply now and contribute to our dynamic and growing team.</p>
<p><strong>Responsibilities</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Front of House and reception desk operational duties during core business hours.</li>
<li>Provide exceptional hospitality service and professionalism to all stakeholders, employees and visitors.</li>
<li>Maintain office efficiency by coordinating incoming calls, managing inbound and outbound mail, coordinating couriers and handling packages.</li>
<li>Procure all office supplies, make payments and ensure items are received.</li>
<li>Manage inventory of office supplies and kitchen consumables, ensuring accurate par levels for weekly ordering whilst being mindful of costs.</li>
<li>Assist with the setup, breakdown, and clean-up of company parties and events, including furniture reconfiguration.</li>
<li>Conduct routine facilities inspections, seeking deficiencies with furniture, equipment or appliances and remedying as appropriate.</li>
<li>Oversee our cleaning and maintenance contractors, and proactively logging jobs for them to complete.</li>
<li>Responsible for overall office tidiness and organisation to ensure the office remains aesthetically pleasing and a welcoming environment.</li>
<li>Arranging catering for in-office events.</li>
<li>Overseeing all catering in-office, including the coffee machine maintenance and all F&amp;B supplies.</li>
<li>Coordination of in-house and off-site activities, office-wide socials, and celebrations. This includes our annual holiday party and Firm weekend, from inception to execution.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>What you’ll get</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><strong>Years 0-1: </strong>Following a training programme, you’ll begin your journey with AlphaSights as a <strong>Workplace Experience</strong> <strong>Coordinator</strong>, focused on the fundamentals of front desk responsibility, office coordination and event management.</li>
<li><strong>Years 2-4: </strong>Those who master the Coordinator role will have the opportunity to become a <strong>Workplace Experience Associate</strong>, where you will further develop your skill set and lead regional projects. You’ll have early mentorship opportunities as you begin to train and guide new joiners to our team.</li>
<li><strong>Years 4+: </strong>As a <strong>Senior Associate &amp; Manager</strong> you’ll lead on regional and global projects and as well developing on your People Management skills. Successful managers have the opportunity for further levels of leadership.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Requirements&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>0-1 years of experience in administration, office management, hospitality, or facilities coordination.</li>
<li>Proactive, forward-thinking and detail-oriented approach with excellent problem solving skills.</li>
<li>Ability to handle multiple tasks simultaneously, think on your feet and remain calm under pressure.</li>
<li>Strong interpersonal and communication skills, with the ability to build positive working relationships with our stakeholders.</li>
<li>Demonstrated ability to manage ambiguity, handle various stakeholders, priorisation.</li>
<li>Able to thrive in high-pressure environments.</li>
<li>Excellent written and verbal communication.</li>
<li>Fluency in English is essential.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Compensation and benefits</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>155,000 AED annual salary</li>
<li>25 vacation days, in addition to all UAE national holidays</li>
<li>Comprehensive private health and dental insurance&nbsp;</li>
<li>1 round-trip economy flight ticket home per annum to visit immediate family outside the UAE</li>
<li>State-of-the-art office with amenities in the heart of Dubai</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><em>AlphaSights is an equal-opportunity employer.&nbsp;</em></p>