<div>We are seeking a dynamic, high-impact&nbsp;<strong>International Workplace Manager</strong>&nbsp;to lead our real estate and workplace operations across the&nbsp;<strong>EMEA and APJ regions</strong>. In this pivotal role, you will partner closely with the Global Head of Real Estate to bridge the gap between high-level strategic planning and the seamless execution of daily office operations. From managing multi-million dollar office fit-outs and negotiating complex vendor contracts to scaling a high-performing local team, you will be the driving force behind a world-class employee experience. If you are a seasoned operations expert who thrives in a fast-paced environment and possesses a unique blend of financial acumen, real estate transactions experience, and a "people-first" mindset, we invite you to help us build the future of work.</div>
<div>&nbsp;</div>
<div><strong>Why This Role Matters</strong></div>
<div>As our International Workplace Manager, you aren't just managing buildings; you are&nbsp;<strong>cultivating culture</strong>. You will ensure that whether an employee is in London, Tokyo, or Sydney, their physical environment reflects our dynamic culture and operating principles and company mission.</div>
<p>This role is based in our Warsaw office with an office-centric hybrid schedule. The standard in-office days are Monday, Tuesday, and Thursday. Most Asanas have the option to work from home on Wednesdays. Working from home on Fridays depends on the type of work you do, and your recruiter can share more about the in-office requirements.</p>
<p>We offer a Contract of Employment (UoP) for our employees in Poland.</p>
<p><strong>What you’ll achieve:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Working with the Global Head of RE, manage and oversee all EMEA &amp; APJ real estate activities, including strategic planning, vendor management, purchasing, budgeting, programming, site selection, financial analysis, transaction negotiations, project delivery and workplace services globally</li>
<li>Manage end-to-end project management of office fit-out projects, overseeing all phases managing vendor procurement, construction, IT setup, and staff relocations to deliver fully operational workspaces on time, within budget, and with minimal disruption to business operations.</li>
<li>Actively facilitate and participate in creating an ongoing positive employee experience by overseeing the consistent delivery of exceptional Operational/Workplace support for all EMEA &amp; APJ offices</li>
<li>Manage all day-to-day Workplace Operations for the EMEA &amp; APJ offices; manage and scale the local Workplace team to meet the ongoing needs of a growing company.&nbsp; Hire, develop and lead an inclusive, engaged, and high performing team</li>
<li>Work cross-functionally with other team stakeholders to create a consistent Asana experience for all Asana employees; be able to manage ongoing daily requests in a high-touch customer environment</li>
<li>Oversee management of workplace vendor operations and relationships including janitorial, building engineering, and others as needed; partner with our landlord to ensure a consistent, comfortable environment</li>
<li>Partner with the Culinary team to ensure culinary program is consistent with program budgets and the appropriate amount of food is served daily in alignment with headcount attendance</li>
<li>Partner with Recruiting, People, and IT to ensure the Workplace team is helping to create a clean, organized onboarding of new EMEA &amp; APJ employees</li>
<li>Partner with the Global Workplace team to ensure global standards of office design, maintenance and organizational standards are maintained; participate in the design and expansion/contraction planning of local site; add operational insight and input</li>
<li>Work with the Head of Workplace and the Finance team to create good annual operating budgets and determine expanding space needs and budgeting requirements as we grow.</li>
<li>Negotiate and manage relationships, budgets, POs and contracts with landlord and facilities vendors including cleaning services, maintenance contractors, food/beverage etc.</li>
<li>Work with the Space Planning team to maintain consistently up to date seating plans.</li>
<li>Other site specific duties required as Asana continues to expand</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>About you:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>A passion for managing an overall positive employee experience through ongoing operational support</li>
<li>Strong ability to manage competing priorities and projects</li>
<li>Strong interpersonal and communication skills, with the ability to build relationships across departments, work collaboratively, and manage conflict constructively</li>
<li>Highly organized with the ability to prioritize multiple functions and tasks while managing time efficiently</li>
<li>Approachable and able to build relationships with Asanas and visitors</li>
<li>Learn our culture and processes quickly in a fast paced, ever-changing environment</li>
<li>Professional, articulate, and friendly personality with a customer-service orientation</li>
<li>Proficient in Google Apps and other calendar/meeting applications</li>
<li>4+ years of direct customer service experience</li>
<li>5+ years of office operations experience including basic knowledge of building infrastructure needs</li>
<li>Must have previous people management experience&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p>At Asana, we're committed to building teams that include a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, and skills, as this is critical to helping us achieve our mission. If you're interested in this role and don't meet every listed requirement, we still encourage you to apply.</p>
<p><strong>What we’ll offer:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Generous, transparent and fair compensation system</li>
<li>Contract of Employment (and the option of&nbsp; 50% tax deductible costs for author’s rights usage in respect of&nbsp; applicable roles )&nbsp;</li>
<li>Health insurance with dental and travel coverage (Lux Med)&nbsp;</li>
<li>Breakfast and lunch catering on the days that you work from the office</li>
<li>Career growth budget&nbsp;</li>
<li>Home office setup budget&nbsp;</li>
<li>Gym/Fitness reimbursement</li>
<li>Fertility healthcare and family-forming support with <a href="https://www.get-carrot.com/">Carrot</a></li>
<li>Mental Health Support in Modern Health</li>
<li>Group life insurance</li>
<li>MacBooks with all necessary accessories</li>
</ul>
<p>For this role, the estimated base salary range is between 19,833- 21,833 PLN gross monthly on the contract of employment (UoP). The actual base salary will vary based on various factors and individual qualifications objectively assessed during the interview process. The listed range above is a guideline, and the base compensation range for this role may be modified.</p>
<p>Our total compensation consists of base salary and equity (RSUs).</p>
<p>#LI-Hybrid #LI-FN1</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>About us</strong></p>
<p data-pm-slice="1 1 []">Asana is a leading platform for human + AI collaboration. Millions of teams around the world rely on Asana to achieve their most important goals, faster. Asana has been named to Fortune's Best Workplaces for 7+ years and recognized by Fast Company, Forbes, and Gartner for excellence in workplace culture and innovation. We offer an exceptional office-centric culture while adopting the best elements of hybrid models to ensure that every one of our global team members can work together effortlessly. With 13+ offices all over the world, we are always looking for individuals who care about building technology that drives positive change in the world and a culture where everyone feels that they belong.</p>
<p data-pm-slice="1 1 []"><strong><a class="LinkThemeablePresentation LinkPrimaryPresentation LinkPrimaryPresentation--sentimentSelected PrimaryLink HighlightSol HighlightSol--core HighlightSol--buildingBlock" href="https://www.gem.com/form?formID=fbcdec8c-3442-43b9-9b45-d2b5f4ea25db" target="\_blank">Join Asana’s Talent Network</a></strong>&nbsp;to stay up to date on job opportunities and life at Asana.</p></div>