<p>The Storage Engines team is building WiredTiger, a cutting-edge open-source storage engine. WiredTiger employs modern hardware architectures and software algorithms to achieve extraordinary performance for the most intricate applications. This team’s role is to maintain a pluggable protocol for MongoDB storage engines, and provide a comprehensive framework for managing concurrent, transactional access to data stored within a MongoDB database instance.</p>
<p>Our team champions a strong culture of inclusivity, diversity, and collaboration. As a team member, you will contribute to crafting and maintaining the nexus of the different server components, connecting its query system and distributed replication system to its underlying storage engines. Ongoing work includes improvements to our transaction management, scaling the code base, and improving resilience and availability for the server.</p>
<p>We are looking to speak to candidates who are based in Sydney for our hybrid working model.</p>
<h3>Candidate Profile</h3>
<ul>
<li>Experience with building industrial-strength software projects with a large user base, robust designs, a high level of code quality, and collaborative software development processes</li>
<li>Degree in Computer Science or similar field, or equivalent practical experience, with strong proficiency in data structures, algorithms, and software design/architecture</li>
<li>Interest in the theory and practice of database internals</li>
<li>At least 5 years of experience in programming, debugging, and performance tuning distributed and/or highly concurrent software systems</li>
</ul>
<h3>Position Expectations</h3>
<ul>
<li>Ship measurable improvements to the product through architecting, coding and leading projects</li>
<li>Collaborate with and contribute to other engineers’ projects to ensure their success in a large, feature-rich C++ codebase</li>
<li>Ensure customer value through working with product management and neighbouring engineering teams to design and deliver new features</li>
<li>Proactively identify and fix code defects and work with support to diagnose and remediate customer issues</li>
<li>Espouse and promote the MongoDB values through mentorship, building together, intellectual honesty, and accountability</li>
</ul>
<h3>Success Measures</h3>
<ul>
<li>In three months you’ll have contributed to the development of a project slated for the next major release, as well as fixed a few bugs in a minor version of our latest stable release series</li>
<li>In six months, you’ll be responsible for reviewing code, interviewing potential new hires, and reviewing new feature designs</li>
<li>In twelve months, you’re owning the development of a new major feature and are helping to mentor new engineers on the team</li>
</ul>
<h3>About MongoDB</h3>
<p>MongoDB is built for change, empowering our customers and our people to innovate at the speed of the market. We have redefined the database for the AI era, enabling innovators to create, transform, and disrupt industries with software. MongoDB’s unified database platform—the most widely available, globally distributed database on the market—helps organizations modernize legacy workloads, embrace innovation, and unleash AI. Our cloud-native platform, MongoDB Atlas, is the only globally distributed, multi-cloud database and is available across AWS, Google Cloud, and Microsoft Azure.</p>
<p>With offices worldwide and nearly 60,000 customers—including 75% of the Fortune 100 and AI-native startups—relying on MongoDB for their most important applications, we’re powering the next era of software.</p>
<p>Our compass at MongoDB is our <a href="https://www.mongodb.com/company">Leadership Commitment,</a> guiding how and why we make decisions, show up for each other, and win. It’s what makes us MongoDB.&nbsp;</p>
<p>To drive the personal growth and business impact of our employees, we’re committed to developing a supportive and enriching culture for everyone. <a href="https://www.mongodb.com/company/blog/culture/employee-benefits-that-make-a-difference-at-mongodb">From employee affinity groups, to fertility assistance and a generous parental leave policy</a>, we value our employees’ wellbeing and want to support them along every step of their professional and personal journeys.<a href="https://www.mongodb.com/blog/channel/culture"> Learn more about what it’s like to work at MongoDB</a>, and help us make an impact on the world!</p>
<p>MongoDB is committed to providing any necessary accommodations for individuals with disabilities within our application and interview process. To request an accommodation due to a disability, please inform your recruiter.</p>
<p>MongoDB is an equal opportunities employer.</p>
<table class="fields">
<tbody>
<tr>
<td>Requisition ID</td>
<td data-provides="requisition\_id">2263158506</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>