<h2><strong>Who we are</strong></h2>
<h3><strong>About Stripe</strong></h3>
<p>Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies—from the world’s largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyone’s reach while doing the most important work of your career.</p>
<h3><strong>About the team</strong></h3>
<p>The GTM Operations team is responsible for overall productivity and effectiveness of the sales organization, partnering closely with the sales team and teams across Stripe to drive initiatives. Within this, the APAC Sales, Strategy &amp; Operations organization is at the forefront of driving revenue and growth. As a trusted business leader our goal is to help users understand Stripe products and integrate them with ease so they can concentrate on what's most important to them: their business. We're known for our product expertise, rigorous thinking, and user-first approach to problem solving. Within Stripe, Sales proudly serves as a critical source of user feedback and market intelligence, with direct influence on Stripe’s product roadmap and growth strategy.&nbsp;</p>
<h3><strong>What you’ll do</strong></h3>
<p>As a Sales Business Partner on our Sales Strategy and Ops team, you will partner senior Sales leadership and the broader Sales team to drive the overall productivity and effectiveness of the org. With&nbsp; focus on Stripe’s India business; responsibilities include resource planning, go-to-market analysis, reporting, quota setting and management, sales process optimization, sales program implementation, sales compensation design and administration. We are looking for a self-starter who has demonstrated success dealing with ambiguity, operating in a high-growth environment, and solving problems with limited oversight. The ideal candidate will have significant experience: (1) scaling a technology sales org, (2) contributing to the growth and development of a sales operations team, and (3) superior communication skills to work across the most senior stakeholders.</p>
<h3><strong>Responsibilities</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Determine go-to-market approaches and structures</li>
<li>Conduct and enable regular business reviews and resource planning</li>
<li>Define, manage and provide insights on key performance metrics</li>
<li>Develop and execute initiatives designed to optimize sales team efficiency and productivity</li>
<li>Create and manage operational processes such as target setting, forecasting, and budgeting</li>
<li>Design workflows and playbooks for sales teams</li>
<li>Oversee implementation of enabling systems and tools, working closely with internal systems teams</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Who you are</strong></h2>
<p>We’re looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred requirements are a bonus, not a requirement.</p>
<h3><strong>Minimum requirements</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>8+ years of sales, strategy and operations experience in a high-tech growth environment, or operational experience in investment banking, management consulting, private equity, venture capital, or business insights / analytics roles</li>
<li>Bachelor's Degree in a related field</li>
<li>Strong analytical skills and a structured approach to solving unique business problems</li>
<li>Experience working with large data sets (e.g., advanced SQL and Excel skills)</li>
<li>An enthusiastic "roll up your sleeves" mentality</li>
<li>Works well under pressure, with a high degree of adaptability and flexibility in a fast paced, rapidly changing environment</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>Preferred requirements</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Prior experience at a growth stage Internet/software company</li>
<li>Prior experience in the payments industry</li>
</ul>