<div class="content-intro"><h2><strong>Ready to redefine what's possible in molecular diagnostics?</strong></h2>
<p>Join a team of brilliant, passionate innovators determined to transform healthcare. At BillionToOne, we've built a category-defining, publicly traded company on Nasdaq where transparency fuels trust, collaboration drives breakthroughs, and every contribution moves the needle on our mission to make life-changing diagnostics accessible to all. We don't just aim for incremental improvements; we build products that are 10x better than anything that exists today.</p>
<p>Our scientists, engineers, sales executives, and visionaries are united by an unwavering commitment to changing the standard of care in prenatal and cancer diagnostics. This is where cutting-edge science meets human compassion, and every innovation you contribute helps remove the fear of the unknown from some of life's most critical medical moments.</p>
<p>If you're driven by purpose, energized by innovation, and ready to help shape the future of precision medicine at scale, this is where you belong.</p></div><p>We are looking for a <strong>Clinical Genomics Scientist, Oncology </strong>to join and support our Clinical Genomics team. You are responsible for helping with day-to-day commercial reporting operations, including variant interpretation and report drafting. Working closely with the clinical genomics team, you will help scale-up our ever growing reporting needs. <strong>This role is a part-time contracting position (10-20 hrs/week) and will report to the Senior Manager, Clinical Genomics, Oncology in a remote-based position. We are looking for someone with long-term engagement interests and able to commit to a minimum of 1 year or longer.</strong><strong><br></strong><br>If you have a strong commitment to improving patient care through clear clinical reporting, have experience in somatic variant interpretation and report drafting, enjoy digging into the technical side of the data alongside bioinformatics, and thrive in a fast-paced entrepreneurial environment, this could be a perfect opportunity for you.</p>
<p><strong>Key Responsibilities</strong>:</p>
<ul>
<li><strong>Somatic variant interpretation and data review</strong>: Perform somatic-based variant interpretation, diving into the literature and databases to classify variants and match treatments for reporting, performing verification as required with BAM file analysis.</li>
<li><strong>Clinical report drafting: </strong>Carefully draft reports for each requisition primarily using in-house reporting API, working closely with the engineering and QA teams on reporting, and the laboratory directors on report language.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Content curation: Contribute to curation of gene-level content such as domain and critical residue curation.</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><strong>Contribute to oncology R&amp;D</strong>: Work closely with the R&amp;D team to help with somatic oncology based projects, providing expertise on variant interpretation, biological pathways/mechanisms, and other gene/variant-level reviews and analyses.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Requirements</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Ph.D. in Human Genetics, M.S. in Genetic Counseling, or related field&nbsp;</li>
<li>2+ years of experience in somatic variant interpretation based on ACMG/AMP guidelines in a clinical setting (alternatively, 1+ years of germline variant interpretation <em>and</em> 1+ years of somatic variant interpretation experience)</li>
<li>Hands-on experience working with human mutation databases (COSMIC, ClinVar, OncoKB), functional annotation sources (dbSNP), and genome browsers (UCSC)</li>
<li>Familiarity with IGV and BAM file analysis and data-minded willingness to learn to use basic bioinformatics tools, with technically minded insights</li>
<li>Knowledge of cancer somatic mutation and signaling pathways (e.g., which mutations have FDA approved drugs, Phase II/III clinical trials, which mutations are considered “hot targets” for drug development, etc.)</li>
<li>Exceptional attention to detail to follow highly detailed SOPs and strong organizational skills to track and manage clinical reporting and product improvement projects</li>
<li>Excellent communication skills and ability to work collaboratively with cross-functional teams</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Ability to work on Saturday and/or Sunday, in addition to hours during the week.</strong></p>
<p><strong>Benefits And Perks:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Working alongside brilliant, kind, passionate and dedicated colleagues, in an empowering environment, toward a global vision, striving for a future in which transformative molecular diagnostics can help millions of patients</li>
<li>The ability to indirectly or directly change the lives of hundreds of thousands patients</li>
</ul>
<p>For this position, the target hourly rate is: $100/hour.</p>
<p><em>BillionToOne is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.</em></p><div class="content-conclusion"><p>For more information about how we protect your information, we encourage you to review our <a href="https://billiontoone.com/privacy-policy/">Privacy Policy</a>.</p>
<p>BillionToOne is a next-generation molecular diagnostics company on a mission to make powerful, accurate diagnostic tests accessible to everyone. Our revolutionary QCT molecular counting technology enhances disease detection resolution by over a thousandfold using cell-free DNA,a breakthrough that has already transformed the lives of over half a million patients worldwide.</p>
<h3><strong>Our Impact</strong></h3>
<p><a href="https://www.unityscreen.com/"><strong>Unity Complete™</strong></a> is the only non-invasive prenatal screen capable of assessing fetal risk for both common recessive conditions and aneuploidies from a single maternal blood sample. Our <a href="https://www.northstaronc.com/"><strong>Northstar®</strong></a> liquid biopsy test uniquely combines treatment selection with real-time monitoring, giving oncologists unprecedented precision in cancer care.</p>
<h3><strong>Our Growth</strong></h3>
<p>From $0 to $150M+ in Annual Recurring Revenue in just five years. In 2025, we completed one of the most successful IPOs for a medical diagnostics company, building on nearly $400M in private funding,including our $130M Series D in 2024 and backed by world-class investors including Hummingbird, Adams Street Partners, Neuberger Berman, Baillie Gifford, and Premji Invest.</p>
<h3><strong>Our Recognition</strong></h3>
<p>Forbes named us one of <strong>America's Best Startup Employers for 2025</strong> and we're <strong>Great Place to Work certified</strong>, with 100% of our people willing to go the extra mile, even as we've scaled to over 700 employees.</p>
<h3><strong>Our Future</strong></h3>
<p>Headquartered in Menlo Park with facilities in Union City, CA, and a new lab opening in Austin, TX in 2027, we're continuing to push the boundaries of what's possible in molecular diagnostics. We're just getting started.</p>
<hr>
<p>Ready to help us change the world, one molecule at a time? Learn more at<a href="https://www.billiontoone.com"> billiontoone.com</a></p></div>