## Your mission

<p><strong>Who we are</strong></p><p>Established in 2014, Ultralytics boasts a global presence with over 100,000 organizations worldwide using Ultralytics YOLO. At Ultralytics, we commit to the relentless innovation in the AI space and seek team members who resonate with our ambition to democratize the power of AI and make it accessible and available to all. </p><p>Our vision is to create a future where every person, regardless of means or background, has equal access to transformative AI, enabling them to seize opportunities and shape their own path. Aware that our time is finite, we strive to make a lasting impact that benefits future generations.</p><strong>How we work</strong><br><br><p>At Ultralytics, we thrive on an exciting, fast-paced journey of innovation and excellence. Our high standards inspire a level of commitment that often extends beyond the typical workday, including occasional evenings and weekends. This role is designed for extraordinary individuals who are passionate about making an impact in a dynamic start up environment and ready to contribute their best to drive our ambitious vision forward. If you’re eager to push boundaries and be at the forefront of AI advancement, we’d love to connect with you.</p><p><strong>What you'll do</strong><br><br>We are looking for a talented Graphic Designer to join Ultralytics and bring our visual identity to life across multiple channels. In this role, you’ll create compelling designs for marketing materials including merchandise, booth displays, social media assets, and more. Your work will directly contribute to the company's online and offline brand presence in AI, computer vision, and open-source communities.<br><br><strong>Key responsibilities include:</strong></p><p><strong>Design creation</strong>: Develop high-quality graphics for a wide range of marketing materials, including flyers, merchandise, booth displays, and digital content.</p><p><strong>Branding</strong>: Ensure all visual assets align with Ultralytics’ branding guidelines and contribute to building a cohesive, recognizable brand identity. Consistency is key. </p><p><strong>Social media assets</strong>: Create visually engaging content and campaigns for Ultralytics’ social media channels such as LinkedIn, TikTok, YouTube, and X, that drive engagement and support product and feature launches and company updates.</p><p><strong>Collaboration</strong>: Work closely with the marketing and product teams to produce visuals that align with campaign strategies and product messaging.</p><p><strong>Event support</strong>: Design materials for trade shows, events, and conferences, including booth displays, banners, and promotional items.</p><p><strong>Merchandise</strong>: Collaborate with vendors/agencies to design and product branded merchandise that resonates with our target audience.</p><p><strong>Innovation</strong>: Stay up-to-date with the latest design trends and bring fresh, creative ideas to the team.</p><p><strong>Feedback &amp; iteration</strong>: Take feedback on designs and iterate quickly, ensuring high-quality outputs within tight timelines.</p>

## Your profile

<p><strong>Preferred skill set:</strong></p><ul><li><p>5+ years in Graphic Design experience, ideally within tech or SaaS</p></li><li><p>Exceptional writing and editing capabilities</p></li><li><p>Strong aesthetic sense for visual content</p></li></ul><p><strong>“Nice to Have” </strong></p><ul><li><p>Familiarity with Adobe Creative Suite, Canva, Photoshop and Figma</p></li><li><p>Background in digital marketing</p></li><li><p>Knowledge of AI and computer vision technologies</p></li></ul>

## Why us?

<p><strong>Why</strong><strong> join us</strong></p><strong>Cutting-Edge AI computer vision technology:</strong> contribute to building cutting edge computer vision AI models based on the YOLO framework.<br><strong>Impactful work</strong>: Shape the future of AI-powered solutions that transform industries.<br><strong>Collaborative culture:</strong> Join a talented and passionate team that values open communication and innovation.<br><br><strong>Compensation and benefits</strong><ul><li>Competitive salary, depending on experience and location</li><li>Time Off: 24 days paid vacation, your birthday off, plus local holidays</li><li>Home set up Allowance ($550)</li><li>A MacBook Air as your work device</li><li>Flexible work environment with hybrid and remote options</li><li>The candidate must be eligible to work as an independent contractor in their home country (handbook for more detail)</li></ul><strong>Ultralytics Handbook</strong><br><p>Comprehensive guide to our company’s mission, vision, values, and operational practices. This <a href="https://handbook.ultralytics.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer noopener">handbook</a> is designed to provide key insights and resources for our (future) team members, collaborators, and community to align with Ultralytics' core principles.</p><p>If you’re passionate about redefining the boundaries of AI and eager to make a significant impact through Design, <a href="https://ultralytics.com/">Ultralytics</a> is the place for you.</p><p>Come join us, and let's build something amazing together!</p><span style="font-size:11px;"><em>Ultralytics is an equal opportunity employer and are committed to building an inclusive workplace. We believe that everyone should be able to bring their whole selves to work, and we do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, veteran status, disability or any other legally protected status.</em></span>