<div class="content-intro"><p><strong>Secure Every Identity, from AI to Human<br><br></strong>Identity is the key to unlocking the potential of AI. Okta secures AI by building the trusted, neutral infrastructure that enables organizations to safely embrace this new era. This work requires a relentless drive to solve complex challenges with real-world stakes. We are looking for builders and owners who operate with speed and urgency and execute with excellence.<br><br>This is an opportunity to do career-defining work. We're all in on this mission. If you are too, let's talk.</p></div><p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>Okta is The World’s Identity Company. We free everyone to safely use any technology—anywhere, on any device or app. Our Workforce and Customer Identity Clouds enable secure yet flexible access, authentication, and automation that transforms how people move through the digital world, putting Identity at the heart of business security and growth.&nbsp;</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>At Okta, we celebrate a variety of perspectives and experiences. We are not looking for someone who checks every single box - we’re looking for lifelong learners and people who can make us better with their unique experiences.&nbsp;</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>Join our team! We’re building a world where Identity belongs to you.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>The Buying Programs Strategy &amp; Operations Team</strong></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>Okta’s Buying Programs Strategy &amp; Operations team is responsible for closing complex commercial contracts by providing Sales teams with business process and policy insights, as well as strategic and operational support.&nbsp;</p>
<p>The team sits within the broader Go-To-Market Strategy and Operations organization, which drives strategy through execution for Okta’s durable growth. As a member of GTM S&amp;O, you will have the opportunity to learn about and contribute to Okta's business from all angles, including standardizing policies and systems to scale operations as well as collaborating with product teams to roll out new offerings.</p>
<p><strong>The </strong><strong>Manager, Deal Strategy Opportunity</strong></p>
<p>In this role, your primary function will be to strategically and effectively model and structure non-standard proposals and contracts that mutually benefit Okta and its Customers in EMEA. You will be well-positioned as the “pulse” of the business and strategic adviser to the Sales organization. If you have a successful track record of thriving in ambiguity within a rapidly growing environment and solving complex problems, this is your role.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>What you’ll be doing&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p><strong>Serve as an expert on deal structuring, pricing, commercial terms, processes, and policies</strong><strong>Ensure all non-standard commercial terms are reviewed, approved, and documented correctly in accordance with Revenue Operations requirements</strong><strong>Strategize with Sales and internal stakeholders, including Accounting, Revenue Operations, Legal, Compliance, and Product to structure and position complex deals</strong><strong>Provide Revenue Operations and Accounting teams with context and clarification on complex deal structures and metric treatment related to booking, invoicing, internal reporting, etc.</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Collaborate with and provide guidance and deal insights to cross-functional teams to drive change and proactively design solutions to solve complex problems</li>
<li>Maintain a holistic view of a deal during contract negotiations; driving internal stakeholder discussions and resolution on customer concerns or key business issues that arise during negotiation</li>
<li>Build scalable and efficient processes to operationalize excellence to ensure timely and accurate closure of deals</li>
<li>Identify deal trends and develop and implement best practices with a data-driven mentality</li>
<li>Partner with sales leadership to identify areas of opportunity and provide detailed insights into the business</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>What you’ll bring to the role</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Minimum 5 years of Sales support experience in the technology industry with at least 3 years experience in a Deal Desk role</li>
<li>A willingness to enforce deal governance and compliance policies with a thorough understanding of the SaaS revenue model and reporting&nbsp;</li>
<li>Demonstrated project management experience or participation in process improvement efforts</li>
<li>Excellent communication skills, written &amp; verbal, with the ability to explain complex concepts clearly and effectively across all levels of the organization</li>
<li>Proven performance in negotiating and closing large enterprise SaaS agreements&nbsp;</li>
<li>Aptitude in prioritizing, maintaining attention to detail, and producing timely and quality work under high pressure and tight deadlines with the capacity to lead and engage in multiple initiatives at the same time</li>
<li>Strong research, analytical, and problem-solving competencies with a growth mindset</li>
<li>Proficiency in Salesforce and Google Workspace is required with intermediate knowledge of Excel and Tableau preferred</li>
</ul>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">#LI-Hybrid</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">#LI-IGP12079</span></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p><div class="content-pay-transparency"><div class="pay-input"><div class="description"><p><span data-sheets-root="1">Below is the annual salary range for candidates located in Ireland. Your actual salary will depend on factors such as your skills, qualifications, and experience. In addition, Okta offers equity (where applicable), bonus, and comprehensive healthcare coverage and financial benefits including paid time off and parental leave in accordance with our applicable plans and policies. To learn more about our Total Rewards program, please visit: https://rewards.okta.com/irl.<br></span></p></div><div class="title">The annual base salary range for this position for candidates located in Ireland is between:</div><div class="pay-range"><span>€78.000</span><span class="divider">&mdash;</span><span>€107.800 EUR</span></div></div></div><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong><br>The Okta Experience</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><a href="http://rewards.okta.com">Supporting Your Well-Being</a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="https://www.okta.com/company/okta-for-good/">Driving Social Impact&nbsp;</a></li>
<li><a href="https://www.okta.com/company/talent-connection-community/">Developing Talent and Fostering Connection + Community</a></li>
</ul>
<p>We are intentional about connection. Our global community, spanning over 20 offices worldwide, is united by a drive to innovate. Your journey begins with an immersive, in-person onboarding experience designed to accelerate your impact and connect you to our mission and team from day one.<br><br>Okta is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, marital status, age, physical or mental disability, or status as a protected veteran. We also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and convictions records, consistent with applicable laws.<br><br>If reasonable accommodation is needed to complete any part of the job application, interview process, or onboarding please&nbsp;<a href="https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1EfiEYZrIyhA2X4Fijk0R3RKYOzNoS3wtvyM4nhbZnXE/edit">use this Form</a> to request an accommodation.<br><br>Notice for New York City Applicants &amp; Employees: Okta may use Automated Employment Decision Tools (AEDT), as defined by New York City Local Law 144, that use artificial intelligence, machine learning, or other automated processes to assist in our recruitment and hiring process. In accordance with NYC Local Law 144, if you are an applicant or employee residing in New York City, please&nbsp;<a href="https://talent.okta.com/new-york-city-aedt-notice.html">click here</a> to view our full NYC AEDT Notice.<br><br>Okta is committed to complying with applicable data privacy and security laws and regulations. For more information, please see our Personnel and Job Candidate Privacy Notice at&nbsp;<a href="https://www.okta.com/legal/personnel-policy/">https://www.okta.com/legal/personnel-policy/</a>.</p></div>