<p><strong>Overview</strong></p>
<p>Liquibase is the leader in the database release automation segment of the DevOps market. Downloaded more than 75 million times, the open-source software enables DevOps teams around the globe to accelerate the software delivery process by automating database updates.&nbsp;</p>
<p>At Liquibase, you can expect to revel in high growth across the board — in the number of customers we support, in the experiments we run, in the scope and complexity of our technical projects, and the list goes on.</p>
<p>Liquibase is hiring a Senior Enterprise Account Executive (located in either the United States or the EMEA area) to enhance our enterprise database change management product. The ideal candidate has experience in the DevOps realm and a passion for creatively selling our products and maintaining/expanding the customer base. They are excited to work alongside developers to build, improve, and deliver significant product enhancements that solve challenging problems in the database DevOps &amp; CI/CD space.</p>
<p><strong>What you’ll be doing:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Solving an interesting problem, and working cross-functionally to build value above the community solution</li>
<li>Opportunity creation &amp; pipeline management</li>
<li>Development and execution of territory plan</li>
<li>Management of opportunities and sales process</li>
<li>Relationship development with technical and executive-level contacts in Fortune 500 customers &amp; prospects</li>
<li>Negotiation and closing of new customer contracts</li>
<li>Revenue forecasting</li>
<li>Quota attainment for assigned territory</li>
<li>Maintaining customer, pipeline, and deal information in HubSpot</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Must Haves:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Minimum 5-7 years enterprise software sales experience</li>
<li>Proven ability to manage complex sales cycles</li>
<li>Experience selling to CSO, CIO, CISO, VP Platform Engineering, Head of DevOps, Head of Data, and Platform buyers</li>
<li>Experience selling in the DevOps/Database/Security space</li>
<li>Successful track record of sustained achievement of sales targets</li>
<li>Successful opportunity management selling disruptive and transformative software</li>
<li>Successful track record of executive level (VP and C suite) relationship development</li>
<li>Excellent communication skills both written and verbal</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Nice to Haves:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Experience selling an Open Source Solution</li>
<li>Bachelor’s degree</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Perks of life at Liquibase:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Remote First culture, potential for company-wide in-person gatherings</li>
<li>Home office allowance for remote workers</li>
<li>Meaningful equity</li>
<li>Comprehensive health, vision, and dental benefits - country dependent</li>
<li>Generous paid time off and paid holidays</li>
<li>401k match program (US-Based employees)</li>
<li>No punks, no jerks culture</li>
<li>Growth opportunities and ability to move up within the company</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>We take pride in:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>A transparent and collaborative team environment. We value multiple perspectives and fresh thinking.</li>
<li>Our entrepreneurial culture. We provide every employee the opportunity to make a meaningful impact.</li>
<li>Providing the opportunity to work with new technologies and learn from experienced professionals.</li>
<li>How organizations, large and small, use DevOps to drive developer agility and accelerate software delivery.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Company Overview - We are Liquibase</strong></p>
<p>A career at Liquibase means joining a quickly growing company on the front lines of the DevOps space. Our vision is to be the easiest, safest, and most powerful community-led database change management solution. As companies of all sizes continue to adopt an agile methodology and DevOps practices, there is a growing realization that the database needs to be considered as part of this innovation process.&nbsp;</p>
<p>At Liquibase, we foster a culture rooted in the open-source values of freedom, choice, transparency, and meritocracy. These are not just fashion labels here, but sincere convictions, and you’ll see that reflected in the way we operate daily. We’re caffeinated, collaborative &amp; confident experts, eager to solve the most challenging database CI/CD problems for our customers.</p>
<p>Want to help the software world move faster? You’ve found the right place.</p>
<p><em>Eligible candidates may be subject to criminal history and credit checks, which will be conducted and used in accordance with applicable local, state, and federal laws</em></p>