<div class="content-intro"><p>Figma is growing our team of passionate creatives and builders on a mission to make design accessible to all. Figma’s platform helps teams bring ideas to life—whether you're brainstorming, creating a prototype, translating designs into code, or iterating with AI. From idea to product, Figma empowers teams to streamline workflows, move faster, and work together in real time from anywhere in the world. If you're excited to shape the future of design and collaboration, join us!</p></div><p>At Figma, our Solutions Consulting team bridges technical expertise with business context to help customers realize what’s possible with our platform. As a Solutions Consultant supporting Japan accounts, you’ll partner with Sales and cross-functional teams to craft and deliver consultative strategies that showcase Figma’s value. You’ll lead technical discussions, demos, and solution design to help customers achieve their goals and transform how they build products, playing a key role in driving revenue and growth as Figma continues to innovate.</p>
<p>This is a full-time, hybrid role based out of our Tokyo Hub.&nbsp;</p>
<h4><strong>What you'll do at Figma:</strong></h4>
<ul>
<li>Paint the vision of the Figma Platform and guide customers in realizing the value through product demonstrations and presentations</li>
<li>Support the Sales team by addressing Figma platform questions and showcasing how Figma accelerates digital product delivery to prospective customers (pre-sales) and existing customers (post-sales)</li>
<li>Own the customer IT and Security relationship during the deal cycle by addressing security questionnaires, RFIs, RFPs, identity and enterprise questions</li>
<li>Collaborate with Product and Support to identify opportunities for enhancing account security through new product features and help influence the product roadmap</li>
<li>Design and scale technical sales efforts, facilitating conversations and connections between our customers, sales and product teams</li>
<li>Create thoughtful content to delight customers and internal partners surrounding the Figma platform</li>
<li>Collaborate with amazing Figmates to hone your craft and execute daily. We are looking for fantastic life-long learners who can operate with autonomy</li>
</ul>
<h4><strong>We’d love to hear from you if you have:</strong></h4>
<ul>
<li>8+ years professional experience&nbsp;</li>
<li>4+ years of sales engineering or solution consulting experience in a SaaS organization</li>
<li>Demonstrated ability to adapt to new technologies and learn quickly</li>
<li>Responsible for positioning technology presales, successfully establishing success criteria and leading evaluations</li>
<li>Familiarity with the enterprise SaaS ecosystem, front end development and product lifecycle experience.</li>
<li>Native-level Japanese &amp; High-Fluency in English</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>While not required, it’s an added plus if you also have:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Experience using or working with Figma, or building design systems</li>
<li>You embody our values and can thrive in a constantly evolving and growing environment</li>
<li>Front end development and developer lifecycle experience</li>
</ul>
<p>At Figma, one of our values is Grow as you go. We believe in hiring smart, curious people who are excited to learn and develop their skills. If you’re excited about this role but your past experience doesn’t align perfectly with the points outlined in the job description, we encourage you to apply anyways. You may be just the right candidate for this or other roles.</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p>At Figma we celebrate and support our differences. We know employing a team rich in diverse thoughts, experiences, and opinions allows our employees, our product and our community to flourish. Figma is an <a href="https://www.eeoc.gov/sites/default/files/2022-10/EEOC\_KnowYourRights\_screen\_reader\_10\_20.pdf">equal opportunity workplace</a> - we are dedicated to equal employment opportunities regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity/expression, veteran status<strong>, </strong>or any other characteristic protected by law. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements.</p>
<p>We will work to ensure individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to apply for a role, participate in the interview process, perform essential job functions, and receive other benefits and privileges of employment. If you require accommodation, please reach out to <a href="mailto:accommodations-ext@figma.com">accommodations-ext@figma.com</a>. These modifications enable an individual with a disability to have an equal opportunity not only to get a job, but successfully perform their job tasks to the same extent as people without disabilities.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Examples of accommodations include but are not limited to:&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>Holding interviews in an accessible location</li>
<li>Enabling closed captioning on video conferencing</li>
<li>Ensuring all written communication be compatible with screen readers</li>
<li>Changing the mode or format of interviews&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p>To ensure the integrity of our hiring process and facilitate a more personal connection, we require all candidates keep their cameras on during video interviews. Additionally, if hired you will be required to attend in person onboarding.</p>
<p>By applying for this job, the candidate acknowledges and agrees that any personal data contained in their application or supporting materials will be processed in accordance with <a class="c-link c-link--underline" href="https://www.figma.com/legal/candidate-privacy-notice/" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://www.figma.com/legal/candidate-privacy-notice/" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">Figma's Candidate Privacy Notice</a>.</p></div>