<h2 style="text-align: center;" data-start="241" data-end="277"><strong data-start="241" data-end="277">AI Trainer – Psychologists</strong></h2>
<h3 style="text-align: center;" data-start="281" data-end="299"><em><strong data-start="281" data-end="299">About Prolific</strong></em></h3>
<p data-start="218" data-end="341">Prolific is not just another player in the AI space – we are building the biggest pool of quality human data in the world.</p>
<p data-start="343" data-end="516">Over 35,000 AI developers, researchers, and organizations use Prolific to gather data from paid study participants with a wide variety of experiences, knowledge, and skills.</p>
<h3 style="text-align: center;" data-start="603" data-end="615"><em><strong data-start="603" data-end="615">The role</strong></em></h3>
<p data-start="534" data-end="996">We’re looking for people with Psychology experience to work as self-employed AI Trainers to help train and evaluate cutting-edge AI models from some of the world’s biggest AI labs. If you have the necessary experience, we’ll send you a quick 10- to 15-minute test to assess your skills and suitability for AI tasks. If successful, you’ll be invited to join Prolific as a Domain Expert participant, where you’ll get paid to train and evaluate powerful AI models.</p>
<p data-start="1000" data-end="1231">Researchers looking for your skills tend to pay up to £50/hr subject to the length of tasks available. If successful, you must be prepared to complete paid tasks that require one hour of uninterrupted work, though many are shorter.</p>
<h3 style="text-align: center;" data-start="1326" data-end="1648"><em><strong data-start="1326" data-end="1362">What you’ll be doing in the role</strong></em></h3>
<p style="text-align: left;" data-start="1326" data-end="1648"><br data-start="1362" data-end="1366">Completing AI training tasks such as analyzing, editing, and writing psychology-related content<br data-start="1370" data-end="1373">Judging the performance of AI on psychology, behavioural science, and human cognition prompts<br data-start="1466" data-end="1469">Improving cutting-edge AI models using your understanding of psychological theory and human behaviour</p>
<h3 style="text-align: center;" data-start="1652" data-end="2197"><em><strong data-start="1652" data-end="1673">What you’ll bring</strong></em></h3>
<p data-start="1652" data-end="2197"><br data-start="1673" data-end="1676">Background in Psychology and ideally a degree in Psychology or a closely related field<br data-start="1686" data-end="1689">A solid understanding of psychological theory, research methods, and human behaviour<br data-start="1773" data-end="1776">A willingness to take our skills verification test to assess your suitability for our Domain Expert participant pool<br data-start="1892" data-end="1895">Strong attention to detail and the ability to concentrate on complex tasks for up to one hour at a time<br data-start="1998" data-end="2001">A reliable and fast internet connection and access to a computer<br data-start="2065" data-end="2068">A Paypal account to receive payment from our clients\*</p>
<h3 style="text-align: center;" data-start="2201" data-end="2276"><em><strong data-start="2201" data-end="2276">Why Prolific is a great platform to join as a Domain Expert participant</strong></em></h3>
<p data-start="2278" data-end="2557">Joining our platform as a Prolific participant will give you the chance to influence the AI models of the future. Once you pass our assessment, you can join Prolific in just 15 minutes, and start enjoying competitive pay rates, flexible hours, and the ability to work from home.</p>
<p data-start="2559" data-end="2851">We've built a unique platform that connects researchers and companies with a global pool of participants, enabling the collection of high-quality, ethically sourced human behavioural data and feedback. This data is the cornerstone of developing more accurate, nuanced, and aligned AI systems.</p>
<p data-start="2853" data-end="3226">We believe that the next leap in AI capabilities won't come solely from scaling existing models, but from integrating diverse human perspectives and behaviours into AI development. By providing this crucial human data infrastructure, Prolific is positioning itself at the forefront of the next wave of AI innovation – one that reflects the breadth and the best of humanity.</p>
<p data-start="3230" data-end="3566">\*Participants are self-employed and need to declare earnings to their respective tax authorities. Prolific has no liability for any tax obligations or reporting requirements resulting from compensation received through this platform. Each participant is solely responsible for compliance with applicable tax laws in their jurisdiction.</p>
<p style="text-align: center;" data-start="3570" data-end="3611"><strong data-start="3570" data-end="3611">Links to more information on Prolific</strong></p>
<p style="text-align: center;" data-start="3613" data-end="3621"><a href="https://www.prolific.com/">Website</a></p>
<p style="text-align: center;" data-start="3623" data-end="3631"><a href="https://www.youtube.com/@JoinProlific">Youtube</a></p>
<p style="text-align: center;" data-start="3633" data-end="3650">Privacy Statement</p>
<p style="text-align: center;" data-start="3654" data-end="4071">By submitting your application, you agree that Prolific may collect your personal data for recruiting and global organisation planning. Prolific's <a href="https://www.notion.so/prolific/Policy-Privacy-Notice-for-Candidates-f94a136a67544388b4888bc436451b57">Candidate Privacy Notice </a>explains what personal information Prolific may process, where Prolific may process your personal information, its purposes for processing your personal information, and the rights you can exercise over Prolific use of your personal information.</p>