<p><strong>About AlphaSights:</strong></p>
<p>We bring together some of the most ambitious people from around the globe to work with the leading investment funds, strategy consultancies and Fortune 500 companies. Together, we help our clients access expert knowledge, elevate their decision-making and drive progress by connecting them with niche experts across the world.</p>
<p>Founded in 2008, our journey has been nothing short of extraordinary. With 2000 professionals in nine cities worldwide, we’ve firmly earned our place as a leader in our market and one of the fastest-growing companies in the world. Our relentless pursuit of excellence means we only hire the best and brightest graduates to help us reach new heights.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>The Role:</strong></p>
<p>As an Analyst on the Surveys team, you will play a key role in enabling AlphaSights’ clients to collect expert insights via online, programmed surveys. You will be instrumental in driving the growth of the Surveys business at AlphaSights by training, and providing technical expertise, to team members and improving internal capabilities. This is a chance to utilise and develop your skills in problem solving, analysis and communication to help AlphaSights’ survey project managers solve client pain points and unlock advanced survey capabilities. You will be based in London and will also support global Surveys teams.&nbsp;</p>
<p>This is an excellent opportunity for motivated and hardworking professionals, who want to develop a highly transferable skill set in a client-centric environment.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>What you’ll do:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><strong>Quality control: </strong>Apply meticulous attention to detail to review surveys, ensuring they will capture valuable insights for our clients</li>
<li><strong>Support live client requests</strong>: Across all parts of the business, including at leading investment firms, corporations, and consulting firms to provide technical support as needed</li>
<li><strong>Data analysis &amp; visualization: </strong>Help build tools and workflows to enable our clients to draw valuable insights from survey data</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Training: Own technical training for the team, upskilling team members on best practices across survey programming, quality control and visualisation&nbsp;</strong><strong>Advance survey capabilities: Own process improvement across all technical aspects of survey delivery, including survey authoring, programming and reporting. Working closely with Global Survey team leadership and product team&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p><strong>Who you are:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><strong>Entry-level role</strong>: 0-2 years of working experience. Relevant work/internship in a technical role in a business context, is preferred</li>
<li><strong>Excellent analytical and quantitative skills:</strong> You enjoy technical challenges and have an innate desire to solve business problems analytically; also evidenced by holding a 2:1 or above</li>
<li><strong>Great problem solver: </strong>You have an aptitude for solving complex and unstructured problems</li>
<li><strong>Comfortable with ambiguity and high level of autonomy: </strong>You’re able to context switch effectively between various responsibilities and stakeholders, and can drive forward your work independently. This is a new role and will require a proactive and autonomous mindset</li>
<li><strong>Highly driven and proactive:</strong> You have excellent planning and organisation, can meet tight deadlines and prioritise ever-changing workloads in a fast-paced environment</li>
<li><strong>Effective communicator</strong>: You have excellent written, verbal, presentation and interpersonal skills; can clearly articulate your points and absorb feedback from both technical and non-technical stakeholders. You are patient, and enjoy teaching others</li>
<li><strong>Meticulous:</strong> You hold yourself to high standards, have obsessive attention to detail and take a methodical approach to work</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Technical skills:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Proficiency in Excel and PowerPoint</li>
<li>Familiarity with coding (SQL, Python, R, VBA etc.) is a plus</li>
<li>Familiarity with survey platforms (Decipher, Qualtrics, etc.) is a plus</li>
<li>Experience with multiple reporting mediums (Periscope, Tableau etc.) is a plus</li>
<li>Must pass a quantitative based test for application to be progressed</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Compensation and benefits:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Total first-year compensation is £40,000\*</li>
<li>4% matched pension contribution on qualified earnings</li>
<li>Comprehensive private health insurance coverage and dental insurance</li>
<li>25 vacation days, 8 bank holidays</li>
<li>Office based role (4:1 working model)</li>
<li>State-of-the-art office with amenities in the City of London</li>
</ul>
<p><em>\*Annual base salary shall increase to £41,500 after July 2026.</em></p>
<p><em>AlphaSights is an equal opportunity employer.</em></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><em>#LI-PS1</em></p>