<div class="content-intro"><p><strong data-stringify-type="bold">Why work at Nebius<br></strong>Nebius is leading a new era in cloud computing to serve the global AI economy. We create the tools and resources our customers need to solve real-world challenges and transform industries, without massive infrastructure costs or the need to build large in-house AI/ML teams. Our employees work at the cutting edge of AI cloud infrastructure alongside some of the most experienced and innovative leaders and engineers in the field.</p>
<p><strong>Where we work<br></strong>Headquartered in Amsterdam and listed on Nasdaq, Nebius has a global footprint with R&amp;D hubs across Europe, North America, and Israel. The team of over 1400 employees includes more than 400 highly skilled engineers with deep expertise across hardware and software engineering, as well as an in-house AI R&amp;D team.</p></div><p><strong>The role</strong></p>
<p>We are looking to hire a Senior Technical Project Manager to join our Dev Tools and Observability teams in Amsterdam or remote. Dev Tools team handle everything from the moment a developer starts writing code on their laptop to the moment the application is deployed in k8s or any other orchestrator. Observability Platform is a tool that unifies logs, metrics, traces, and many other services into a single ecosystem, which helps monitor the performance and health of applications. The impact on this position has high implications across various products.</p>
<p>The scope is - set up feedback loops from engineering teams, drive AI-related experiments, and help bring our planning and processes to a more mature level. This is a hands-on role: less reporting, more structuring, pushing things forward, and making results comparable.<br><br></p>
<p><strong>Requirements:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>5+ years as a TPM on cross-team initiatives or as an engineering manager/director. A few years as SWE is a plus.</li>
<li>Strong technical background (architecture, infra, CI/CD, o11y basics).</li>
<li>Excellent communicator, both spoken and written.</li>
<li>Experience running cross-team work where no one has formal authority over everyone.</li>
<li>Analytical approach to data and survey results.</li>
<li>Experience with planning tools and willingness to adjust them.</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>What we offer</strong>&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>Competitive salary and comprehensive benefits package.</li>
<li>Opportunities for professional growth within Nebius.</li>
<li>Flexible working arrangements.</li>
<li>A dynamic and collaborative work environment that values initiative and innovation.</li>
</ul>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">We’re growing and expanding our products every day. If you’re up to the challenge and are excited about AI and ML as much as we are, join us!</span></p></div>