<div class="content-intro"><p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Every day, tens of millions of people come to Roblox to explore, create, play, learn, and connect with friends in 3D immersive digital experiences– all created by our global community of developers and creators.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">At Roblox, we’re building the tools and platform that empower our community to bring any experience that they can imagine to life. Our vision is to reimagine the way people come together, from anywhere in the world, and on any device.</span><strong> </strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re on a mission to connect a billion people with optimism and civility, and looking for amazing talent to help us get there.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">A career at Roblox means you’ll be working to shape the future of human interaction, solving unique technical challenges at scale, and helping to create safer, more civil shared experiences for everyone.</span></p></div><p>The Trust and Safety Operations team is focused (ok, maybe obsessed) on scaling Roblox’s Operations organization and transforming our customer experience through our multi-year vision and strategy execution.&nbsp;</p>
<p>You will be reporting to the Trust &amp; Safety India Operations Manager. The team provides support to Roblox’s global players, developers, and advertisers. As a Product Support Specialist on our Safety Ops Team, you’ll be focused on Escalations, Product Reliability, Process Improvement and Design along with playing a critical role in managing and resolving escalations and high-impact incidents affecting our Roblox users and platform. You will coordinate across multiple teams to ensure rapid response to minimize the impact on customers and business operations, identifying trends, enhancing support processes, improving agent efficiency, and reducing operational costs while maintaining high reliability and service quality.</p>
<p>Additionally, you will serve as a product expert working closely with the PSM team, providing detailed synthesis of new and existing issues our users experience to prioritize and enable engineering teams to improve the platform.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>You Will:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Coordinate and lead incident response activities for critical and high-severity issues, assemble and manage incident response teams, including representatives from Engineering, Product, and other relevant teams along with assessing incident impact and determining severity levels.</li>
<li>Take ownership of technical escalations and high-priority incidents related to Roblox Trust &amp; Safety Global Scaled Operations, customers, internal escalations, and high priority BPO agent escalations.</li>
<li>Proactively identify opportunities to improve support processes, enhance agent efficiency, reduce operating costs, and improve overall customer satisfaction.</li>
<li>Collaborate with Knowledge Management and Training teams to develop and maintain documentation, training materials, and best practices based on issue trends and resolutions.</li>
<li>Work with Quality Assurance teams to ensure process adherence, identify areas for improvement in support workflows, and implement quality control measures.</li>
<li>Contribute to the successful launch of new support streams and initiatives by providing subject matter expertise and process guidance.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>You Have:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>3+ years of experience in a technical support, product support, or related role. Experience in leveraging SQL or Python to problem solve and dashboard can be a plus.</li>
<li>Strong understanding of customer support principles, methodologies, and best practices.</li>
<li>Excellent analytical, problem-solving, and troubleshooting skills, with the ability to diagnose and resolve complex technical issues.</li>
<li>Strong communication skills, both written and verbal, with the ability to convey technical information clearly and concisely to diverse audiences.</li>
<li>Demonstrated ability to collaborate effectively with cross-functional teams, build relationships, and influence stakeholders.</li>
<li>Experience with data analysis, reporting, and identifying trends to drive process improvements.</li>
<li>Familiarity with support ticketing systems, CRM tools, and other relevant support technologies.</li>
<li>Must be willing to participate in on-call support for incident management issues.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>You Are:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><strong>Innovative: </strong>You proactively identify emerging risks and execute on out of the box ideas to achieve goals.</li>
<li><strong>Analytical:</strong> Excited to investigate large, ambiguous problems, and measure the problems and the solutions.</li>
<li><strong>Proactive Problem Solver</strong>: You anticipate potential problems and take proactive and decisive action to solve them.</li>
<li><strong>Team-oriented: </strong>You lift up your peers and find ways to make the team stronger.</li>
<li><strong>Data-Driven</strong>: Uses data to identify trends, measure results, and drive decision-making</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><p>Roles that are based in an office are onsite Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thursday, with optional presence on Monday and Friday (unless otherwise noted).</p>
<p>Roblox provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any type without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws. Roblox also provides reasonable accommodations to candidates with qualifying disabilities or religious beliefs during the recruiting process.</p>
<p>For US based roles only, please note the Company may not be able to employ candidates for this role who have United States work authorization related to certain U.S. visa categories, or support future H-1B sponsorship at this time.</p></div>