<div class="content-intro"><h3>ABOUT TIDE</h3>
<p>At Tide we help SMEs save time (and money) in the running of their businesses by not only offering business accounts and related banking services, but also a comprehensive set of highly usable and connected administrative solutions from invoicing to accounting.</p>
<p>Tide is transforming the small business banking market with over 1.8 million members globally across the UK, India, Germany and France.</p>
<p>Using advanced technology, all solutions are designed with SMEs in mind. With quick onboarding, low fees and innovative features, we thrive on making data-driven decisions to serve our mission: to help SMEs save both time (and money) so they can get back to doing what they love.</p>
<p><strong>Tide facts:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Tide is available for UK, Indian, German and French SMEs</li>
<li>Over 1.8 million members: 800,000 UK and 1,000,000 in India and growing rapidly</li>
<li>Over $300 million raised in funding</li>
<li>Over 2,500 Tideans globally - we’re diversity champions!</li>
<li>We have offices in Central London, with a member support and technology centre in Sofia, Bulgaria, technology centres in Serbia, Romania, Lithuania and Hyderabad and offices in Gurugram and New Delhi, and in Berlin, Paris and Luxembourg.</li>
</ul></div><p><strong>ABOUT THE TEAM:</strong></p>
<p>The Information Technology (IT) team is the backbone of our organization, ensuring the seamless and secure operation of our technology. Our mission is to empower employees by providing reliable and innovative IT solutions that enable them to achieve their goals efficiently. We are dedicated to maintaining a robust and secure infrastructure, proactively addressing technical challenges, and offering exceptional support to foster a digitally driven and collaborative work environment.</p>
<p>The IT team plays a crucial role in managing our technology infrastructure, from resolving hardware and software issues to overseeing application updates and integrations, and monitoring SaaS applications, web traffic, and access to ensure a secure environment. We are committed to minimizing disruptions and ensuring uninterrupted access to essential resources through proactive support and timely resolutions</p>
<p><strong>ABOUT THE ROLE:</strong></p>
<p>As a IT Workplace Technology Engineer, you will own and evolve our global endpoint and workplace technology ecosystem.This role focuses on delivering a secure, scalable and seamless employee experience by leading the design,deployment and optimization of device management solutions,collaboration platforms and security-integrated tooling.You’ll work at the intersection of IT,Security and Employee experience - ensuring that our digital workplace is secure,efficient, and aligned with Zero Trust principles.</p>
<p><strong>Key Responsibilities:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Lead administration and lifecycle management of MDM platforms including Microsoft Intune and Jamf Pro, supporting macOS, Windows, and mobile environments.</li>
<li>Manage and enhance enterprise collaboration and productivity tools including Google Workspace,Slack &amp; Atlassian suite.</li>
<li>Implement and maintain endpoint security controls such as Device Trust, Network Trust, DLP, CASB, and Secure Web Gateways (SWGs) in close partnership with the InfoSec team.</li>
<li>Own and evolve the corporate wireless network stack, including design, configuration, and optimization of office Wi-Fi environments</li>
<li>Architect and implement automation and configuration management using scripting and Infrastructure as Code (IaC) tools.</li>
<li>Integrate and manage identity and access workflows with platforms such as Okta, enabling secure authentication and context-aware access controls.</li>
<li>Define standards and drive consistency in device provisioning, compliance, patching, and user onboarding/offboarding.</li>
<li>Act as technical lead for workplace IT projects, mentoring team members and serving as the final escalation point for complex endpoint issues.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>What Makes You a Great Fit ?</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Bring 5+ years of experience in workplace IT, MDM and Application administration, and SaaS tooling, with 2+ years in a technical leadership or lead engineer role.</li>
<li>Have deep, hands-on expertise in Google Workspace, Intune, Jamf, and device management for both macOS and Windows.</li>
<li>Understand and have experience implementing Zero Trust principles, including Device Trust, Network Trust, and conditional access.</li>
<li>Are comfortable writing and maintaining PowerShell, Bash, or Python scripts, and using IaC frameworks to scale device and policy management.</li>
<li>Have experience managing on corporate Wi-Fi/networking initiatives in modern office environments</li>
<li>Work well cross-functionally, especially with Security, HR, and IT Operations, and have a strong service mindset.</li>
<li>Thrive in fast-moving environments and enjoy creating reliable, scalable systems that improve user experience and IT efficiency.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p></p>
<div><strong>WHAT YOU’LL GET IN RETURN:</strong></div>
<ul>
<li><strong>Competitive Compensation</strong> -&nbsp; competitive salary and share options</li>
<li><strong>Time Off </strong>– Generous annual leave on top of bank holidays.</li>
<li><strong>Parental Leave</strong> – Paid maternity, paternity, and adoption leave to support your family journey.</li>
<li><strong>Sabbatical </strong>– Extended unpaid and paid leave options after completing milestone years with Tide.</li>
<li><strong>Health Insurance</strong> – Private family insurance with additional OPD coverage and top-up options.</li>
<li><strong>Life &amp; Accident Cover</strong> – Comprehensive accidental and life insurance protection.</li>
<li><strong>Mental Wellbeing</strong> – Access to therapy sessions, courses, meditations, and workshops.</li>
<li><strong>Volunteering &amp; Development Days</strong> – Paid days annually for volunteering or personal growth.</li>
<li><strong>Learning &amp; Development </strong>– Annual budget for books, courses, coaching, and more.</li>
<li><strong>WOO (Work Outside the Office)</strong> – Work from abroad for up to 90 days annually.</li>
<li><strong>Home Office Setup </strong>– Contribution towards setting up your home office</li>
<li><strong>Laptop Ownership</strong> – Keep your old laptop and get a new one when it’s time for a replacement.</li>
<li><strong>Snacks &amp; Meals</strong> – Office perks with snacks, coffee, tea, and lunch (location dependent).</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>TIDEAN WAYS OF WORKING:</strong></h2>
<p>At Tide, we champion a&nbsp;<strong>flexible workplace&nbsp;</strong>model that<strong>&nbsp;</strong>supports both in-person and remote work to cater to the specific needs of our different teams.&nbsp;</p>
<p>While remote work is supported, we believe in the power of face-to-face interactions to foster team spirit and collaboration. Our offices are designed as hubs for innovation and team-building, where we encourage regular in-person gatherings to foster a strong sense of community.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p><div class="content-conclusion"><h3>TIDE IS A PLACE FOR EVERYONE</h3>
<p>At Tide, we believe that we can only succeed if we let our differences enrich our culture. Our Tideans come from a variety of backgrounds and experience levels. We consider everyone irrespective of their ethnicity, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, family or parental status, national origin, veteran, neurodiversity or differently-abled status. We celebrate diversity in our workforce as a cornerstone of our success. Our commitment to a broad spectrum of ideas and backgrounds is what enables us to build products that resonate with our members’ diverse needs and lives.&nbsp;</p>
<p>We are One Team and foster a transparent and inclusive environment, where everyone’s voice is heard.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><em>At Tide, we thrive on diversity, embracing various backgrounds and experiences. We welcome all individuals regardless of ethnicity, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, or disability. Our inclusive culture is key to our success, helping us build products that meet our members' diverse needs. We are One Team, committed to transparency and ensuring everyone’s voice is heard.</em></p>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section">&nbsp;</div>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section"><strong>Disclaimer</strong></div>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section">&nbsp;</div>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section"><em>It has come to our attention that individuals or agencies are falsely claiming to represent Tide and are reaching out to candidates regarding job opportunities. Please be aware that:</em></div>
<ul class="p-rich\_text\_list p-rich\_text\_list\_\_bullet p-rich\_text\_list--nested" data-stringify-type="unordered-list" data-list-tree="true" data-indent="0" data-border="0">
<li style="font-style: italic;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><em>Tide does&nbsp;<strong data-stringify-type="bold">not</strong>&nbsp;charge any fees at any stage of the recruitment process.</em></li>
<li style="font-style: italic;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><em>All official Tide job opportunities are listed exclusively on our&nbsp;<a href="https://www.tide.co/careers/" target="\_blank"><strong data-stringify-type="bold">Careers Page</strong></a>&nbsp;and applications should be submitted through this channel.</em></li>
<li style="font-style: italic;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><em>Communication from Tide will only come from an official&nbsp;<strong data-stringify-type="bold">@tide</strong><strong data-stringify-type="bold">.co</strong>&nbsp;email address.</em></li>
<li style="font-style: italic;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><em>Tide does not work with agencies or recruiters without prior formal engagement, and we do not authorize third parties to make job offers on our behalf.</em></li>
</ul>
<p><em>If you are contacted by anyone misrepresenting Tide or requesting payment, please treat it as fraudulent and report it to us immediately at <a href="mailto:talent@tide.co" target="\_blank">talent@tide.co</a><br>Your safety and trust are important to us, and we are committed to ensuring a fair and transparent recruitment process.</em></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><em><em data-stringify-type="italic">Tide leverages AI to enhance our hiring experience. You can read more about how we use AI in our recruitment process in our <a href="https://assets.ctfassets.net/3h69mkdgxn20/5MFtWSdG8YLKq3jZkK52NY/3f18633073e6cdbd03bba4b9791c64f4/Using\_AI\_throughout\_the\_Hiring\_Process.pdf" target="\_blank">AI Policy</a>.</em></em></p>
<p><em><em data-stringify-type="italic">Your personal data will be processed by Tide for recruitment purposes and in accordance with </em><em data-stringify-type="italic"><a class="c-link" href="https://assets.ctfassets.net/3h69mkdgxn20/4TE0uAE3SXomATDVneocNA/aa31893960b4064dd406ad15d029dcd3/Recruitment\_Privacy\_Notice.pdf" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://assets.ctfassets.net/3h69mkdgxn20/1MYf6q4ZMWugpeaROVETBN/526e9c160a2de03576413c81657c6466/Recruitment\_Privacy\_Notice\_\_Final\_Draft\_\_Sep\_2024\_.pdf" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">Tide's Recruitment Privacy Notice</a></em><em data-stringify-type="italic">.</em></em></p></div>