<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We're enabling high-performing, rock-solid MongoDB deployments on any cloud or platform our customers choose. We want to create the world's best open source analog to MongoDB Altas or Amazon DocumentDB, which can be owned, controlled and operated by end-users on their own multi-cloud or on-premise environments.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Canonical is looking for an experienced Python developer with a background in MongoDB who will help us to build a fully managed MongoDB solution based on Juju. We're aiming to build the most reliable and secure way to deploy and operate MongoDB on machines, VMs, public cloud and Kubernetes. The MongoDB team is small, meaning you will be a key contributor and your work will have a significant impact on the product and the broader ecosystem.</span></p>
<h3><span style="font-weight: 400;">Who you are</span></h3>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">You love technology and working with brilliant people.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">You are an accomplished senior Python programmer that enjoys challenging projects in mission-critical environments.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">You have experience operating and managing MongoDB clusters.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">You are experienced with modern infrastructure deployment automations or with traditional Linux systems administration, operations, and package management.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">You are passionate about quality and automatic testing.</span></li>
</ul>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Work with one of the industry's pioneers in open source with intelligent engineers at every level from engineer to&nbsp; CTO and CEO level. At Canonical we've honed our remote-first culture since 2004, established in the company from the very beginning. Enjoy a competitive salary, the flexibility to work and live where you wish, and the chance to work exclusively on impactful open source projects.</span></p>
<p><em>Canonical is proud to foster a workplace free from discrimination. We truly believe that diversity of experience, perspectives, and background will lead to a better environment for our employees and a better platform for our users and customers. This is something we value deeply and we encourage everyone to come be a part of the world of Ubuntu.</em></p>