<h2>Who we are</h2>
<h3>About Stripe</h3>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies—from the world’s largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyone’s reach while doing the most important work of your career.</span></p>
<h3>About the team</h3>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Stripe was built with simplicity in mind. We strive to deliver frictionless experiences for all of our users, whether they are an Independent Business, Startup, SMB, or Enterprise and our mission is to provide all Stripe Users with the best support experience possible. Today, Stripe handles over a million support cases per year and processes millions of internal transactions.&nbsp; We’re going to achieve excellence by thinking of support in a novel, solution-oriented way, and viewing operations as an integral enabler of all of Stripe’s growth.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Stripe is launching Stripe Delivery Centers - a brand new global team to design, implement and grow Stripe’s operations for the next decade. We are looking for dynamic and curious people that have a passion for solving global user issues, building operations, drive process improvement and want to play a front-line role in building this new operational capability for Stripe and accelerating Stripe’s growth. If you like challenging, scaled problems and are an amazing teammate, we want to hear from you!&nbsp;</span></p>
<h2>What you’ll do</h2>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">The credit risk operations team plays a critical role in ensuring a healthy financial ecosystem for businesses around the world. This team will directly impact the company’s bottom line and growth capabilities by supporting new and emerging businesses. The Credit Operations team is responsible for conducting credit risk assessments, underwriting small and mid-size users, and proposing mitigation strategies that enable Stripe to take smart risks for our users.</span></p>
<h3>Responsibilities</h3>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">&nbsp;</span><span style="font-weight: 400;">Work with merchants, from successful venture-backed startups to well established institutions; evaluating their business models and financial statements</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Help manage Stripe’s portfolio by developing a deep understanding of risk across industries, geographies, and operating models</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Identify differing risks of complex business models and enforce appropriate loss mitigation actions based on your assessment</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Utilize analytics to optimize strategies which can be enforced across Stripe’s portfolio</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Identify risk factors and trends and further report these identifiers to the wider risk team to ensure consistency in partnership</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Identify gaps in current systems, policies and strategies, and recommend enhancements and process improvements</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Have an opportunity to learn how Stripe operates from ground up and make a real impact on the future on organization&nbsp;</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Be a part of building a brand new team and operational culture for Stripe&nbsp;</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Partner with global operations specialists or business process owners to run a critical workflow</span></li>
</ul>
<h2>Who you are</h2>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.</span></p>
<h3>Minimum requirements</h3>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">A minimum of 1+ years of experience with knowledge of commercial credit underwriting, financial risk modeling and cash flow forecasting&nbsp;</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Ability to transform business and financial data into a cohesive narrative that outlines potential credit risks</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Strong knowledge of accounting principles and comfort with evaluating financial statements and business models across a range of industries</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">You excel in analytical thinking and problem solving</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">You have a process-oriented mindset and ability to get things done</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">You enjoy working in an in-office environment with strong cross team collaboration and support</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">You are able to prioritize and enjoy working in a quick-moving environment</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">You are humble and have a proven track record for working well across teams and with external partners</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">You’re willing to work (no more than) one weekend day each month - you’ll receive a weekday off the following week; the SDC operates during daytime hours with shifts from the morning through early evening</span></li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>Preferred qualifications</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Proficiency in SQL or other data analysis tools</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">The ability and desire to challenge the status quo</span></li>
</ul>