<div class="content-intro"><p><strong>Secure Every Identity, from AI to Human<br><br></strong>Identity is the key to unlocking the potential of AI. Okta secures AI by building the trusted, neutral infrastructure that enables organizations to safely embrace this new era. This work requires a relentless drive to solve complex challenges with real-world stakes. We are looking for builders and owners who operate with speed and urgency and execute with excellence.<br><br>This is an opportunity to do career-defining work. We're all in on this mission. If you are too, let's talk.</p></div><p><strong>About Okta: </strong><strong><br></strong>Okta is the leading independent provider of identity for the enterprise. We enable everyone to safely use any technology, anywhere, on any device or app. The Okta Platform and Auth0 Platform enable secure and flexible access, authentication, and automation, transforming people's experience in the digital world and placing identity at the core of business security and growth.</p>
<p>At Okta, we welcome diverse perspectives and experiences. We are not looking for someone who checks every single box. We are looking for lifelong learners and individuals who can make our team better through their unique experiences. Want to join our team? We are building a world where identity belongs to you.</p>
<p>As a Senior Solutions Engineer on the Okta Japan SE team responsible for the Okta Platform, you will serve as a key technical and business advisor to customers and partners. Leveraging your passion for technology and expertise, you will plan, propose, and demonstrate how Okta’s solutions solve critical challenges for customers—ranging from field managers to C-level executives—throughout the entire sales cycle. Ultimately, this role directly contributes to achieving quarterly and annual sales targets in Japan.</p>
<p><strong>What you’ll be doing</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Collaborate with the sales team and related departments, acting as an authority on technology and the identity security domain, to ensure customers fully understand the value and potential of the Okta Platform.</li>
<li>Communicate the value of adopting Okta solutions to customers in various roles—from practitioners and managers to C-level executives—to build trust.</li>
<li>Explain concepts clearly to customers unfamiliar with Okta products or identity technology, while accurately answering questions from knowledgeable customers to establish credibility.</li>
<li>Serve as a primary technical resource, confidently handling product features and detailed technical inquiries from customers, partners, and internal Okta teams.</li>
<li>Promote knowledge sharing and actively enhance the expertise and efficiency of the entire SE team by contributing to and utilizing best practices and reusable assets.</li>
<li>Support customers in executing Proof of Concepts (PoC) and technically demonstrate that adopting Okta’s identity solutions brings value to the customer.</li>
<li>Participate as a presenter or demonstrator in online or offline events aimed at promoting Okta.</li>
<li>Lead less experienced sales representatives and SEs, contributing to the constructive performance improvement of the entire team through appropriate feedback.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>What you’ll bring to the role</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Experience in customer-facing roles as a Pre-sales SE or Technical Sales.</li>
<li>Ability to build and maintain strong relationships of trust with customer technical staff and leaders throughout the sales process.</li>
<li>Native-level Japanese with excellent communication and reading comprehension skills.</li>
<li>Ability to convey questions and opinions in English via email, Slack, or one-on-one conversations.</li>
<li>Joy in spreading solutions that lead the industry and benefit society.</li>
<li>Enjoyment in collaborating with Okta’s expanding partner community in Japan and working with Pre-sales Engineers around the world.</li>
<li>A desire to improve pre-sales skills—not just product or authentication technology knowledge—and aim to become a top-tier Solutions Engineer.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>And extra credit if you have experience in any of the following!</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Pre-sales experience in an organization using sales methodologies such as SPIN, Solution Selling, or MEDDICC.</li>
<li>Experience with Identity &amp; Access Management, Single Sign-On, Security, and API-based solutions.</li>
<li>Experience in the cybersecurity field (specifically design, implementation, or operation of security products/solutions like EDR/XDR, SIEM; or security risk assessment and consulting experience).</li>
<li>Experience using at least one standard network security protocol (OAuth 2.0, OpenID Connect, SAML, LDAP, etc.).</li>
<li>Knowledge/experience with cloud platforms (AWS, GCP, Azure) and tools like Kubernetes, Terraform, or serverless environments.</li>
<li>Understanding of core security in general applications (password hashing, SSL/TLS, EAR, XSS, XSRF).</li>
<li>Experience speaking at technical conferences or webinars, or writing technical blogs.</li>
<li>Experience communicating and working with overseas engineers in English.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>What you can look forward to as an Okta employee</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><a href="https://rewards.okta.com/jpn">Benefits</a></li>
<li><a href="https://www.okta.com/ja-jp/company/okta-for-good/">Social Impact Activities</a></li>
<li><a href="https://www.okta.com/ja-jp/company/talent-connection-community/">Okta’s People, Connections, and Community</a></li>
</ul>
<p>Okta is building a dynamic work environment by providing the best tools, technology, and benefits to help employees work productively in an environment that suits their individual needs. Each organization operates with unique flexibility and mobility so that every employee can be their most creative and successful self, regardless of where they live. Find your place at Okta today! Careers at Okta.</p>
<p>Okta is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, marital status, age, physical or mental disability, or veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records in accordance with applicable laws. If you require reasonable accommodation to participate in the application or interview process, please use this form to apply.</p>
<p>Okta is committed to complying with applicable data privacy and security laws and regulations. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy.</p>
<p>#LI-Hybrid<br>#LI-KH1</p>
<p>P14658\_3317621</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong><br>The Okta Experience</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><a href="http://rewards.okta.com">Supporting Your Well-Being</a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="https://www.okta.com/company/okta-for-good/">Driving Social Impact&nbsp;</a></li>
<li><a href="https://www.okta.com/company/talent-connection-community/">Developing Talent and Fostering Connection + Community</a></li>
</ul>
<p>We are intentional about connection. Our global community, spanning over 20 offices worldwide, is united by a drive to innovate. Your journey begins with an immersive, in-person onboarding experience designed to accelerate your impact and connect you to our mission and team from day one.<br><br>Okta is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, marital status, age, physical or mental disability, or status as a protected veteran. We also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and convictions records, consistent with applicable laws.<br><br>If reasonable accommodation is needed to complete any part of the job application, interview process, or onboarding please&nbsp;<a href="https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1EfiEYZrIyhA2X4Fijk0R3RKYOzNoS3wtvyM4nhbZnXE/edit">use this Form</a> to request an accommodation.<br><br>Notice for New York City Applicants &amp; Employees: Okta may use Automated Employment Decision Tools (AEDT), as defined by New York City Local Law 144, that use artificial intelligence, machine learning, or other automated processes to assist in our recruitment and hiring process. In accordance with NYC Local Law 144, if you are an applicant or employee residing in New York City, please&nbsp;<a href="https://talent.okta.com/new-york-city-aedt-notice.html">click here</a> to view our full NYC AEDT Notice.<br><br>Okta is committed to complying with applicable data privacy and security laws and regulations. For more information, please see our Personnel and Job Candidate Privacy Notice at&nbsp;<a href="https://www.okta.com/legal/personnel-policy/">https://www.okta.com/legal/personnel-policy/</a>.</p></div>