Do you love live events? Do you enjoy solving new and unique problems? Are you comfortable working on early-stage products at scale? The Live Music team is on a mission to build the biggest, most trusted place for live events, and we’re looking for a Product Designer to help shape the future of live event discovery.

Our Product & Design team is focused on defining and delivering the best experiences possible for live music fans and helping artists succeed in a live context. We’re doing this via new in-app experiences to help fans seamlessly learn about live events, tools for artists to engage with their fans, and internal systems for our teams to help maintain content quality. We’re a small team with big ambitions and unique problems to solve, and we’re looking for a Product Designer to join our team to help define and execute features in all three of these areas.

## What You'll Do

- Work on projects across the Spotify’s Live Music products — in-app surfaces, internal systems, artist tooling
- Support product development by utilizing your design craft, through concept sketches, storyboards, product mock-ups, high-fidelity prototypes
- Think big, but start small — identify both new opportunities and also the first step to exploring them
- Work in a variety of modes, from broad explorative prompts to tightly defined launch cycles
- Partner closely with product managers, engineers, data scientists and researchers to uncover problems and define solutions
- Design with focus on inclusivity and accessibility in order to reach users worldwide
- Collaborate with other design teams across Spotify working on app experiences and artist tools

## Who You Are

- You are an established Product Designer with experience owning and driving complex projects
- You have experience designing for either business or consumer-focused products at scale
- You are comfortable collaborating directly with engineers and product managers to define and deliver solutions
- You enjoy crafting in complex and sometimes ambiguous spaces where there is no “paved path”
- You care about design craft and the details that elevate work from good to great
- You understand and can articulate how your work intersects with or augments existing design systems
- You believe in creating a culture of feedback and actively seek out feedback on your work and approaches
- You have 3+ years of relevant design experience

## Where You'll Be

- This role is based in London
- We offer you the flexibility to work where you work best! There will be some in-person meetings, but give you the flexibility to work from home

Spotify is an equal opportunity employer. You are welcome at Spotify for who you are, no matter where you come from, what you look like, or what’s playing in your headphones. Our platform is for everyone, and so is our workplace. The more voices we have represented and amplified in our business, the more we will all thrive, contribute, and be forward-thinking! So bring us your personal experience, your perspectives, and your background. It’s in our differences that we will find the power to keep revolutionizing the way the world listens.

At Spotify, we are passionate about inclusivity and making sure our entire recruitment process is accessible to everyone. We have ways to request reasonable accommodations during the interview process and help assist in what you need. If you need accommodations at any stage of the application or interview process, please let us know - we’re here to support you in any way we can.

Spotify transformed music listening forever when we launched in 2008. Our mission is to unlock the potential of human creativity by giving a million creative artists the opportunity to live off their art and billions of fans the chance to enjoy and be passionate about these creators. Everything we do is driven by our love for music and podcasting. Today, we are the world’s most popular audio streaming subscription service.