<h2><strong>What you’ll do</strong></h2>
<p>Doctolib is looking for a <strong>Terminology project manager </strong>in Germany, to join our Medical Excellence team, and contribute to the delivery of medical initiatives with a direct public health impact. You will be working with our Global Medical Data Program Manager to play a pivotal role in revolutionising healthcare through the power of data. Your expertise and ambition will drive our mission to transform medical data management and interoperability in Germany.</p>
<p>This is a full time position with a one year contract (parental leave replacement).</p>
<p>Your responsibilities include but are not limited to:</p>
<p><strong>1. Ownership of German Medical Terminologies and Datasets</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Deliver adjusted terminologies to support new product launches and features&nbsp;</li>
<li>Build comprehensive terminologies for both patients and healthcare professionals, ensuring unified workflows across our products</li>
<li>Develop tools (python programs and AI prompts) to help you</li>
<li>Collaborate with external medical experts to validate the relevance and usability of chosen terminologies</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>2. Management of terminologies project in coordination with all stakeholders</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Analyse product manager needs</li>
<li>Work closely with Tech teams to understand the technical constraints</li>
<li>Write terminology documentation</li>
<li>Communicate on your work</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Who you are</strong></h2>
<p>Before you read on — if you don't have the exact profile described below, but you feel this job description matches your skill set, we still encourage you to apply.</p>
<p>You could be our next team mate if you have/are:</p>
<ul>
<li><strong>Experience in Data and Interoperability Projects:</strong> experience in data, terminology or interoperability projects in Germany. Whether you are an expert or have a strong project management background, your experience will be invaluable in driving our projects forward.</li>
<li><strong>Experience in the Medical field:</strong> you have a medical background from medical studies or a previous experience in a medical company.</li>
<li><strong>Structured and Analytical Mindset:</strong> You thrive in structured environments and possess a strong analytical mindset. Your ability to break down complex problems and develop effective solutions will be instrumental in ensuring the success of our medical data initiatives.</li>
<li><strong>Detail-Oriented and Inquisitive:</strong> You have a keen eye for detail and enjoy delving deep into topics. Your meticulous approach will ensure the accuracy and quality of our medical data management processes.</li>
<li><strong>Result and Action-Oriented:</strong> You are driven by results and possess strong project management skills. Your ability to set clear goals, prioritize tasks, and drive projects to completion will be essential in achieving our objectives.</li>
<li><strong>User-Centric</strong>: You genuinely care about the end-users of your work. By putting the needs of our users at the forefront, you will contribute to the development of user-centric medical data solutions that enhance the healthcare experience.</li>
<li><strong>Excellent Communication Skills</strong>: Your exceptional communication skills enable you to effectively collaborate with teams from diverse backgrounds, including medical professionals, software developers, and data scientists. You are able to articulate complex technical challenges in simple terms.</li>
<li><strong>Fluent in German and English</strong>: You are fluent in both German and English, enabling you to communicate effortlessly in both languages. Proficiency in Italian or French is a plus, further enhancing your ability to collaborate with a diverse team.</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>What we offer</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Company health insurance through our partner Allianz</li>
<li>Minimum 28 days of paid leave</li>
<li>A subsidized sports program with our partner Urban Sports Club</li>
<li>Parent Care Program: receive one additional month of leave on top of the legal parental leave</li>
<li>Free mental health and coaching services through our partner Moka.care</li>
<li>For caregivers and workers with disabilities, a package including an adaptation of the remote policy, extra days off for medical reasons, and psychological support</li>
<li>A flexible workplace policy offering both hybrid and office-based mode</li>
<li>Work from abroad for up to 10 days per year thanks to our flexibility days policy</li>
<li>Reimbursement of public transportation</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>The interview process&nbsp;</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Interview with Talent</li>
<li>Interview with Hiring Manager</li>
<li>Case Study</li>
<li>Reference check&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Job details</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Fixed term contract (Parental leave replacement)</li>
<li>Full Time</li>
<li>Workplace: Berlin mandatory</li>
<li>Two days home office per week</li>
<li>Start date: June 2026</li>
</ul>
<p><em>At Doctolib, we are committed to improving access to healthcare for everyone. This translates into our recruitment process. We evaluate candidates based solely on qualifications and motivation, without any form of discrimination.</em></p>
<p><em>The more diverse ideas are heard, the more our product will truly improve healthcare for all. You are welcome to apply to Doctolib, regardless of your gender, religion, age, sexual orientation, ethnicity, disability.</em></p>
<p><em>To ensure equal opportunities, we invite you to exclude personal information (e.g. pictures, age) from your applications. If you require any accommodation, please let us know for support during the hiring process.&nbsp;</em></p>
<p><em>Join us in building the healthcare we all dream of!</em></p>
<p><em>All information provided is processed by Doctolib for application management. For data processing details, click here: </em><a href="https://doctolib.legal/B2C-Privacy-Policy-Career-DE"><em>Germany</em></a><em> l </em><a href="https://doctolib.legal/B2C-Privacy-Policy-Career-FR"><em>France</em></a><em> l </em><a href="https://doctolib.legal/B2C-Privacy-Policy-Career-IT"><em>Italy</em></a><em> l </em><a href="https://doctolib.legal/B2C-Privacy-Policy-Career-COM"><em>Netherlands</em></a><em>. Please contact hr.dataprivacy(at)doctolib.com to exercise your rights.</em></p>