<div class="content-intro"><p><strong>Secure Every Identity, from AI to Human<br><br></strong>Identity is the key to unlocking the potential of AI. Okta secures AI by building the trusted, neutral infrastructure that enables organizations to safely embrace this new era. This work requires a relentless drive to solve complex challenges with real-world stakes. We are looking for builders and owners who operate with speed and urgency and execute with excellence.<br><br>This is an opportunity to do career-defining work. We're all in on this mission. If you are too, let's talk.</p></div><div class="p-rich\_text\_section">
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section"><strong data-stringify-type="bold">Get to know Okta<br></strong>Okta is The World’s Identity Company. We free everyone to safely use any technology, anywhere, on any device or app. Our flexible and neutral products, Okta Platform and Auth0 Platform, provide secure access, authentication, and automation, placing identity at the core of business security and growth.<br>At Okta, we celebrate a variety of perspectives and experiences. We are not looking for someone who checks every single box - we’re looking for lifelong learners and people who can make us better with their unique experiences.<br>Join our team! We’re building a world where Identity belongs to you.<br><strong data-stringify-type="bold"><br>Access Essentials - Core Product</strong><br>The Access Management organisation at Okta builds the platform features for authentication and authorization across Okta-protected resources. Our mission is to enable customers to access these resources seamlessly &amp; securely. We develop Okta cloud services and client software that allow users to seamlessly login to devices and use Okta authenticators to access applications securely. The Access Management team is part of Okta R&amp;D Engineering. Learn more about Okta’s Engineering on<a class="c-link" href="https://www.okta.com/blog/category/engineering/" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://www.okta.com/blog/category/engineering/" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">&nbsp;our&nbsp;</a><a class="c-link" href="https://www.okta.com/blog/topic/engineering/" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://www.okta.com/blog/topic/engineering/" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">blog</a>.<br><strong data-stringify-type="bold"><br>About the role</strong><br>We are seeking an Engineering Manager to lead multiple core product areas within the Access Essentials function. This key role involves building and leading a team of talented, passionate backend Java software engineers responsible for developing mission-critical and innovative identity and security products, specifically focusing on platform features for authentication and authorisation. This is an exciting opportunity to grow a team and deliver essential identity and security capabilities on Okta Secure Identity Platform.<strong data-stringify-type="bold">What you’ll be doing</strong>At a high level, you’ll be managing your team’s goals, contributing to product strategy and helping to develop your employees. More specifically, you will -</div>
<ul class="p-rich\_text\_list p-rich\_text\_list\_\_bullet p-rich\_text\_list--nested" data-stringify-type="unordered-list" data-list-tree="true" data-indent="0" data-border="0">
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">Collaborate cross-functionally and across teams, with responsibility for the product, team health, and customer satisfaction.</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">Contribute to defining the strategic direction (product &amp; technical) and roadmap for the team.</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">Ensure technical leadership is being provided to the engineers on the team in terms of scalable and maintainable systems. Ensure a high-quality bar through testing and testing automation.</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">Participate in and enable key team processes to organize &amp; deliver key projects with high business impact.</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">Build a team for the long term, including creating a collaborative working environment, recruitment, and developing existing talent.</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">Drive career management discussions, including setting expectations and removing blockers, and feedback and coaching opportunities.</li>
</ul>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section"><strong data-stringify-type="bold">Required Skills, Attitude and Knowledge:</strong></div>
<ul class="p-rich\_text\_list p-rich\_text\_list\_\_bullet p-rich\_text\_list--nested" data-stringify-type="unordered-list" data-list-tree="true" data-indent="0" data-border="0">
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">3+ years managing engineering teams, balancing new feature/product development and maintaining existing features.</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">Experience in stakeholder management, including alignment, prioritization, communication, and receiving and incorporating feedback.</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">Demonstrated ability to build teams from ground-up, managing performance, mentoring and coaching teams</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">Demonstrated focus on delivering outcomes, balancing constraints and tight deadlines.</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">7-10 years of prior software development experience with Java or other backend technologies. While this role is a people management one, you’ll still need to bring relevant technical experience to ensure sound technical decision-making.</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">Experience and strong opinions on SDLC with testing automation &amp; release orchestration using gating feature flags &amp; configuration mgmt, and CI / CD platforms.</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">Demonstrable knowledge of secure web development fundamentals, fault-tolerant systems, and knowledge of cloud technologies.</li>
</ul>
<p>#LI-Hybrid<br>P24164</p>
</div><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong><br>The Okta Experience</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><a href="http://rewards.okta.com">Supporting Your Well-Being</a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="https://www.okta.com/company/okta-for-good/">Driving Social Impact&nbsp;</a></li>
<li><a href="https://www.okta.com/company/talent-connection-community/">Developing Talent and Fostering Connection + Community</a></li>
</ul>
<p>We are intentional about connection. Our global community, spanning over 20 offices worldwide, is united by a drive to innovate. Your journey begins with an immersive, in-person onboarding experience designed to accelerate your impact and connect you to our mission and team from day one.<br><br>Okta is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, marital status, age, physical or mental disability, or status as a protected veteran. We also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and convictions records, consistent with applicable laws.<br><br>If reasonable accommodation is needed to complete any part of the job application, interview process, or onboarding please&nbsp;<a href="https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1EfiEYZrIyhA2X4Fijk0R3RKYOzNoS3wtvyM4nhbZnXE/edit">use this Form</a> to request an accommodation.<br><br>Notice for New York City Applicants &amp; Employees: Okta may use Automated Employment Decision Tools (AEDT), as defined by New York City Local Law 144, that use artificial intelligence, machine learning, or other automated processes to assist in our recruitment and hiring process. In accordance with NYC Local Law 144, if you are an applicant or employee residing in New York City, please&nbsp;<a href="https://talent.okta.com/new-york-city-aedt-notice.html">click here</a> to view our full NYC AEDT Notice.<br><br>Okta is committed to complying with applicable data privacy and security laws and regulations. For more information, please see our Personnel and Job Candidate Privacy Notice at&nbsp;<a href="https://www.okta.com/legal/personnel-policy/">https://www.okta.com/legal/personnel-policy/</a>.</p></div>