<h2><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;"><strong>The Role</strong></span></h2>
<p><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">At HelloConnect, you will be part of a dynamic team in Inoza tower, BGC that embraces innovation and leverages advanced technology to create exceptional experiences. Our culture is built on collaboration, continuous learning, and a commitment to excellence. You’ll have the opportunity to work on impactful projects, develop your skills, and grow within a supportive environment that values diverse perspectives and experiences.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">In this role, you will take on a key responsibility in leveraging your exceptional product design skills, you'll play a critical role in crafting engaging, intuitive, and delightful online experiences that elevate our brand. You'll be focused on customer satisfaction, driving the continuous growth of our design system, and ensuring that HelloFresh remains at the forefront of design excellence, contributing to our ongoing efforts to drive business success and enhance customer satisfaction.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">We’re looking for passionate individuals who can bring their unique skills and ideas to the table. Even if you don't meet every requirement but believe you’d excel in this role, we’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
<h2><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;"><strong>What you’ll do</strong></span></h2>
<ul>
<li><strong>Design and maintain our Design System libraries,</strong> ensuring they are up-to-date with the latest components, tokens, UX and UI patterns, and meticulously documented. This way, all visual and interactive elements remain consistent and efficient across our platform.</li>
<li><strong>Craft detailed documentation and straightforward guidelines.</strong> Your work will bridge designers and engineers, making it a breeze for them to incorporate our design components and patterns into their projects seamlessly.</li>
<li><strong>Be the beacon for UI excellence. </strong>Your eye for design will refine user interfaces to align flawlessly with the HelloFresh brand, bringing our high standards of user experience to life.</li>
<li><strong>Elevate our design game.</strong> You’ll have a critical eye on our existing designs, pushing for continuous improvement to achieve the pinnacle of usability and visual appeal.</li>
<li><strong>Get technical. </strong>Your ability to capture and translate design into detailed technical specifications will ensure a smooth transition and understanding between design and development teams.</li>
<li><strong>Grow our design system.</strong> You will not only use the existing elements of the HelloFresh design system but also expand it, tailoring it to new design needs and challenges as they arise.</li>
<li><strong>Map out the user journey.</strong> Through wireframes, site maps, and user flows, you’ll clarify and communicate design intentions and workflows, ensuring everyone is on the same page.</li>
<li><strong>Bring designs to life.</strong> Your prototyping skills will create interactive experiences that validate design concepts and refine user flows based on real feedback.</li>
<li><strong>Ensure perfection.</strong> As part of the design QA process, you'll scrutinize the final products to guarantee they meet the highest standards of visual and functional excellence.</li>
</ul>
<h2><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;"><strong>What you’ll bring</strong></span></h2>
<ul>
<li><strong>Experience: </strong>Looking for someone who's got a solid track record as a Product Designer. You should have a great portfolio that shows off your best product design work and some projects you've knocked out of the park.</li>
<li><strong>Technical Skills: </strong>You need to be good with design software like Figma and Adobe Creative Suite, or anything similar. A strong handle on these tools is crucial for this role.</li>
<li><strong>Design Systems: </strong>We need someone who's not just familiar with design systems but can also add their own touch and make them better.</li>
<li><strong>Prototyping: </strong>You should be able to bring ideas to life with interactive prototypes using tools like Figma.</li>
<li><strong>AI Advocate: </strong>Good proficiency in AI UI-building solutions such as V0, Magic Patterns, Figma Make and Cursor.</li>
<li><strong>Documentation: </strong>We love people who are good at mapping out their ideas. So, you should be great at drawing up wireframes, plotting site maps, and planning out user flows. This skill is vital for clear communication of design ideas.</li>
<li><strong>Collaboration:</strong> We’re on the hunt for someone who plays well with others. You need to have excellent communication skills and be ready to join forces with our developers and product managers to create something amazing.</li>
<li><strong>Attention to Detail: </strong>It's all about the little things. We want someone with an eagle eye for details, who takes pride in crafting flawless design solutions.</li>
<li><strong style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">Additional Skills: </strong><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">Possessing strong skills in motion animation is essential, as creating engaging and delightful moments for our users is a key part of delivering an exceptional user experience. This also includes being adept at creating illustrations and icons to keep our visuals fresh and engaging.</span></li>
</ul>
<h2><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;"><strong>What we offer</strong></span></h2>
<ul>
<li style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;"><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;"><strong>Competitive Compensation</strong>: Beyond the standard package, we offer perks like Long Service Benefits (anniversary bonus) to recognize and celebrate your dedication</span></li>
<li style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;"><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;"><strong>Wellness &amp; Perks</strong>: We prioritize your well-being by offering mental health support, HMO medical coverage, generous leave benefits plus life insurance for both you and your family's peace of mind</span></li>
<li style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;"><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;"><strong>Growth Opportunities</strong>: Invest in your personal development with an annual learning &amp; development budget, plus access to the 360 Learning platform</span></li>
<li style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;"><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;"><strong>Dynamic Environment</strong>: Join a rapidly growing global Business Process Outsourcing company, where you'll collaborate with a diverse community spanning across multiple continents and cultures</span></li>
<li style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;"><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;"><strong>Work-Life Balance</strong>: Enjoy a healthy balance between your professional and personal life, with a supportive environment that prioritizes your well-being and personal time</span></li>
</ul>
<h2><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;"><strong>Are you up for the challenge?</strong></span></h2>
<p><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">The first step to your new role starts here. Send in your application, along with your salary expectations and preferred start date. Our dedicated team will thoroughly review your details. We are excited to connect with you soon!&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">#helloconnect<br>#LI-Remote<br></span><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">#hcgreenhouse</span></p>