<p></p>
<p><strong>Job Title: </strong>Reliability Engineer</p>
<p><strong>Location: </strong>Smart parc, Spondon, Derby DE21 7HW</p>
<p><strong>Shift:&nbsp;</strong>Suez Shift Pattern rotating&nbsp;days and nights, 0600-1800 and 1800-0600.</p>
<p><strong>Let's Discuss What's On The Table For You:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>70% off HelloFresh or Green Chef boxes&nbsp;</li>
<li><strong>Free</strong> onsite parking <em>(including ~90 EV spaces)</em></li>
<li>Gym membership</li>
<li>Bupa private medical insurance <em>(including dental &amp; family cover options)</em></li>
<li>Nursery support scheme <em>(save up to 40% on your nursery fees)</em></li>
<li>Earn up to £500 with our Referral Program</li>
<li>Electric vehicle scheme</li>
<li>Cycle to work scheme</li>
<li>Group Life Assurance</li>
<li>Company pension scheme</li>
<li>Mental health first aiders and an employee assistance programme</li>
</ul>
<p>Play a key part in supporting our Employee Resource Groups: FreshVets, Black Heritage Network, NEU Network (Neurodiversity), GET (Gender Equality Team) and FreshPride</p>
<p><strong>About The Team:</strong></p>
<p>As a Reliability Engineer, you will be responsible for ensuring the maintenance, repairs, and improvements of both automated and non-automated systems on-site. The Reliability Engineer will work to ensure maximum uptime and reliability of equipment while actively participating in both preventive and reactive maintenance tasks. This role will also support automation systems, including conveyance and facilities equipment.</p>
<p><strong>What You Will Be Doing:</strong></p>
<p></p>
<ul>
<li>Hands-On System Monitoring &amp; Repair: Actively monitor, troubleshoot, and repair systems to provide a high level of equipment availability.</li>
<li>Preventive Maintenance &amp; Inspections: Perform routine maintenance on automation, robotics, and control panels.</li>
<li>Troubleshooting &amp; Escalation: Diagnose and address issues in out-of-service equipment; escalate complex issues as necessary.</li>
<li>Documentation: Record all work in the Computerized Maintenance Management System (CMMS) and ticketing systems as appropriate.</li>
<li>Contractor Collaboration: Work with contractors to ensure projects are completed to specification, addressing performance issues as needed.</li>
<li>Project &amp; Ad Hoc Engineering Tasks: Participate in cross-functional projects as required.</li>
<li>Predictive &amp; Preventative Maintenance: Engage in predictive maintenance activities to maintain machine uptime for operational needs.</li>
<li>Training &amp; Mentorship: Provide training and mentorship to Junior Engineers on reliability practices and techniques.</li>
<li>Health &amp; Safety Compliance: Adhere to and support food safety and health &amp; safety standards.</li>
<li>Root Cause Analysis: Participate in Root Cause Analysis (RCA) for continuous improvement.</li>
</ul>
<p></p>
<p><strong>Who You Are:</strong></p>
<p></p>
<ul>
<li>Hold a degree in computer science, mechanical engineering, electrical engineering, or a related field would be advantageous.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Skilled in material handling, flow and capacity visualisation, and monitoring.</li>
<li>Proficient in PLC-controlled automation and issue diagnosis in continuous production environments.</li>
<li>Extensive experience with PLCs, HMIs, VFDs, including programming, troubleshooting, and maintenance.</li>
<li>Advanced understanding of PLCs and automated processes.</li>
<li>Analytical Skills: Strong problem-solving abilities for technical issues in automation systems.</li>
<li>Project Management: Excellent organisational skills, with the ability to prioritise tasks, manage timelines, and deliver results within budget.</li>
</ul>
<p></p>
<p><strong>To be considered for this role, you’ll need to have the independent right to work in the UK, as we're unfortunately unable to provide sponsorship at this time.</strong></p>
<p><strong>Next steps</strong>: Your application will be reviewed and if successful, a member of the Talent Acquisition Team will be in touch within 2 weeks.</p>
<p>You are required to cooperate with HelloFresh in all health and safety matters. You are responsible for ensuring you take reasonable care of your own health, and safety as well as others who may be affected by the work activities you undertake. You must report incidents immediately and actively raise health and safety-related concerns to your Line Manager.&nbsp;As part of our commitment to maintaining a safe and secure environment, we will process Disclosure and Barring Service (<span class="il">DBS</span>) checks to the successful individual. Failure to disclose relevant information at application or throughout the process could affect your employment with the company.&nbsp;</p>
<p>If you are currently a HelloFresh employee, please make sure you have discussed your application with your Line Manager.</p>
<p></p>