At Submittable, we are transforming how organizations create social impact. Our platform empowers thousands of mission-driven organizations, from nonprofits to government entities, to make a difference in their communities and beyond. In 2024, our innovative software helped organizations worldwide run 30,000 programs, welcomed 1.2 million applicants, and facilitated the distribution of more than $10 billion in funding through our products on behalf of our clients.
We are on a mission to help organizations accelerate their impact, so we are proud to partner with organizations focused on Equity & Social Justice, Children & Education, Creative & Arts, Health & Wellness, Economic Justice & Opportunity, and Environment & Climate. At Submittable, technology and purpose converge, offering a unique opportunity to contribute to meaningful change.
We are looking for an Implementation Specialist to join our Professional Services team at Submittable. This role serves as a trusted advisor to our clients, blending software training, process expertise, and consultative support to ensure every customer is set up for success. You will play a critical role in guiding clients through onboarding by delivering tailored solutions and training that empower them to get the most out of the Submittable platform.
This is a full-time position that reports to the Director of Implementation.
How You'll Make an Impact
- Partner with clients to analyze their existing workflows and translate them into effective solutions within the Sub  
  
Please mention the word \*\*ENTRANCED\*\* and tag RNzkuMTU4LjE4Ni4yMzg= when applying to show you read the job post completely (#RNzkuMTU4LjE4Ni4yMzg=). This is a beta feature to avoid spam applicants. Companies can search these words to find applicants that read this and see they're human.