<p data-pm-slice="1 1 []">CSQ227R175</p>
<p data-pm-slice="1 1 []"><strong>PLEASE NOTE</strong><strong>:<br></strong>Due to federal contract requirements and client site access obligations,&nbsp;<strong>U.S. citizenship and eligibility for a U.S. government secret clearance are required</strong>&nbsp;to access classified information. The position is based in the Washington, D.C., Maryland, or Virginia metropolitan area and includes periodic on‑site work and client collaboration. Candidates with an active Secret or higher clearance are strongly encouraged to apply.</p>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="1">As a Resident Solutions Architect (RSA) on our Professional Services team, you will work with&nbsp;<span style="font-weight: 400;"><a href="https://www.databricks.com/customers/all">customers</a></span>&nbsp;on short to medium term customer engagements on their big data challenges using the Databricks platform. You will provide data engineering, data science, and cloud technology projects which require integrating with client systems, training, and other technical tasks to help customers to get most value out of their data. RSAs are billable and know how to complete projects according to specification with excellent customer service. You will report to the regional Manager/Lead.</p>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="608"><strong data-renderer-mark="true">The impact you will have:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li data-renderer-start-pos="637">Handle a variety of impactful customer technical projects which may include designing and building reference architectures, creating how-to's and productionalizing customer use cases</li>
<li data-renderer-start-pos="637">Work with engagement managers to scope variety of&nbsp; professional services work with input from the customer</li>
<li data-renderer-start-pos="637">Guide strategic customers as they implement transformational big data projects, 3rd party migrations, including end-to-end design, build and deployment of industry-leading big data and AI applications</li>
<li data-renderer-start-pos="637">Consult on architecture and design; bootstrap or implement customer projects which leads to a customers' successful understanding, evaluation and adoption of Databricks.</li>
<li data-renderer-start-pos="637">Provide an escalated level of support for customer operational issues</li>
<li data-renderer-start-pos="637">Collaborate with the Databricks Technical, Project Manager, Architect and Customer teams to ensure the technical components of the engagement are delivered to meet customer's needs</li>
<li data-renderer-start-pos="637">Work with Engineering and Databricks Customer Support to provide product and implementation feedback and to guide rapid resolution for engagement specific product and support issues</li>
</ul>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="1771"><strong data-renderer-mark="true">What we look for:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: bold;" data-renderer-start-pos="1792"><strong>US Top Secret Clearance Required this position</strong></li>
<li data-renderer-start-pos="1792">6+ years experience in data engineering, data platforms &amp; analytics</li>
<li data-renderer-start-pos="1792">Comfortable writing code in either Python or Scala</li>
<li data-renderer-start-pos="1792">Working knowledge of two or more common Cloud ecosystems (AWS, Azure, GCP) with expertise in at least one</li>
<li data-renderer-start-pos="1792">Deep experience with distributed computing with Apache Spark™ and knowledge of Spark runtime internals</li>
<li data-renderer-start-pos="1792">Familiarity with CI/CD for production deployments</li>
<li data-renderer-start-pos="1792">Working knowledge of MLOps</li>
<li data-renderer-start-pos="1792">Design and deployment of performant end-to-end data architectures</li>
<li data-renderer-start-pos="1792">Experience with technical project delivery - managing scope and timelines</li>
<li data-renderer-start-pos="1792">Documentation and white-boarding skills</li>
<li data-renderer-start-pos="1792">Experience working with clients and managing conflicts</li>
<li data-renderer-start-pos="1792">Build skills in technical areas which support the deployment and integration of Databricks-based solutions to complete customer projects</li>
<li>Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, Engineering, or equivalent experience through work experience</li>
<li>Ability to travel up to 30% when needed</li>
</ul><div class="content-pay-transparency"><div class="pay-input"><div class="description"><p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Pay Range Transparency</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400; font-size: 14px;">Databricks is committed to fair and equitable compensation practices. The pay range(s) for this role is listed below and represents the expected base salary range for non-commissionable roles or on-target earnings for commissionable roles.&nbsp; Actual compensation packages are based on several factors that are unique to each candidate, including but not limited to job-related skills, depth of experience, relevant certifications and training, and specific work location. Based on the factors above, Databricks anticipated utilizing the full width of the range. The total compensation package for this position may also include eligibility for annual performance bonus, equity, and the benefits listed above. For more information regarding which range your location is in visit our page <a href="https://www.databricks.com/sites/default/files/2024-08/us-pay-zone-mapping.pdf">here</a>.<br></span></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p></div><div class="title">Zone 1 Pay Range</div><div class="pay-range"><span>$180,656</span><span class="divider">&mdash;</span><span>$248,360 USD</span></div></div><div class="pay-input"><div class="title">Zone 2 Pay Range</div><div class="pay-range"><span>$180,656</span><span class="divider">&mdash;</span><span>$248,360 USD</span></div></div><div class="pay-input"><div class="title">Zone 3 Pay Range</div><div class="pay-range"><span>$180,656</span><span class="divider">&mdash;</span><span>$248,360 USD</span></div></div><div class="pay-input"><div class="title">Zone 4 Pay Range</div><div class="pay-range"><span>$180,656</span><span class="divider">&mdash;</span><span>$248,360 USD</span></div></div><div class="pay-input"><div class="description"><p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Pay Range Transparency</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400; font-size: 14px;">Databricks is committed to fair and equitable compensation practices. The pay range(s) for this role is listed below and represents the expected salary range for non-commissionable roles or on-target earnings for commissionable roles.&nbsp; Actual compensation packages are based on several factors that are unique to each candidate, including but not limited to job-related skills, depth of experience, relevant certifications and training, and specific work location. Based on the factors above, Databricks anticipates utilizing the full width of the range. The total compensation package for this position may also include eligibility for annual performance bonus, equity, and the benefits listed above. For more information regarding which range your location is in visit our page <a href="https://www.databricks.com/sites/default/files/2024-08/us-pay-zone-mapping.pdf">here</a>.<br></span></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p></div><div class="title">Zone 1 Pay Range</div><div class="pay-range"><span>$180,656</span><span class="divider">&mdash;</span><span>$248,360 USD</span></div></div></div><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>About Databricks</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-family: arial, sans-serif;">Databricks is the data and AI company. More than 10,000 organizations worldwide — including Comcast, Condé Nast, Grammarly, and over 50% of the Fortune 500 — rely on the Databricks Data Intelligence Platform to unify and democratize data, analytics and AI. Databricks is headquartered in San Francisco, with offices around the globe and was founded by the original creators of Lakehouse, Apache Spark™, Delta Lake and MLflow. To learn more, follow Databricks on&nbsp;<span style="color: rgb(255, 54, 33);"><a style="color: rgb(255, 54, 33);" href="https://twitter.com/databricks" target="\_blank" data-saferedirecturl="https://www.google.com/url?q=https://twitter.com/databricks&amp;source=gmail&amp;ust=1700237575733000&amp;usg=AOvVaw03FL8fJvOD97ytN02f5G2C">Twitter</a>,&nbsp;<a style="color: rgb(255, 54, 33);" href="https://www.linkedin.com/company/databricks" target="\_blank" data-saferedirecturl="https://www.google.com/url?q=https://www.linkedin.com/company/databricks&amp;source=gmail&amp;ust=1700237575733000&amp;usg=AOvVaw15dLk3q8VxTfHEgCUg7NSt">LinkedIn</a>&nbsp;<span style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0);">and</span>&nbsp;<a style="color: rgb(255, 54, 33);" href="https://www.facebook.com/databricksinc" target="\_blank" data-saferedirecturl="https://www.google.com/url?q=https://www.facebook.com/databricksinc&amp;source=gmail&amp;ust=1700237575733000&amp;usg=AOvVaw39EcncitnlqV72EG2-RqXJ">Facebook</a></span>.<br><br><strong>Benefits<br><br></strong></span>At Databricks, we strive to provide comprehensive benefits and perks that meet the needs of all of our employees. For specific details on the benefits offered in your region click <a href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/154un3e8Xav4BceOSlcYFZRGEuQI54xMxVydRwQn54eQ/edit?usp=sharing">here</a>.<br><br></p>
<p><strong>Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion</strong></p>
<p>At Databricks, we are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive culture where everyone can excel. We take great care to ensure that our hiring practices are inclusive and meet equal employment opportunity standards. Individuals looking for employment at Databricks are considered without regard to age, color, disability, ethnicity, family or marital status, gender identity or expression, language, national origin, physical and mental ability, political affiliation, race, religion, sexual orientation, socio-economic status, veteran status, and other protected characteristics.</p>
<p><strong>Compliance</strong></p>
<p><strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">If access to export-controlled technology or source code is required for performance of job duties, it is within Employer's discretion whether to apply for a U.S. government license for such positions, and Employer may decline to proceed with an applicant on this basis alone.</span></strong></p></div>