<h2><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;"><strong>The Role</strong></span></h2>
<p><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">At HelloConnect, you will be part of a dynamic team that embraces innovation and leverages advanced technology to create exceptional experiences. Our culture is built on collaboration, continuous learning, and a commitment to excellence. You’ll have the opportunity to work on impactful projects, develop your skills, and grow within a supportive environment that values diverse perspectives and experiences.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">As a FSQA Specialist, you will take on a key responsibility in </span>ensuring that a company's food products meet established standards of safety and quality. You will complete tasks related to food inspection, testing, and regulatory compliance, and play a crucial role in protecting consumers and maintaining the company's reputation. Your role needs a good understanding of food safety regulations and quality standards, good organizational skills, and good problem-solving abilities. You should also have good communication skills, as you often need to coordinate with various stakeholders, from production staff to suppliers to regulatory authorities<span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">, contributing to our ongoing efforts to drive business success and enhance customer satisfaction.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">We’re looking for passionate individuals who can bring their unique skills and ideas to the table. Even if you don't meet every requirement but believe you’d excel in this role, we’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
<h3><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;"><strong>What you’ll do</strong></span></h3>
<ul>
<li>Work cross-functionally to assist stakeholders in implementation of food safety and compliance processes such as onboarding suppliers and products or evaluating root causes of customer reported errors</li>
<li>Use expertise and knowledge from the industry to help stakeholders implement best practice product quality specifications</li>
<li>Analyze internally and externally reported issues related to food safety and quality issues and provide input to category managers on trends</li>
<li>Verify the completeness and accuracy of information made available to user facing systems, ensuring information provided to internal and external customers is accurate and up-to-date.</li>
<li>Correct any FSQA data discrepancies in compliance to preset guidelines and regulations</li>
<li>Populate data across systems to ensure consistency and accuracy of information across the HelloFresh Group supply chain</li>
<li style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">You will serve as the first point of contact for stakeholder inquiries, processing requests for Food Safety and Quality data and trend analyses, data validation, or eventual data manipulation.</li>
<li style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">You will be held accountable to specific KPIs as set by the team lead to improve efficiency and accuracy of the output of your work.</li>
</ul>
<h3><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;"><strong>What you’ll bring</strong></span></h3>
<ul>
<li>Bachelor's Degree in related field (Food Science, Food Technology, Nutrition or similar scientific degree (Biology, Chemistry, Microbiology, etc.))</li>
<li>With at least 1 year of previous work experience</li>
<li>You have knowledge of food safety systems and HACCP</li>
<li>You are a self-starter who is keen to develop your knowledge and skills&nbsp;</li>
<li>Strong troubleshooting and problem-solving skills, with the ability to handle diverse user inquiries effectively</li>
<li>Familiarity of food labeling legislations for assigned region (UK, EU, Canada or Australia &amp; New Zealand)</li>
<li>Knowledge of Google Workspace, MS Office, or related tools to create spreadsheets and presentations</li>
<li>Proficient in communicating through English, verbal and written</li>
<li>Available to work in the designated time zone for assigned region (UK, EU, Canada or Asia-Pacific)</li>
</ul>
<h2><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;"><strong>What we offer</strong></span></h2>
<ul>
<li style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;"><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;"><strong>Competitive Compensation</strong>: Beyond the standard package, we offer perks like Long Service Benefits (anniversary bonus) to recognize and celebrate your dedication</span></li>
<li style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;"><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;"><strong>Wellness &amp; Perks</strong>: We prioritize your well-being by offering mental health support, HMO medical coverage, generous leave benefits plus life insurance for both you and your family's peace of mind</span></li>
<li style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;"><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;"><strong>Growth Opportunities</strong>: Invest in your personal development with an annual learning &amp; development budget, plus access to the 360 Learning platform</span></li>
<li style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;"><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;"><strong>Dynamic Environment</strong>: Join a rapidly growing global Business Process Outsourcing company, where you'll collaborate with a diverse community spanning across multiple continents and cultures</span></li>
<li style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;"><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;"><strong>Work-Life Balance</strong>: Enjoy a healthy balance between your professional and personal life, with a supportive environment that prioritizes your well-being and personal time</span></li>
</ul>
<h2><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;"><strong>Are you up for the challenge?</strong></span></h2>
<p><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">The first step to your new role starts here. Send in your application, along with your salary expectations and preferred start date. Our dedicated team will thoroughly review your details. We are excited to connect with you soon!&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">#helloconnect<br>#LI-Remote</span></p>
<p><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">#hcgreenhouse</span></p>