Sell what you love. For us and millions of users across the globe, that’s Spotify. Join the Sales team and you’ll build the relationships that help grow our business in existing markets and beyond. We don’t just sell creative solutions to our clients and partners, we help to shape them; using our expert knowledge of ad products, sales channels and the industry to impact the way the world experiences music and podcasts.

We are looking for a highly motivated individual to join our Business Operations team to join our Yield Strategy team in our APAC market. In this role, you will be responsible for using tools and systems to evaluate ad product and revenue performance across the entire Ad Sales business; act as a strategic partner across the ads business supporting Sales alongside other cross-functional teams, such as Business Operations, Finance, Sales Operations, and Product

## What You'll Do

- Responsible for strategically managing pricing, inventory, and overall yield to maximise advertising revenue. This role involves serving as the individual point-person for developing and executing these strategies across the region
- Partner with Yield Managers in other regions to share best practices to ensure local strategies fit within the larger Spotify global ad strategy and framework
- Manipulate and analyse large data sets (dashboards, raw files) to inform data-led pricing and inventory decisions
- Responsible for maintaining deep expertise in how APAC ad revenue is generated. Create systems, processes, and reporting to ensure critical inventory and revenue insights are quickly and clearly shared with internal stakeholders
- Provide regular updates and actionable recommendations to APAC sales leadership to optimise yield while achieving revenue goals
- Provide essential yield management support to APAC sales teams to ensure the region meets and exceeds revenue targets, aligning with Spotify's broader financial objectives
- Collaborate cross-functionally with teams including Sales, Finance, Business Operations, and Sales Operations to drive ad revenue growth
- Manage rate cards and deal approvals for the region in collaboration with Partnerships team

## Who You Are

- You have a minimum of 5+ years of experience leading Media Planning, Pricing, and/or Digital Inventory and Yield for an Ad Agency, Publisher, Platform, Network or Ad Tech Vendor with a deep understanding of data analysis and data-driven decision-making.
- Able to create and implement strategies that drive growth, optimising pricing and accurately reporting on business performance
- Thorough understanding of the adsales pitch-to-pay process, specifically in the APAC region and in the Australia marketplace
- Have an understanding of nuances of multiple markets in APAC region
- Experience working with business intelligence/dashboarding tools such as Tableau, Google BigQuery, and/or other similar systems
- Understanding of ad operations systems and the programmatic landscape, with demonstrated knowledge of Salesforce and various CRMs, OMSs, other advertising platforms (GAM, DV360, TTD, Magnite)
- You understand the technical foundations of digital media, podcasts and programmatic mediums and proactively identify solutions to problems and predict/adapt to expect challenges before they happen
- A highly organized and focused multi-tasker with strong attention to detail, analytical and project management skills, and can work independently within a team focused organization
- You thrive in a fast-paced, deadline and detailed oriented environment

## Where You'll Be

- This role is based in Sydney, Australia
- We offer you the flexibility to work where you work best! There will be some in person meetings, but still allows for flexibility to work from home.

Spotify is an equal opportunity employer. You are welcome at Spotify for who you are, no matter where you come from, what you look like, or what’s playing in your headphones. Our platform is for everyone, and so is our workplace. The more voices we have represented and amplified in our business, the more we will all thrive, contribute, and be forward-thinking! So bring us your personal experience, your perspectives, and your background. It’s in our differences that we will find the power to keep revolutionizing the way the world listens.

At Spotify, we are passionate about inclusivity and making sure our entire recruitment process is accessible to everyone. We have ways to request reasonable accommodations during the interview process and help assist in what you need. If you need accommodations at any stage of the application or interview process, please let us know - we’re here to support you in any way we can.

Spotify transformed music listening forever when we launched in 2008. Our mission is to unlock the potential of human creativity by giving a million creative artists the opportunity to live off their art and billions of fans the chance to enjoy and be passionate about these creators. Everything we do is driven by our love for music and podcasting. Today, we are the world’s most popular audio streaming subscription service.