<p data-path-to-node="1">Our sales team is committed to customer centricity by focusing on understanding and meeting the unique needs and aspirations of each customer. We prioritize delivering exceptional value through tailored solutions and strategic partnerships. By fostering a collaborative environment across all go-to-market functions, we engage in value selling, ensuring that every interaction enhances and maximizes the customer experience. By adopting an inclusive approach, we work closely with marketing, product, and customer success teams to ensure alignment and continuous improvement. Together, we identify and overcome technical, educational, and competitive challenges, thereby driving successful, long-term growth and customer satisfaction.</p>
<p data-path-to-node="1">We’re looking for a motivated and curious individual to help us grow our footprint across the EMEA region. Our sales team is committed to customer centricity by focusing on understanding and meeting the unique needs and aspirations of each customer. We prioritize delivering exceptional value through tailored solutions and strategic partnerships. By fostering a collaborative environment across all go-to-market functions, we engage in value selling, ensuring that every interaction enhances and maximizes the customer experience. You will work closely with our team of Account Executives to execute strategic outbound plays that are targeted and customer-centric, serving as the first point of contact to build trust and deliver value for our future customers.</p>
<p data-path-to-node="2">This role is based in our Dublin office with an office-centric hybrid schedule. The standard in-office days are Monday, Tuesday, and Thursday. Most Asanas have the option to work from home on Wednesdays. Working from home on Fridays depends on the type of work you do and the teams with which you partner. If you're interviewing for this role, your recruiter will share more about the in-office requirements.</p>
<h3 data-path-to-node="3">What you’ll achieve</h3>
<ul data-path-to-node="4">
<li>
<p data-path-to-node="4,0,0">Create EMEA pipeline by identifying, researching, and engaging high-potential prospects across key regions.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-path-to-node="4,1,0">Execute targeted, multi-channel outbound prospecting including email, phone, and social to generate qualified opportunities.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-path-to-node="4,2,0">Master Asana’s product, value proposition, and ideal customer profile to effectively articulate our impact and tailor outreach to customer needs.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-path-to-node="4,3,0">Partner directly with your aligned Account Executives to effectively build quality pipeline and drive customer acquisition.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-path-to-node="4,4,0">Consistently meet and exceed weekly and monthly activity metrics, opportunity targets, and pipeline generation targets.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-path-to-node="4,5,0">Develop foundational sales skills and business acumen to support your long-term career growth within Asana.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<h3 data-path-to-node="5">About you</h3>
<ul data-path-to-node="6">
<li>
<p data-path-to-node="6,0,0">Fluent in French.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-path-to-node="6,1,0">1+ year of experience in inbound or outbound sales development, or a relevant customer-facing role.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-path-to-node="6,2,0">Demonstrates curiosity about AI tools and emerging technologies, with a willingness to learn and leverage them to enhance productivity, collaboration, or decision-making.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-path-to-node="6,3,0">Effective communication skills, empathy, and a strong commitment to integrity.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-path-to-node="6,4,0">An analytical thinker who can identify patterns across data sets to optimize outreach.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-path-to-node="6,5,0">A team player who thrives on cross-functional collaboration and shared success.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-path-to-node="6,6,0">Enthusiastic about technology and eager to share how Asana can help teams work together effortlessly.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p data-path-to-node="7">At Asana, we're committed to building teams that include a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, and skills, as this is critical to helping us achieve our mission. If you're interested in this role and don't meet every listed requirement, we still encourage you to apply.</p>
<h3 data-path-to-node="8">What we’ll offer</h3>
<p data-path-to-node="9">Our comprehensive compensation package plays a big part in how we recognize you for the impact you have on our path to achieving our mission. We believe that compensation should be reflective of the value you create relative to the market value of your role. To ensure pay is fair and not impacted by biases, we're committed to looking at market value which is why we check ourselves and conduct a yearly pay equity audit.</p>
<p data-path-to-node="10">For this role, the On-Target Earnings (OTE) range is €<strong data-path-to-node="10" data-index-in-node="53">58,000 - €65,000</strong>&nbsp;(based on the terms of the Sales Incentive Plan). These ranges are a guideline; actual base salary and OTE may vary based on various factors, including market and individual qualifications objectively assessed during the interview process, and the ranges for this role may be modified.</p>
<p data-path-to-node="11">In addition, your compensation package may include additional components such as equity and benefits. If you're interviewing for this role, speak with your recruiter to learn more about the total compensation and benefits for this role.</p>
<p data-path-to-node="12">We strive to provide equitable and competitive benefits packages that support our employees worldwide and include:</p>
<ul data-path-to-node="13">
<li>
<p data-path-to-node="13,0,0">Mental health, wellness &amp; fitness benefits</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-path-to-node="13,1,0">Career coaching &amp; support</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-path-to-node="13,2,0">Inclusive family building benefits</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-path-to-node="13,3,0">Long-term savings or retirement plans</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-path-to-node="13,4,0">In-office culinary options to cater to your dietary preferences</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p data-path-to-node="14">These are just some of the benefits we offer, and benefits may vary based on role, country, and local regulations. If you're interviewing for this role, speak with your recruiter to learn more about the total compensation and benefits for this role.</p>
<p data-path-to-node="15">#LI-Hybrid</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>About us</strong></p>
<p data-pm-slice="1 1 []">Asana is a leading platform for human + AI collaboration. Millions of teams around the world rely on Asana to achieve their most important goals, faster. Asana has been named to Fortune's Best Workplaces for 7+ years and recognized by Fast Company, Forbes, and Gartner for excellence in workplace culture and innovation. We offer an exceptional office-centric culture while adopting the best elements of hybrid models to ensure that every one of our global team members can work together effortlessly. With 13+ offices all over the world, we are always looking for individuals who care about building technology that drives positive change in the world and a culture where everyone feels that they belong.</p>
<p data-pm-slice="1 1 []"><strong><a class="LinkThemeablePresentation LinkPrimaryPresentation LinkPrimaryPresentation--sentimentSelected PrimaryLink HighlightSol HighlightSol--core HighlightSol--buildingBlock" href="https://www.gem.com/form?formID=fbcdec8c-3442-43b9-9b45-d2b5f4ea25db" target="\_blank">Join Asana’s Talent Network</a></strong>&nbsp;to stay up to date on job opportunities and life at Asana.</p></div>