<div class="content-intro"><div>firsthand supports individuals living with SMI (serious mental illness). Our holistic approach includes a team of peer recovery specialists, benefits specialists and clinicians. Our teams focus on meeting each individual where they are and walking with them side by side as a trusted guide and partner on their journey to better health.</div>
<div>&nbsp;</div>
<div>firsthand's team members use their lived experience to build trust with these individuals and support them in reconnecting to the healthcare they need, while minimizing inappropriate healthcare utilization. Together with our health plan partners, we are changing the way our society supports those most impacted by SMI.</div>
<div>&nbsp;</div>
<div>We are cultivating a team of deeply passionate problem-solvers to tackle significant and complex healthcare challenges with us. This is more than a job—it's a calling. Every day, you will engage in work that resonates with purpose, gain wisdom from motivated colleagues, and thrive in an environment that celebrates continuous learning, creativity, and fun.</div>
<div>&nbsp;</div></div><p>The Centralized Health Guide is a licensed Nurse Practitioner who leads the medical aspects of virtual care for individuals with serious mental illness that firsthand serves. The Centralized Health Guide is responsible for virtual whole person assessments and management of our vulnerable population, collaborating closely with community primary care and behavioral health providers, as well as an internal team of triage registered nurses and psychiatric nurse practitioners.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>As a Centralized Health Guide, you will:</strong></p>
<p><strong>Perform a virtual whole-person clinical assessment, including:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Assessing both behavioral and physical health conditions with a thorough history and virtual physical examination</li>
<li>Treating conditions including prescribing medications on an ongoing and short-term basis</li>
<li>Capturing conditions not yet diagnosed, ordering additional studies where indicated to confirm or rule out the diagnosis</li>
<li>Collaborating with a team of support including medical records and clinical documentation specialists, certified coders, and medical assistants</li>
<li>Making individualized recommendations and/or referrals for programs/care provided by firsthand and/or outside providers, based on the assessed need</li>
<li>Supporting individuals in developing and exercising self management skills and skills skills person-centered care around their individual goals and preferences via motivational interviewing and holistic care planning</li>
<li>Organizing the information in a manner that supports appropriate clinical documentation and successful disability applications (if appropriate)</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Perform virtual unscheduled care assessments and transition of care, including:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Provide exemplary customer service to individuals with SMI and maintain a NPS score of 90% or higher</li>
<li>Commitment to reducing ER visits within 7 days of your interaction with individual</li>
<li>Provide urgent-care treatment for conditions such as COPD exacerbations, uncontrolled diabetes, CHF exacerbations, Cold and Flu Symptoms, UTI, pain, anxiety, depression, and SI.</li>
<li>Transition of care visits for individuals within 7 days of discharge from ER/hospitalization&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Provide Guidance and Support to In-person Health Guides and firsthand guides including:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Leads individual progress reviews in partnership with firsthand guides</li>
<li>Assist with implementing new interventions and work processes</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>You will be a good fit if you have:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Passion for serving individuals suffering from mental illness</li>
<li>Display a positive attitude and team player mentality within team</li>
<li>Intrinsic motivation to be a top performer&nbsp;</li>
<li>Above average comfort with technology&nbsp;</li>
<li>Desire to perform data driven care</li>
<li>Natural ability to adapt to various assignments and moving target goals</li>
<li>Empathy, compassion, and approachability&nbsp;</li>
<li>Excellent listening, communication, and interpersonal skills</li>
<li>Ability to maintain professional boundaries and engagement skills with a population with challenges and in non-traditional work conditions</li>
<li>Willingness to become certified in psychiatric nursing (on the RN level)</li>
<li>Licenses in FL, MI, OH, VA, WA or willingness to get licensed in these states</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>The experience you bring to this role includes:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>3+ years clinical care as a Nurse Practitioner, ideally in a primary care setting or emergency department</li>
<li>Working with and managing a population with challenges such as behavioral health and/or SUD conditions</li>
<li>Care management and coordination&nbsp;</li>
<li>Psych RN cert (optional, willingness to become certified)</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>firsthand is building a workplace and culture that cares deeply for our team and our communities. Our benefit design is in line with our values of compassion and empathy:</p>
<ul>
<li>A range of healthcare benefits offerings for yourself and/or your family</li>
<li>401(k) with employer matching program</li>
<li>Competitive and flexible paid time off policies</li>
<li>Choice of Mac or PC for laptop or tablet as needed</li>
</ul>
<p>We firmly believe that great candidates for this role may not meet 100% of the criteria listed in this posting. We encourage you to apply anyway - we look forward to begin getting to know you.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p><div class="content-pay-transparency"><div class="pay-input"><div class="title">Base salary range:</div><div class="pay-range"><span>$150,000</span><span class="divider">&mdash;</span><span>$150,000 USD</span></div></div></div><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>We firmly believe that great candidates for this role may not meet 100% of the criteria listed in this posting. We encourage you to apply anyway - we look forward to begin getting to know you.</strong></p>
<p><strong>Benefits<br></strong>For full-time employees, our compensation package includes base, equity (or a special incentive program for clinical roles) and performance bonus potential. Our benefits include physical and mental health, dental, vision, 401(k) with a match, 16 weeks parental leave for either parent, 15 days/year vacation in your first year (this increases to 20 days/year in your second year and beyond), and a supportive and inclusive culture.</p>
<div><strong>Vaccination Policy</strong></div>
<div>Employment with firsthand is contingent upon attesting to medical clearance requirements, which include, but may not be limited to: evidence of vaccination for/immunity to COVID-19, Hepatitis B, Influenza, MMR, Chickenpox, Tetanus and Diphtheria. All employees of firsthand are required to receive these vaccinations on a cadence/frequency as advised by the CDC, whereas not otherwise prohibited by state law.</div>
<div>New hires may submit for consideration a request to be exempted from these requirements (based on a valid religious or medical reason) via forms provided by firsthand. Such requests will be subject to review and approval by the Company, and exemptions will be granted only if the Company can provide a reasonable accommodation in relation to the requested exemption. Note that approvals for reasonable accommodations are reviewed and approved on a case-by-case basis and availability of a reasonable accommodation is not guaranteed.</div>
<div>&nbsp;</div>
<div><em>Unfortunately, we are not able to offer sponsorship at this time.</em></div>
<div>&nbsp;</div>
<div><em>firsthand Health will only contact candidates from email addresses ending in <strong>@</strong><strong><a href="http://firsthandcares.com" target="\_blank">firsthandcares.com</a></strong>. Any communication from another domain claiming to represent firsthand is fraudulent. We will never ask for payment or sensitive financial information during the hiring process. If you receive suspicious outreach, please do not respond.</em></div>
<p>&nbsp;</p></div>