<h2><strong>About SumUp</strong></h2>
<p>We believe in the everyday hero. Those who have the courage to follow their passion and who have the strength and determination to realise their dreams.</p>
<p>Small business owners are at the heart of all we do, so we're creating powerful, easy-to-use financial solutions to help them run their businesses. With a founder’s mentality and a team-first attitude, our diverse teams across Europe, South America and the United States work together to ensure that small business owners can be successful doing what they love.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<h2><strong>Your Team&nbsp;</strong></h2>
<p>You’ll join Credit Risk Analytics, a high-impact squad at the core of SumUp’s Lending strategy — a business line on a very ambitious growth track.</p>
<p>This team sits at the intersection of risk, data, product, and engineering, owning credit performance end-to-end: from origination and pricing to portfolio monitoring and experimentation. You’ll work closely with Credit Risk Managers, Data Scientists, ML Engineers, and Credit Risk Engineering to ensure lending remains responsible, scalable, and profitable as we expand into new markets.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>📍 Get a feel for life at our Barcelona office 👉<a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q5xfa9S2Fmg"> Watch here</a></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<h2><strong>What You’ll Do</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Own credit origination end-to-end, from planning and execution to monitoring performance against targets<br><br></li>
<li>Track and analyse key credit risk KPIs, identifying trends, anomalies, and areas for investigation<br><br></li>
<li>Support pricing, caps, and approval strategies by providing data-driven insights and recommendations<br><br></li>
<li>Partner closely with Engineering, Data Science, and Product to improve automation and scalability of credit processes<br><br></li>
<li>Contribute to portfolio monitoring, cohort analysis, and early risk detection across markets and products<br><br></li>
<li>Help build and maintain clear documentation, policies, and reporting to support governance and audits</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<h2><strong>You’ll Be Great for This Role If</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>You have strong experience in data analytics or similar, including 2+ years in a credit risk, lending analytics, or lending-related role<br><br></li>
<li>You’re confident using <strong>SQL</strong> to query large datasets independently and turn results into actionable insights. Experience with Python is a plus<br><br></li>
<li>You understand core credit risk concepts such as probability of default, credit margin, and the credit lifecycle, and how these elements interact with each other<br><br></li>
<li>You’re comfortable working in a fast-changing environment where priorities evolve week to week.&nbsp;</li>
<li>You thrive in a cross-functional agile framework<br><br></li>
<li>You work autonomously, take ownership, and are proactive<br><br></li>
<li>You communicate clearly and enjoy collaborating with cross-functional teams like Engineering and Data Science</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<h2><strong>Why You Should Join SumUp</strong></h2>
<p>🌎 Opportunity to work with SumUppers globally on large-scale fintech products used by millions of businesses worldwide, from our Barcelona office. This involves an office-first setup</p>
<p>🌈 Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion: be part of a workplace that values and promotes diversity, fostering an inclusive environment where everyone's perspectives are respected and embraced</p>
<p>🚀 Enrolment onto our VSOP program: you will own a stake in SumUp’s future success</p>
<p>🏖 Generous time off: enjoy 23 days of paid leave plus public holidays and special leave days</p>
<p>🥗 Subsidised restaurant tickets (Edenred) and office breakfast on Mondays</p>
<p>📚 A dedicated annual L&amp;D budget of €2000 for attending conferences and/or advancing your career through further education</p>
<p>🌴 Break4me: 1-month sabbatical after 3 years of service</p>
<p>🔗 Referral Bonus: earn additional rewards by referring talented individuals to join the SumUp team</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<hr>
<p>At SumUp, we’re on a mission to empower small businesses around the world with simple, affordable tools to help them start, run, and grow. More than 4 million merchants across 36 markets trust us as their financial partner — and we’re just getting started.</p>
<p>We’re a global team of 3,000+ people from over 90 nationalities, united by curiosity, collaboration, and care. Our<a href="https://youtu.be/1axu-TmW088?si=5NjHKNq5n-1GbXc2"> core values</a> and<a href="https://youtu.be/XEH\_nmJ9KZ4?si=pr6TdFl98FhpD5KG"> culture</a> shape everything we do, fostering inclusion, learning, and belonging.</p>
<p>SumUp is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity employer, committed to building a safe, respectful, and diverse workplace where everyone can thrive.</p>
<p>👉 Explore more about our culture on our<a href="https://www.sumup.com/careers/"> careers site</a>, or follow us on<a href="https://www.linkedin.com/company/sumup/"> LinkedIn</a> and<a href="https://www.instagram.com/insidesumup/"> Instagram</a>.</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>Job Application Tip</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We recognise that candidates feel they need to meet 100% of the job criteria in order to apply for a job. Please note that this is only a guide. If you don’t tick every box, it’s ok too because it means you have room to learn and develop your career at SumUp.</span></p></div>