<div class="content-intro"><h2><strong>About Remote</strong></h2>
<div><span style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">Remote is solving modern organizations’ biggest challenge – navigating global employment compliantly with ease. We make it possible for businesses of all sizes to recruit, pay, and manage international teams. With our core values at heart and future focused work culture, our team works tirelessly on ambitious problems, asynchronously, around the world. You can find Remoters working from 6 different continents (Antarctica left to go!) and all of our positions are fully remote.<br><br><span class="discussion-id-2f7cb4da-dab4-8068-a80f-001c50b2d808 suggestion-update notion-enable-hover" data-token-index="0">With Innovation as one of the core values, we have built Automation and AI capabilities into the requirements for every role.</span><br><br>We encourage every member of the Remote team to bring their talents, experiences and culture to the table to help us build the best-in-class HR platform.</span></div>
<div>&nbsp;</div>
<div><span style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">If you are energetic, curious, motivated and ambitious, be part of our world. Apply now and define the future of work!</span></div></div><h2><strong>What this job can offer you</strong></h2>
<p>This is an exciting time to join Remote and make an impact in the global employment space as a <strong>Staff Product Designer</strong> joining our <strong>Pay Ecosystem Product Design</strong> team. Design at Remote is a 40+ multi-disciplinary team of designers and creatives passionate about crafting the experiences and touch-points that help Remote scale successfully and help customers attract, hire, manage and pay anyone, anywhere 🌍.</p>
<p>The payroll team helps build experiences that empower our customers to pay anyone, anywhere safely and compliantly. This is one of our most strategically important and high profile teams at Remote. Here you will be challenged as a designer in the best way - this role is filled with fascinating, complex and meaty challenges that require primary research, robust strategy, innovative concepts and simple but brilliant execution.</p>
<p>As <strong>Staff Product Designer</strong> you’ll be an IC leaders who can effectively drive the excellence of craft across several teams or a large, important area - and will be required to advocate and collaborate with product designers, engineers, product managers and stakeholders worldwide.</p>
<p>You can also check out our blog post on <a href="https://remote.com/blog/creative/design-recruitment">How to land a Design role at Remote</a>, and the Youtube <a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e9n6v4c\_I5A&amp;t=8s">link</a> to our Ask Me Anything event.</p>
<h2><strong>What you bring</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>An individual contributor designer who has exemplary experience designing, evolving and innovating user interfaces.</li>
<li>Our customers are enterprise users, therefore the ability to empathise with enterprise users and to apply user-centered design techniques to strengthen your design solutions at scale is crucial.</li>
<li>An impeccable portfolio of product design work, with substantial evidence that showcases both an ability to think in holistic, scalable systems, with a masterful understanding of visual and interaction design fundamentals.</li>
<li>You champion the importance of consistency and the impact of building things systematically and holistically, but also know where/when to prioritise innovation.</li>
<li>Masterful communication skills that help you build strong narratives around your design work, provide direction and guidance to others, as well as collaborate effectively with peers and stakeholders - with fluent written and spoken English.</li>
<li>You are used-to and comfortable in a high-growth, fast-paced environment with a work history that demonstrates your expert ability to autonomously take ownership of design for complex domains and multiple projects with overlapping organisational lines.</li>
<li>Strong evidence that you are an effective cross-functional collaborator with your product and engineering counterparts and are able to work effectively to build consensus and resolve debates and drive the business towards impactful outcomes.</li>
<li>You are a respected voice in an organization whose focus is not only improving the design system and product experience, but influencing quality, culture and ways of working.</li>
<li>Preference will be given to candidates who have experience designing complex B2B SaaS solutions for industries like HRTech, FinTech etc.</li>
<li>Candidates that embody and demonstrate our core <a href="https://www.notion.so/Values-d43475e8895c4b7c811490aef64782b3?pvs=21">values</a> at Remote.</li>
<li>While it is not required to have experience working remotely, it is considered a plus.</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Key Responsibilities&nbsp;</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Lead all design for your domain, making strategic design and user-experience decisions related to core features, as well as driving initiatives focused on future functionality.</li>
<li>Increase the level of team maturity through mentoring, giving and soliciting feedback and working collaboratively in order to continually raise our bar for quality.</li>
<li>Partner effectively with your cross-functional partners and stakeholders to understand the needs, challenges, and wishes of customers, generate creative ideas, validate viable solutions and implement to the highest standard.</li>
<li>Be self-driven and have a keen ability to work with minimal supervision and package and present solutions to the broader creative team - quickly and superbly.</li>
<li>Create user flows that range from low-fidelity wireframes to full-fidelity, pixel-ready designs that lead to intuitive user experiences.</li>
<li>Contribute to creating and maintaining our design system, participate in team critiques and reviews, lead cross-domain initiatives and facilitate design workshops.</li>
<li>Collaborate closely with engineering to build scalable, polished components and maintain parity between design and coded artefacts.</li>
<li>Leverage AI prototyping as a tool for exploring conceptual ideas, iterating with your cross-functional peers and these bringing ideas to life with functional flows.</li>
<li>Drive yourself and your peers to deliver the best quality of work, pixel-perfect in every way while embracing and encouraging new methods and ways of working.</li>
<li>Champion our experience principles by ensuring usability, scalability and accessibility in all aspects of your work.</li>
<li>Be an active member of our cross-functional culture by advocating quality, shaping our ways of working and providing peer support, critique and feedback to others.</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Practicals</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li><strong>You'll report to:</strong> Director of Product Design</li>
<li><strong>Team:</strong> Design</li>
<li><strong>Location</strong>: Anywhere in the World</li>
<li><strong>Start date</strong>: As soon as possible</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Application process</strong></h2>
<ol>
<li>Interview with Recruiter</li>
<li>Interview with Director of Product Design</li>
<li>Case study presentation (async)</li>
<li>Interview with the team</li>
<li><a href="https://www.notion.so/Bar-Raiser-Interviews-145cb4dadab4805386fbed0892ae0f53?pvs=21">Interview with a Bar Raiser</a></li>
<li>Interview with an Executive</li>
<li>Offer + <a href="https://www.notion.so/96e108c037b8423cbd4c3f07a1f9b38b?pvs=21">Prior employment verification check(s)</a></li>
</ol><div class="content-pay-transparency"><div class="pay-input"><div class="description"><p>Remote's <a href="https://www.notion.so/remotecom/people-Total-Rewards-1945bce8d3924ece9421ba8630f57b0c">Total Rewards philosophy</a> is to ensure fair, unbiased compensation and fair <span class="link-annotation-unknown-block-id-1691622878">equity</span><span class="discussion-level-1 discussion-id-f2a82bc4-09e4-4a71-ad93-755b1d26a690 notion-enable-hover" data-token-index="3"> pay </span>along with competitive benefits in all locations in which we operate. We do not agree to or encourage cheap-labor practices and therefore we ensure to pay above in-location rates. We hope to inspire other companies to support global talent-hiring and bring local wealth to developing countries.</p>
<p>At first glance our salary bands seem quite wide - here is some context. At Remote we have international operations and a globally distributed workforce.&nbsp; We use geo ranges to consider geographic pay differentials as part of our global compensation strategy to remain competitive in various markets while we hiring globally.<br><br>Our salary ranges are determined by role, level and location, and our job titles may span more than one career level. The actual base pay for the successful candidate in this role is dependent upon many factors such as location, transferable or job-related skills, work experience, relevant training, business needs, and market demands. The base salary range may be subject to change.<br><br><em data-stringify-type="italic">At Remote, we foster internal mobility as a key element of our culture of employee growth and development, supported by a compensation philosophy that guarantees pay equity and fairness. Therefore, all compensation changes associated with an internal move will be reviewed by the Total Rewards &amp; People Enablement team on a case by case basis.</em></p></div><div class="title">The annual salary range for this full-time position is</div><div class="pay-range"><span>$70,700</span><span class="divider">&mdash;</span><span>$159,050 USD</span></div></div></div><div class="content-conclusion"><h2><strong>Benefits</strong></h2>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section">
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">Our full benefits &amp; perks are explained in our handbook at&nbsp;<a class="c-link" href="http://remote.com/r/benefits" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="http://remote.com/r/benefits" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">remote.com/r/benefits</a>. As a global company, each country works differently, but some benefits/perks are for all Remoters:</span></div>
<ul class="p-rich\_text\_list p-rich\_text\_list\_\_bullet" data-stringify-type="unordered-list" data-indent="0" data-border="0">
<li style="font-size: 12pt;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">work from anywhere</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">flexible paid time off</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">flexible working hours (we are&nbsp;<a class="c-link" href="https://remote.com/async" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://www.notion.so/remotecom/Working-Async-at-Remote-80c01cd443ad4c77a8ceaef7c5fba5d0" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">async</a>)</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">16 weeks paid parental leave</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">mental health support services</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">stock options</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">learning budget</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">home office budget &amp; IT equipment</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">budget for local in-person social events or co-working spaces</span></li>
</ul>
</div>
<h2><strong>How you’ll plan your day (and life)</strong></h2>
<p><span style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">We work async at Remote which means you can plan your schedule around your life (and not around meetings). Read more at <a href="https://remote.com/async" target="\_blank">remote.com/async</a>.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">You will be empowered to take ownership and be proactive. When in doubt you will default to action instead of waiting. Your <strong>life-work balance</strong> is important and you will be encouraged to put yourself and your family first, and fit work around your needs.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">If that sounds like something you want, apply now!</span></p>
<h2><strong>How to apply</strong></h2>
<ol>
<li style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;"><span style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">Please fill out the form below and upload your CV with a PDF format.</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;"><span style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;"><strong data-stringify-type="bold">We kindly ask you to submit your application and CV in English, as this is the standardised language we use here at Remote.</strong></span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif; text-align: left;"><span style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">If you don’t have an up to date CV but you are still interested in talking to us, please feel free to add a copy of your LinkedIn profile instead.</span></li>
</ol>
<p><span style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">Not only do we encourage folks from all ethnic groups, genders, sexuality, age, abilities, disability status and any other under-represented group to apply, but we prioritize a sense of belonging. We have 4 ERGs (Women, Disability, Queer, Minorities in Tech) who meet regularly with the People team. During your interviews and beyond, we ask &amp; encourage anybody who needs an accommodation to request one from their recruiter.<br></span></p>
<p><span style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">We will ask you to voluntarily tell us your pronouns at interview stage, and you will have the option to answer our anonymous demographic questionnaire when you apply below. As an equal employment opportunity employer it’s important to us that our workforce reflects people of all backgrounds, identities, and experiences and this data will help us to stay accountable. We thank you for providing this data, if you chose to.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">At Remote, we embrace AI as a valuable tool while prioritizing human creativity and authenticity.&nbsp;We look forward to meeting candidates who balance innovation with genuine expertise and experience.&nbsp;To learn more about Remote's AI guidelines check see&nbsp;<a href="https://www.notion.so/remotecom/Guidelines-on-using-AI-when-applying-for-a-job-at-Remote-11ccb4dadab4805f80a7c73b6567bd8f" target="\_blank" data-saferedirecturl="https://www.google.com/url?q=https://www.notion.so/remotecom/Guidelines-on-using-AI-when-applying-for-a-job-at-Remote-11ccb4dadab4805f80a7c73b6567bd8f&amp;source=gmail&amp;ust=1733927526443000&amp;usg=AOvVaw2sIVooKuyGfRra1PtGXreV">here</a>.&nbsp;</span><br><br><span style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;"><em>Please note we accept applications on an ongoing basis.&nbsp;</em></span></p></div>