<p>Application Modernization Platform (“AMP”) is a MongoDB offering that modernises our customer’s legacy relational applications to a modern architecture underpinned by MongoDB using a combination of&nbsp; software, process, and engineers. In this offering, the people and software are inextricably linked and cannot be separated. The delivery happens in an accelerated timeframe wherein the team takes advantage of GenAI and algorithmic tooling to expedite the turn around time for application delivery.&nbsp;&nbsp;</p>
<p>AMP team generally works with enterprise grade customers, in all verticals on a variety of exciting use cases. This role solves technically sophisticated problems, gains incredible cross-stack experience, works with top-notch people in the business, addresses multiple customer facing opportunities. The role also becomes the forefront of groundbreaking R&amp;D that enables further acceleration for enterprises working across a variety of technologies.</p>
<p>AMP exists to expedite time to value for customers who are looking forward to changing, modernising and updating their tech stack while keeping MongoDB the cornerstone of their system architecture.</p>
<p>Work as a software developer in an Agile environment delivering solutions for customers focussed on migrating our customers’ legacy relational-based Java applications to a more modern cloud-based architecture running on MongoDB, leveraging the latest GenAI tools and approaches to accelerate this process. During each project, successful candidates will be required to innovate on potential new GenAI-based solutions for specific challenges in addition to applying existing playbooks and tooling for migration.</p>
<p>We are looking to speak to candidates who are based in Sofia, Bulgaria for our hybrid working model.</p>
<h3>Position Expectations</h3>
<ul>
<li>Assist in the development, testing, and deployment of Java-based applications using Spring Boot</li>
<li>Write clean, maintainable code following standard software development principles</li>
<li>Constantly learning and open to adopting new technologies and approaches on projects as they evolve, especially those relating to GenAI advancements</li>
<li>Participates as a software developer on small Agile teams, delivering software-based solutions for migrating and modernizing customer legacy applications to MongoDB</li>
<li>Follow existing best practice migration playbooks where applicable and be prepared to innovate to fill in gaps with creative solutions to solve challenges on each specific project</li>
<li>Take direction from the technical lead and project manager on projects, raising identified challenges and potential solutions to the team when applicable</li>
<li>Be prepared to change project direction if customer or account team priorities change</li>
</ul>
<h3>Requirements</h3>
<ul>
<li>Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Information Technology, or a related field</li>
<li>3-5 years of experience working as a JAVA software developer</li>
<li>Basic knowledge of Python (e.g., ability to read, understand, and write simple scripts for automation or data handling)</li>
<li>Good understanding of Java fundamentals and object-oriented programming</li>
<li>Experience (academic projects, internships, or personal work) with Spring Boot</li>
<li>Strong proficiency in Java</li>
<li>Strong experience in building applications that interact with relational databases using SQL</li>
<li>History of delivering high-cadence modern applications with applied Agile methodologies, test-first development approaches, adopting CI/CD pipelines and using Git version control</li>
</ul>
<h3>Nice-to-have skills</h3>
<ul>
<li>Exposure to building REST APIs with Spring Boot</li>
<li>Basic understanding of microservices concepts</li>
<li>Experience in performance and memory optimization of JAVA applications</li>
<li>Familiarity with tools like Postman, IntelliJ IDEA, and Maven/Gradle</li>
<li>Exposure to other languages or technologies like JavaScript</li>
<li>Understanding of ORM tools like Hibernate, Spring Data&nbsp; or JPA (even through coursework or self-study)</li>
<li>Extra bonus skills (if missing, we will provide rapid onboarding enablement on these)</li>
<li>Some experience in nascent GenAI technologies and approaches, such as using OpenAI API with GPT LLMs not purely through chat interfaces</li>
<li>Experience with AI-powered development tools like Cursor, Cline.bot, or similar code assistants.</li>
<li>Practical experience of using MongoDB</li>
</ul>
<h3>About MongoDB</h3>
<p>MongoDB is built for change, empowering our customers and our people to innovate at the speed of the market. We have redefined the database for the AI era, enabling innovators to create, transform, and disrupt industries with software. MongoDB’s unified database platform, the most widely available, globally distributed database on the market, helps organizations modernize legacy workloads, embrace innovation, and unleash AI. Our cloud-native platform, MongoDB Atlas, is the only globally distributed, multi-cloud database and is available across AWS, Google Cloud, and Microsoft Azure.</p>
<p>With offices worldwide and over 60,000 customers, including 75% of the Fortune 100 and AI-native startups, relying on MongoDB for their most important applications, we’re powering the next era of software.</p>
<p>Our compass at MongoDB is our <a href="https://www.mongodb.com/company">Leadership Commitment,</a> guiding how and why we make decisions, show up for each other, and win. It’s what makes us MongoDB.&nbsp;</p>
<p>To drive the personal growth and business impact of our employees, we’re committed to developing a supportive and enriching culture for everyone. <a href="https://www.mongodb.com/company/blog/culture/employee-benefits-that-make-a-difference-at-mongodb">From employee affinity groups, to fertility assistance and a generous parental leave policy</a>, we value our employees’ wellbeing and want to support them along every step of their professional and personal journeys.<a href="https://www.mongodb.com/blog/channel/culture"> Learn more about what it’s like to work at MongoDB</a>, and help us make an impact on the world!</p>
<p>MongoDB is committed to providing any necessary accommodations for individuals with disabilities within our application and interview process. To request an accommodation due to a disability, please inform your recruiter.</p>
<p>MongoDB is an equal opportunities employer.</p>
<p>Req ID: 1273400258</p>