## Your Mission

At MBition we create the base building blocks for next generation infotainment systems, build system and user-facing applications and integrate those components into the car infotainment systems. <br><br>This student job offers an exciting opportunity to dive into the world of test automation, specifically focusing on cutting-edge infotainment systems in the automotive industry. You'll gain valuable hands-on experience by contributing to the design and development of automated test cases and executing automated scripts to ensure the quality and functionality of in-car technologies.<br>As part of the team, you will work closely with experienced professionals, receiving mentorship and benefiting from learning and development opportunities. This role provides practical insights into software development concepts and testing methodologies within a real-world automotive environment. It's an ideal chance to apply your analytical thinking and communication skills while working with advanced systems that define the future of mobility.

## Sneak preview of your future tasks

<ul><li>Create test cases </li><li>Implement test automation test scripts</li><li>Planning test activities</li><li>Support in analysing test results</li><li>Documenting the test progress</li></ul>

## Your Profile

<strong>Education:</strong><br><ul><li>Ongoing studies in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Embedded System, Information Technology, Communication Technology or a comparable qualification</li></ul><strong>Experience:</strong><br><ul><li>Strong experience with Python and web technologies (JavaScript, TypeScript, React, CSS, HTML), node.js, Java</li><li>Experience with test automation and Software testing experience</li><li>Knowledge about testing frameworks and hardware</li><li>Experience with version control and CI/CD (such as Git, GitLab CI and Jenkins)</li><li>Linux scripting knowledge (such as BASH)</li><li>Familiar with docker containers and automated software deployment (Ansible, AWX)</li></ul><strong>Nice to have:</strong><br><ul><li>Experience in automotive industry and/or embedded SW testing (such as robot framework)</li><li>Experience with in-vehicle infotainment systems</li><li>Experience with simulation tools (CANoe)</li><li>Experience with Terraform, Kubernetes, Grafana, Prometheus, ELK, Nginx, Databases (MySQL), AWS (Cloud)</li></ul><strong>Language skills:</strong><br><ul><li>Proficient in English</li><li>German is a nice to have</li></ul>

## Why us?

<ul><li>A chance to work on a new generation of Infotainment Systems, which will power millions of cars</li><li>An international, interdisciplinary software hub, which is part of the Mercedes Benz AG</li><li>Great company values that we are passionate about and live by every day at work. Have a look for yourself at <a href="http://mbition.io/">mbition.io</a> and scroll down to The MBition Experience</li><li>Agile working methods and open feedback culture</li><li>A brand new modern and fully accessible office facing the Spree</li><li>Flexible working hours</li></ul>

## Interested?

We look forward to receiving your complete application, including CV (in English or German) and relevant references with the following information:<br><ul><li>Job title and reference number</li><li>Salary expectations</li><li>Earliest start date</li><li>Please only apply when you are currently enrolled in a university/hochschule</li><li>Must be based in Berlin or willing to relocate</li></ul>You don't bring everything with you? Don't worry, MBition is proud of our diverse workforce and passionate about having MBitioneers from all backgrounds and perspectives. MBition is and always will be an equal opportunity employer. We are looking for employees who convince us above all with their personality and passionately motivated to join the team!