<div class="content-intro"><p><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif; font-size: 12pt;">Airbnb was born in 2007 when two hosts welcomed three guests to their San Francisco home, and has since grown to over 5 million hosts who have welcomed over 2 billion guest arrivals in almost every country across the globe. Every day, hosts offer unique stays and experiences that make it possible for guests to connect with communities in a more authentic way.</span></p></div><p><strong>The Community You Will Join:</strong></p>
<p>Our Product Marketing team imagines the ideal experience for our community and works backwards, creating innovative products that delight our guests and hosts. They deeply understand the needs of our users and translate these into a product strategy that combines strong product thinking and deep research. They partner with talented cross-functional team members across engineering, design, operations, data science, and more, leading teams to execute a shared vision. They are incredibly detail-oriented, hands on and excellent communicators, capable of crafting compelling stories for both internal and external audiences.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>The Difference You Will Make:</strong></p>
<p>The International Product Marketing team is part of the worldwide Product Marketing team and we are looking for entrepreneurial product experts who are ready to jump in, roll their sleeves up and integrate with local teams, while maintaining close alignment with the global organization. This role will help build out the new functional area outside of the US and will be instrumental in shaping the organization as it evolves. The cross functional model we use at Airbnb requires close partnerships&nbsp; across multiple teams – this role requires a highly collaborative, flexible individual who can influence and collaborate with teams across the world.</p>
<p>As the Product Manager based in our EMEA region, you will report to the Product Marketing Director for International Markets. You will play a pivotal role in understanding the needs, pain points, and wants&nbsp; of users and translate those insights into innovative product features, capabilities and marketing strategies. The ideal candidate will possess a deep understanding of the travel industry at a market and broader regional level, and have a proven track record of driving product innovation. You will collaborate with the global business and country teams to develop partnerships that accelerate existing and new businesses. You will drive features in major releases and for test and learn pilots, after having successfully championed for customization and features for your target country/region. You will also determine how they are communicated to the public and the media in your region in partnership with the communications and marketing teams. You are responsible for the success of Airbnb products throughout their life cycle — from concept to release. You will be the voice of our products for the market in your region and love the journey from taking a product from idea to reality.</p>
<p>This role is based either in London or Paris (or within easy commuting distance of these cities).&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>A Typical Day:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Build deep expertise on Airbnb in your market/region through user research, marketplace data, and an understanding of the competitive landscape and be capable of synthesizing in a cohort product story input from multiple stakeholders and sources.</li>
<li>Work with other functional leaders in your market/region to articulate the product vision, strategy, and roadmap for Airbnb products and new businesses.</li>
<li>Implement best-in-class product development and management practices.</li>
<li>Maintain and articulate a product feature and roadmap prioritization plan in collaboration with local teams.</li>
<li>Advocate for and execute new products that deliver impact for our business and users.</li>
<li>Communicate concisely and influence outcomes across all levels of the company, including country and regional executive teams</li>
<li>Drive alignment across product teams (Technology, Design) and key cross-functional partners (Business, Supply, FP&amp;A, Marketing, Global Operations, Customer Support, Trust, etc.) to ensure initiatives are prioritized for wider roll-out or piloted to test and learn</li>
<li>Define goals and success with clearly measurable objectives and key results for your area.</li>
<li>Build and seamlessly integrate partnerships in your country/region that expand existing businesses and build new ones.</li>
<li>Navigate regulatory and government requirements in partnership with Policy/Comms and regions/markets.</li>
<li>Craft the product narrative and marketing strategies that communicate the benefits and features of our products both internally and externally in collaboration with comms and other cross functional partners.</li>
<li>Develop and deliver engaging product demos to press, showcasing key features and functionalities.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Your Expertise:</strong><strong><br></strong></p>
<ul>
<li>8-12 years of product management experience.</li>
<li>Fluency in English and at least one other European language (strong preference for Spanish, French, or German) due to market needs.</li>
<li>Demonstrated track record of product leadership.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Comfortable with doing <strong>individual contributor</strong> product management work.</li>
<li>Success in building and scaling global consumer products and ecosystems that people love.</li>
<li>Experience creating product messaging and delivering to customers and the media.</li>
<li>Entrepreneurial track record of taking an idea to reality – start up experience a plus while capable of operating in a larger organization.</li>
<li>Ability to effectively use data and perform business analysis to support product strategy/decisions.</li>
<li>Capable of driving execution across teams in a fast-paced environment.</li>
<li>Highly collaborative and results oriented.</li>
</ul>
<p><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; color: #000000;"><strong>Our Commitment To Inclusion &amp; Belonging:</strong></span></p>
<p><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; color: #000000;">Airbnb is committed to working with the broadest talent pool possible. We believe diverse ideas foster innovation and engagement, and allow us to attract creatively-led people, and to develop the best products, services and solutions. All qualified individuals are encouraged to apply.</span></p><div class="content-pay-transparency"><div class="pay-input"><div class="description"><p><span style="font-size: 16px;"><strong><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; color: rgb(0, 0, 0);">How We'll Take Care of You:</span></strong></span></p>
<p><span style="font-size: 16px;">Our job titles may span more than one career level. The actual base pay is dependent upon many factors, such as: training, transferable skills, work experience, business needs and market demands. The base pay range shown below is annualized, is subject to change and may be modified in the future. This role may also be eligible for bonus, equity, benefits, and Employee Travel Credits.</span></p></div><div class="title">France Annual Pay Range</div><div class="pay-range"><span>€98.000</span><span class="divider">&mdash;</span><span>€123.000 EUR</span></div></div><div class="pay-input"><div class="description"><p><span style="font-size: 16px;"><strong><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; color: rgb(0, 0, 0);">How We'll Take Care of You:</span></strong></span></p>
<p><span style="font-size: 16px;">Our job titles may span more than one career level. The actual base pay is dependent upon many factors, such as: training, transferable skills, work experience, business needs and market demands. The base pay range shown below is annualized, is subject to change and may be modified in the future. This role may also be eligible for bonus, equity, benefits, and Employee Travel Credits.</span></p></div><div class="title">United Kingdom Annual Pay Range</div><div class="pay-range"><span>£112,000</span><span class="divider">&mdash;</span><span>£140,000 GBP</span></div></div></div>