<div class="content-intro"><h2><span data-sheets-root="1">About Wolt</span></h2>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">At Wolt, we create technology that brings joy, simplicity and earnings to the neighborhoods of the world. In 2014 we started with delivery of restaurant food. Now we’re building the delivery of (almost) everything and you’ll find us in over 500 cities in 30 countries around the world. In 2022 we joined forces with DoorDash and together we keep on dreaming big and expanding across the globe.<br><br>Working at Wolt isn’t always easy, but it’s definitely exciting. Here you’ll learn more, build more, and ship more than in most other companies. You’ll be challenged a lot, but also have a lot of fun on the way. So, if you’re a self-starter with drive and entrepreneurial spirit, this could be the ride of your life.</span></p></div><p>Are you a team player with great communication skills? Do you enjoy working in a dynamic environment? If your answer is yes - then read further!&nbsp;</p>
<p>We are looking for part-time (10h/week) Support Associates to join our support team in Oslo. 🤩</p>
<h2><strong>What you’ll be doing</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Supporting our customers, courier partners and venues via live chat, email and phone&nbsp;</li>
<li>Ensuring that the delivery operations run smoothly</li>
<li>Developing our support function together with the support team as well as other teams within Wolt</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Our humble expectations</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>You have great communication skills with a personal touch, and a customer-obsessed and team-oriented mindset</li>
<li>You are a fast learner, you have no problem with multitasking, and you are ready to work in a fast-paced environment</li>
<li>You can work in flexible shifts across weekday evenings and weekends - our support is open seven days a week</li>
<li>You can work from our office at Kongens gate 4, 0153 Oslo - we don't provide possibilities to work remotely</li>
<li>You are fluent in Norwegian language and you have professional working proficiency in English</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>What you’ll get by joining us</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Wolt credits cashback benefit</li>
<li>Visma Advantage Benefits Program&nbsp;</li>
<li>Employee assistance program&nbsp;</li>
<li>Wolt-wide training programs&nbsp;</li>
<li>Fruits and drinks at the office</li>
</ul>
<p>We will be reviewing applications on an on-going basis, so send through your application in English along with your CV as soon as possible! 💙</p>
<p><strong>❗️Please note that using ChatGPT or another AI tool in your application questions is not permitted. We want to see your own personal touch and tone of voice in your responses❗️</strong></p>
<p><strong><iframe src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/dob25eOXkyA?si=8DEO2D4a4yrKenex" width="560" height="314"></iframe></strong></p><div class="content-conclusion"><h2><span data-sheets-root="1">Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion</span></h2>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">We’re committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. That’s why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.</span></p></div>