<p>As an Account Executive, Growth, you will play a pivotal role in driving the growth and success of MongoDB. You will be responsible for identifying and pursuing new business opportunities, cultivating relationships with key stakeholders, and ensuring the successful adoption of our solutions.</p>
<p>We are looking to speak to candidates who are based in Singapore for our hybrid working model.</p>
<h3>What You’ll Be Doing</h3>
<ul>
<li>Strategically prospect into CTOs, Engineering/IT leaders, and technical end users in Philippines market, within the Financial Services Industry (FSI)</li>
<li>Build strong and effective relationships, resulting in growth opportunities</li>
<li>Manage the full sales cycle for all MongoDB Products &amp; Services</li>
<li>Develop and execute a strategic territory plan to achieve revenue targets</li>
<li>Build a sales pipeline in Salesforce and Terret while maximizing prospecting tools such as Sales Navigator, ZoomInfo, Sendoso, and Outreach</li>
<li>Collaborate with the sales ecosystem to drive sales initiatives and partnerships</li>
</ul>
<h3>What You’ll Bring To The Role</h3>
<ul>
<li>8+ years of full-cycle sales experience, with an emphasis on closing new customers</li>
<li>Must have prior experience covering the Philippines market, particularly within the Financial Services Industry (FSI)</li>
<li>Native Filipino / English language skills and a strong understanding of the Philippines market.</li>
<li>Demonstrated success with cold calling and creative pipeline generation strategies</li>
<li>A proven track record of overachievement and hitting sales targets</li>
<li>Ability to articulate the business value of complex enterprise technology</li>
</ul>
<h3>Things we love</h3>
<ul>
<li>Passionate about growing your career in the largest market in software (database)</li>
<li>Previous Sales Methodology training (e.g. MEDDIC, SPIN, Challenger Sales)</li>
<li>Familiarity with databases, develops and open source technology a plus</li>
</ul>
<h3>Why join now</h3>
<ul>
<li>MongoDB prides themselves in the development of each of our new hires &amp; continuous career development</li>
<li>Best in breed Sales trainings in MEDDIC and Command of the Message, including our comprehensive Sales Bootcamps and development programs</li>
<li>New hire stock equity (RSUs) and employee stock purchase plan</li>
<li>Generous and competitive <a href="https://www.mongodb.com/company/blog/culture/employee-benefits-that-make-a-difference-at-mongodb">benefits</a> (parental leave, fertility &amp; wellbeing support)</li>
<li>Friendly and inclusive workplace culture</li>
</ul>
<h3>About MongoDB</h3>
<p>MongoDB is built for change, empowering our customers and our people to innovate at the speed of the market. We have redefined the database for the AI era, enabling innovators to create, transform, and disrupt industries with software. MongoDB’s unified database platform, the most widely available, globally distributed database on the market, helps organizations modernize legacy workloads, embrace innovation, and unleash AI. Our cloud-native platform, MongoDB Atlas, is the only globally distributed, multi-cloud database and is available across AWS, Google Cloud, and Microsoft Azure.</p>
<p>With offices worldwide and over 60,000 customers, including 75% of the Fortune 100 and AI-native startups, relying on MongoDB for their most important applications, we’re powering the next era of software.</p>
<p>Our compass at MongoDB is our <a href="https://www.mongodb.com/company">Leadership Commitment,</a> guiding how and why we make decisions, show up for each other, and win. It’s what makes us MongoDB.&nbsp;</p>
<p>To drive the personal growth and business impact of our employees, we’re committed to developing a supportive and enriching culture for everyone. <a href="https://www.mongodb.com/company/blog/culture/employee-benefits-that-make-a-difference-at-mongodb">From employee affinity groups, to fertility assistance and a generous parental leave policy</a>, we value our employees’ wellbeing and want to support them along every step of their professional and personal journeys.<a href="https://www.mongodb.com/blog/channel/culture"> Learn more about what it’s like to work at MongoDB</a>, and help us make an impact on the world!</p>
<p>MongoDB is committed to providing any necessary accommodations for individuals with disabilities within our application and interview process. To request an accommodation due to a disability, please inform your recruiter.</p>
<p>MongoDB is an equal opportunities employer.</p>
<p>Req ID: 1273418718</p>