<p><strong>About Nanonets</strong></p>
<p>Nanonets has a vision to help computers see the world starting with reading and understanding documents.Machine Learning (ML) is no longer a futuristic concept—it's a present-day powerhouse transforming the business landscape. Nanonets is at the forefront of this transformation, offering innovative ML solutions designed to make document related processes faster than ever before.</p>
<p>From automating data extraction processes to enhancing reconciliation, our solutions are designed to revolutionize workflows, optimize operations, and unlock untapped potential for our clients. Our client footprint spans across brands such as Toyota, Boston Scientific, Bill.com and Entergy to name a few enabling businesses across a myriad of industries to unlock the potential of their visual and textual data</p>
<p>We recently announced a series B round of $29 million in funding by Accel and are backed by the likes of existing investors including Elevation Capital &amp; YCombinator. This infusion of capital underscores our commitment to driving innovation and expanding our reach in delivering cutting-edge AI solutions to businesses worldwide.</p>
<p>Read about the release here: <a href="https://www.forbes.com/sites/davidprosser/2024/03/12/why-enterprises-are-learning-to-love-nanonets-automation/?sh=6d79ec8f3ca1">Forbes</a> | <a href="https://techcrunch.com/2024/03/12/nanonets-funding-accel-india/">TechCrunch</a></p>
<p>We’re on a mission to hire the very best and are committed to creating exceptional employee experiences where everyone is respected and has access to equal opportunity.</p>
<p><strong>About the role</strong></p>
<p>As we continue to scale, we are looking to hire a dynamic and results-driven Product Manager to join our growing team at Nanonets. You will be playing a key role in building solutions and driving forward the product roadmap. You will be deeply engaged in understanding our customers, prioritizing pain points to solve, converting them into detailed stories, and seeing them through to releases.<span class="Apple-converted-space">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><strong>What we’re looking for</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>4+ years of experience, including experience working on user-facing SAAS products.</li>
<li>At least 2+ years of hands-on experience in software engineering.</li>
<li>Background in Machine Learning not a requirement but a major plus.</li>
<li>Impact focused and a consistent history of delivering measurable results for both users and the business.</li>
<li>Ability to think big and small to build incremental features and prototypes in service of a larger vision. You are as comfortable working in paper-prototypes as you are building out scalable features for demanding enterprise clients and know when to do which.</li>
<li>Comfort and skill at presenting to and gaining traction with audiences of all sizes — from executive meetings with our CEO and customer syncs to company all-hands and external events You are a self-motivated team player with the ability to work in fast-paced environments with minimal oversight.</li>
<li>Product sense and craftsmanship. You will own important product interactions with every Nanonets customer and should show the attention to detail this responsibility deserves.</li>
<li>You listen well. You build consensus by default, but can drive hard decisions when needed. You push the pace. You take blame and pass on praise. People love working with you.</li>
<li>Bachelor’s degree in Engineering or Technology preferable from a Tier 1 college.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>What you’ll do</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Develop the product vision, strategy, and roadmap for Nanonets customers to fully deploy Nanonets to serve their partners and customers.</li>
<li>Product Strategy: Collaborate with cross-functional teams to define and execute the product roadmap, considering market trends, competitive landscape, and customer feedback.</li>
<li>Requirements Gathering: Conduct thorough market research and engage with stakeholders to identify user needs, pain points, and opportunities for product improvement.</li>
<li>New Feature Development: Evaluate feature requests and prioritize them based on business value, technical feasibility, and customer impact.</li>
<li>Product Development: Work closely with engineering teams throughout the development lifecycle, providing clear requirements, feedback, and guidance to ensure timely delivery of high-quality features.</li>
<li>Product Launch: Coordinate product launches, including developing go-to-market strategies, creating marketing collateral, and conducting training sessions for internal teams and clients.</li>
<li>Performance Analysis: Define key performance metrics and track product performance post-launch, leveraging data analytics to identify areas for optimization and iteration.</li>
</ul>