<p><strong>This is Adyen</strong></p>
<p>Adyen provides payments, data, and financial products in a single solution for customers like Meta, Uber, H&amp;M, and Microsoft - making us the financial technology platform of choice. At Adyen, everything we do is engineered for ambition.&nbsp;</p>
<p>For our teams, we create an environment with opportunities for our people to succeed, backed by the culture and support to ensure they are enabled to truly own their careers. We are motivated individuals who tackle unique technical challenges at scale and solve them as a team. Together, we deliver innovative and ethical solutions that help businesses achieve their ambitions faster.</p>
<p>Enterprise Risk is a function in Adyen’s Second Line organization. The function manages a wide range of risk management topics ranging from Financial risk to Technology risk and from Strategic risk to Operational risk. The function has a key role in Adyen’s risk management framework and has a strategic and advisory role by independently challenging, overseeing, and advising the rest of the company.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Senior Data Analyst - Risk</strong></p>
<p>We're looking for a proactive, technical, and thorough Data Analyst to join our Enterprise Risk team in Amsterdam. As part of the Enterprise Risk team within Adyen’s Second Line, you will work alongside risk experts and data analysts to reimagine risk management through technology, embedding new functionalities that drive automation, optimization, and data-driven decision-making. Our mission is to empower Second Line (risk) teams with innovative solutions and actionable insights while building the foundation for an automated risk management landscape.&nbsp;</p>
<p>While financial and risk acumen are a big plus, strong technical skills in data transformation, data governance, and automation are very important for this role. What sets you apart for this role are strong technical skills in data transformation, data analytics, and stakeholder management.</p>
<p><strong>What you’ll do</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Build and scale; design the foundation of Enterprise Risk’s data capabilities and identify growth areas that multiply the effectiveness of the team.</li>
<li>Develop, optimize and maintain our BI infrastructure on Looker using SQL and Python.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Create scalable solutions to risk management that ensure data accuracy, consistency, and accessibility.</li>
<li>Drive the automation of manual risk assessment processes by identifying opportunities for optimization and implementing technical solutions to improve efficiency.</li>
<li>Partner closely with the different teams in Enterprise Risk to understand their needs, leverage their expertise and capacity, and simplify complexity through smart, user-focused solutions.</li>
<li>Liaise with other Data teams in the Second Line and leverage their expertise to apply to Enterprise Risk’s scope.</li>
<li>Champion data governance and data quality by ensuring data integrity, security, and access control through best practices.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Who you are</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>An experienced data professional with a proven track record of 5+ years in a (technical) data analyst, business intelligence, or similar role.</li>
<li>Proficient in Python, SQL, PySpark, and BI tools (e.g. Looker). Experience with big data tools like Spark, Hadoop, Git, and Airflow is a strong advantage.</li>
<li>You enjoy working in a high-paced, technology-driven environment where you may need to shift priorities.</li>
<li>You work with intention, a strong sense of ownership, and a bias for action.</li>
<li>You are comfortable talking straight and challenging the status quo, specifically with the ability to interact and collaborate with a variety of internal stakeholders from diverse disciplines and cultures.</li>
<li>Self-motivated, proactive, and result driven, always searching for scalable ways to streamline and add value to the business with attention to detail and high quality results.</li>
<li>You hold a track record of various initiatives and implementation of them.</li>
<li>An excellent communicator and collaborator, with the ability to translate complex technical concepts into clear and actionable insights for both technical and non-technical audiences.</li>
<li>Experience working with risk management, financial data, and banking are a big plus</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Our Diversity, Equity and Inclusion commitments&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Our unique approach is a product of our diverse perspectives. This diversity of backgrounds and cultures is essential in helping us maintain our momentum. Our business and technical challenges are unique, and we need as many different voices as possible to join us in solving them - voices like yours. No matter who you are or where you’re from, we welcome you to be your true self at Adyen.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Studies show that women and members of underrepresented communities apply for jobs only if they meet 100% of the qualifications. Does this sound like you? If so, Adyen encourages you to reconsider and apply. We look forward to your application!</span></p>
<p><strong>What’s next?</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Ensuring a smooth and enjoyable candidate experience is critical for us. We aim to get back to you regarding your application within 5 business days. Our interview process tends to take about 4 weeks to complete, but may fluctuate depending on the role. </span><a href="https://careers.adyen.com/how-we-hire"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Learn more about our hiring process here</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">. Don’t be afraid to let us know if you need more flexibility.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This role is based out of our Amsterdam office. We are an office-first company and value in-person collaboration; we do not offer remote-only roles.</span></p>