<h4><strong>Snapshot</strong></h4>
<p>We’re looking for a talented Events Manager to join our London based events team at an exciting time in our history.&nbsp;&nbsp;</p>
<p>This is a rare opportunity to plan and deliver events that help drive connection, collaboration and knowledge sharing across multiple locations, time zones and disciplines to both internal and external audiences.&nbsp; Our events play a key role in supporting Google DeepMind’s mission and priorities by bringing together our internal teams to share and collaborate as well as educating and sharing knowledge with key external audiences.</p>
<h4><strong>About Us</strong></h4>
<p><strong>&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>Artificial Intelligence could be one of humanity’s most useful inventions. At Google DeepMind, we’re a team of scientists, engineers, machine learning experts and more, working together to advance the state of the art in artificial intelligence. We use our technologies for widespread public benefit and scientific discovery, and collaborate with others on critical challenges, ensuring safety and ethics are the highest priority.</p>
<h4><strong>The Role</strong></h4>
<h4>This is a 12 month fixed term contract opportunity to join our Event Programs team.&nbsp;</h4>
<p>As a Google DeepMind Events Manager, you will be a part of the Global Events and Experiences team, collaborating closely with teams across Google DeepMind, bringing our work to life for both internal and external audiences.&nbsp; These events may include conferences, town halls, hackathons, team offsites, social events, policy and developer events and will take place both on campus and at external venues.</p>
<p><strong>Key responsibilities:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Lead the end-to-end design of bespoke, world-class experiences. Move beyond the "standard" to pioneer unique, innovation-led environments that authentically reflect and amplify the cutting-edge mission of Google DeepMind.</li>
<li>Continuously evolve our internal and external event programs. You will identify opportunities to disrupt traditional formats, utilising creative technology and experiential design to create inspiring moments of connection.</li>
<li>Partner with cross-functional teams (Workplace, Comms, Marketing, Finance) to translate complex objectives into seamless, narrative-driven experiences.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Thrive in a fast-paced environment and respond nimbly to stakeholder briefs, often with short lead times.</li>
<li>Act as a trusted advisor and creative thought partner to senior stakeholders and leadership.</li>
<li>Project manage a portfolio of complex, high-stakes activations simultaneously. You will create the detailed project plans whilst managing timelines, workstreams and&nbsp; risk assessments.</li>
<li>Manage the full lifecycle of event production, from rigorous budget management and contract negotiation to collaborating with a roster of top-tier external agencies and vendors.</li>
<li>Ensure all activities are compliant with Google's health, safety, and governance policies</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li>Undertake some international travel as needed.</li>
</ul>
<h4><strong>About You</strong></h4>
<p>You are&nbsp; a motivated, curious and approachable individual with solid events experience, who wants to work for a fast-paced and ambitious company with events playing an integral part to its success. You should be a strong all-round events professional with a good understanding of all aspects of event management, catering to both internal and external audiences.</p>
<p>In order to set you up for success as an Events Manager at Google DeepMind,&nbsp; we look for the following skills and experience:</p>
<ul>
<li>A deep, genuine passion for the frontier of technology and AI. The ability to translate concepts into immersive event narratives that captivate audiences.</li>
<li>An enthusiasm for the new, always looking for emerging trends in experiential design, eager to pilot cutting-edge formats that surprise and delight.</li>
<li>A portfolio that demonstrates a breadth of events of varying scope, scale, complexity and audiences.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Exceptional project management skills, able to simultaneously manage multiple events with tight deadlines.</li>
<li>A proactive problem solver.</li>
<li>Naturally curious with a passion for learning about science and artificial intelligence and adopting the latest technology.</li>
<li>Deep knowledge of the events industry and current and future trends.</li>
<li>Track record of hiring and managing agencies and other partners.</li>
<li>Budget management skills.</li>
<li>Comfortable navigating change and ambiguity and working independently.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Collaborative and inclusive approach.</li>
<li>Flexibility to travel as needed.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Experience in the technology sector, including in the field of artificial intelligence.</li>
<li>Minimum of 8 years events experience</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Application deadline:</strong> 20th Feb 2026</p>
<p>At Google DeepMind, we value diversity of experience, knowledge, backgrounds and perspectives and harness these qualities to create extraordinary impact. We are committed to equal employment opportunities regardless of sex, race, religion or belief, ethnic or national origin, disability, age, citizenship, marital, domestic or civil partnership status, sexual orientation, gender identity, pregnancy, or related condition (including breastfeeding) or any other basis as protected by applicable law. If you have a disability or additional need that requires accommodation, please do not hesitate to let us know.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>