<p>At Stripe, our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet. We build the most powerful and flexible tools for running an internet business globally. We handle billions of dollars each year and enable millions of users around the world to scale faster and more efficiently by building their businesses on Stripe. Our tax team works with Stripes across the company to develop an efficient tax structure, as our international business scales and expands into new markets. We are looking for a well-rounded and seasoned tax professional to help us lead this effort.</p>
<p>This function will be responsible for the global Indirect Tax (VAT/GST) Compliance of our Stripe business. This includes building and implementing VAT/GST compliance processes and controls, supporting management, and working with our indirect tax advisory, systems &amp; compliance leads on day to day matters, and much more.</p>
<p>The position will be based in Bangalore and report to the International Indirect Tax Lead.</p>
<p><strong>Responsibilities</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Oversee and manage our global indirect tax compliance function ensuring compliance with VAT/GST, and other indirect tax obligations across multiple jurisdictions.</li>
<li>Manage VAT/GST registrations across tax authorities.</li>
<li>Management of indirect tax audits and other indirect tax matters involving tax authorities.</li>
<li>Collaborate with the international indirect tax planning and advisory team, the international accounting teams and third party service providers on VAT/GST, assisting with the ongoing enhancement of the indirect tax compliance and control processes.</li>
<li>Work with other tax team members and product and engineering teams to help define compliance requirements and collaborate on the design and implementation of VAT/GST controls.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Promote indirect tax awareness and knowledge including training and liaising with business and tax partners on changes to indirect tax legislation, systems, policies and processes.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>We are looking for someone with:</strong>&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>4-6 years of experience in global indirect tax compliance, with experience managing large-scale tax initiatives.</li>
<li>Previous in-house experience within a multinational business and either legal or accountancy firm experience.</li>
<li>Deep understanding of global indirect tax laws and regulations, including VAT and GST.</li>
<li>Understanding of diverse business models and associated tax implications, including intercompany service entities and reseller arrangements.</li>
<li>Exceptional time-management and project-management skills.</li>
<li>Excellent verbal and written communication skills. You should be able to adjust your communication style based on your audience (users, product teams, advisors, etc.).&nbsp;</li>
<li>The ability to prioritize projects in a fast-changing environment.</li>
<li>Tax qualification or experience.</li>
<li>Experience in supporting internal and external audit queries.</li>
<li>Cross functional experience, in particular with system engineers, international accounting, Tax, user support.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Systems experience (i.e Oracle AP/AR modules, Alterix, hubble queries).&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Preferred qualifications:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>An advanced degree or professional qualification (CTA/CPA, or equivalent, Masters in Tax, or LLM or equivalent) in tax, law or accounting.&nbsp;&nbsp;</li>
<li>Experience working in technology, payments, or financial services.</li>
<li>Experience working in a high-growth, rapidly scaling environment.</li>
<li>A willingness to work with a diverse crew of tax nerds who care deeply about Stripe’s tax issues and each other.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>To apply please include the following:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>LinkedIn profile and resume</li>
</ul>