<p><strong>Who We Are&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies—from the world’s largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyone’s reach while doing the most important work of your career.</p>
<h3><strong>About the team</strong></h3>
<p>The Escalations team offers a single point-of-entry for all user escalations raised by Stripes on behalf of a user. This team is accountable for all user escalation resolutions by either direct responsibility for resolution or by partnering with other support and non-support teams to facilitate a resolution. We aim to help users find speedy issue resolution and alleviate confusion and unnecessary effort from non-Support Stripes to do this. We will dig into specific user escalations to find top drivers for our most frequent and painful issues affecting our largest users as well as analyze the experience for the broader subset of users.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Ultimately, these cases often shine a light on points of failure within Stripe, and the User Escalations team has the opportunity to create transformative user experiences, while also helping edit Stripe to rectify the structural issues that resulted in the escalation in the first place.</p>
<p>This is a high visibility, high impact role, with the responsibility to work with users and cross functional stakeholders, all while helping build this team from the ground up.</p>
<h2><strong>What you’ll do</strong></h2>
<p>In this role, you will play a vital part in addressing user escalations at Stripe, focusing on swift and effective resolution. You’ll engage directly with users and the reporters of the escalations, while also collaborating with product and engineering teams to ensure user issues are resolved effectively. Additionally, you will leverage data and insights to identify trends, root causes and drive support&nbsp; improvements across the wider organization.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Responsibilities</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Respond to incoming User Escalations from Stripes in a timely manner (within agreed service levels) as well as triage, scope, and support to resolution</li>
<li>Communicate directly with users to solve the most painful problems, via email and phone&nbsp;</li>
<li>Be accountable for timely and accurate resolution for all User Escalations within agreed service levels</li>
<li>Directly, or in partnership with other Stripe teams, drive fast resolution and demonstrate extreme ownership in solving users issues completely</li>
<li>Conduct thorough, data-driven root causes analyses of escalations, and work with partner teams to validate findings</li>
<li>Share findings and insights with leaders through forums and presentations</li>
<li>Collaborate with partner teams to identify remediations to address root causes of escalations and drive change from a users’ first mentality&nbsp;</li>
<li>Challenge the status quo, identifying how and where Stripe needs to improve to better serve users</li>
<li>Help build the team and process from the ground up&nbsp;</li>
<li>Support training and socialization efforts for process adoption across Stripe</li>
<li>Build relationships with partner teams and drive accountability for completion of remediations</li>
<li>Understand and help influence the relevant product roadmaps that will address the most frequent user escalations</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Who you are</strong></h2>
<p>We’re looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.</p>
<h3><strong>Minimum requirements</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>At least 2+ years of experience in a user support (customer facing) role</li>
<li>Prior experience in troubleshooting and working on short SLA cases / escalations.</li>
<li>Prior experience working on projects or process improvement initiatives</li>
<li>Sound judgment and impeccable attention to detail</li>
<li>Deep sense of customer care and users-first perspective&nbsp;</li>
<li>Unflappable, exothermic energy under pressure&nbsp;</li>
<li>Comfort with ambiguity and a proven ability to create order out of chaos by building processes that help the team run better and deliver a better user experience&nbsp;</li>
<li>Solid stakeholder management skills and an ability to influence others to drive progress</li>
<li>A sense of urgency and a drive to see issues through to resolution</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Preferred Qualifications:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Experience leading multiple concurrent projects</li>
<li>Analytical rigor and the ability to use data to inform decisions; comfort with SQL is a plus&nbsp;</li>
<li>Experience in large / enterprise users is a plus.</li>
</ul>