<h3>Team Description</h3>
<p>MongoDB seeks an experienced Lead Software Engineer to help level up TechOps and launch a new internal engineering team. This team will work alongside the Internal Engineering department, building enterprise-grade software to enable coworkers to be more effective and efficient. As a Lead Engineer, you’ll be both a contributing engineer and manager, guiding a team of software engineers while actively contributing to codebases that support internal tools and platforms.</p>
<p>We are looking to speak to candidates who are based in Gurugram for our hybrid working model.</p>
<h3>Position Expectations</h3>
<ul>
<li>Manage a team of 3-4 software engineers</li>
<li>Facilitate planning, execution, and delivery of work for your team</li>
<li>Balance hands-on engineering work with managerial responsibilities</li>
<li>Collaborate with other leads to effectively prioritize your team’s work for maximum impact</li>
<li>Work hand in hand with Product Development to continuously deliver value to internal customers</li>
<li>Design and build internal tooling to improve efficiency and workflows</li>
<li>Fix bugs and build features for internal platforms</li>
</ul>
<h3>Success Measures</h3>
<ul>
<li>In three months, establish positive relationships with your direct reports, giving guidance on how to effectively get their jobs done and grow their performance</li>
<li>In six months, enable your team to deliver high-quality software efficiently and consistently</li>
<li>In six months, personally contribute to solving a majority of actionable bugs and building new internal features</li>
</ul>
<h3>Our ideal candidate</h3>
<ul>
<li>Has 5-7 years of experience building software professionally</li>
<li>Has 1-2 years managing software engineers</li>
<li>Has experience with a modern programming language (Python, Go, Rust, etc.)</li>
<li>Has excellent organizational and project management skills</li>
<li>Cares deeply about coaching and developing teammates</li>
<li>Is collaborative, detail-oriented, and passionate about developing usable software</li>
</ul>
<h3>Bonus Round</h3>
<ul>
<li>Experience building full-stack applications, from front-end UIs to backend API handlers to DB migrations</li>
<li>Knowledge of any of the following technologies: Next.js, FastAPI, React</li>
</ul>
<h3>About MongoDB</h3>
<p>MongoDB is built for change, empowering our customers and our people to innovate at the speed of the market. We have redefined the database for the AI era, enabling innovators to create, transform, and disrupt industries with software. MongoDB’s unified database platform—the most widely available, globally distributed database on the market—helps organizations modernize legacy workloads, embrace innovation, and unleash AI. Our cloud-native platform, MongoDB Atlas, is the only globally distributed, multi-cloud database and is available across AWS, Google Cloud, and Microsoft Azure.</p>
<p>With offices worldwide and nearly 60,000 customers—including 75% of the Fortune 100 and AI-native startups—relying on MongoDB for their most important applications, we’re powering the next era of software.</p>
<p>Our compass at MongoDB is our <a href="https://www.mongodb.com/company">Leadership Commitment,</a> guiding how and why we make decisions, show up for each other, and win. It’s what makes us MongoDB.&nbsp;</p>
<p>To drive the personal growth and business impact of our employees, we’re committed to developing a supportive and enriching culture for everyone. <a href="https://www.mongodb.com/company/blog/culture/employee-benefits-that-make-a-difference-at-mongodb">From employee affinity groups, to fertility assistance and a generous parental leave policy</a>, we value our employees’ wellbeing and want to support them along every step of their professional and personal journeys.<a href="https://www.mongodb.com/blog/channel/culture"> Learn more about what it’s like to work at MongoDB</a>, and help us make an impact on the world!</p>
<p>MongoDB is committed to providing any necessary accommodations for individuals with disabilities within our application and interview process. To request an accommodation due to a disability, please inform your recruiter.</p>
<p>MongoDB is an equal opportunities employer.</p>
<p>Req ID - 4263338799</p>