<p>Canonical is a leading provider of open source software and operating systems to the global enterprise and technology markets. Our platform, Ubuntu, is very widely used in breakthrough enterprise initiatives such as public cloud, data science, AI, engineering innovation and IoT. Our customers include the world's leading public cloud and silicon providers, and industry leaders in many sectors. We are also a pioneer of global distributed collaboration, with 1000+ colleagues in 70+ countries and very few roles based in offices. Teams meet two to four times yearly in person, in interesting locations around the world, to align on strategy and execution.</p>
<p>The company is founder led, profitable and growing. We are hiring a <strong>Systems &amp; Controls Accountant</strong> with experience to drive best practices in systems, processes, and controls.</p>
<p>In our finance function we aspire to set the industry pace for speed and accuracy of reporting. We aim to achieve this by driving our product pricing and terms, contracting, sales processes and systems into alignment.&nbsp;We are looking for a <strong>professionally qualified accounting leader with expertise in NetSuite</strong> to build scalable processes, automated through correct and auditable implementations in NetSuite, Salesforce and other connected business systems.</p>
<p>This lead will work across teams including product management, legal, FP&amp;A, sales operations and commercial business systems to align understanding and ensure that the accounting and revenue recognition treatment of contracts and products is straightforward and correct, with a very high level of automation. Perhaps unusually we <strong>prefer a leader with deep personal interest in the software and technology industry, and ideally some data analytics and software engineering experience</strong>. The Systems &amp; Controls Accountant will ensure the proper application of revenue accounting guidance for public market scrutiny. Ideally they will also be technically savvy and able to work effectively with technical teams and software engineers.</p>
<p>This is a driving position which requires confidence in presentation, setting goals, and directing the work of others. We expect to grow a team with a particular emphasis on systems and automation, that puts us at the top of the leaderboard for clarity, correctness, transparency and speed of reporting as a global tech company.</p>
<p><strong>Location:&nbsp;</strong>This role is home-based in EMEA time zones, with the option to be based in our London office. It will report to our Global Head of Accounting.</p>
<h3>Key responsibilities</h3>
<ul>
<li>Lead complex NetSuite configuration, workflows, customization, and integration</li>
<li>Implement best practices for data governance, security, and compliance within NetSuite and connected systems.</li>
<li>Demonstrate proficiency in script understanding and problem resolution</li>
<li>Develop and maintain reports, dashboards, and KPIs to provide insights into business performance</li>
<li>Coordinate regular system maintenance, upgrades, and troubleshooting to ensure optimal performance and reliability</li>
<li>Provide training and support to end-users to enhance their efficiency and proficiency with NetSuite.</li>
<li>Oversee Sandbox accounts for development and testing, ensuring seamless deployment of customizations and updates to the production environment</li>
<li>Stay updated on new NetSuite features and functionalities, assessing their potential impact on business processes</li>
<li>Drive process and systems improvements across teams for end-to-end automation of the full financial life cycle</li>
<li>Incorporate industry best practices and emerging technology to raise the bar for reporting speed and accuracy</li>
<li>Mentor and aid in developing the wider team of accounting and finance professionals</li>
<li>Develop and maintain effective internal over revenue transactions and reporting</li>
<li>Research and write accounting memos on relevant policy matters</li>
<li>Act as the primary liaison with external auditors in related matters</li>
</ul>
<h3>Valued skills and experience</h3>
<ul>
<li>An exceptional academic track record from both high school and university</li>
<li>An undergraduate degree in Accounting or Finance, or a compelling narrative about your alternative chosen path</li>
<li>CPA, CA or equivalent with excellent technical accounting skills and IFRS experience</li>
<li>A detailed understanding of IFRS and relevant rules related to SaaS and services</li>
<li>Leadership or management responsibility</li>
<li>Drive and a track record of going above-and-beyond expectations</li>
<li>Experience of software licensing, subscription and services revenue accounting and operations</li>
<li>Experience driving and scaling accounting processes in a high-growth environment</li>
<li>Experience with ERP, Rev Rec, CRM, CPQ and other relevant software categories -&nbsp;NetSuite and Salesforce preferred</li>
<li>Experience in a multi-country multi-currency, operations and tax environment</li>
<li>Professional written and spoken English&nbsp;</li>
<li>Excellent interpersonal skills, curiosity, flexibility, and accountability&nbsp;</li>
<li>Thoughtfulness and self-motivation&nbsp;</li>
<li>Result-oriented, with a personal drive to meet commitments&nbsp;</li>
<li>Ability to travel twice a year, for company events up to two weeks long</li>
</ul>
<h3>Additional, optional skills we value</h3>
<ul>
<li>Public company reporting and revenue accounting experience</li>
<li>Software implementation, integration and user acceptance</li>
<li>Software engineering qualification or experience</li>
<li>A passion for technology and a desire to work with motivated colleagues</li>
<li>MBA or other relevant business degree</li>
</ul>
<h3>What we offer you</h3>
<p>We consider geographical location, experience, and performance in shaping compensation worldwide. We revisit compensation annually (and more often for graduates and associates) to ensure we recognise outstanding performance. In addition to base pay, we offer a performance-driven annual bonus or commission. We provide all team members with additional benefits, which reflect our values and ideals. We balance our programs to meet local needs and ensure fairness globally.</p>
<ul>
<li>Distributed work environment with twice-yearly team sprints in person</li>
<li>Personal learning and development budget of USD 2,000 per year</li>
<li>Annual compensation review</li>
<li>Recognition rewards</li>
<li>Annual holiday leave</li>
<li>Maternity and paternity leave</li>
<li>Employee Assistance Programme</li>
<li>Opportunity to travel to new locations to meet colleagues</li>
<li>Priority Pass, and travel upgrades for long haul company events</li>
</ul>
<h3>About Canonical</h3>
<p>Canonical is a pioneering tech firm at the forefront of the global move to open source. As the company that publishes Ubuntu, one of the most important open source projects and the platform for AI, IoT and the cloud, we are changing the world of software. We recruit on a global basis and set a very high standard for people joining the company. We expect excellence - in order to succeed, we need to be the best at what we do. Most colleagues at Canonical have worked from home since its inception in 2004.​ Working here is a step into the future, and will challenge you to think differently, work smarter, learn new skills, and raise your game.</p>
<h3>Canonical is an equal opportunity employer</h3>
<p>We are proud to foster a workplace free from discrimination. Diversity of experience, perspectives, and background create a better work environment and better products. <a href="https://canonical.com/careers/diversity/identity">Whatever your identity, we will give your application fair consideration.</a></p>
<p>#LI-remote</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>