<div class="content-intro"><h2><span data-sheets-root="1">About Wolt</span></h2>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">At Wolt, we create technology that brings joy, simplicity and earnings to the neighborhoods of the world. In 2014 we started with delivery of restaurant food. Now we’re building the delivery of (almost) everything and you’ll find us in over 500 cities in 30 countries around the world. In 2022 we joined forces with DoorDash and together we keep on dreaming big and expanding across the globe.<br><br>Working at Wolt isn’t always easy, but it’s definitely exciting. Here you’ll learn more, build more, and ship more than in most other companies. You’ll be challenged a lot, but also have a lot of fun on the way. So, if you’re a self-starter with drive and entrepreneurial spirit, this could be the ride of your life.</span></p></div><p><em>Calling all team-players - are you looking for a flexible role that could shape the future of retail? If so, then let’s talk!&nbsp;&nbsp;</em></p>
<p>We are looking for part-time (10h/week) Grocery Associates to join our Wolt Market team in Malmö! 🤩</p>
<p><strong>What you’ll be doing</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>
<p>Taking in orders through our Merchant app</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Picking and packing groceries, and handing them to customers and courier partners</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Unloading food and supplies that we receive from vendors</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Managing our internal systems which include precise information about nutrients and allergens</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Maintaining order and cleanliness of the store</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Our humble expectations</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>
<p>You are proactive and a fast learner with the ability to multitask</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Flexibility with working in shifts in the mornings, evenings and (nights), including weekends and holidays - our Wolt Market is open <strong>07:00-01:00</strong></p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Experience from working in a grocery store is an advantage!</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Fluent in English</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>You have the right to work in Sweden</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>What you’ll get by joining us</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>
<p>Wolt credits cashback benefit&nbsp;</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Employee assistance program</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Wolt-wide training programs</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p>If you are excited about working in a high-growth environment, taking ownership, and being part of an extremely ambitious team, then click below to apply and get the conversation going!</p>
<p>We will be reviewing applications on an on-going basis, so send through your application along with your CV as soon as possible! 💙</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p style="font-weight: 500;">Notice to Applicants for Jobs Located in NYC or Remote Jobs Associated With Office in NYC Only</p>
<p>We use Covey as part of our hiring and/or promotional process for jobs in NYC and certain features may qualify it as an AEDT in NYC. As part of the hiring and/or promotion process, we provide Covey with job requirements and candidate submitted applications. We began using <a href="https://getcovey.com/product/covey-scout-inbound">Covey Scout for Inbound</a> from August 21, 2023, through December 21, 2023, and resumed using <a href="https://getcovey.com/product/covey-scout-inbound">Covey Scout for Inbound</a> again on June 29, 2024.</p>
<p>The Covey tool has been reviewed by an independent auditor. Results of the audit may be viewed here: <a style="text-decoration: underline;" href="https://getcovey.com/nyc-local-law-144">Covey</a></p><div class="content-conclusion"><h2><span data-sheets-root="1">Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion</span></h2>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">We’re committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. That’s why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.</span></p></div>