<div class="content-intro"><h2><span data-sheets-root="1">About Wolt</span></h2>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">At Wolt, we create technology that brings joy, simplicity and earnings to the neighborhoods of the world. In 2014 we started with delivery of restaurant food. Now we’re building the delivery of (almost) everything and you’ll find us in over 500 cities in 30 countries around the world. In 2022 we joined forces with DoorDash and together we keep on dreaming big and expanding across the globe.<br><br>Working at Wolt isn’t always easy, but it’s definitely exciting. Here you’ll learn more, build more, and ship more than in most other companies. You’ll be challenged a lot, but also have a lot of fun on the way. So, if you’re a self-starter with drive and entrepreneurial spirit, this could be the ride of your life.</span></p></div><p><em>Are you a marketer with experience from bigger companies' marketing departments with an ambitious ‘growth’ mindset and can do attitude? Do you get excited about growing a business? If this sounds like you, then we’d love to chat!</em></p>
<h2><strong>Role Background</strong></h2>
<p>So… we have built this rocket ship. We call it Wolt. We are best known for our food delivery platform, yet we are on a journey to become an ‘’everything’’ app so you can get almost anything in your city delivered to your doorstep in less than an hour.&nbsp;</p>
<p>As the <strong>Marketing Specialist</strong>, you will be responsible for managing user marketing campaigns end-to-end related to our restaurant, retail partners, or collaborations with other companies. You will be at the marketing steering wheel as well as the engine room, and will be expected to bring ideas and also execute on them to reach our ambitious targets.<br>&nbsp;</p>
<h2>What you’ll be doing</h2>
<ul>
<li>Driving the execution of marketing campaigns across paid and owned channels, based on our long-term strategy, and ensuring alignment with commercial priorities</li>
<li>Regarding your campaigns, coming up with the offerings, thinking about the best media mix, and creative strategy are all your responsibilities</li>
<li>Strong cooperation with other campaign managers and departments on the timing and budgeting of the different campaigns</li>
<li>Understanding the impact of marketing strategies on the P&amp;L and assessing their ROIs.</li>
<li>Support reporting needs by gathering data, tracking KPIs, and contributing insights to improve future marketing activities</li>
<li>Take ownership of setting up campaigns and content using internal tools and platforms, including basic technical configurations where needed</li>
<li>Collaborate with designers and content creators to contribute to the development of campaign assets and visuals</li>
<li>Assist in managing marketing relationships with local restaurant and retail partners, coordinating co-marketing activities to boost visibility&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<h2>Our humble expectations&nbsp;</h2>
<ul>
<li>You have 2 to 3 years of relevant marketing experience mainly in campaign management or project management.</li>
<li>You’re willing to get your hands dirty and have a hands-on approach to get things done</li>
<li>You have the ability to take ownership of projects, work independently, but also be open to feedback and collaboration</li>
<li>You have a ‘customers first’ mindset and understand the impact of communication&nbsp;</li>
<li>You have a creative way of thinking and a great eye for valuable content</li>
<li>You have previous experience in marketing, preferably in a fast-moving environment</li>
<li>Multi-tasking is often unavoidable; great time management is a must</li>
<li>Fluent in <strong>Greek</strong> and fluent in <strong>English</strong></li>
<li>Located and <strong>Eligible</strong> to work in Cyprus&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<h2>What we offer</h2>
<p>We are in a fast-moving industry, and Cyprus is a very key market for Wolt. The team on the ground is very ambitious and willing to move the rocks to reach goals while supporting each other. As part of the marketing team, you can make a real impact with your campaigns on the market, see good results and see your work on various media channels.</p>
<p>Working at Wolt isn’t always easy, but it’s definitely exciting. Here you’ll learn more, build more, and ship more than in most other companies. You’ll be challenged a lot, but also have a lot of fun on the way. So, if you’re a self-starter with drive and entrepreneurial spirit, this could be the ride of your life.</p>
<h2>Next steps</h2>
<p>We’re reviewing applications on a rolling basis, so we encourage you to apply sooner rather than later. The process typically includes:</p>
<ul>
<li>Intro 30mins chat with our Talent Acquisition Partner.</li>
<li>30mins chat with the Hiring Manager to dive into your experience,&nbsp;</li>
<li>Case assignment (light, strategic, to see how you think) + 60 mins presentation call with senior stakeholders.</li>
</ul>
<h2><iframe src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/GoL541\_xj9w" width="560" height="314"></iframe></h2><div class="content-conclusion"><h2><span data-sheets-root="1">Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion</span></h2>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">We’re committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. That’s why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.</span></p></div>