<h2><strong>Who we are </strong></h2>
<h3><strong>About Stripe</strong></h3>
<p>Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies—from the world’s largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyone’s reach while doing the most important work of your career.</p>
<h3><strong>About the team</strong></h3>
<p>Stripe is looking for a leader for our Product Support team supporting Greater China (GCN) and Japan. This manager will lead a high performing team motivated by improving the lives of Stripe’s user base. They will cultivate the happiness of their teams while guiding them through feedback, mentoring, and advocacy within the organization. This means helping to set team goals, and using metrics to efficiently measure and guide team performance in pursuit of those goals. The team is also responsible for managing large operational projects to improve the user support experience in these markets.</p>
<h2><strong>What you’ll do</strong></h2>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<h3><strong>Responsibilities</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Guide the organization to design and deliver incredible user support.</li>
<li>Ensure team members are happy, effective, and growing in their career and new work experiences.</li>
<li>Set clear goals and directions, and provide regular feedback on team members’ performance.</li>
<li>Maintain metrics and analysis of team performance, and provide regular reporting on team performance in the form of written analysis and performance reports.</li>
<li>Transmit and foster our values, serving as a beacon of Stripe’s user-centric philosophy and culture of transparency, empathy, inclusion, and empowerment.</li>
<li>Help build the organization through management projects such as recruiting, training, writing team policies, defining team processes, or other organizational improvements.</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Who you are</strong></h2>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We're looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.</span></p>
<h3><strong>Minimum requirements</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Proficiency in Mandarin is required as this role involves daily communications with our users in the Greater China region.</li>
<li>At least 3+ years of direct people management experience.</li>
<li>Experience leading operational teams such as product support teams (preferably in high-growth technology companies).</li>
<li>Experience with the GCN market.</li>
<li>Excellent written and verbal communication skills.</li>
<li>A strong operational background and a track-record of making data driven decisions.</li>
<li>Skill and credibility doing the core work of a user facing team with a high bar for quality and a willingness to lead by example.</li>
<li>An ability to execute on and deliver complex operational projects involving multiple stakeholders.</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>Preferred qualifications</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Experience with the Japan market</li>
<li>Japanese language proficiency</li>
<li>Prior experience with SQL, Tableau and APIs</li>
<li>Comfort with some technical troubleshooting</li>
<li>Familiarity with FinTech industry and products</li>
<li>Passion for learning new functions and features of technical products</li>
<li>Experience leveraging root-cause analyses to make data driven decisions</li>
</ul>