<div class="content-intro"><p>Celonis is the global leader in Process Intelligence and the pioneer of Process Mining technology. As one of the world’s fastest-growing enterprise SaaS companies, we are changemakers pushing the boundaries of what’s possible. We invest heavily in advanced AI capabilities—specifically our Process Intelligence Graph—to turn data insights into immediate business action. We believe there is a massive opportunity to unlock global productivity and sustainability by placing intelligence at the core of every business process. Join our mission to make processes work for people, companies, and the planet.</p></div><div><strong>The Team:</strong></div>
<div><strong><br></strong>As a Backend Engineer, you will bring your general software engineering expertise to our innovative projects and continuously evolving concepts.</div>
<div>&nbsp;</div>
<div><strong>The Role:</strong></div>
<div><strong><br></strong>You will have the opportunity to work with cutting-edge cloud technology, stay on top of trends, and drive projects with an ever-increasing degree of independence. This is a unique opportunity for talented engineers to push their boundaries and think big.</div>
<div>&nbsp;</div>
<div><strong>The work you’ll do:</strong></div>
<ul>
<li>Innovate beyond our existing products and bring new ideas to life for Celonis.</li>
<li>Ensure high quality and continuously improve procedures and practices.</li>
<li>Work closely with your fellow engineers, project managers, and designers to create cohesive and efficient solutions.</li>
<li>Collaborate with adjacent teams to drive a holistic project success spread across multiple geographies</li>
<li>Learn and grow, not only in technical expertise but also in any other necessary aspects of making our projects reality.</li>
<li>Brainstorm with the entire Celonis Labs team, research potential solutions, and ultimately bring them to life.</li>
</ul>
<div><strong>The qualifications you need:</strong></div>
<ul>
<li>Bachelor's or master's degree in a technical field (e.g., Computer Science, Software Engineering) or equivalent experience.</li>
<li>5+ years of experience as Backend Engineer with strong expertise in building microservices based products using Java, Spring framework, JPA, Hibernate is a must.</li>
<li>Experience with building data pipelines in Databricks, ETL, Apache spark is a big plus.</li>
<li>Relational databases; PostgreSQL a plus.</li>
<li>Proficient in building cloud-native distributed systems.</li>
<li>Able to demonstrate a generalist skill set across multiple technical areas besides the Backend, DevOps, Cloud Infrastructure.</li>
<li>Ability to analyse and design complex software.</li>
<li>Experience building scalable, fault-tolerant distributed systems.</li>
<li>Proven background in building cloud-native software in the Kubernetes ecosystem, as well as with and on Hyperscalers such as AWS.</li>
<li>Deep understanding of modern engineering practices (Git strategy, CI/CD, testing, …) and how to apply these to enable a team of multiple engineers.</li>
<li>Problem-first attitude: you’re able to understand the needs of our customers and see technology as a means to an end, not an end in itself.</li>
<li>Ability to quickly learn new things without tight supervision.</li>
<li>Problem-solving attitude.</li>
<li>Collaborative team spirit.</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>What Celonis can offer you:</strong></p>
<ul class="p-rich\_text\_list p-rich\_text\_list\_\_bullet p-rich\_text\_list--nested" data-stringify-type="unordered-list" data-list-tree="true" data-indent="0" data-border="0">
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Pioneer Innovation:</span> Work with the global leader in Process Mining and the Process Intelligence Graph to shape the future of AI-driven business operations.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Ownership from Day 1:</span> Every full-time "Celonaut" is an owner, receiving Restricted Stock Units (RSUs) and merit-based refresh grants.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Unrivaled Family Support:</span> Benefit from our inclusive parental leave policy—24 weeks of fully paid leave for primary carers and 12 weeks for supporting carers, available from your first day of employment.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Work-Life Integration:</span> Enjoy Unlimited PTO (in applicable regions) and generous PTO globally, as well as a flexible hybrid work model that balances remote focus with vibrant office collaboration.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Continuous Growth:</span> Elevate your skills through our 70-20-10 learning framework, mentorship programs, and access to a dedicated learning platform.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Holistic Well-being:</span> Prioritize your health with subsidized Wellhub memberships, mental health counseling, and dedicated "Wellness Weeks" that prioritize work/life balance.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Drive Sustainability:</span> Participate in annual Impact Days, where you receive paid time off to volunteer for community and environmental causes with your local office, or virtually.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Global Inclusion &amp; Belonging:</span> Find community through our Inclusion Think Tank and participate in our annual Inclusion Days, ensuring every voice is heard and valued.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Value-Driven Impact:</span> Join a mission-led organization where our core values—Live for Customer Value, The Best Team Wins, We Own It, and Earth Is Our Future—drive every decision.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>About Us:</strong></p>
<p>Celonis makes processes work — for people, companies, and the planet. Powered by process mining and AI, the Celonis Process Intelligence Platform integrates process data and business context to create a living digital twin of business operations. We enable thousands of companies worldwide to understand how their business actually runs and, together with their partners, build intelligent solutions that transform and continuously improve the way they operate — unlocking billions in value. Celonis is headquartered in Munich, Germany, and New York City, USA, with more than 20 offices worldwide.</p>
<p><br>Get familiar with the Celonis Process Intelligence Platform by watching this <a href="https://academy.celonis.com/learn/video/discover-the-ems">video</a>.</p>
<p><strong>Celonis Inclusion Statement:</strong></p>
<p>At Celonis, we believe our people make us who we are and that “The Best Team Wins”. We know that the best teams are made up of people who bring different perspectives to the table. And when everyone feels included, able to speak up and knows their voice is heard - that's when creativity and innovation happen.<strong><br></strong></p>
<p><strong>Your Privacy:</strong></p>
<p>Any information you submit to Celonis as part of your application will be processed in accordance with Celonis’ <a href="https://www.celonis.com/careers/candidate-notices">Accessibility and Candidate Notices</a></p>
<p>By submitting this application, you confirm that you agree to the storing and processing of your personal data by Celonis as described in our <a href="https://www.celonis.com/careers/privacy-notice/">Privacy Notice for the Application and Hiring Process</a>.</p>
<p>Please be aware of common job offer scams, impersonators and frauds. Learn more <a href="https://www.celonis.com/careers/fraud-alert/">here</a>.</p></div>