<div class="content-intro"><p>ZoomInfo is where careers accelerate. We move fast, think boldly, and empower you to do the best work of your life. You’ll be surrounded by teammates who care deeply, challenge each other, and celebrate wins. With tools that amplify your impact and a culture that backs your ambition, you won’t just contribute. You’ll make things happen–fast.</p></div><p><br>At ZoomInfo we encourage creativity, value innovation, demand teamwork, expect accountability and cherish results. If you are in charge, take initiative, get stuff done individually we want to talk to you! We have high aspirations for the company and are looking for the right people to help fulfill the dream. We strive to continually improve every aspect of the company and use cutting edge technologies and processes to delight our customers and rapidly increase revenues.</p>
<p>We’re looking for a Software Engineer with an emphasis on backend to join the Chorus Platform team. <a href="https://www.chorus.ai/">Chorus.ai</a> is a Conversation Intelligence platform for Sales Teams that process and analyze a tremendously large set of sales calls to provide insights into how any salespeople from any organization can perform at the highest level and match the best sales performers in the industry. We generate insights and notifications to sales managers on how deals are going, risks, and the next steps necessary to close the deal. Chorus is an indispensable platform in a modern and data-driven sales team.&nbsp;&nbsp;</p>
<p>As part of the Platform team, you will constantly be working on challenging and innovative projects aimed at empowering different user personas with the capabilities of our core technology. You will own aspects of the customer-facing product, you will be working with different technologies and finding technical solutions that are capable of handling millions of customer requests per day.</p>
<p>You’ll see that collaboration is second nature, you’ll be greeted by a team of incredibly smart, talented, and motivated individuals who will help you define your new best, and most of all, you are hungry to be part of an ambitious team with colossal goals.</p>
<p><strong>What You’ll Do:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Design, build and deploy complex distributed systems.</li>
<li>Build 3rd party integrations with major conference providers using SDKs.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>What You Bring:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>7+ years of software development experience using Python.</li>
<li>Proven experience with distributed systems software design.</li>
<li>Good knowledge of RESTful API Standards.</li>
<li>Proven experience in distributed microservices development.</li>
<li>Experience&nbsp; cloud-based infrastructure (AWS/GCP).</li>
<li>Knowledge of industry best practices for package management, and their release cycles (CI/CD).</li>
<li>Experience with NoSQL(Mongo/Elastic Search) and SQL.&nbsp;</li>
<li>High personal and leadership skills.</li>
<li>Strong communication skills (English).&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>#LI-PM1</p>
<p>#LI-Hybrid</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>About us:</strong>&nbsp;</p>
<p>ZoomInfo (NASDAQ: GTM) is the Go-To-Market Intelligence Platform that empowers businesses to grow faster with AI-ready insights, trusted data, and advanced automation. Its solutions provide more than 35,000 companies worldwide with a complete view of their customers, making every seller their best seller.</p>
<p>ZoomInfo is committed to protecting your privacy when you apply for jobs with us. Please review our Job Applicant <a href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1yiG-k0YX\_sW10PiJk\_xliDc3W-veJCrK/view?usp=drive\_link">Privacy Notice</a> for more details on how we handle your personal information.</p>
<p>ZoomInfo may use a software-based assessment as part of the recruitment process. More information about this tool, including the results of the most recent bias audit, is available <a href="https://www.zoominfo.com/legal/nyc-local-law-144-notice">here</a>.</p>
<p>ZoomInfo is proud to be an equal opportunity employer, hiring based on qualifications, merit, and business needs, and does not discriminate based on protected status. We welcome all applicants and are committed to providing equal employment opportunities regardless of sex, race, age, color, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, disability status, religion, protected military or veteran status, medical condition, or any other characteristic protected by applicable law. We also consider qualified candidates with criminal histories in accordance with legal requirements.</p>
<p>For Massachusetts Applicants: It is unlawful in Massachusetts to require or administer a lie detector test as a condition of employment or continued employment. An employer who violates this law shall be subject to criminal penalties and civil liability. ZoomInfo does not administer lie detector tests to applicants in any location.</p></div>