<p><strong>This is Adyen</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Adyen provides payments, data, and financial products in a single solution for customers like Meta, Uber, H&amp;M, and Microsoft - making us the financial technology platform of choice. At Adyen, everything we do is engineered for ambition.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><strong>Team Lead, Technical Support</strong></p>
<p>As a Technical Support Team Lead based in Bengaluru, you will lead a highly motivated, merchant-focused team that thrives on shared success. Your team serves as the initial point of contact for Adyen's global merchants, providing a service that directly impacts their ability to process payments and grow their businesses. You will guide them in collaborating directly with various Adyen teams across technology, commercial, and operational spheres to deliver the merchant support model. The team's extensive payments knowledge is invaluable to both our merchants and our internal teams. Adyen operates 24/7 on a "follow the sun" principle across different time zones.</p>
<p><strong>What you’ll do</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Lead the team that is a key source of knowledge on the Adyen platform and APIs, the underlying technology stack, and industry-standard integration methods and best practices.</li>
<li>Manage a team that works with peers distributed across the region and globe to provide top tier support to our merchants.</li>
<li>Coach and mentor members of the team to excel at resolving technical challenges for Adyen’s merchants and grow their careers.</li>
<li>Define and clearly communicate objectives and goals for the Support team.</li>
<li>Track team progress and success using KPIs and data sets. Feed this back to the team to drive high performance and efficiency.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Deal with merchant and senior management escalations across a variety of issues.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Be an integral part of the global support strategy.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Who you are</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>You are a people leader, and have at least 3 years of experience developing technical support teams.&nbsp;</li>
<li>You understand different cultures within the region and are able to successfully lead/be part of geographically distributed teams.</li>
<li>You are innovative, with strong problem-solving capabilities and able to define robust processes and procedures.</li>
<li>You are able to serve as an escalation point for varied technical support requests and challenges.</li>
<li>You are able to balance commercial requests with the technical support global strategy.</li>
<li>You have an affinity with internet technologies and knowledge of technical processes (think SQL / HTML / JavaScript / PHP / Java / Scripting).</li>
<li>Payments or Fintech experience is not required, but you must be able to communicate your enthusiasm for the space.</li>
<li>You have strong written and verbal communication skills.</li>
<li>Must be willing to travel where required.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Our Diversity, Equity and Inclusion commitments&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Our unique approach is a product of our diverse perspectives. This diversity of backgrounds and cultures is essential in helping us maintain our momentum. Our business and technical challenges are unique, and we need as many different voices as possible to join us in solving them - voices like yours. No matter who you are or where you’re from, we welcome you to be your true self at Adyen.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Studies show that women and members of underrepresented communities apply for jobs only if they meet 100% of the qualifications. Does this sound like you? If so, Adyen encourages you to reconsider and apply. We look forward to your application!</span></p>
<p><strong>What’s next?</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Ensuring a smooth and enjoyable candidate experience is critical for us. We aim to get back to you regarding your application within 5 business days. Our interview process tends to take about 4 weeks to complete, but may fluctuate depending on the role. </span><a href="https://careers.adyen.com/how-we-hire"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Learn more about our hiring process here</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">. Don’t be afraid to let us know if you need more flexibility.</span></p>
<p>This role is based out of our Bengaluru office. We are an office-first company and value in-person collaboration; we do not offer remote-only roles.</p>