<div class="content-intro"><div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
<div>
<p>At Cloudflare, we are on a mission to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers millions of websites and other Internet properties for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.&nbsp;</p>
<p>At Cloudflare, we’re not looking for people who wait for a polished roadmap; we’re looking for the builders who see the cracks in the Internet that everyone else has simply learned to live with. We value candidates who have the instinct to spot a "normalized" problem and the AI-native curiosity to create a solution using the latest tools. Our culture is built on iteration, leveraging AI to ship faster today to make it better tomorrow, while ensuring that every improvement, no matter how small, is shared across the team to lift everyone up. If you’re the type of person who values curiosity over bureaucracy, and that AI is a partner in solving tough problems to keep the Internet moving forward, you’ll fit right in.</p>
</div></div><p><strong>Work Location: Paris, France</strong></p>
<p><strong>What you’ll do</strong></p>
<p>Cloudflare’s solutions engineering function is responsible for collaborating with clients from early-stage ideation through to planning for production. Being much more than an expert solely in Cloudflare’s services, our Senior Solutions Engineers are expected to sit alongside our peers in our clients, and to contribute their energy, ideas and opinion on solving the hard problems we face in our industry today. Often this means deep work on the art-of-the possible (and sometimes being willing to put aside preconceptions on the impossible!).</p>
<p>On any given day, the role will provide both a challenging and rewarding opportunity to develop adjacent technology expertise as well as mastering key skills relating to technical and industry advocacy on behalf of our clients. A key aspect will be offering good\* practice guidance and adopting a deploy-to-production mindset, where it is as much about the operational process as it is about the product.&nbsp;</p>
<p>As part of our broader solutions engineering community, you will be working alongside peers with deep subject-matter expertise and industry knowledge upon whose insights will support your own. Of course, as a senior member of the team, you will also be in a position to contribute to a body-of-knowledge across key domains of networking, cybersecurity and edge computing, as well as industry analyses and perspectives.&nbsp;</p>
<p>For this role, our Solutions Engineering team members focus on large clients for whom we are able to develop deep understanding and partnership to collaborate with. Building on a track-record of success, this role has an emphasis on supporting our large enterprise clients in the Major Accounts segment.</p>
<p>\* As an SE, there will often be more than one way to solve a problem - hence what might be a best practice in a given context might not be true in another! This is where your experience will help.</p>
<p><strong>Who we are</strong></p>
<p>The problems that our clients face are both diverse and unique - which is reflected in how we think about our Solution Engineering team. Building on the benefit of the hive-mind, our SE team is made up of individuals from a wide range of backgrounds - from end-customers to other vendors, Financial Consulting to Product Management, Customer Support to Software Engineering. In short, if we are to solve complex problems we need a diverse, curious and collaborative team.</p>
<p>Cloudflare’s mission is one which is both simple and timeless, to help build a better Internet. This requires a broad set of services and associated knowledge of Internet performance and security technology. We recognise many of our team usually join us with one or two core domains of expertise, however key to success is the curiosity to maintain and develop new knowledge which is essential to keeping up with the high rate of product innovation at Cloudflare.&nbsp;</p>
<p>In our aim to support your success, all the resources and training required to build a custom personal development plan to be effective for the role, will be provided.</p>
<p><strong>Examples of desirable skills, knowledge and experience</strong></p>
<p>Our Solutions Engineers come from a wide range of backgrounds: IT, engineering, software development, product management, financial consulting, customer support &amp; project delivery. We're serious about building a diverse team. When hiring we look for diversity of experience combined with genuine curiosity for our technology.</p>
<p>Ultimately, you are passionate about technology and have the ability to explain complex technical concepts in easy-to-understand terms. You are naturally curious, and an avid builder who is not afraid to get your hands dirty. You appreciate the diversity of challenges in working with customers, and look forward to helping them realise the full promise of Cloudflare. On the Solutions Engineering team, you will find a collaborative environment where everyone brings different strengths and jumps in to help each other.</p>
<p>You will have a good fundamental understanding on how to manage technical validation projects so that customers can have an informed opinion on the best solution to a given problem - with an eye on what could come next.</p>
<p>Additional experience might include a combination of the skills below:</p>
<ul>
<li>Showing up in the right-way: bringing a positive attitude, open-minded to new ideas and bringing your energy and ideas to help our clients and our team succeed.&nbsp;</li>
<li>10+ years of experience in the IT industry (mid-level or senior engineering level experience).</li>
<li>Ability to manage a project, work to deadlines, and prioritise between competing demands.</li>
<li>Demonstrating empathy with customers and quickly identifying challenges and pain points they face.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Understanding of “how the internet works”. For example:</li>
<ul>
<li>Know the differences between TCP &amp; UDP, and understand what kinds of applications may favour one over the other;</li>
<li>Can explain the difference between authoritative DNS &amp; recursive DNS?;</li>
<li>You understand the role of a firewall, why TLS (SSL) plays an increasingly important role on today's Internet, a solid understanding of HTTP and a willingness to dive deeper into the quirks of clients &amp; servers alike;</li>
</ul>
<li>Understanding of how customers make buying decisions, how to explain ROI.</li>
<li>A knowledge of the competitive landscape for one or more of: DDoS, CDN, Performance, DNS, Developer platform or Zero-Trust/SASE service providers.</li>
<li>You're OK with some in-region travel (15~30 days per quarter): eg. Being next to our clients means that we need to travel to customer offices, conferences and/or events.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Bonus!</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Previous experience in a pre-sales SE or consulting role. (note: doesn't have to be in tech);</li>
<li>Demonstrated experience with a scripting language (e.g. Python, JavaScript, Bash) and a desire to expand those skills;</li>
<li>Exposure to emerging technical landscape trends such as machine learning, GenAI, DevOps, security operations etc.&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: Since 2014, we've equipped more than 2,400 journalism and civil society organizations in 111 countries with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: In 2017, we created the Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration. Since the project, we've provided services to more than 425 local government election websites in 33 states.</span></p>
<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Please note that applicants who progress to the offer stage of the interview process may be asked to attend an in-person interview within one of the Cloudflare Offices or Cloudflare Hubs.&nbsp; More details about this will be available at that stage of the interview process.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p></div>