<p><strong>About this opportunity:</strong><strong><br></strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 300;">Freenome is seeking a highly analytical and systems-savvy Senior People Systems and Data Analyst to elevate our People data capabilities and drive insight-led decision-making. This role will own the development of dashboards, analytics, and reporting that provide visibility into workforce trends and inform hiring, retention, engagement, and organizational planning strategies. This individual will transform People data into actionable insights through advanced analytics, scalable dashboards, and strong data storytelling. While the role maintains ownership of People systems and data integrity, its primary focus is generating insights that enable better business decisions.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 300;">The role reports to the Director, People Operations. This role will be a Hybrid role. &nbsp;</span></p>
<p><strong>What you’ll do:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Develop, analyze, and interpret workforce data to identify trends, risks, and opportunities across recruiting, retention, performance, and engagement.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Conduct deep-dive analyses (attrition trends, hiring funnel performance, compensation insights, engagement drivers).</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Build statistical and trend analyses across the employee lifecycle to proactively surface insights that influence People and business decisions.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Deliver actionable quarterly reporting that translates complex datasets into clear, executive-ready insights and recommendations.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Design, build, and maintain scalable and automated dashboards.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Establish consistent KPI definitions and reporting standards.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Improve data visualization practices to ensure clarity, usability, and impact.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Replace manual reporting processes with automated, real-time reporting solutions.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Ensure high levels of data accuracy, integrity, and trust.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Serve as primary People data and HRIS reporting expert.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Partner with IT and vendors to implement and manage integrations, evaluate new features, and identify opportunities to automate data workflows.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Manage data governance standards to ensure compliance and data privacy best practices.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Identify process improvements that enhance efficiency, data structure and accessibility.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Enable tier-zero employee and manager self-service for policies, processes, and data through systems and chatbots, reducing reliance on People team members and ticket systems.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Champion system education to drive employee and manager self-service adoption and data and systems utilization.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Drive AI initiatives such as deploying LLMs for job descriptions and ML to forecast attrition, ensuring tools are trained and continuously refined to be fit-for-purpose and remain within ethical and legal guardrails.<br></span></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Must haves:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Bachelor’s degree in Statistics, Data Science, Business Analytics, HR, Economics, or related field.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">5–7 years of experience in People Analytics, Workforce Analytics, HRIS Analytics, or related analytical roles. </span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Prior experience modifying, improving and/or implementing People systems (Greenhouse, Paylocity a bonus).</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Advanced proficiency in data visualization tools (Tableau, Power BI, Looker, or similar).</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Strong experience building executive dashboards from the ground up.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Knowledge of data, statistical, and predictive analysis.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Advanced Excel/Google Sheets skills.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Experience working with large, complex datasets.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Demonstrated ability to translate data into clear business insights and recommendations.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Strong understanding of core People processes (recruiting, compensation, performance, engagement, workforce planning).</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Excellent verbal and written communication skills.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Strong analytical and problem-solving skills.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Passion for driving continuous improvement simplifying workflows, implementing automation, and driving self-service. </span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Demonstrated interest in leveraging AI to enhance systems and analytics.<br></span></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Nice to haves:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><span style="font-weight: 300;">Experience in a high-growth biotech or startup environment, with exposure to IPO preparation, public company reporting requirements, or SOX-compliant processes.</span></li>
<li><span style="font-weight: 300;">Familiarity with Greenhouse, Paylocity, or other HRIS/ATS platforms.</span></li>
<li><span style="font-weight: 300;">Exposure to predictive analytics or basic modeling techniques.</span></li>
<li><span style="font-weight: 300;">SHRM-CP or SHRM-SCP certification.<br></span></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Benefits and additional information:</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 300;">The US target range of our</span><span style="font-weight: 300;"> base salary</span><span style="font-weight: 300;"> for new hires is $120,275 - $170,100.</span><span style="font-weight: 300;">&nbsp;You will also be eligible to receive equity, cash bonuses, and a full range of medical, financial, and other benefits depending on the position offered.&nbsp; Please note that individual total compensation for this position will be determined at the Company’s sole discretion and may vary based on several factors, including but not limited to, location, skill level, years and depth of relevant experience, and education. We invite you to check out our career page @ <span style="font-weight: 300;"><em><a href="http://freenome.com/job-openings/" target="\_blank" data-saferedirecturl="https://www.google.com/url?q=http://freenome.com/job-openings/&amp;source=gmail&amp;ust=1708620295766000&amp;usg=AOvVaw0K-a4lTJ0RquYagpqS-yp4">freenome.com/job-openings/</a></em></span></span><span style="font-weight: 300;">&nbsp;for additional company information.&nbsp;&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 300;">Freenome is proud to be an equal-opportunity employer, and we value diversity. Freenome does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, marital status, age, national origin, ancestry, physical or mental disability, medical condition, pregnancy, genetic information, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, veteran status, or any other status protected under federal, state, or local </span><span style="font-weight: 300;">law.</span></p>
<p><em><span style="font-weight: 300;">Applicants have rights under Federal Employment Laws.&nbsp;&nbsp;</span></em></p>
<ul>
<li><a href="https://www.dol.gov/agencies/whd/posters/fmla" target="\_blank"><em><span style="font-weight: 300;">Family &amp; Medical Leave Act (FMLA)</span></em></a></li>
<li><a href="https://www.dol.gov/agencies/ofccp/posters" target="\_blank"><em><span style="font-weight: 300;">Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO)</span></em></a></li>
<li><a href="https://www.dol.gov/agencies/whd/posters/employee-polygraph-protection-act" target="\_blank"><em><span style="font-weight: 300;">Employee Polygraph Protection Act (EPPA)</span></em></a></li>
</ul>
<p><span style="color: #ecf0f1;"><em><span style="font-weight: 300;">#LI-HYBRID</span></em></span></p>