<p>Canonical is a leading provider of open source software and operating systems to the global enterprise and technology markets. Our platform, Ubuntu, is very widely used in breakthrough enterprise initiatives such as public cloud, data science, AI, engineering innovation and IoT. Our customers include the world's leading public cloud and silicon providers, and industry leaders in many sectors. The company is a pioneer of global distributed collaboration, with 1000+ colleagues in 70+ countries and very few roles based in offices. Teams meet two to four times yearly in person, in interesting locations around the world, to align on strategy and execution.</p>
<p>The company is founder led, profitable and growing. We are hiring&nbsp;<strong>Tokyo Office Administrators with excellent English</strong> to help take responsibility for the success of our Tokyo office.</p>
<p>Our office administrators are part of our global business services team which covers business services, travel and logistics, events, expense management and administration. We look for positive team players who are self-driven and results oriented, with excellent attention to detail. The best candidates show that they are forward planners, reliable and determined, and keen to assume responsibility for projects, processes and policy. We are a unique global business, so we are not looking for candidates with extensive experience so much as excellent organisers and communicators who are keen to develop skills and strive for continuous improvement.</p>
<p><strong>Location:</strong> This is an office-based role based in Tokyo.</p>
<h3>What your day will look like</h3>
<ul>
<li>Create a professional, positive and welcoming environment for colleagues and guests</li>
<li>Proactive management of front-of-house, meeting rooms and desk space</li>
<li>Clerical, administrative and logistical tasks such as ordering supplies, office equipment, and processing invoices</li>
<li>Creating and maintaining relationships with internal and external stakeholders</li>
<li>Cross team collaboration across the company</li>
</ul>
<h3>What we are looking for</h3>
<ul>
<li>Excellent academics</li>
<li>Excellent spoken and written English skills</li>
<li>Responsible and accountable</li>
<li>Self-awareness and thoughtfulness</li>
<li>Ability to travel up to twice a year for company events of up to two weeks duration</li>
<li>Ability to grasp our existing technical systems and suggest improvements</li>
<li>Strong problem-solving skills with attention to detail</li>
<li>Excellent communication and interpersonal skills</li>
<li>Adaptability in a fast-paced, ever-changing environment</li>
</ul>
<h3>What we offer you</h3>
<p>We consider geographical location, experience, and performance in shaping compensation worldwide. We revisit compensation annually (and more often for graduates and associates) to ensure we recognise outstanding performance. In addition to base pay, we offer a performance-driven annual bonus. We provide all team members with additional benefits, which reflect our values and ideals. We balance our programs to meet local needs and ensure fairness globally.</p>
<ul>
<li>Personal learning and development budget of USD 2,000 per year</li>
<li>Annual compensation review</li>
<li>Recognition rewards</li>
<li>Annual holiday leave</li>
<li>Maternity and paternity leave</li>
<li>Pension and medical insurance</li>
<li>Employee Assistance Program</li>
<li>Opportunity to travel to new locations to meet colleagues</li>
<li>Priority Pass, and travel upgrades for long haul company events</li>
</ul>
<h3>About Canonical</h3>
<p>Canonical is a pioneering tech firm at the forefront of the global move to open source. As the company that publishes Ubuntu, one of the most important open source projects and the platform for AI, IoT and the cloud, we are changing the world on a daily basis. We recruit on a global basis and set a very high standard for people joining the company. We expect excellence - in order to succeed, we need to be the best at what we do. Canonical has been a remote-first company since its inception in 2004.​ Working here is a step into the future, and will challenge you to think differently, work smarter, learn new skills, and raise your game.</p>
<h3>Canonical is an equal opportunity employer</h3>
<p>We are proud to foster a workplace free from discrimination. Diversity of experience, perspectives, and background create a better work environment and better products. <a href="https://canonical.com/careers/diversity/identity">Whatever your identity, we will give your application fair consideration.</a></p>