<p>To help fuel and manage our continued ambitious growth in India we’re currently seeking a Senior Technical Recruiter.&nbsp;</p>
<p>We are looking to speak to candidates who are based in Gurgaon for our hybrid working model.</p>
<h3><strong>What you’ll do</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Own and drive full-cycle recruiting for a range of technical roles</li>
<li>Understand your business unit’s objectives and challenges and use that information to attract quality candidates</li>
<li>Create and execute sourcing strategies resulting in candidate pipelines that meet hiring goals</li>
<li>Build strong relationships with Hiring Managers and partner with them on everything from setting recruiting strategies to closing candidates</li>
<li>Utilize data-driven insights and recruiting metrics to track pipeline health and inform hiring decisions</li>
<li>Work effectively with internal clients to ensure the selection process results in quality hires</li>
<li>Ensure candidates have a positive interview experience from the screening process through offer negotiation</li>
</ul>
<h3>We’re looking for someone who</h3>
<ul>
<li>Has 4+ years of in-house technical recruiting experience</li>
<li>Has a subject-matter expertise in recruiting across a variety of technical areas such as back-end systems, cloud products and security</li>
<li>Has previous experience in sourcing, recruiting, and closing top technical talent in Gurgaon</li>
<li>Has Bachelor's degree and/or equivalent experience</li>
<li>Has data-driven mentality and uses data to shape their recruiting strategy</li>
<li>Thrives in a fast-paced, team-oriented environment</li>
<li>Has excellent verbal and written communication skills</li>
</ul>
<h3>About MongoDB</h3>
<p>MongoDB is built for change, empowering our customers and our people to innovate at the speed of the market. We have redefined the database for the AI era, enabling innovators to create, transform, and disrupt industries with software. MongoDB’s unified database platform, the most widely available, globally distributed database on the market, helps organizations modernize legacy workloads, embrace innovation, and unleash AI. Our cloud-native platform, MongoDB Atlas, is the only globally distributed, multi-cloud database and is available across AWS, Google Cloud, and Microsoft Azure.</p>
<p>With offices worldwide and over 60,000 customers, including 75% of the Fortune 100 and AI-native startups, relying on MongoDB for their most important applications, we’re powering the next era of software.</p>
<p>Our compass at MongoDB is our <a href="https://www.mongodb.com/company">Leadership Commitment,</a> guiding how and why we make decisions, show up for each other, and win. It’s what makes us MongoDB.&nbsp;</p>
<p>To drive the personal growth and business impact of our employees, we’re committed to developing a supportive and enriching culture for everyone. <a href="https://www.mongodb.com/company/blog/culture/employee-benefits-that-make-a-difference-at-mongodb">From employee affinity groups, to fertility assistance and a generous parental leave policy</a>, we value our employees’ wellbeing and want to support them along every step of their professional and personal journeys.<a href="https://www.mongodb.com/blog/channel/culture"> Learn more about what it’s like to work at MongoDB</a>, and help us make an impact on the world!</p>
<p>MongoDB is committed to providing any necessary accommodations for individuals with disabilities within our application and interview process. To request an accommodation due to a disability, please inform your recruiter.</p>
<p>MongoDB is an equal opportunities employer.</p>
<p><em>REQ ID: 273394197</em></p>