<h3>MongoDB and Customer Success</h3>
<p>MongoDB’s mission is to empower innovators to create, transform, and disrupt industries by unleashing the power of software and data. We enable organizations of all sizes to easily build, scale, and run modern applications by helping them modernize legacy workloads, embrace innovation, and unleash AI. Our industry-leading developer data platform, MongoDB Atlas, is the only globally distributed, multi-cloud database and is available in more than 115 regions across AWS, Google Cloud, and Microsoft Azure. Atlas allows customers to build and run applications anywhere, on premises, or across cloud providers. With offices worldwide and over 175,000 new developers signing up to use MongoDB every month, leading organizations like Samsung and Toyota, and AI innovators such as Delivery Hero and LG U+, trust MongoDB to build next-generation, AI-powered applications.</p>
<p>Our Customer Success team is the linchpin of the post-sales customer relationship. By combining deep business and technical savvy, Customer Success keeps MongoDB at the center of our customers’ technology strategy, and ensures every customer can realize the full potential of their investment.</p>
<h3>Customer Success Manager</h3>
<h3>The Role</h3>
<p>As a Customer Success Manager, you are the trusted advisor helping customers navigate their journey on MongoDB. You’ll be responsible for maximizing customer lifetime value and success for a portfolio of accounts, acting as a strategic connector between your customers and the right resources at the right time to achieve their unique business goals. You’ll drive customer retention, revenue realization, and advocacy. You’ll build deep relationships, understand customer needs inside and out, and seamlessly navigate account team and internal resources to deliver real, measurable impact where your customers need it most.</p>
<p class="p1">We are looking to speak to candidates who are based in Hamburg for our hybrid working model.</p>
<h3>Key Responsibilities</h3>
<p><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Customer Advisory</span></p>
<ul>
<li>Proactively identify risks and ensure deployment health by advising on best practices and operational strategies. Deliver optimal solutions to critical customer challenges, accelerating time-to-value and guiding customers to achieve their business goals through their MongoDB deployments.</li>
<li>Conduct comprehensive customer business reviews, analyzing technical health and operational performance while translating insights into value-based outcomes. Partner with technical and business leaders to align on objectives and champion mutual success plans that foster growth and retention.</li>
</ul>
<p><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Account &amp; Portfolio Management</span></p>
<ul>
<li>Own elements of the account plan that drive customer maturity and lifetime value, retention, and revenue realization. Proactively manage a portfolio of customers across various stages of the journey, creating and executing strategies to maximize value realization, advocacy, and long-term success.</li>
<li>Track and report progress against key business outcomes, forecast revenue retention and realization to senior leadership for business predictability, and identify new opportunities to expand customer impact, collaborating with presales teams to support growth.</li>
<li>Maintain meticulous hygiene in internal systems to ensure a single source of truth for customer insights and accurate territory analysis. Leverage AI-driven tools to streamline daily workflows, improve productivity, and optimize customer success outcomes.</li>
</ul>
<p><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Internal Collaboration &amp; Customer Advocacy</span></p>
<ul>
<li>Amplify the voice of the customer within MongoDB, leveraging customer insights to inform MongoDB’s product roadmap and coordinate across Sales, Product, Services, Support, and Training teams to drive customer health, satisfaction, and value realization.</li>
<li>Connect customers with the right internal resources, including Marketing programs and Executive Sponsor engagement, while contributing learnings from customer interactions to strengthen team success and maximize customer value.</li>
</ul>
<h3>What You Will Bring</h3>
<ul>
<li>Relevant Experience: 5 to 7+ years in a technical customer-facing role (e.g., Technical Customer Success, Solutions Architecture/Engineering, Professional Services/Implementation, Technical Account Management) for a deeply technical, ideally consumption-based, product.</li>
<li>Accountability: 3+ years experience being accountable for customer health and revenue realization for a defined book of business for Enterprise/High Tech customers</li>
<li>Communication: Excellent verbal and written skills with the ability to influence technical and business outcomes.</li>
<li>Education: Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, STEM, or equivalent technical work experience.</li>
</ul>
<h3>About MongoDB</h3>
<p>MongoDB is built for change, empowering our customers and our people to innovate at the speed of the market. We have redefined the database for the AI era, enabling innovators to create, transform, and disrupt industries with software. MongoDB’s unified database platform, the most widely available, globally distributed database on the market, helps organizations modernize legacy workloads, embrace innovation, and unleash AI. Our cloud-native platform, MongoDB Atlas, is the only globally distributed, multi-cloud database and is available across AWS, Google Cloud, and Microsoft Azure.</p>
<p>With offices worldwide and over 60,000 customers, including 75% of the Fortune 100 and AI-native startups, relying on MongoDB for their most important applications, we’re powering the next era of software.</p>
<p>Our compass at MongoDB is our <a href="https://www.mongodb.com/company">Leadership Commitment,</a> guiding how and why we make decisions, show up for each other, and win. It’s what makes us MongoDB.&nbsp;</p>
<p>To drive the personal growth and business impact of our employees, we’re committed to developing a supportive and enriching culture for everyone. <a href="https://www.mongodb.com/company/blog/culture/employee-benefits-that-make-a-difference-at-mongodb">From employee affinity groups, to fertility assistance and a generous parental leave policy</a>, we value our employees’ wellbeing and want to support them along every step of their professional and personal journeys.<a href="https://www.mongodb.com/blog/channel/culture"> Learn more about what it’s like to work at MongoDB</a>, and help us make an impact on the world!</p>
<p>MongoDB is committed to providing any necessary accommodations for individuals with disabilities within our application and interview process. To request an accommodation due to a disability, please inform your recruiter.</p>
<p>MongoDB is an equal opportunities employer.</p>
<p><em>Req ID: 1273394169</em></p>