<p>Datadog is a best-in-class SaaS company delivering the rare combination of hypergrowth, profitability, and long-term market leadership. Built by engineers, for engineers, our platform is used by organizations of all sizes to drive digital transformation, cloud migration, and full-stack observability across their technology landscape. We enable seamless collaboration and problem-solving across DevOps and Security teams globally.</p>
<p>Come join a high-performing team for the opportunity to learn from top leaders in the industry and grow alongside the company as we rapidly expand.</p>
<p><strong>About the Role</strong><br>Datadog is seeking a strategic, data-driven, and collaborative Head of Enterprise Sales to lead our organization in Japan to scale Datadog’s Strategic Enterprise and Public Sector business.</p>
<p>This senior leader will own both the Enterprise and Public Sector strategy for their region, ensuring resources are deployed effectively to build pipeline creation, deal progression, and multi-product adoption across Datadog’s largest and most strategic accounts. This senior leader will be responsible for driving market expansion and establishing Datadog as a trusted strategic partner.</p>
<p>Japan is a crucial market for Datadog’s growth, we have made a significant local investment with a local Data Centre, prominent real estate, more than 200 local staff to fully localize our products and services for Japanese customers. &nbsp;</p>
<p><em>At Datadog, we place value in our office culture - the relationships and collaboration it builds, and the creativity it brings to the table. We operate as a hybrid workplace to ensure our Datadogs can create a work-life harmony that best fits them.</em></p>
<p><strong>What You’ll Do</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Recruit, build and develop a world-class team of Enterprise Leaders and sellers</li>
<li>Own Strategic Enterprise and Public Sector revenue contribution for your region and influence targets, ensuring consistent attainment across quarterly and annual targets</li>
<li>Define and execute segment-level growth strategies across enterprise customers, including net-new acquisition, platform expansion, and multi-product adoption.</li>
<li>Accountable for strong operating rigor across pipeline generation, forecast contribution, deal inspection, and account-level strategies.</li>
<li>Guide leaders through complex, multi-stakeholder sales cycles, including executive alignment</li>
<li>Ensure teams are consistently engaged at the right stage of the sales cycle to maximize impact, from discovery and executive alignment through technical validation and close.</li>
<li>Continuously optimize sales motions, coverage models, and plays to improve win rates, deal velocity, and productivity.</li>
<li>Develop strong leadership capability across your team by coaching on value selling excellence, executive engagement and influence.</li>
<li>Foster a culture of collaboration, accountability, and customer obsession</li>
<li>Serve as an executive sponsor for Datadog’s most strategic customers, supporting AEs in senior-level customer engagements.</li>
<li>Invest deeply in leadership development, succession planning, and career progression.</li>
<li>Build lasting relationships with alliance and channel partners in the Datadog ecosystem&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Who You Are</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>10+ years of progressive enterprise sales experience within B2B sales in a technology company (preferably SaaS)</li>
<li>7+ years in senior leadership roles managing distributed sales teams in complex, cross-functional GTM environments.</li>
<li>A proven Sales professional with a track record of building relationships and managing complex sales processes</li>
<li>Demonstrated success improving sales performance metrics such as win rate, deal size, pipeline quality, and forecast accuracy.</li>
<li>Strong command of value-based selling methodologies, with experience using common frameworks such as MEDDICC.</li>
<li>Executive presence with the ability to influence internal stakeholders and engage credibly with C-level buyers.</li>
<li>Hands-on, high EQ leader comfortable diving into deals, coaching leaders, and reinforcing operational rigor.</li>
<li>Comfortable leading through ambiguity and evolving market dynamics to proactively drive sustained growth.</li>
<li>Comfortable speaking at public forums and conferences</li>
<li>Ability to align Japanese sales style with global GTM strategy / translate global strategy and initiatives into Japan execution&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p><em>Datadog values people from all walks of life. We understand not everyone will meet all the above qualifications on day one. That's okay. If you’re passionate about technology and want to grow your skills, we encourage you to apply.</em></p>
<p><strong>Benefits and Growth</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Generous and competitive global and US benefits</li>
<li>New hire stock equity (RSUs) and employee stock purchase plan</li>
<li>Continuous career development and pathing opportunities</li>
<li>Best-in-breed onboarding</li>
<li>Internal mentor and buddy programs</li>
<li>Friendly, inclusive, high-performance workplace culture</li>
</ul>
<p><em>Benefits and growth opportunities may vary based on your country of employment and employment type.</em></p><div class="content-conclusion"><hr>
<p><strong>About Datadog:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>Datadog (NASDAQ: DDOG) is a global SaaS business, delivering a rare combination of growth and profitability. We are on a mission to break down silos and solve complexity in the cloud age by enabling digital transformation, cloud migration, and infrastructure monitoring of our customers’ entire technology stacks. Built by engineers, for engineers, Datadog is used by organizations of all sizes across a wide range of industries. Together, we champion professional development, diversity of thought, innovation, and work excellence to empower continuous growth. Join the pack and become part of a collaborative, pragmatic, and thoughtful people-first community where we solve tough problems, take smart risks, and celebrate one another. Learn more about #DatadogLife on <a href="https://www.instagram.com/datadoghq/?hl=en" target="\_blank">Instagram</a>, <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/company/datadog" target="\_blank">LinkedIn,</a> and <a href="https://learn.datadoghq.com/" target="\_blank">Datadog Learning Center. </a></p>
<hr>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="215"><strong data-renderer-mark="true">Equal Opportunity at Datadog:</strong></p>
<p>Datadog is proud to offer <a href="https://www.eeoc.gov/sites/default/files/2023-06/22-088\_EEOC\_KnowYourRights6.12ScreenRdr.pdf" target="\_blank">equal employment opportunity</a> to everyone regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity, veteran status, and other characteristics protected by law. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. Here are our <a href="https://www.datadoghq.com/legal/candidate-legal-notices/" target="\_blank">Candidate Legal Notices</a> for your reference.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Datadog endeavors to make our Careers Page accessible to all users. If you would like to contact us regarding the accessibility of our website or need assistance completing the application process, please complete <a href="https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSeoJeduEZ2NdZF\_65uZmWUrCM-zee7yADXX1s6Xr9zAGq8iKA/viewform" target="\_blank">this form</a>. This form is for accommodation requests only and cannot be used to inquire about the status of applications.&nbsp;</p>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="662"><strong data-renderer-mark="true">Privacy and AI Guidelines:</strong></p>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="662">Any information you submit to Datadog as part of your application will be processed in accordance with Datadog’s&nbsp;<a class="c-link" href="https://www.datadoghq.com/legal/applicant-candidate-privacy/" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://www.datadoghq.com/legal/applicant-candidate-privacy/" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">Applicant and Candidate Privacy Notice</a>. For information on our AI policy, please visit <a href="https://www.datadoghq.com/legal/interviewing-at-datadog-ai-guidelines/" target="\_blank">Interviewing at Datadog AI Guidelines</a>.</p></div>