<p>When travelers are searching for a hotel, we want the obvious choice to be trivago! By comparing prices from major booking sites, we're making it easy for people to find hotels they want at a price they'll love. In the lively city of Düsseldorf, we seize opportunities to learn everyday, innovate, and make an enduring mark on the travel industry. A career at trivago is a journey designed for people who crave continuous development and want to thrive in a high-performing team. Here you will find those who aren't afraid of change but rather embrace it, turning every challenge into a pathway for growth. Join trivago, work with a great team, and grow with us!</p>
<h3><strong>Join us in making a difference</strong></h3>
<p>Our Internal Audit team is on a mission to provide independent assurance and innovative consulting services that enhance organizational value. We evaluate governance, risk management, and control effectiveness while educating stakeholders through actionable insights and suggested solutions. With a risk-based and objective approach, we drive continuous improvement across operational and compliance objectives. <br><br>trivago is seeking a highly motivated and self-starting individual to join trivago’s Internal Audit team in the position of IT Internal Auditor. Activities for this role focus on testing and evaluation of internal IT controls aiming Sarbanes-Oxley (SOX) act compliance, participation in other department initiatives and operational audits, as needed. This position requires strong knowledge of IT General Controls (ITGC) testing. </p>
<h3><strong>How you’ll make an impact:</strong></h3>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>Conduct IT control tests aiming SOX compliance in accordance with established audit standards and guidelines.</li>
<li>Develop audit workpapers and documentation to support audit findings and recommendations.</li>
<li>Communicate audit results to control owners, provide recommendations for corrective actions and follow up on them.</li>
<li>Collaborate with other departments to ensure that IT controls are in place and are operating effectively.</li>
<li>Participate in implementing team strategies, priorities and initiatives as defined by trivago audit management.</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>What you'll need to thrive:</strong></h3>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>Bachelor’s degree in computer science, Information Systems, or related field.</li>
<li>3-5 years of IT audit experience, preferably with SOX compliance focus.</li>
<li>Understanding of IT General Controls testing.</li>
<li>Ability to work independently and as part of a team.</li>
<li>Excellent communication skills. You will be in touch with many business and IT areas, as well as external auditors, demanding constant engagement with the parties.</li>
<li>Innovative mindset, being able to provide insights on how to do things differently, leaner, faster. Challenge <em>status-quo</em>.</li>
<li>Willingness to pursue relevant certifications (e.g., CISA, CRISC, etc.), learn, develop, and grow.</li>
<li>Fluency in English (our Company language).</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<h3><strong>What we’d love you to have: </strong></h3>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>Experience with Microsoft Dynamics 365, data analytics, RPA, or information security are plus.</li>
<li>Certifications like CISA, CRISC, CIA are also plus.</li>
</ul>
<p>Not ticking every box? We still want to hear from you. Apply, tell us what motivates you, and you could be a great match—now or in the future.&nbsp;</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>This is the recruitment process that you can expect for this role:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Hireflix: One way video interview</li>
<li>First call with Hiring Manager</li>
<li>Technical interview with team inc. live case study</li>
<li>Team Interview</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong data-renderer-mark="true">What you can look forward to: </strong></h3>
<p><strong>As you grow, so do we.</strong></p>
<p>This is why at trivago, we prioritize your development, offer personalized coaching through Nilo, and provide workshops, educational meetups, conferences, free online learning courses, and access to a fully-equipped campus library.</p>
<p><strong>Moving to join us?</strong></p>
<p>No problem. You can count on the visa support from our talent support team, a relocation package, interest-free newcomer loan, free language classes, regular team and company-wide events to build experiences together.</p>
<p><strong>Life happens.</strong></p>
<p>We offer self-determined vacation (with a minimum of 25 vacation days), flexible working hours, up to 2 work from home days weekly. Additionally you can work remotely from a different location, within Germany or selected countries abroad for up to 20 days per year. You also get free access to the Heycare platform for personalized nanny assistance, and an on-campus kids room.</p>
<p><strong>Enjoy your office days.</strong></p>
<p>Use your daily canteen budget to share lunch with colleagues in our canteen, help yourself to complimentary snacks and drinks in our kitchens,&nbsp;<strong>choose from a variety of fitness options with our on-site gym, sports classes, and Urban Sports Club membership</strong>, and enjoy the comfort of ergonomic desks and focused work areas.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><em>Thank you for considering a career at trivago! Our commitment to fostering an inclusive and enriching environment for all talents is at the heart of what we do. We understand that embarking on a new job opportunity is a blend of excitement and curiosity. Should any questions arise before you apply, feel free to reach out to us at </em><strong><em><a href="mailto:joinus@trivago.com">joinus@trivago.com</a></em></strong><em>. Join us in our mission to make a positive impact on global travel, w</em><em>e look forward to your application!</em></p>
<p style="display: none;">#LI-Hybrid</p></div>