<h2><strong>Who we are</strong></h2>
<h3><strong>About Stripe</strong></h3>
<p>Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies—from the world’s largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyone’s reach while doing the most important work of your career.&nbsp;</p>
<h3><strong>About the team</strong></h3>
<p>The Global GTM Operations team is responsible for overall productivity and effectiveness of the sales organization, partnering closely with the sales team and teams across Stripe to drive initiatives. Within this, the Global Sales, Strategy &amp; Operations organization is at the forefront of driving revenue and growth. This is an incredible opportunity to be part of the EMEA Sales Strategy and Operations team that plays an integral role in shaping and executing GTM strategies with Sales leaders of the EMEA business.&nbsp; You will partner with senior Sales leadership and the broader Sales team to drive the overall productivity and effectiveness of the segment. Responsibilities include go-to-market design, resource planning, quota setting and management, sales process optimization and business analytics. You will also partner with key cross-functional stakeholders, including Finance &amp; Strategy, Functional Sales Operations, Global Systems &amp; Processes, and the Strategy Planning and Insights team to streamline and optimize our internal processes and deliverables (monthly business reviews, weekly forecasting calls, target setting and planning). We are looking for a self-starter who&nbsp; is passionate about their work, detail oriented, analytical and has demonstrated success dealing with ambiguity in a high-growth environment, and solving problems with limited oversight.&nbsp;</p>
<p><br><br><br><br></p>
<h2><strong>What you’ll do</strong></h2>
<h3><strong>Responsibilities</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Collaborate with Sales leadership and cross-functional stakeholders in developing go-to-market strategy, resource plan and key organizational metrics.</li>
<li>Create and manage operational processes such as portfolio design, target setting and headcount strategy.</li>
<li>Partner with Sales leadership and cross-functional teams to manage forecasting, translate business needs into actionable operational plans, and identify risks and opportunities to support strategic decision making.</li>
<li>Own core rhythm-of-business processes, including weekly forecasting, monthly/quarterly business reviews, and OKR tracking, ensuring visibility, accountability, and alignment against business priorities.</li>
<li>Develop and execute initiatives designed to optimize sales team efficiency and productivity</li>
<li>Drive rhythm of business with strong operational rigor.</li>
<li>Provide insights on key performance metrics and priorities (e.g. weekly, monthly, quarterly business reviews), identify key roadblocks to progress, and work efficiently to remove them</li>
<li>Provide business analytic strength to help drive initiatives critical to ongoing growth and provide key insights for business leadership to support strategic decision-making</li>
<li>Drive local / regional critical projects and initiatives and drive alignment with cross-functional teams across the organization by developing detailed project plans with activity based milestones</li>
<li>Oversee implementation of enabling systems and tools, working closely with internal systems teams</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Who you are</strong></h2>
<p>We’re looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.</p>
<h3><strong>Minimum requirements</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>8+ years of sales strategy and operations experience in a high-tech growth environment, or operational experience in investment banking, management consulting, private equity, venture capital, or business insights / analytics roles</li>
<li>Bachelor's Degree in a related field (e.g. Finance, Business, Engineering, Mathematics)</li>
<li>Strong business acumen and ​​Distinctive problem solving and analysis skills. Ability to solve complex and diverse business problems (commercial, operational, organizational).</li>
<li>&nbsp;take a structured approach to solving unique business problemsAdvanced SQL and Excel skills and experience working with large data sets.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Stakeholder management experience - with strong communication and influencing skills.&nbsp;</li>
<li>An enthusiastic "roll up your sleeves" mentality. Works well under pressure, with a high degree of adaptability and flexibility in a fast paced, ambiguous and rapidly changing environment</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>Preferred requirements</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>MBA or higher degree in an analytical field</li>
<li>Proficiency in SQL or the appetite to learn</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li>Proficiency in BI visualization tools (e.g. Tableau)</li>
</ul>
<p><br><br></p>