<div class="content-intro"><h3><strong>Join Udemy. Help </strong><strong>define<em> </em></strong><strong>the future of learning.</strong></h3>
<p>Udemy is an AI-powered skills acceleration platform built to help people and teams grow. It’s personalized, practical, and focused on real-world impact.</p>
<p>Our mission is simple: to transform lives through learning. Your work helps people around the world build skills they can use, whether they’re picking up something new or leveling up to stay ahead.</p>
<p>Over 80 million learners and 17,000 businesses already learn with Udemy. If you’re excited by change, energized by learning, and ready to have a real impact, you’ll feel right at home.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Learn more about us on our<a href="https://about.udemy.com/company/"> company page</a>.</p></div><p><strong>Where we work</strong></p>
<h3><span style="font-size: 14px;">Udemy is a global company headquartered in San Francisco, with additional U.S. offices in Denver and Austin, and international hubs in Australia, India, Ireland, Mexico, and Türkiye. <strong><em>This is an in-office position, requiring three days a week in the office (Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday) and flexibility on Mondays and Fridays</em></strong>.</span></h3>
<h3>&nbsp;</h3>
<h3>About this role</h3>
<p>As a Sales Development Representative, you will work with prospects who engage with Udemy to build pipeline for our LATAM Account Executives across small business and large enterprise organizations. With a customer-first mentality, this role requires active listening, quick thinking, and a growth mentality to address customer needs and build meaningful interactions that showcase Udemy Business’s unique value proposition.&nbsp;</p>
<p>With a plethora of innovative sales automation tools at your fingertips, Salesforce, Gong, and LinkedIn Sales Navigator to name a few, you will become a prospecting master, developing a best-in-class sales methodology that will help you elevate your sales career (or any path you decide to take). At Udemy Business, our mission is to help people do whatever comes next, including our employees!</p>
<h3>What you'll be doing</h3>
<ul>
<li>Build pipeline across LATAM&nbsp; by responding to inbound inquiries of Udemy Business by driving high-impact conversations via phone, email, LinkedIn, gifting, text and video</li>
<li>Becoming a powerful storyteller that clearly and confidently conveys Udemy Business value across our key customers&nbsp;</li>
<li>Leveraging the most in-demand sales tools to drive efficiency, review key metrics and optimize processes (Salesforce, LinkedIn Sales Navigator, Gong)</li>
<li>You will strategically manage your pipeline and book of business, utilizing innovative sales tools to identify and pursue new opportunities effectively.</li>
<li>Mastering core sales skills: Call effectiveness, time management, territory planning and execution, sales tools and digital strategy</li>
<li>Embracing the opportunity to enhance Udemy’s inclusive culture by championing yourself and the wins of others in a hybrid environment</li>
</ul>
<h3>What you’ll have&nbsp;</h3>
<ul>
<li>Enthusiasm around a dynamic, goal-focused environment, where connecting with people, understanding their needs, and creatively solving business challenges are part of your daily adventure.</li>
<li>Trilingual fluency in English, Portuguese &amp; Spanish is strongly preferred</li>
<li>Eagerness to learn and improve, with examples of personal or professional development initiatives.</li>
<li>Ability to ask insightful questions and a keenness for problem-solving.</li>
<li>High-energy, a team player mentality, and self-motivated.</li>
<li>Experience with our tech stack: Salesforce, Gong, ZoomInfo, Orum, and SalesNavigator is a plus.</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>About your Skills&nbsp;</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li><strong>Communication: </strong>You're an active listener and naturally curious with prospects to understand their pain points, challenges, and needs. You are an effective communicator who articulates the value proposition of Udemy Business. You build rapport and trust with prospects through active listening and clear communication which is critical for successful engagement and conversion.</li>
<li><strong>Coachability:</strong>. You&nbsp; demonstrate a growth mindset by being open to learning and feedback is critical in a constantly evolving sales environment. You adapt quickly to new sales tools, methodologies, and market trends. You embody our value of “Courageously Experimental” when testing different approaches and strategies to find what works best for your process and prospects.</li>
<li><strong>Time Management: </strong>Time management skills are crucial for efficiently prioritizing tasks and allocating time to activities that yield the highest returns, such as prospecting, qualifying leads, and engaging with prospects. You exceed at managing your own calendar, efficiently utilizing your time to complete mission critical tasks. By effectively managing your pipeline and following established processes, you will maximize your productivity and increase your chances of meeting or exceeding sales targets.</li>
<li><strong>Drive</strong>: You strive to set ambitious yet achievable goals and take proactive steps to pursue and exceed them. You demonstrate a strong drive and are motivated by challenges and setbacks, viewing them as opportunities for growth and improvement. You are not afraid to fail when faced with challenges and objections, but view failure as an opportunity to learn and grow.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Posting Date: </strong>1/01/2026<br><strong>Application Window: </strong>We anticipate accepting applications for this role on an ongoing basis</p><div class="content-pay-transparency"><div class="pay-input"><div class="description"><p><span style="font-weight: 400;">At Udemy, we strive to be transparent around compensation. Actual compensation for this role is based on several factors, including but not limited to job-related skills, qualifications, experience, and specific work location due to differences in the cost of labor. In addition to a base salary, this role is also eligible for equity and uncapped OTE.</span></p></div><div class="title">OTE Compensation Range</div><div class="pay-range"><span>R$114.400</span><span class="divider">&mdash;</span><span>R$143.000 BRL</span></div></div></div><div class="content-conclusion"><h3><strong>Why work here?</strong></h3>
<p><strong>You’ll grow here.</strong><strong><br></strong>Learning is part of the job. You’ll get full access to Udemy courses, a monthly UDay to invest in yourself, and a budget to spend on whatever helps you improve. Many people are diving into AI lately, but what you focus on is up to you.</p>
<p><strong>AI is real here.</strong><strong><br></strong>We use it in the way we learn and the way we work. You’ll have the space and tools to experiment, apply, and get better at using AI in practical ways.</p>
<p><strong>You’ll own your work.</strong><strong><br></strong>We trust people to lead, make decisions, and follow through. You don’t need to wait for permission or layers of approval to have an impact.</p>
<p><strong>You’ll build with others.</strong><strong><br></strong>We collaborate openly and shape ideas together. Everyone has a voice, and good thinking is welcomed from any direction.</p>
<p><strong>You’ll see your impact.</strong><strong><br></strong>What you build helps people grow their skills, change their careers, or find a path forward. You’ve got the experience, why not use it to help others gain theirs?</p>
<p><em>Bring your curiosity. We’ll bring the platform and the support. Let’s <strong>LEARN</strong>&nbsp;together.&nbsp;</em></p>
<h3><strong>Our Benefits Start with U</strong></h3>
<p>Our benefits start with you and were built to provide you and your family with the protection and care you need, making it easy to access the right coverage when you need it most. Benefits vary by region, and we encourage applicants to review our <a href="https://www.udemybenefits.com/au/au-home">Australia Benefits, </a><a href="https://www.udemybenefits.com/in/in-home">India Benefits,</a><a href="https://www.udemybenefits.com/ie/ie-home" target="\_blank"> Ireland Benefits,</a> <a href="https://www.udemybenefits.com/mx/home">Mexico Benefits</a>,&nbsp;<a href="https://www.udemybenefits.com/tr/home" target="\_blank">Turkiye Benefits</a> &amp; <a href="https://www.udemybenefits.com/us/home" target="\_blank">US Benefits,</a>&nbsp;pages to get an understanding of some of the benefits we offer. For details on region-specific benefits, please refer to the information provided during the hiring process.&nbsp;</p>
<div class="c-message\_kit\_\_gutter">
<div class="c-message\_kit\_\_gutter\_\_right" data-qa="message\_content">
<div class="c-message\_kit\_\_blocks c-message\_kit\_\_blocks--rich\_text">
<div class="c-message\_\_message\_blocks c-message\_\_message\_blocks--rich\_text" data-qa="message-text">
<div class="p-block\_kit\_renderer" data-qa="block-kit-renderer">
<div class="p-block\_kit\_renderer\_\_block\_wrapper p-block\_kit\_renderer\_\_block\_wrapper--first">
<div class="p-rich\_text\_block">
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section"><em>Benefits outlined are provided as a general overview and may vary depending on the location, role, and employment classification. All benefits are subject to change at the discretion of the organization and in accordance with applicable laws and policies.</em></div>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section">&nbsp;</div>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section"><em>At Udemy, we value diversity and inclusion and consider qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, ancestry, age, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital or family status, veteran status, medical condition, or disability. We understand that not everyone will match each of the qualifications. However, we also realize that everyone has unique experiences that can add value to our company. Even if you think your background might not perfectly align, we'd love to hear from you!&nbsp;</em></div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<p><em><strong>Information regarding data privacy is available within the<a href="https://about.udemy.com/careers-privacy-notice/"> Udemy Careers Privacy Notice</a>.</strong></em></p></div>