<div class="content-intro"><p>Fastly helps people stay better connected with the things they love. Fastly’s edge cloud platform enables customers to create great digital experiences quickly, securely, and reliably by processing, serving, and securing our customers’ applications as close to their end-users as possible — at the edge of the Internet. The platform is designed to take advantage of the modern internet, to be programmable, and to support agile software development. Fastly’s customers include many of the world’s most prominent companies, including GitHub, Yelp, Paramount, and JetBlue.</p>
<p>We're building a more trustworthy Internet. Come join us.</p></div><p><strong>Posting Open Date: </strong>24 March, 2026</p>
<p><strong>Anticipated Posting Close Date\*: </strong>20 April, 2026</p>
<p><em>\*Job posting may close early due to the volume of applicants.</em><em><br><br></em></p>
<p><strong>Staff Software Engineer, Compute Platform</strong></p>
<p>This team builds the platform for Fastly’s Compute – an advanced serverless platform built on open standards which runs on our global edge network. It’s designed to address the requirements of modern application development by empowering customers to run code in a highly secure execution environment with microsecond cold start times, at scale, on the edge.</p>
<p>We are looking for a Staff Software Engineer to join this multifaceted team and help scale our hosting infrastructure. In addition to nuts-and-bolts networking and systems-level work, this role will involve cross-team collaboration, and designing high quality APIs for our customers to use services developed by other teams. There is also opportunity to contribute to open source projects (like <a href="https://github.com/bytecodealliance/wasmtime">Wasmtime</a>) that are key parts of the Compute story.<strong>&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p><strong>What You'll Do:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Coordinate and communicate seamlessly with the team members and across other technical and product teams</li>
<li>Contribute to code reviews, improving the codebase and other team processes</li>
<li>Manage projects from a technical lead role driving project progress and communicating project status to stakeholders</li>
<li>Write platform-level code in Rust that handles host concerns like back pressure, resource limits, and interactions with other services</li>
<li>Analyze and address performance and stability issues to meet high scale requirements</li>
<li>Be responsible for a large scale production system with extremely high performance and availability requirements</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>What We're Looking For:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>You have at least 7 years of software development experience, with at least 3 of those in high-reliability systems programming, ideally in Rust.</li>
<li>Comfortable writing asynchronous, concurrent code</li>
<li>A willingness to dive into and learn bleeding-edge and developing technologies</li>
</ul>
<p><strong><strong>&nbsp;</strong></strong></p>
<p><strong>We’ll be super impressed if you have experience in any of these:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Understanding of security concerns in multi-tenant systems</li>
<li>Experience with multiprocess scheduling and memory management</li>
<li>Experience with systems-level optimization</li>
<li>Experience with and interest in technical writing</li>
<li>History of open source contribution</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Work Hours</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>This position will require you to be available during core business hours and requires occasional nights and weekends as necessary to support on-call coverage.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Work Location(s) &amp; Travel Requirements:</strong>&nbsp;</p>
<p>The preferred office locations for this position are:</p>
<ul>
<li>London, United Kingdom</li>
</ul>
<p>Fastly currently embraces a largely hybrid model for most roles which allows employees flexibility to split their time between the office and home.&nbsp;&nbsp;</p>
<p>We are also willing to consider remote candidates in the United Kingdom.</p>
<p>This position will require you to be available during core business hours and occasional nights and weekends as required for on call support.<br><br>This position may require travel, including to the United States, as required by your role or requested by your manager.</p>
<p><br><br><strong>Salary:</strong></p>
<p>The estimated annual base salary for this position ranges from £124,780.00 to £149,736.&nbsp;<br><br>Starting salary may vary based on permissible, non-discriminatory factors such as experience, skills, qualifications, and location.</p>
<p>This role may be eligible to participate in Fastly’s equity and discretionary bonus programs.<br><br></p>
<p><strong>Benefits:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>We care about you. Fastly works hard to create a positive environment for our employees, and we think your life outside of work is important too. We support our teams with great benefits that start on the first day of your employment with Fastly. Curious about our offerings?&nbsp;</p>
<p>We offer a comprehensive benefits package designed to meet your needs. Our offerings may vary depending on the country where you work and are subject to change.</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>Why Fastly?</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>
<p><strong>We have a huge impact.</strong>&nbsp;Fastly is a small company with a big reach. Not only do<a class="external-link" href="https://www.fastly.com/customers" target="\_blank">&nbsp;our customers</a>&nbsp;have a tremendous user base, but we also support a growing number of<a class="external-link" href="https://www.fastly.com/open-source/" target="\_blank">&nbsp;open source projects and initiatives</a>.&nbsp;Outside of code, employees are encouraged to share causes close to their heart with others so we can help lend a supportive hand.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p><strong>We value diversity.</strong>&nbsp;Growing and maintaining our inclusive and diverse team matters to us. We are committed to being a company where our employees feel comfortable bringing their authentic selves to work and have the ability to be successful -- every day.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p><strong>We are passionate.</strong>&nbsp;Fastly is chock full of passionate people and we’re not ‘one size fits all’. Fastly employs authors, pilots, skiers, parents (of humans and animals), makeup geeks, coffee connoisseurs, and more. We love employees for who they are and what they are passionate about.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>We’re always looking for humble, sharp, and creative folks to join the Fastly team. If you think you might be a fit please apply!</strong><strong> A fully completed application and resume or CV are required when applying.</strong></p>
<p><em>All job applications must be submitted through our official careers site at </em><a href="http://www.fastly.com/careers"><em>www.fastly.com/about/careers</em></a><em>. We will never request sensitive information, such as your Social Security number, bank account or credit card information during the application process. All official communication will come from an @</em><a href="http://fastly.com"><em>fastly.com</em></a><em> or @</em><a href="http://recruiting.fastly.com"><em>recruiting.fastly.com</em></a><em> email address. </em></p>
<p><em><span style="font-weight: 400;">Fastly is committed to ensuring equal employment opportunity and to providing employees with a safe and welcoming work environment free of discrimination and harassment. Our employment decisions are based on business needs, job requirements and individual qualifications.</span></em><em><span style="font-weight: 400;"> All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, family or parental status, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances.</span></em></p>
<p><em><span style="font-weight: 400;">Consistent with the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) and federal or state disability laws, Fastly will provide reasonable accommodations for applicants and employees with disabilities. If reasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and/or to receive other benefits and privileges of employment, please contact your Recruiter, or the Fastly Employee Relations team at </span></em><a href="mailto:candidateaccommodations@fastly.com"><em><span style="font-weight: 400;">candidateaccommodations@fastly.com</span></em></a><em><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or 501-287-4901.&nbsp; </span></em></p>
<p><em>Fastly collects and processes personal data submitted by job applicants in accordance with our<a class="external-link" href="https://www.fastly.com/privacy" target="\_blank">&nbsp;Privacy Policy</a>. Please see our<a class="external-link" href="https://www.fastly.com/privacy-job-applicants" target="\_blank">&nbsp;privacy notice for job applicants</a>.</em></p></div>