Join the team behind ScrapingBee, the scraping API used by developers worldwide. We’re seeking a results-oriented product expert to execute our global strategy and drive our next phase of growth.

If you're looking for a high-impact role where your numbers-driven approach shapes a world-class product, this is the place for you.

**Think you're the right fit? Let’s talk.**

## Your day-to-day:

- **Shape strategy for ScrapingBee product:** build and maintain roadmap based on customer needs and market trends;
- **Own full lifecycle of the product:** from idea discovery to delivery to driving adoption within developer community;
- **Deeply understand developer needs:** engage in direct user research to get insights about customer requirements, challenges and pain points;
- **Run A/B tests:** validate hypothesis and help to drive conversion rate up;
- **Partner up to deliver new features:** work together with experienced team of engineers, designers and marketing;
- **Present the product:** demos, showcasing, workshops or hackathons - spreading the word about ScrapingBee.

## Your skills & experience:

- **At least 3 years** of experience in Product Manager role, working with technical product (*ideally - API*);
- Proven experience of **owning full lifecycle of the technical product** - from idea to implementation and beyond;
- Experience conducting customer interviews;
- A history of driving significant results and measurable growth;
- A strong sense of ownership and a high drive for results;
- Strategic mindset to identify and drive opportunities;
- Strong communication skills;
- Fluency in English and Lithuanian.

*Nice to have:*

- Experience working with Developer/API product;
- Experience showcasing the product in workshops, meetups, hackathons.

## Salary:

- **Gross salary:** 4700 - 6700 EUR/month. Keep in mind that we are open to discuss a different salary based on your skills and competencies.