<div id="content" class="highlighter-context page view" data-inline-comments-target="true" data-testid="page-content-only">
<div class="\_19itglyw \_vchhusvi \_r06hglyw \_19pkidpf \_2hwx1wug \_otyr1epz \_18u01wug \_1bsb1osq">
<div>
<div id="main-content" class="wiki-content css-th923b e5xcnr80" data-testid="pageContentRendererTestId" data-vc="pageContentRendererTestId" data-test-appearance="full-page">
<div class="renderer-overrides">
<div class="css-3qfej8">
<div class="ak-renderer-wrapper is-full-page css-pw7jst">
<div class="css-d13pxp">
<div class="ak-renderer-document">
<p data-renderer-start-pos="1"><strong data-renderer-mark="true">ABOUT FANDUEL</strong></p>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="16">FanDuel Group is the premier mobile gaming company in the United States. FanDuel Group consists of a portfolio of leading brands across mobile wagering including, America’s #1 Sportsbook FanDuel Sportsbook, its leading iGaming platform FanDuel Casino, the industry’s unquestioned leader in horse racing and advance-deposit wagering, FanDuel Racing and its daily fantasy sports product.</p>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="403">In addition, FanDuel Group operates FanDuel TV, its broadly distributed linear cable television network and FanDuel TV+, its leading direct-to-consumer <span data-highlighted="true" data-vc="highlighted-text"><span class="\_kqswh2mm"><span class="\_5pioz8co \_189e1dm9 \_1il9buyh \_19lc184f \_d0altlke" data-testid="definition-highlighter">OTT</span></span></span> platform. FanDuel Group has a presence across all 50 states and Puerto Rico with approximately 17 million customers and 31 retail locations.</p>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="701">The company is based in New York with offices in Los Angeles, Atlanta and Jersey City, as well as in Canada, Scotland, Ireland, Portugal, Romania and Australia.</p>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="863">FanDuel Group is a subsidiary of Flutter Entertainment, the world's largest sports betting and gaming operator with a portfolio of globally recognized brands and traded on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE: <span data-highlighted="true" data-vc="highlighted-text"><span class="\_kqswh2mm"><span class="\_5pioz8co \_189e1dm9 \_1il9buyh \_19lc184f \_d0altlke" data-testid="definition-highlighter">FLUT</span></span></span>).</p>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="1078"><strong data-renderer-mark="true">THE ROSTER</strong></p>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="1090">At FanDuel, we give fans a new and innovative way to interact with their favorite games, sports and teams. We’re dedicated to building a winning team and we pride ourselves on being able to make every moment mean more, especially when it comes to your career. So, what does “winning” look like at FanDuel? It’s recognition for your hard-earned results, a culture that brings out your best work—and a roster full of talented coworkers. Make no mistake, we are here to win, but we believe in winning right. That means we’ll never compromise when it comes to looking out for our teammates. From creatives professionals to cutting edge technology innovators, FanDuel offers a wide range of career opportunities, best in class benefits, and the tools to explore and grow into your best selves. At FanDuel, our principle of “We Are One Team” runs through all our offices across the globe, and you can expect to be a part of an exciting company with many opportunities to grow and be successful.</p>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="2080"><strong data-renderer-mark="true">THE POSITION</strong><br><strong data-renderer-mark="true">Our roster has an opening with your name on it</strong></p>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="2141">Our Account vertical is part of the Core Products &amp; Experiences (CPE) group which provides core Acquisition, Onboarding, Management, and Protection customer journeys. Our remit is to enable customers to easily sign up and manage all details of their user accounts across FanDuel products. We primarily use Java and some Python along with a lot of Terraform on AWS. It’s also important to be comfortable working on the frontend (React).</p>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="2578">We’re looking for passionate technologists, strong communicators, and those with a commitment to continuous improvement. The ideal candidate will have the confidence to propose pragmatic solutions to complex problems and be eager to learn from and educate others. As a Senior Software Engineer, you will work in empowered, multidisciplinary teams, autonomously tackling complex challenges that provide the very best experiences and products for a growing community of millions of players.</p>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="3068">In addition to the specific responsibilities outlined above, employees may be required to perform other such duties as assigned by the Company. This ensures operational flexibility and allows the Company to meet evolving business needs.</p>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="3306"><strong data-renderer-mark="true">THE GAME PLAN</strong><br><strong data-renderer-mark="true">Everyone on our team has a part to play</strong></p>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="3361">Your work is consistently of high quality. You solve difficult problems, applying appropriate technologies and best practices. You work with your team to invent, design, and build software that is stable and performant. You are proficient in a broad range of design approaches and know when it is appropriate to use them and when it is not. Your solutions are pragmatic. You consider the legacy of the code you produce and write code that an Engineer unfamiliar with the system can understand. You limit the use of short-term workarounds. You do things with the proper level of complexity the first time (or at least minimize incidental complexity). You create flexible software without over-engineering. You make appropriate trade-offs, re-use where possible, and are judicious about introducing dependencies. You are efficient with resource usage (e.g., system hardware, database, memory/CPU, etc.).  </p>
<ul class="ak-ul" data-indent-level="1">
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="4268">You own parts of product and technology &amp; strive to become a subject matter expert.  </p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="4357">You write simple and extendable code following standards and best practices. You test your code thoroughly. You help balance customer requirements with the team requirements.  </p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="4537">You help your team evolve by actively participating in the code review process, design discussions, team planning, and support ticket reviews.  </p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="4685">You take on projects and make software enhancements that improve the team software and processes.  </p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="4788">You work to resolve the root cause of complex problems, leaving software better and easier to maintain than when you found it.  </p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="4920">You estimate stories/tasks accurately and deliver them in time. You keep yourself up to date with industry tools, utilities, and open-source frameworks.  </p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="5078">You participate in the interview process and help your team train other Software Engineers.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="5173">You will keep yourself up to date with market standards, open-source frameworks.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="5257">You participate in the on-call support rotation for your organization.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="5331">Most importantly, you are humble, pragmatic, self-managed, thirsty for knowledge, never satisfied and always challenging the norm. Responsible for the state of the code you both inherit and produce.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="5533"><strong data-renderer-mark="true">THE STATS</strong><br><strong data-renderer-mark="true">What we're looking for in our next teammate</strong></p>
<ul class="ak-ul" data-indent-level="1">
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="5590">Degree in Computer Science or related software engineering field, or equivalent practical experience preferred.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="5705">Experience writing distributed, highly scalable, and available backend systems &amp; APIs using <strong>Java, Python, or similar programming languages</strong>.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="5848">A fundamental understanding of data structures and algorithms.  </p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="5916">Good grasp on relational, non-relational databases, messaging queues and handling concurrency.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="6014">Knowledge of release process best practices for APIs and services within production systems.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="6110">Experience working with cloud-based infrastructure and technologies, preferably AWS.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="6198">Understanding DevOps concepts such as containers (e.g. Docker), orchestration (e.g. Kubernetes), and Infrastructure as Code (e.g. CloudFormation or Terraform).</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="6361">Strong sense of ownership, urgency, and drive.  </p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="6413">Demonstrated abilities driving operational excellence and software best practices.  </p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="6501">Experience with testing concepts, test tools, and integrating testing and best practices in the <span data-highlighted="true" data-vc="highlighted-text"><span class="\_kqswh2mm"><span class="\_5pioz8co \_189e1dm9 \_1il9buyh \_19lc184f \_d0altlke" data-testid="definition-highlighter">SDLC</span></span></span>.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="6606">Desire to learn and develop your skills through a growth mindset.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="6675">Passion for working within a fast-paced environment and can adapt to change.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="6755"><strong data-renderer-mark="true">PLAYER BENEFITS</strong><br><strong data-renderer-mark="true">We treat our team right</strong><br>From our many opportunities for professional development to our generous insurance and paid leave policies, we’re committed to making sure our employees get as much out of FanDuel as we ask them to give. Competitive compensation is just the beginning. As part of our team, you can expect:</p>
<ul class="ak-ul" data-indent-level="1">
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="7087">An exciting and fun environment committed to driving real growth</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="7155">Opportunities to build really cool products that fans love</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="7217">Career and professional development resources to help you refine your game plan for owning and driving your career and development</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="7351">Be well, save well and live well - with FanDuel Total Rewards your benefits are one highlight reel after another</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="7467">&nbsp;</p>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="7469">FanDuel is an equal opportunities employer and we believe, as one of our principal states, “We Are One Team!”&nbsp; We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ethnicity, ancestry, religion, creed, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship status, marital status, disability, gender identity, gender expression, Veteran status, or another other characteristic protected by state, local or federal law. We believe FanDuel is strongest and best able to compete if all employees feel valued, respected, and included.&nbsp; We want our team to include diverse individuals because diversity of thought, diversity of perspectives, and diversity of experiences leads to better performance.&nbsp; Having a diverse and inclusive workforce is a core value that we believe makes FanDuel stronger and more competitive as One Team!</p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div id="comment-container" class="\_kqswstnw \_lcxvglyw \_c71l12am" data-testid="comment-container"></div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div id="reading-aids-portal-container" class="\_1reoewfl \_18m9ewfl \_kqswh2mm \_1pby1o8a" data-ssr-placeholder="nmqvg:z8NN7:qz-Pe:OP-5u-0"><span id="cc-reading-aids-highlight-spotlight" class="\_tzy4idpf \_kqswstnw \_lcxvglyw \_154i1ter \_1ltv1rza \_1bsb1rkg \_4t3i1474" data-ssr-placeholder="7h\_DJ:nmqvg:z8NN7:qz-Pe:OP-5u-0"></span></div>
<p>&nbsp;</p>