<p>Who we are</p>
<h3><strong>About Stripe</strong></h3>
<p>Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies—from the world’s largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyone’s reach while doing the most important work of your career.</p>
<h3>About the team</h3>
<p>Stripe’s Revenue and Finance Automation (RFA) suite gives businesses power over the entire life cycle of their cash flow. By coordinating billing, tax, accounting, and data services in one modern stack, the RFA suite eliminates inefficiencies of legacy finance tools and supports revenue growth.</p>
<p>While the internet has been a boon to productivity, the gains have been uneven. Common financial processes like billing, tax, and month-end book closing are still painfully inefficient and manual. They’re also typically spread across a dozen or more software tools. The result: one-third of finance leaders reopen their books at least once a quarter because of accounting errors, and half spend 10 hours a month manually correcting discrepancies.</p>
<p>Stripe’s RFA suite relieves those burdens by equipping finance leaders with revenue management tools that are as sophisticated as the businesses they run. The suite automates manual work and improves accuracy across the cash flow life cycle, from payments and billing to tax, reporting, and accounting.</p>
<p>Our portfolio is growing rapidly and we are expanding our RFA suite to serve the diverse spectrum of Stripe’s users, from brand new startups to public companies. Simultaneously we are investing in foundations for an extensible platform solution, including integrations with external systems that will let us scale our reach and capabilities by orders of magnitude over the next few years.</p>
<h3>What you’ll do</h3>
<p>At Stripe, Product Managers help build innovative payments products for our customers. We're seeking an experienced Product Manager to join our team and help develop a suite of products aimed at streamlining complex back-office operations. Our goal is to offer AI-enabled tools that help finance and accounting teams in reducing manual work and ensuring their books are always up-to-date. In this role, you'll work towards our vision of automating routine accounting tasks while providing timely financial insights to support strategic decision-making.</p>
<p>You’d be joining a team of experienced PMs who have a track record of successfully building large-scale business and consumer products that are collectively impacting millions of users around the world. This role will provide the opportunity to lead the strategy and roadmap for one of Stripe’s strategic products and shape the future of revenue automation.&nbsp;</p>
<h3>Responsibilities</h3>
<ul>
<li>On a day-to-day basis, you will divide your time between external meetings with customers and internal discussions with your engineering, design, marketing, analytics, sales, and product counterparts.</li>
<li>Identify the most important problems to solve, develop product solutions, define the GTM strategy, and collaborate with engineering and design to scope the work.</li>
<li>Articulate the product vision, develop annual and quarterly roadmap, and collaborate with other business functions to successfully deliver these solutions to our users.</li>
</ul>
<h3>Who you are</h3>
<p>We’re looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.</p>
<h3>Minimum requirements</h3>
<ul>
<li>7+ years of relevant product management or product-adjacent experience, with a proven track record of building complex, high impact products in the B2B or B2C space</li>
<li>Experience partnering closely with engineers, designers, and external partners to build products and complex systems at scale.</li>
<li>Strong product sense: Ability to understand user needs in-depth, develop a compelling product strategy, and create delightful experiences that solve user problems and drive success.</li>
<li>Strong communication skills: Ability to synthesize complex discussions, write succinctly, and present to senior stakeholders both within and outside Stripe.</li>
<li>Ability to thrive in a dynamic, fast-paced environment with significant autonomy and responsibility.</li>
<li>Strong business acumen and comfort with complex ecosystems and platform-level challenges.</li>
<li>Past experience mentoring and investing in the development of Product Managers.</li>
</ul>
<h3>Preferred qualifications</h3>
<ul>
<li>Experience working on financial automation/FinTech products</li>
<li>If you meet the minimum requirements, we encourage you to apply. Preferred qualifications are beneficial but not mandatory.</li>
</ul>