<div class="content-intro"><p><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif; font-size: 12pt;">Airbnb was born in 2007 when two hosts welcomed three guests to their San Francisco home, and has since grown to over 5 million hosts who have welcomed over 2 billion guest arrivals in almost every country across the globe. Every day, hosts offer unique stays and experiences that make it possible for guests to connect with communities in a more authentic way.</span></p></div><p><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; color: #000000;"><strong>The Community You Will Join:&nbsp;</strong></span></p>
<p><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; color: #000000;">Airbnb’s Legal team embodies the company’s innovative, forward-thinking spirit. At the frontier of the sharing economy, Airbnb is breaking new ground in matters of policy, law, and government relations. Where some see obstacles, we see the opportunity to find creative, practical solutions, right at the cutting edge. Our adventurous, fast-moving legal team is committed to building a team of talented, collaborative and self-motivated legal professionals across the globe who believe in Airbnb’s mission and leading as a 21st century company.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; color: #000000;">Airbnb’s Legal Department is a global team that will require working with diverse international colleagues around the world. The successful candidate will be someone who is adaptable, collaborative and embodies Airbnb’s Core Values. Candidates will be required to approach complex legal issues with a balance for local and global perspectives, while being adaptable to cultural differences and nuances. A genuine and demonstrated interest in Airbnb and a commitment to ethics, integrity and fostering a workplace that emphasizes diversity and belonging is a must.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; color: #000000;"><strong>The Difference You Will Make:</strong></span></p>
<p>We are in search of an Associate Legal Counsel for Japan. This role reports to the Associate General Counsel - Northeast Asia and serves as a legal partner to many other teams outside Legal. Collaboration will be a key attribute, as this role will work very closely with the other members of the legal team, both regionally and globally. This role needs to be based in <strong>Tokyo, Japan</strong>.</p>
<p><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; color: #000000;"><strong>A Typical Day: </strong></span></p>
<ul>
<li>Act as an effective and trusted partner to the fast-paced and high-performing Airbnb team.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Deliver clear, effective and practical legal advice to the various business functions. These include business development, public policy, marketing and communications.&nbsp;&nbsp;</li>
<li>Legal advice includes regulatory matters, consumer protection, competition, marketing, employment, privacy, dispute resolution, and law enforcement.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Be adept in making sensible legal risk assessments which consider practical solutions to mitigate legal risk whilst keeping business priorities at the forefront.</li>
</ul>
<p><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; color: #000000;"><strong>Your Expertise:</strong></span></p>
<ul>
<li>Qualification in Japan (as bengoshi) is a must.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Native-level command of Japanese (written and spoken) is a must.</li>
<li>Business-level English (written and spoken) is essential. High scores in standardized tests (TOEIC/TOEFL) is a plus.</li>
<li>Minimum 2-5 years post-qualification experience - In-house (including secondment from a law firm) in an MNC and/or start-up is a plus.</li>
<li>Consistently delivers creative, thoughtful and business-oriented results that appropriately balance growth and risk.</li>
<li>Tech-forward mindset with a proactive willingness to leverage AI tools to optimize legal productivity.</li>
<li>Team player, highly collaborative with excellent communication and listening skills.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Proactive owner who takes initiative while navigating competing priorities in a fast-paced environment.</li>
<li>Empathetic, caring and humble.</li>
<li>Occasional international travel (typically once a year for a few days) may be required, with full consideration for individual circumstances and family commitments.</li>
</ul>
<p><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; color: #000000;"><strong>Our Commitment To Inclusion &amp; Belonging:</strong></span></p>
<p><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; color: #000000;">Airbnb is committed to working with the broadest talent pool possible. We believe diverse ideas foster innovation and engagement, and allow us to attract creatively-led people, and to develop the best products, services and solutions. All qualified individuals are encouraged to apply.</span></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>