<div class="content-intro"><p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Every day, tens of millions of people come to Roblox to explore, create, play, learn, and connect with friends in 3D immersive digital experiences– all created by our global community of developers and creators.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">At Roblox, we’re building the tools and platform that empower our community to bring any experience that they can imagine to life. Our vision is to reimagine the way people come together, from anywhere in the world, and on any device.</span><strong> </strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re on a mission to connect a billion people with optimism and civility, and looking for amazing talent to help us get there.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">A career at Roblox means you’ll be working to shape the future of human interaction, solving unique technical challenges at scale, and helping to create safer, more civil shared experiences for everyone.</span></p></div><p>The Developer Relations team at Roblox is looking for new team members for our ever-growing International Developer Engagement Team. We're looking for someone who is passionate about Roblox and growing the local creator community in Germany.</p>
<p><strong>You Will:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Develop an understanding of Roblox moderation rules and guidelines</li>
<li>Identify and engage with potential partners within the developer community to build and maintain a strong partnership pipeline</li>
<li>Plan and execute online and offline community events, workshops, and initiatives that inspire and connect developers across regions.</li>
<li>Manage programs from initial concept through successful completion, setting clear goals, tracking milestones, and measuring outcomes.</li>
<li>Support translation and localization efforts to ensure programs, communications, and resources are accessible and culturally relevant to global audiences.</li>
<li>Follow established team processes while identifying opportunities to refine and improve workflows.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>You Have:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Great understanding of Roblox and the Roblox community</li>
<li>Good standing regarding Roblox moderation history</li>
<li>Excellent speaking and writing skills in both English and German</li>
<li>Excellent communication and relationship-building abilities, both online and offline</li>
<li>A proactive and adaptable mindset with a passion for supporting and growing a global developer ecosystem.</li>
<li>Ability to work cross-functionally and manage multiple priorities in a fast-paced environment with a team-first mentality</li>
<li>Believe that helping the community is crucial to the success of the company</li>
<li>A desire to help empower and encourage our developer community</li>
<li>Knowledge and understanding of community processes, methodologies and best practices</li>
<li>Experience with gaming communities, game jams, or virtual/hybrid event planning is a plus</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>You Are:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Fluent in both English and German</li>
<li>Physically located in European Union</li>
<li>Early career / recent grad (preferred)</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p>Roles that are based in an office are onsite Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thursday, with optional presence on Monday and Friday (unless otherwise noted).</p>
<p>Roblox provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any type without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws. Roblox also provides reasonable accommodations to candidates with qualifying disabilities or religious beliefs during the recruiting process.</p>
<p>For US based roles only, please note the Company may not be able to employ candidates for this role who have United States work authorization related to certain U.S. visa categories, or support future H-1B sponsorship at this time.</p></div>