<h3>Job Overview:</h3>
<p>We are seeking a skilled and detail-oriented U.S. International Tax Manager to join our global tax team. In this role, you will oversee the company’s U.S. international tax planning, compliance, and reporting, ensuring alignment with business objectives while navigating complex tax laws. Working closely with internal and external stakeholders, you will drive the delivery of effective tax strategies and maintain compliance within an ever-evolving international tax landscape.</p>
<p>We are looking to speak to candidates who are based in Gurugram for our hybrid working model.</p>
<h3>Key Responsibilities</h3>
<ul>
<li>Compliance and Reporting: Manage and oversee U.S. international tax compliance, including forms such as Form 5471, Form 8858, and foreign tax credit calculations, ensuring accurate and timely filings.</li>
<li>Tax Planning: Provide technical expertise in the analysis, implementation, and optimization of U.S. international tax strategies, including GILTI, Subpart F, FDII, BEAT, and foreign tax credits.</li>
<li>Global Tax Operations: Support the preparation and review of quarterly and annual tax provisions, specifically focusing on international tax components of ASC 740 reporting.</li>
<li>Tax Research: Conduct detailed research on U.S. international tax laws, treaty benefits, and implications of legislative changes (e.g., OECD BEPS, U.S. Tax Reform), and provide actionable guidance to leadership.</li>
<li>Cross-Functional Collaboration: Partner with finance, legal, accounting, and other teams to advise on tax-efficient strategies for cross-border transactions, acquisitions, and expansions.</li>
<li>Tax Technology: Support process improvement initiatives related to tax automation, efficiency, and the use of tax software tools.</li>
<li>Audit Support: Assist with tax audits and reviews conducted by U.S. or foreign tax authorities, including preparing documentation and managing information requests.</li>
</ul>
<h3>Minimum Qualifications</h3>
<ul>
<li>Bachelor’s Degree in Accounting, Finance, Taxation, or a related field. CPA or CA&nbsp;</li>
<li>5-7 years of relevant experience in U.S. international tax within public accounting, a corporate tax department, or consulting.</li>
<li>Strong technical knowledge of U.S. international tax laws, including GILTI, Subpart F, FDII, BEAT, foreign tax credits, and treaty applications.</li>
<li>Proficiency in ASC 740 (accounting for income taxes), particularly for international tax provisions.</li>
<li>Working experience with U.S. compliance software such as Corptax, OneSource, or similar tools is strongly preferred</li>
<li>Excellent research and analytical skills with the ability to synthesize complex concepts and communicate recommendations.</li>
<li>Proven ability to manage multiple projects simultaneously in a deadline-driven environment.</li>
</ul>
<h3>About MongoDB</h3>
<p>MongoDB is built for change, empowering our customers and our people to innovate at the speed of the market. We have redefined the database for the AI era, enabling innovators to create, transform, and disrupt industries with software. MongoDB’s unified database platform, the most widely available, globally distributed database on the market, helps organizations modernize legacy workloads, embrace innovation, and unleash AI. Our cloud-native platform, MongoDB Atlas, is the only globally distributed, multi-cloud database and is available across AWS, Google Cloud, and Microsoft Azure.</p>
<p>With offices worldwide and over 60,000 customers, including 75% of the Fortune 100 and AI-native startups, relying on MongoDB for their most important applications, we’re powering the next era of software.</p>
<p>Our compass at MongoDB is our <a href="https://www.mongodb.com/company">Leadership Commitment,</a> guiding how and why we make decisions, show up for each other, and win. It’s what makes us MongoDB.&nbsp;</p>
<p>To drive the personal growth and business impact of our employees, we’re committed to developing a supportive and enriching culture for everyone. <a href="https://www.mongodb.com/company/blog/culture/employee-benefits-that-make-a-difference-at-mongodb">From employee affinity groups, to fertility assistance and a generous parental leave policy</a>, we value our employees’ wellbeing and want to support them along every step of their professional and personal journeys.<a href="https://www.mongodb.com/blog/channel/culture"> Learn more about what it’s like to work at MongoDB</a>, and help us make an impact on the world!</p>
<p>MongoDB is committed to providing any necessary accommodations for individuals with disabilities within our application and interview process. To request an accommodation due to a disability, please inform your recruiter.</p>
<p>MongoDB is an equal opportunities employer.</p>
<p><em>Req ID : 1273385022</em></p>