<h4><strong>This is Adyen</strong></h4>
<p>Adyen provides payments, data, and financial products in a single solution for customers like Meta, Uber, H&amp;M, and Microsoft - making us the financial technology platform of choice. At Adyen, everything we do is engineered for ambition.&nbsp;</p>
<p>For our teams, we create an environment with opportunities for our people to succeed, backed by the culture and support to ensure they are enabled to truly own their careers. We are motivated individuals who tackle unique technical challenges at scale and solve them as a team. Together, we deliver innovative and ethical solutions that help businesses achieve their ambitions faster.</p>
<h4><strong>Engineering Manager - Payments Authentication</strong></h4>
<p>Ordering a pizza? Buying a pair of trainers? Watching a movie? Hailing a ride? Chances are Adyen is handling your payment. Adyen’s Payment Authentication team is responsible for an important part of the payments engine of the Adyen platform.&nbsp;</p>
<p>You will join Adyen Uplift, the suite of solutions that maximizes merchant conversion and minimizes fraud/costs across the entire payment journey. This is powered by Adyen’s global transaction dataset and cutting-edge AI automation.</p>
<p>The Payments Authentication team is at the heart of this, building solutions that seamlessly secure digital payment experiences via our Authentication Engine - ensuring security without creating unnecessary friction for shoppers.</p>
<p>We are seeking an experienced Engineering Manager to guide a talented group of engineers, driving critical initiatives and ensuring a secure, high-conversion experience for our merchants.</p>
<h4><strong>What you’ll do</strong></h4>
<ul>
<li>Provide hands-on technical leadership, actively contributing to system architecture, code reviews, and critical design decisions. You will ensure the highest standards of reliability and performance for our high-volume, mission-critical payment systems.</li>
<li>Set strategic direction and drive execution for the team's engineering roadmap in close collaboration with the Product Manager, ensuring clear priorities and alignment across internal and external stakeholders.</li>
<li>Mentor, coach, and grow a diverse and talented team of engineers, with a focus on engineering best practices, scalable architecture design, and professional development.</li>
<li>Streamline and refine the team’s engineering operations, including defining, implementing, and monitoring performance KPIs to identify and act on opportunities for system improvement.</li>
<li>Work closely with Product Managers, Data Engineers, and other key stakeholders across the organization to design and implement new services with reliability, data, and infrastructure in mind.</li>
<li>Recruit new team members who embody the Adyen culture and possess the necessary technical skills, fostering an inspiring and collaborative team environment built on autonomy, ownership, and open feedback.</li>
</ul>
<h4><strong>Who you are</strong></h4>
<ul>
<li>A self-starter with proven experience creating and maintaining alignment across multiple technical teams.</li>
<li>Proven experience building and maintaining high-availability, mission-critical applications where stability, latency, and security are paramount. Proficient with SLOs, performance KPIs and incident management processes.</li>
<li>Experienced in coaching and mentoring engineering talent and leading complex technical projects in a fast-paced environment.</li>
<li>Experienced in collaborating with senior leadership to define strategic engineering direction and product roadmaps.</li>
<li>An excellent communicator and team player with strong technical aptitude, capable of clearly articulating complex technical concepts to non-engineers.</li>
<li>You have core experience with: Core Java, Distributed systems, Web services, REST APIs, and modern data persistence (e.g., SQL/PostgreSQL, Cockroach).</li>
<li>Familiarity or experience with emerging software engineering practices, including AI-assisted development tools.</li>
</ul>
<h4><strong>Minimum Qualifications:</strong></h4>
<ul>
<li>2+ years experience managing and leading engineering teams within a Java environment.</li>
<li>7+ years of experience in the software development industry, preferably within a fast-paced technology environment.</li>
<li>Full professional proficiency in English.</li>
</ul>
<h4><strong>Our Diversity, Equity and Inclusion commitments</strong></h4>
<p>Our unique approach is a product of our diverse perspectives. This diversity of backgrounds and cultures is essential in helping us maintain our momentum. Our business and technical challenges are unique, and we need as many different voices as possible to join us in solving them - voices like yours. No matter who you are or where you’re from, we welcome you to be your true self at Adyen.</p>
<p>Studies show that women and members of underrepresented communities apply for jobs only if they meet 100% of the qualifications. Does this sound like you? If so, Adyen encourages you to reconsider and apply. We look forward to your application.</p>
<h4><strong>What’s next?</strong></h4>
<p>Ensuring a smooth and enjoyable candidate experience is critical for us. We aim to get back to you regarding your application within 5 business days. Our interview process tends to take about 4 weeks to complete, but may fluctuate depending on the role. Learn more about our hiring process here. Don’t be afraid to let us know if you need more flexibility.</p>
<p>Please note that this role is a full-time position in Amsterdam. It will require a relocation in case you live outside of the Netherlands.</p>