<p><strong>Location: </strong>Austria, Germany, Spain<br><strong>Tech Stack: </strong>TypeScript, Node.js, Jest, React, SASS/SCSS <br><strong>Team Size:</strong> 10 Engineers<strong><br></strong></p>
<p><span style="color: rgb(53, 152, 219);"><strong>Bitmovin </strong></span>is a global Series-C SaaS scale-up that provides award-winning video streaming technology to world-renowned brands and managed service providers. Our solution suite consists of Live and VOD Encoding, a Multi-Platform Player, and Analytics platform; enabling content owners to redefine the viewer experience through API-based workflow optimization, fast turnaround, and scalability.&nbsp;</p>
<p>We have seen great success and created great momentum in the market. This is down to our products, ecosystem, but ultimately our people who love video streaming.</p>
<p><em>“We are constantly seeking out forward thinking individuals who want to shape the future of video… come and work with us!”</em></p>
<p>Stefan Lederer, CEO</p>
<p>At <span style="color: rgb(53, 152, 219);"><strong>Bitmovin </strong></span>we value cognitive diversity and the huge part this plays in not only creating a global culture second to none, but in how this underpins our ability to create truly representative, Emmy award winning products. Diversity in all its forms is encouraged and celebrated at Bitmovin; everyone has a role to play in helping us shape the future of video.</p>
<h3><strong>&nbsp;</strong></h3>
<h3><strong>Why will your impact matter?&nbsp;</strong></h3>
<p>At <span style="color: rgb(53, 152, 219);"><strong>Bitmovin </strong></span>, we’re redefining how the world streams video. Our Emmy award-winning technology powers video for household names like Red Bull Media House, RTL, and Technicolor — and we’re just getting started.</p>
<p>As a Software Engineer, you’ll shape the core of our Player, StreamLab and Dashboard — the products millions of viewers interact with daily. This is a role for engineers who thrive on ownership, creativity, and building things that scale fast. If you want your code to impact both developers and end-users worldwide, this is your stage.</p>
<p><strong>&nbsp;</strong></p>
<h3><strong>What you’ll do:</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Build high-quality, reusable, and testable code for products that scale across millions of devices</li>
<li>Build on top of our test automation infrastructure that make sure that every release of our products is robust and bug free&nbsp;</li>
<li>Own features end-to-end: from concept and design through development, testing, and deployment</li>
<li>Enhance existing features while delivering new functionality to delight our customers</li>
<li>Write unit, functional, and performance tests (we ❤️ Jest)</li>
<li>Collaborate with peers through code reviews, pairing, and architectural discussions</li>
<li>Stay ahead of the curve with emerging tech and best practices in JavaScript/TypeScript<br><br></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>What success looks like (6–12 months):</strong>&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>You’ve delivered features and improvements that positively impact both customers and end users</li>
<li>You’ve become a trusted contributor in our engineering team, supporting and mentoring peers when needed</li>
<li>You’ve actively helped us improve the scalability, performance, and maintainability of our Player and Dashboard</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<h3><strong>What can you bring</strong></h3>
<p>Must-Have Experience:</p>
<ul>
<li>Strong experience in modern JavaScript and/or TypeScript development</li>
<li>Hands-on experience with automated testing (unit, integration, or functional tests)</li>
<li>Ability to work independently as well as collaboratively in a team environment</li>
<li>A strong sense of ownership and accountability in delivering product features</li>
<li>Experience with agentic engineering</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>Nice-to-Have:</p>
<ul>
<li>Experience with Player SDKs&nbsp;</li>
<li>Experience with TypeScript at scale</li>
<li>Experience with scalable test automation systems</li>
<li>Familiarity with React and SASS/SCSS for UI development</li>
<li>Experience designing APIs or developing libraries/frameworks</li>
<li>Strong software architecture skills</li>
<li>Experience with Git, GitHub, and Git Flow<br><br></li>
</ul>
<p>You don’t have experience with all the points above? Don’t worry, we will support you with learning, training, and coaching on the job.</p>
<p><strong>&nbsp;</strong></p>
<h3><strong>&nbsp;</strong></h3>
<h3><strong>Life at Bitmovin</strong></h3>
<p>Find out more about us on our<a href="https://bitmovin.com/careers/"> Careers Page</a></p>
<p>See what fellow Bitmovers are saying on<a href="https://www.linkedin.com/company/bitmovin/life/7f143265-8cc2-4ae8-93f4-dc88cf00d0d4/?viewAsMember=true"> LinkedIn</a></p>
<p>Check the employee reviews on<a href="https://www.glassdoor.co.uk/Reviews/Bitmovin-Reviews-E1400248.htm"> Glassdoor</a></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>For all of our roles, we are willing to offer flexible working arrangements to support everyone’s unique circumstances.</p>
<p><strong>&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>&nbsp;</strong></p>