## Your Mission

Join MBition, a Mercedes-Benz subsidiary, where we are driving the future of the automotive industry! We are at the forefront of creating innovative software-defined architectures that power state-of-the-art customer functions, including automated driving systems. Our work spans Berlin, Sofia, and Sindelfingen, and we are a proud 100% subsidiary of Mercedes-Benz AG, a company with over 120 years of excellence in moving people, products, and services. <br>With a dynamic and diverse team of over 1000 employees, we are looking for passionate and creative individuals who value quality and teamwork. Whether it’s automated driving, infotainment systems, or mobile apps, we are pushing the boundaries of technology. Now, we want you to be part of our journey!

## Sneak preview of your future tasks

As a working student for Software Update team you will develop test automation solution verifying different scenarios of software update functionality of a vehicle. You will collect test cases and make them run automatically on our cloud connected infrastructure. As part of an agile team, you will be developing automation scripts and pipelines while making sure that complete solution runs reliably with the hardware connected.

## Your Profile

<strong>Education</strong> <ul><li>Currently enrolled as a student in a relevant field (Computer Science/Embedded Systems or comparable field) </li></ul> <br><strong>Skills </strong><ul><li>Good programming skills in C++, Python </li><li>Experience in testing software </li><li>Understanding of CI/CD tooling – Jenkins/GitLab</li></ul> <br><strong>Nice To Have </strong><ul><li>Docker knowledge</li><li>Basic knowledge of Linux systems </li><li>Research in software update technology </li><li>Open source background is a plus </li></ul> <br><strong>Personal Skills </strong><ul><li>Creative and innovative thinking </li><li>Open and outgoing personality </li><li>Flexible and can-do attitude </li><li>Continuous learning attitude </li></ul> <br><strong>Language Skills </strong><ul><li>Proficient in English and  German is plus </li></ul>

## Why us?

<ul><li>An international, interdisciplinary innovation lab, which is part of the Mercedes-Benz AG</li><li>A chance to work in an Infrastructure team supporting a software development company</li><li>An opportunity to lead initiatives and drive changes</li><li>Agile working methods and open feedback culture</li><li>A modern and fully accessible office facing the Spree</li><li>Experienced and international Team always willing to support your growth!</li></ul>

## Interested?

We look forward to receiving your complete application, including CV (in English) and relevant references with the following information:<br><ul><li>CV</li><li> References</li><li>Earliest start date</li></ul>We would like to encourage people with health impairments to apply to our jobs! Our building and workplaces offer the possibilities to adjust to different employee requirements.