<p data-renderer-start-pos="1475" data-local-id="f28bff94-2a2c-475c-b041-8f92a3552953">Our mission at Duolingo is to develop the best education in the world and make it universally available. It’s a big mission, and even though we've made a lot of headway, we still have work to do — and that’s where you come in!</p>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="1703" data-local-id="e7057569-8b3c-4957-88c9-96b72c1faa7a">Our Product Managers (PMs) have ownership over product optimizations and features, from independently run experiments to <a class="\_ymio1r31 \_ypr0glyw \_zcxs1o36 \_mizu1v1w \_1ah3dkaa \_ra3xnqa1 \_128mdkaa \_1cvmnqa1 \_4davt94y \_4bfu1r31 \_1hms8stv \_ajmmnqa1 \_vchhusvi \_kqswh2mm \_ect4ttxp \_syaz13af \_1a3b1r31 \_4fpr8stv \_5goinqa1 \_f8pj13af \_9oik1r31 \_1bnxglyw \_jf4cnqa1 \_30l313af \_1nrm1r31 \_c2waglyw \_1iohnqa1 \_9h8h12zz \_10531ra0 \_1ien1ra0 \_n0fx1ra0 \_1vhv17z1" href="https://blog.duolingo.com/tag/product/?utm\_source=greenhouse.com&amp;utm\_medium=referral&amp;utm\_campaign=pmblog\_gh\_091224" data-renderer-mark="true"><u data-renderer-mark="true">major product decisions</u></a>. Backed by strong analytical skills and business acumen, and inspired by access to senior leadership and transparency into how they make product decisions, our PMs develop insights that lead to new product ideas and Duolingo’s next beloved feature.&nbsp;</p>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="2099" data-local-id="e3e4853c-d7fc-4da7-aa46-74df26bf5759">Join our life-changing mission to develop education for our half a billion (and growing!) learners around the world.</p>
<hr>
<p style="text-align: left;"><strong>About the role...</strong></p>
<p>We are looking for a music enthusiast who can marry their deep understanding of music theory and instruments with their passion for leveraging technology to build meaningful musical learning experiences. You will join our Music team to help us deliver the best education in the world through evidence-based practices. Join Duolingo to feel empowered as an educator, impacting millions of learners.<br><br></p>
<p><strong>🧠&nbsp; You will...</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Drive product features through their entire creative cycle: ideation, specification, development, release, analysis, and iteration</li>
<li>Establish the product vision and strategy for your product area and build alignment across product teams, cross-functional partners, and leadership teams</li>
<li>Perform qualitative and quantitative research to explore and validate feature ideas</li>
<li>Partner with product designers to ensure a fun and delightful user experience in our product</li>
<li>Work with engineers to help guide feature development</li>
<li>Perform experiment analysis on features and find opportunities for optimization</li>
<li>Define your key performance indicator(s) that drive company goals, and achieve them!<br><br></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>✅&nbsp; You have...</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Passion for music that drives innovative thinking</li>
<li>A desire to make the world a better place through technology and education</li>
<li>Ability to apply user insights, data, and statistical analyses to inform decisions</li>
<li>An instinct for creating simple and intuitive user experiences</li>
<li>Demonstrated ability to be resourceful, curious, and innovative</li>
<li>Experience leading projects and teams</li>
<li>Proven track record in product management.</li>
<li>Bachelor’s Degree in Engineering, Business, Design, Psychology, or equivalent<br><br></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>⭐&nbsp; Exceptional candidates will have...</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Advanced degree in Business, Computer Science, Design, Psychology, or equivalent</li>
<li>Extensive experience in fast-growing, consumer-facing apps that have strong IAP and/or subscription growth.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p class="Z7ph2">Take a peek at how we care for our employees' holistic well-being with our benefits<a class="Z7ph2" href="https://careers.duolingo.com/#benefits">&nbsp;here</a>.</p>
<p class="Z7ph2">We will do everything we can within reason to make sure that your interview takes place in an environment that fairly and accurately assesses your skills. If you need assistance or accommodation, please contact&nbsp;<a class="Z7ph2" href="mailto:accommodations@duolingo.com" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="mailto:accommodations@duolingo.com" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">accommodations@duolingo.com</a>.</p>
<p class="Z7ph2">Duolingo is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, gender (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics.</p>
<p class="Z7ph2">By applying for this position your data will be processed as per the<a class="Z7ph2" href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vTX9GKeRMOMA9Vtm0vfGibrYPYz8ysl0Dg8KSXgj\_PxeT5ChsdnNZZWtpxu4t7xillTPGnngnKCjIbV/pub">&nbsp;Duolingo Applicant Privacy Notice</a>.</p>
<p class="Z7ph2">Unfortunately, there is a rise in scammers pretending to be real Duolingo employees. Duolingo and our employees will never ask for your Social Security number, bank details, or passport info, and we’ll never ask you to deposit a check, purchase equipment, or exchange money during the interview process. Real Duolingo employees always use an email that ends in&nbsp;<strong>@duolingo.com</strong>&nbsp;or&nbsp;<strong>@recruiting.duolingo.com</strong>. Stay alert and double-check these details before sharing any information.</p>
<p class="Z7ph2">Sign up for job alerts&nbsp;<a href="http://my.greenhouse.io/users/sign\_in?job\_board=duolingo">here</a>.</p></div>