<div class="content-intro"><p>LogicGate® is the leading AI GRC platform for the Enterprise, helping governance, risk, and compliance teams limit surprises, strengthen resilience, augment program performance, and confidently quantify impact and business value. Built to provide a centralized view of risk and compliance, with AI intelligence woven into the platform's core, LogicGate delivers real-time insights and actionable data to help drive current business decisions, with the flexibility to scale alongside evolving business needs. Recognized as a Leader in the GRC Market, LogicGate continues to further solidify its position as a best-in-class platform.</p>
<p>At LogicGate, our people are the foundation of everything we do. We are committed to delivering an exceptional experience for our employees and our customers by empowering and enabling our people to take ownership, make an impact, and deliver their best work.</p></div><p><strong>About the role&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p><strong>(Remote but Chicago or Seattle preferred)</strong></p>
<p>As LogicGate’s Head of Product Marketing, you will lead a team of product marketing professionals and play a key role in LogicGate’s growth and industry leadership. If you’re passionate about understanding buyers and telling interesting, compelling, and relevant product stories, we’d love to talk with you!</p>
<p>You’ll report to our CMO and represent the voice of our customers and the market, drive adoption of our offerings through product launches and go to market strategy development, and partner with our sales, alliances, and customer teams to drive customer growth and retention. To thrive in this role, you’ll need to become an expert in our industry landscape, and be effective at building go to market strategies–translating product features and benefits into materials that move our sales, customers, and LogicGate brand forward.</p>
<p>You and your team will help create go to market strategies to drive interest and preference for our platform; deliver high-value content that attracts, engages, and educates prospects, customers, and industry leaders, as well as high-impact materials and insights to help internal teams understand and properly position LogicGate and our offerings in the market.</p>
<p><strong>How you’ll spend your time:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Team leadership - Build and manage a high-performing product marketing team providing guidance, coaching, and mentorship.&nbsp; Set clear goals that map to the organization's and marketing’s priorities and objectives and manage the team to accomplish them.</li>
<li>Product strategy &amp; planning - collaborate with product management to shape product roadmaps, prioritize feature and launch planning.</li>
<li>Messaging &amp; positioning - conduct market research to identify customer needs and develop value propositions and messaging frameworks that differentiate LGs products.&nbsp; Own the development of product-specific marketing materials, including whitepapers, case studies, webinars, data sheets, product briefs, blogs, battle cards, etc.</li>
<li>Product Development Lifecycle - Create and execute the go to market plans for new product and feature launches, including gated phases for testing, pricing, positioning, and enablement.</li>
<li>Team enablement - Develop sales tools/training materials and empower our enablement teams to deliver product training to all relevant teams.</li>
<li>Marketing campaigns - Collaborate with the marketing team to develop messaging, campaign strategies, and target audience helping them execute more impactful campaigns.</li>
<li>Technology/integrations - Develop the messaging and content for integration partners.<br><br></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>We get excited about you if you have:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>10+ years of experience in product marketing or product management in a B2B SaaS environment, preferably in the GRC, Cybersecurity, Compliance, RegTech or related industries</li>
<li>Excellent communication skills - both written and verbal. We’ll ask to see samples of your writing as part of the interview process</li>
<li>The ability to coordinate complex projects, such as product launches and go to market planning</li>
<li>Experience leading a team or have done a lot of “leadership by influence”</li>
<li>You’re a natural storyteller and understand the interplay of words and visuals to simplify and articulate complex concepts</li>
<li>A passion for working with sales teams, product teams, and other marketers</li>
<li>Bonus points - you understand the needs of our buyers, especially information security, risk management, and compliance professionals</li>
</ul>
<p>The anticipated on-target earnings range for the role is&nbsp;<strong>$188,000 - $235,000 </strong>per year + equity + benefits. Actual salaries may vary and will be based on factors, such as the candidate's qualifications, skills, competencies, and proficiency for the role.</p>
<p><strong>LogicGate’s Hybrid Workplace</strong></p>
<p>Our hybrid workplace allows for flexibility aligned to role responsibilities and exceptional customer delivery. Location requirements for this role can be found above.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Total Rewards&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>We are proud to offer a variety of competitive, inclusive, and comprehensive total rewards that are designed to support the unique needs of our employees both inside and outside of the workplace.</p>
<p>In addition to offering competitive salary and variable compensation plans, equity options, and flexible health and wellness benefits, we are proud to offer generous PTO, Annual Company Holidays, Health Days, and Summer Fridays.</p>
<p>Employees' growth and development are supported throughout their career journey through informal and formal programs and activities, including access to LinkedIn Learning, regular People Leader training, and our internal Mentorship Program.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Our Culture</strong></p>
<p>At LogicGate, our culture and employee experience are grounded in our core values of Be as One, Do the Right Thing, Embrace Curiosity, Own It, Empower Customers, and Raise the Bar, which guide how we show up - for each other, our customers, and all we interact with.</p>
<p>We believe that the strongest teams are made up of individuals who bring their different identities, experiences, and perspectives to the table. We are committed to fostering an inclusive work environment where all employees’ differences are celebrated and everyone is encouraged to bring their authentic selves to work.</p>
<p>We encourage everyone to join one of our Employee Resource Groups (AAPI @ LogicGate, Pride at LogicGate, and Women in LogicGate) to participate in and contribute to conversations that foster an inclusive culture.</p>
<p>LogicGate also believes strongly in giving back to the communities in which we live and work. To enable our teams to give back, we offer paid volunteer hours and company-wide charitable activities supporting a variety of organizations and causes.</p>
<p>We are proud to have been recognized as a top workplace by Built In, Crain’s Chicago Business, the Chicago Tribune, and more. Visit <a href="https://www.logicgate.com/about-us/news-at-logicgate/#filter=">our website</a> to learn about our latest recognition. <br><br></p>
<p>Learn more about our culture <a href="https://builtin.com/company/logicgate/office-culture">here</a>.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Excited about LogicGate but not familiar with GRC?&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>GRC stands for Governance, Risk, and Compliance</li>
<li>GRC professionals help their companies manage uncertainty, act with integrity, and stay on the right side of the law.&nbsp;</li>
<li>The GRC market is rapidly expanding with continuous growth opportunities. The current market size was valued at $50.5 billion in 2024 and is projected to reach $104.5 billion by 2031.</li>
</ul>