Superside is looking for Project Managers to strengthen our team.

You will craft and execute creative strategies and assets for some of the world’s most forward-thinking companies. All of this while working in a global remote community focused on shaping the future of creative work.

In this role, you’ll take ownership of key accounts from day one, navigate a steep learning curve, and embark on an exciting journey that embraces innovation and AI for creativity.

## What You'll Do

* Own project planning and timelines (including internal and client-facing milestones)
* Creates budgets, dependencies, and define resourcing needs
* Track progress, risks, and delivery health
* Operationalize approved briefs into execution plans
* Lead day-to-day execution across teams
* Drive timelines, progress, and momentum
* QA (in partnership with CLs for creative and brand quality)
* Identify and mitigate delivery risks early
* Ensure work is delivered on time, on scope, and within budget
* Reduce errors through strong planning and process discipline

## What You'll Need To Succeed

- 3+ years of experience as a Project/Account/Campaign manager or Creative producer within a brand or advertising function
- Proven experience in managing multiple accounts simultaneously
- Excellent understanding of creative communication and how creative content can drive business outcomes
- Understanding of creative craft with a solid ability to scope, budget, and manage strict timelines and milestones
- Experience with project management & collaboration software (e.g., Slack, Notion, Asana, Trello).
- High-level understanding of Digital Advertising, Social Media platforms, Branding and Communications
- Familiarity with the Adobe Suite (Ps, Ai, Ae, Id) and Figma
- Interest in AI and some knowledge of the leading creative AI tools (especially Midjourney and ChatGPT)
- An organized, customer-centric, and detail-oriented approach with an account management mindset
- Excellent verbal and written English skills with the ability to present ideas and coordinate work in large international groups
- Autonomy, decisiveness, and accountability

**Working Hours**

Transparently, our PMs work a lot - above 50 hours per week, sometimes including weekends - to deliver awesome creative and bring the future of Superside to life.

**Why Join us?**

Superside's vision is to create equal opportunities globally by accelerating the world’s transition to online work. With that in mind, we're building a fully remote company that attracts people where they are.

**Remote-first. Customer-led.**

Remote isn’t just a perk; it’s how we deliver better for customers. We are fully committing to our customers by hiring top talent and collaborating seamlessly across time zones.

**Global team, local impact.**

Join a community of 60+ nationalities working across time zones, cultures, and disciplines, all aligned on doing great work for great brands.

**High performance, low ego.**

Work in a fast-paced, high-trust environment where feedback is direct, growth is constant, and kindness leads collaboration.

**Impact meets opportunity.**

We’re in the sweet spot — big enough to be stable, small enough for you to shape what’s next. Your ideas will matter here.

**Grow fast. Lead well.**

You’ll gain mentorship, take on real responsibility, and grow your career while helping us disrupt a global industry.

**About Superside**

Superside is the leading AI-powered creative company that quickly and cost-effectively enhances in-house functions. We help over 500 ambitious brands get great creative concepts done at scale. Built to be an extension

of in-house teams, we unbottleneck marketing and creative teams so they can move faster and drive more reliable creative performance.

Superside is a fully remote company with over 700 team members working across 60+ countries and 13 timezones.

Learn more at [superside.com](http://superside.com)

**Diversity, Equity and Inclusion**

We’re an equal-opportunity company. All applicants will be considered regardless of ethnicity, appearance, religion, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, veteran or disability status.