<div class="content-intro"><h2><strong>Who Are We?</strong></h2>
<p>Postman is the world’s leading API platform, used by more than 45 million+ developers and 500,000 organizations, including 98% of the Fortune 500. Postman is helping developers and professionals across the globe build the API-first world by simplifying each step of the API lifecycle and streamlining collaboration—enabling users to create better APIs, faster.</p>
<p>The company is headquartered in San Francisco and has offices in Boston, New York, Austin, Tokyo, London, and Bangalore - where Postman was founded. Postman is privately held, with funding from Battery Ventures, BOND, Coatue, CRV, Insight Partners, and Nexus Venture Partners. Learn more at postman.com or connect with Postman on X via @getpostman.</p>
<p>P.S: We highly recommend reading <a href="https://api-first-world.com/">The "API-First World" graphic novel</a> to understand the bigger picture and our vision at Postman.</p></div><div id="content" class="highlighter-context page view" data-inline-comments-target="true" data-testid="page-content-only">
<div class="\_1bsb1osq \_19pkidpf \_2hwx1wug \_otyridpf \_18u01wug">
<div id="main-content" class="wiki-content css-b8wh5k e5xcnr80" data-testid="pageContentRendererTestId" data-test-appearance="full-page">
<div class="renderer-overrides">
<div class="ak-renderer-wrapper is-full-page cc-2c6ch1">
<div class="cc-3cai2x">
<div class="ak-renderer-document">
<h2><strong>The Opportunity</strong></h2>
<p>Product Trust is a team at Postman to ensure Postman is a safe and trusted platform for our customers. This team is responsible for building security solutions within the Postman ecosystem – from deciding what the product should look like to actually building and delivering it. Product Trust serves as the conduit between customer-facing teams and the engineering team, to independently deliver solutions to address the security, compliance and governance needs of our customers.</p>
<h2><strong>What You'll Do</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Contribute to the development of products while working with a cross-functional team of other Developers, Product Managers, Designers, Support and Product, Quality, Security and Platform Engineers.</li>
<li>Build and maintain scalable, high-performance frontend systems for enterprise-grade.</li>
<li>Define and evolve frontend architecture, patterns, and best practices for complex applications. Encouraging others around you to build a quality product that is secure by design.</li>
<li>Quickly build functional prototypes to solve internal and external use-cases.</li>
<li>Contribute to the planning and development of major user-facing features.</li>
<li>Perform code reviews.</li>
<li>Own and execute end-to-end initiatives.</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>About You</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>3-5 years of experience developing complex, distributed software applications at large-scale</li>
<li>Have strong experience building production-grade UIs using React, TypeScript, and modern JavaScript</li>
<li>You have experience working on API platforms and developer tools is a big plus.</li>
<li>Strong fundamentals in operating systems, networking, and software design</li>
<li>You enjoy learning and sharing knowledge within and across teams.</li>
<li>Enjoy owning problems end to end and influencing product direction through technical work</li>
<li>You have a product-oriented mindset and empathy for the users.<strong>&nbsp;</strong></li>
<li>Experience and Excitement towards working with global, distributed teams.</li>
<li>Alignment with our<a href="https://www.postman.com/careers/"> Values</a>.</li>
<li>An innate curiosity about how things work.</li>
</ul>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div id="comment-container" class="css-1i75dok e3p9ckn0" data-testid="comment-container"></div>
</div>
</div><div class="content-conclusion"><h2 data-renderer-start-pos="4036"><strong data-renderer-mark="true">What Else?</strong></h2>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="4048">In addition to Postman's pay-on-performance philosophy, and a flexible schedule working with a fun, collaborative team, Postman offers a comprehensive set of benefits, including full medical coverage, flexible PTO, wellness reimbursement, and a monthly lunch stipend. Along with that, our wellness programs will help you stay in the best of your physical and mental health. Our frequent and fascinating team-building events will keep you connected, while our donation-matching program can support the causes you care about. We’re building a long-term company with an inclusive culture where everyone can be the best version of themselves.&nbsp;</p>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="4048">At Postman we value in person collaboration. We are in office 5 days a week for all roles based out of our hubs in San Francisco Bay Area, Boston, Austin, Tokyo and London. For roles based in Bangalore, employees currently work in the office three days a week and will transition to five days per week by the end of the year. We were thoughtful in our approach which is based on collaboration and grounded in feedback from our workforce, leadership team, and peers. The benefits of our in office model will be shared knowledge, brainstorming sessions, communication, and building trust in-person that cannot be replicated via zoom.</p>
<h2 data-renderer-start-pos="3620"><strong data-renderer-mark="true">Our Values</strong></h2>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="3633">At Postman, we create with the same curiosity that we see in our users. We value transparency and honest communication about not only successes, but also failures. In our work, we focus on specific goals that add up to a larger vision. Our inclusive work culture ensures that everyone is valued equally as important pieces of our final product. We are dedicated to delivering the best products we can.</p>
<h2><strong>Equal opportunity</strong></h2>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="4048">Postman is an Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender perception or identity, national origin, age, marital status, protected veteran status, or disability status. Headhunters and recruitment agencies may not submit resumes/CVs through this website or directly to managers. Postman does not accept unsolicited headhunter and agency resumes. Postman will not pay fees to any third-party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with Postman.</p></div>