<div class="content-intro"><p>LogicGate® is the leading AI GRC platform for the Enterprise, helping governance, risk, and compliance teams limit surprises, strengthen resilience, augment program performance, and confidently quantify impact and business value. Built to provide a centralized view of risk and compliance, with AI intelligence woven into the platform's core, LogicGate delivers real-time insights and actionable data to help drive current business decisions, with the flexibility to scale alongside evolving business needs. Recognized as a Leader in the GRC Market, LogicGate continues to further solidify its position as a best-in-class platform.</p>
<p>At LogicGate, our people are the foundation of everything we do. We are committed to delivering an exceptional experience for our employees and our customers by empowering and enabling our people to take ownership, make an impact, and deliver their best work.</p></div><p><strong>About the role</strong></p>
<p>The Vice President, Channel and Strategic Alliances will work cross-functionally to build and execute the Channel and Alliances strategy, as well as develop programs to drive partner-led and co-sell growth. The role requires an experienced Channel and Alliances leader, who can lead a team and individually contribute to developing our partner and alliances network, identify opportunities, execute marketing strategies, and drive revenue goals. You and your team will be responsible for growing partnerships with large, global consulting companies, channel partners, and technology partners. You will report into the Chief Revenue Officer and work closely with Logicgate’s Sales, Marketing, Engineering, Finance, and Customer Success teams to execute partnership agreements and deliverables that are typically highly complex, strategic and cross-functional in nature.&nbsp;</p>
<p>The ideal candidate is a builder, who can create and execute upon their vision, execute with urgency, and is a results-oriented leader.</p>
<p><strong>How you’ll spend your time:</strong>&nbsp;&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>Establish a vision, goals, and measurable outcomes for the Alliances team and work with your team to execute</li>
<li>Identify, evaluate, and prioritize potential strategic partners aligned with our business objectives and market strategy.</li>
<li>Identify opportunities for accelerating sales growth through a variety of initiatives and partnerships with leading partners across the U.S.</li>
<li>Build and execute channel programs, such as opportunity registration and marketing development funds.</li>
<li>Develop and nurture relationships with key stakeholders at partner organizations, including executives, product managers, and technical teams.</li>
<li>Collaborate with cross-functional teams, including product management, engineering, sales, and marketing, to define partnership goals and objectives.</li>
<li>Negotiate partnership agreements, including terms, pricing, and licensing models, ensuring alignment with company goals and policies.</li>
<li>Monitor and track partnership performance and metrics monthly, quarterly, and annually, and provide regular reports and insights to senior leadership.</li>
<li>Support initiatives to promote joint marketing activities, co-selling opportunities, and customer success initiatives with partners.</li>
<li>Managing a team in the U.S. to achieve the company’s goals and objectives</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>We get excited about you if you have:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Proven experience 10+ years in technology alliances, business development, or strategic partnerships, preferably in GRC or related InfoSec industry</li>
<li>Experience with our strategic partners, including large, global consulting firms</li>
<li>Excellent communication, negotiation, and relationship-building skills, with the ability to interact effectively with cross-functional teams</li>
<li>Strategic thinker with a results-oriented mindset, capable of driving initiatives from ideation to execution.</li>
<li>Analytical mindset with the ability to interpret data, identify trends, and make data-driven decisions.</li>
<li>Ability to build and thrive in a fast-paced, dynamic environment and manage multiple priorities effectively.</li>
</ul>
<p>The compensation package consists of a base salary + variable + equity + benefits. Actual salaries may vary and will be based on factors, such as the candidate's qualifications, skills, competencies, and proficiency for the role. Internal candidates who have current pay within or above the hiring range are still encouraged to apply if interested.</p>
<p><strong>Hybrid Workplace</strong></p>
<p>Our hybrid workplace allows for flexibility aligned to role responsibilities and exceptional customer delivery. Location requirements for this role can be found above.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Total Rewards&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>We are proud to offer a variety of competitive, inclusive, and comprehensive total rewards that are designed to support the unique needs of our employees both inside and outside of the workplace.</p>
<p>In addition to offering competitive salary and variable compensation plans, equity options, and flexible health and wellness benefits, we are proud to offer generous PTO, Annual Company Holidays, Health Days, and Summer Fridays.</p>
<p>Employees' growth and development are supported throughout their career journey through informal and formal programs and activities, including access to LinkedIn Learning, regular People Leader training, and our internal Mentorship Program.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Our Culture</strong></p>
<p>At LogicGate, our culture and employee experience are grounded in our core values of Be as One, Do the Right Thing, Embrace Curiosity, Own It, Empower Customers, and Raise the Bar, which guide how we show up - for each other, our customers, and all we interact with.</p>
<p>We believe that the strongest teams are made up of individuals who bring their different identities, experiences, and perspectives to the table. We are committed to fostering an inclusive work environment where all employees’ differences are celebrated and everyone is encouraged to bring their authentic selves to work.</p>
<p>We encourage everyone to join one of our Employee Resource Groups (AAPI @ LogicGate, Pride at LogicGate, and Women in LogicGate) to participate in and contribute to conversations that foster an inclusive culture.</p>
<p>LogicGate also believes strongly in giving back to the communities in which we live and work. To enable our teams to give back, we offer paid volunteer hours and company-wide charitable activities supporting a variety of organizations and causes.</p>
<p>We are proud to have been recognized as a top workplace by Built In, Crain’s Chicago Business, the Chicago Tribune, and more. Visit <a href="https://www.logicgate.com/about-us/news-at-logicgate/#filter=">our website</a> to learn about our latest recognition. <br><br></p>
<p>Learn more about our culture <a href="https://builtin.com/company/logicgate/office-culture">here</a>.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Excited about LogicGate but not familiar with GRC?&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>GRC stands for Governance, Risk, and Compliance</li>
<li>GRC professionals help their companies manage uncertainty, act with integrity, and stay on the right side of the law.&nbsp;</li>
<li>The GRC market is rapidly expanding with continuous growth opportunities. The current market size was valued at $50.5 billion in 2024 and is projected to reach $104.5 billion by 2031.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>