<p>
  <strong>Headquarters:</strong> Nice, Provence-Alpes-Côte d&#39;Azur, FR
</p>

<h2>Détail du poste</h2><p>Job Title<br><br>Senior SRE / DEVOPS<br>Business environment<br><br>API management (AMI) organization fosters the development &amp; operations, promotion and efficient consumption of Amadeus Services exposed to internal and external entities. The AMI organization allows Amadeus to participate to the advent of the digital transformation by enabling &amp; boosting Amadeus Digital Channels.<br><br>Inside AMI organization, our teamworks on all the products delivered by AWS and mainly on the Developers Portal that is the platform to expose and consume Amadeus APIs.<br><br>Your Main Responsabilities<br><br>AsaDevOPS / SRE, the mission consists in contributing to the evolution of the Amadeus API Management portal to make IT the new business enabler, and the foundation of an even more ambitious global platform at company level.<br><br>Common accountabilities :<br>- Has working experience and advanced and specialized technical/functional knowledge in own discipline. Understands how own area contributes to the business. Acts as a reference for colleagues with less experience and supports junior team members.<br>- Influences decisions related to own activity, anticipating dependencies and consequences in complex scenarios, contributes to transversal projects, proposes improvements to processes and is accountable for own and team commitments.<br>- Works independently within plan dictated by manager, with some guidance on most complex situations.<br><br>Specific accountabilities :<br>- Manage application operations for Amadeus Core Services end to end.<br>- Manage the full application stack (OS, Data Bases and Data Stores, Application, Links, vNW and the corresponding support functions according to the agreed service levels (internal &amp; external)<br>- Service Automation.<br>- Change and Release Management : Manage and execute change, release and test processes and drive automation of these processes<br>- Problem &amp; Incident Management.<br>- Capitalizes on functional and technical knowledge to lead the activity and perform at the highest level.<br>- Contributes to build an healthy and collaborative environment, leading by example<br><br>What we can offer you ?<br>- BE rewarded with a competitiveremuneration, anindividual and company bonus and enjoy many benefits.<br>- Work from anywhere :Flexible teleworking from 1 to 3 days per week. You will also benefit from a home office set-up premium &amp; monthly allowance.<br>- 6 weeks holiday, plus pension contribution and healthcare insurance.<br>- Experience in an environment with unique complexity and a hardly matched criticality among the leading tech companies.<br>- Professional development in a truly international and multisite environment with a great mix of people.<br>- A wide set oftrainings available to broaden your knowledge and enhance your soft skills including onsite and on-line learning hubs packed of technical and soft skills to help to develop any competencies.<br>- Enter a diverse and inclusive workplace.<br>- Enjoy your office life :Coffee hubs to work or relax, quiet zone, flexible desks and agile areas, on site restaurants, tennis, soccer, yoga, dance, on-site sport center and classes and on-site concierge services.<br><br>How do we hire?<br>- Online application :Submit your online application and our Talent Acquisition team will get in touch if your skills match the role.<br>- Phone Interview :We'll get to know each other with a short casual conversation. You'll also have the chance to ask questions.<br>- Online Testing :Depending on the role you applied for, you may have to do some online tests.<br>- Interviews :First, you'll meet one of ourtalent teams. Then you'll have an interview with a member ormembersof the team you're looking to join.<br>- Offer :Our Talent team will make you a job offer and welcome you to your new role with us.<br>- Join our global team :Where you candevelop your skills and build an international career that matters.<br><br>100% of the people we've recruited started by applying. Take a chance !<br><br>Diversity &amp; Inclusion<br><br>Amadeus is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or a related medical condition), ancestry, national origin, age, genetic information, military or veterans status, sexual orientation, gender expression, perception, or identity, marital status, mental or physical disability status, or any other protected federal, state, or local status unrelated to performance of work involved.<br><br>Amadeus endeavors to make  accessible to any and all users. If you would like to contact us regarding the accessibility of our website or need assistance completing the application process for Amadeus France, please contact us at. This contact information is for accommodation requests only and cannot BE used to inquire about the status of applications.</p>

<p><strong>To apply:</strong> <a href="https://weworkremotely.com/remote-jobs/amadeus-senior-sre-devops-h-f">https://weworkremotely.com/remote-jobs/amadeus-senior-sre-devops-h-f</a></p>