<p><strong>This is Adyen</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Adyen provides payments, data, and financial products in a single solution for customers like Meta, Uber, H&amp;M, and Microsoft - making us the financial technology platform of choice. At Adyen, everything we do is engineered for ambition.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">For our teams, we create an environment with opportunities for our people to succeed, backed by the culture and support to ensure they are enabled to truly own their careers. We are motivated individuals who tackle unique technical challenges at scale and solve them as a team. Together, we deliver innovative and ethical solutions that help businesses achieve their ambitions faster.</span></p>
<p><strong>Role</strong></p>
<p>&nbsp;As a<strong> Treasury Partnerships Manager</strong>, you will take strategic ownership of our banking partnerships across one of core regions, either the Americas or EMEA. As a senior expert, you will act as a sparring partner in resolving complex global banking challenges with both commercial and central banks. Adyen Treasury is dedicated to offer a world-class payments experience to our merchants. By building a transparent, high-performing network of banking partners, you directly enable Adyen’s global strategy. The role is a fulltime position, based in Amsterdam.</p>
<p><strong>A typical day</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><strong>Empower &amp; Focus:</strong> Start your day by syncing with the team and team-lead to align on priorities and brainstorm on roadblocks others encounter. You act as a sparring partner who can provide guidance.&nbsp;&nbsp;</li>
<li><strong>Drive Partner Excellence</strong>: Lead a quarterly review with one of our US banking partners, supported by actionable data to suggest a clear set of improvements. Furthermore, you initiate an RFP process and evaluate new partners based on clear, impact-driven metrics.</li>
<li><strong>Align Strategically</strong>: Act as a key contact for internal stakeholders, ensuring our banking setup is perfectly aligned with Adyen’s commercial goals.</li>
<li><strong>Engineer the Future</strong>: Initiate and own projects that optimize our global banking infrastructure and drive long-term cost efficiencies for 2026 and beyond.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Who are you</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><strong>Expert with a Growth Mindset:</strong> You have 5+ years of experience in Treasury, Banking, or Relationship Management, and you are comfortable with the technicalities of bank account terminology. You are a pro-active analyst, not afraid to address issues with banks directly.</li>
<li><strong>Sophisticated Negotiator:</strong> You can lead complex negotiations with nuance, balancing Adyen’s immediate requirements with long-term partnership goals. You feel comfortable with RFI/RFP trajectories, negotiating contracts on credit facilities or payment solutions.&nbsp;</li>
<li><strong>A Proactive Problem Solver:</strong> You thrive in a dynamic, rapidly changing environment and enjoy solving unique challenges as a team. Strong communication and presentation skills are essential for this role. You take ownership easily and prioritize well by making informed decisions.&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Our Diversity, Equity and Inclusion commitments&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Our unique approach is a product of our diverse perspectives. This diversity of backgrounds and cultures is essential in helping us maintain our momentum. Our business and technical challenges are unique, and we need as many different voices as possible to join us in solving them - voices like yours. No matter who you are or where you’re from, we welcome you to be your true self at Adyen.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Studies show that women and members of underrepresented communities apply for jobs only if they meet 100% of the qualifications. Does this sound like you? If so, Adyen encourages you to reconsider and apply. We look forward to your application!</span></p>
<p><strong>What’s next?</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Ensuring a smooth and enjoyable candidate experience is critical for us. We aim to get back to you regarding your application within 5 business days. Our interview process tends to take about 4 weeks to complete, but may fluctuate depending on the role. </span><a href="https://careers.adyen.com/how-we-hire"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Learn more about our hiring process here</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">. Don’t be afraid to let us know if you need more flexibility.</span></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>This role is based out of our Amsterdam office. We are an office-first company and value in-person collaboration; we do not offer remote-only roles.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>