<div class="content-intro"><p>At Algolia, we’re proud to be a pioneer and market leader in AI Search, empowering 17,000+ businesses to deliver blazing-fast, predictive search and browse experiences at internet scale. Every week, we power over 30 billion search requests — four times more than Microsoft Bing, Yahoo, Baidu, Yandex, and DuckDuckGo combined.</p>
<p>In 2021, we raised $150 million in Series D funding, quadrupling our valuation to $2.25 billion. This strong foundation enables us to keep investing in our market-leading platform and serving incredible customers like Under Armour, PetSmart, Stripe, Gymshark, and Walgreens.</p></div><div class="section page-centered">
<h2>The Team</h2>
<p>The Frontend Experiences (FX) team is responsible for inspiring and empowering Algolia users to build the best Algolia powered UI experiences for their needs. We imagine, create and decompose elaborated UI experiences into small blocks ready to be mixed and matched in our users’ apps. We maintain a set of UI libraries such as Autocomplete, which you may have come across while searching the Tailwind or React docs. We also maintain the InstantSearch library platform which unlocks complex and modern Search &amp; Discovery use cases.</p>
<p>We don’t use a single framework, we use them all. Our libraries work on top of Vue.js, React but also plain JavaScript (“Vanilla JS”). We write specs for every feature we release. Our code is in TypeScript, fully open source and tested.&nbsp;</p>
<p>We don’t only do frontend, we also maintain certain backend features that support our experiences, in TypeScript, Go and Python.</p>
<h2>The Opportunity</h2>
<p>We're looking for a Fullstack Engineer to join the Frontend Experiences (FX) team at Algolia. As a member, you will have a direct impact on the look and feel of Algolia powered UIs. You’ll help customers re-imagine the future of how people search and discover information. You will play a pivotal role in architecting our platform, which is the face of Algolia’s Developer Experience.</p>
<p><strong>Your role will consist of:</strong>&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>Architect, design and develop new versions of InstantSearch platform, including our open source libraries and our backend APIs.</li>
<li>Design and implement features that leverage agentic patterns within the Algolia platform and our open-source libraries.</li>
<li>Implement new features, solve issues and analyse user's feedback on our popular open-source projects</li>
<li>Coordinate with our product, design and marketing teams on the release of new projects and websites</li>
<li>Take ownership, research, explore and deliver novel experiences</li>
<li>Teach us what we don't know and how you want to improve the search and discovery experiences</li>
<li>Participate (new features, bug fixes) to other popular open-source projects related to our project needs</li>
<li>Be a technical mentor and help the team grow</li>
<li>Help define engineering best practices and processes</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>You might be a fit if you have:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Demonstrable proficiency with the latest agentic experience design, development patterns, and relevant SDKs.</li>
<li>Deep understanding of building, integrating, and optimizing user interfaces leveraging autonomous agents, LLMs, and AI-driven workflows.</li>
<li>Good knowledge of JavaScript, TypeScript, the Frontend web ecosystem: DOM, frameworks, library crafting, bundlers</li>
<li>You have created at least one reusable module (private or open source)</li>
<li>You have an eye for great user experiences (UX)</li>
<li>You like to help, teach and mentor your colleagues, in and outside the team.</li>
<li>Experience at our current stage and beyond ($50-300M ARR range, high growth, lots of change and building internal infrastructure).</li>
</ul>
<p>Overall, we care about your current and future skill set. Not where you studied or who you know. We care about what you like to do and about what you'd like to do in the future, at Algolia.</p>
<p><br><br></p>
<p class="p1">#LI-Remote</p>
</div><div class="content-conclusion"><hr>
<p><strong>FLEXIBLE WORKPLACE STRATEGY:</strong></p>
<p>Algolia’s flexible workplace model is designed to empower all Algolians to fulfill our mission to power search and discovery with ease. We place an emphasis on an individual’s impact, contribution, and output, over their physical location. Algolia is a high-trust environment and many of our team members have the autonomy to choose where they want to work and when.&nbsp;</p>
<p>We have a global presence with offices in Paris, NYC, London, Sydney and Bucharest, however we also offer many of our team members the option to work remotely either as fully remote or hybrid-remote employees.<strong> Positions listed as "Remote" are only available for remote work within the specified country. Positions listed within a specific city are only available in that location - depending on the role it may be available with either a hybrid-remote or in-office schedule.</strong></p>
<p><strong>WE’RE LOOKING FOR SOMEONE WHO CAN LIVE OUR VALUES:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><strong>GRIT</strong> - Problem-solving and perseverance capability in an ever-changing and growing environment.</li>
<li><strong>TRUST </strong>- Willingness to trust our co-workers and to take ownership.</li>
<li><strong>CANDOR</strong> - Ability to receive and give constructive feedback.</li>
<li><strong>CARE</strong> - Genuine care about other team members, our clients and the decisions we make in the company.</li>
<li><strong>HUMILITY</strong> - Aptitude for learning from others, putting ego aside.</li>
</ul>
<p>We’re looking for talented, passionate people to help build the world’s best search and discovery technology. We value autonomy, diversity, and collaboration. We’re committed to creating an inclusive workplace where everyone is respected and supported—regardless of race, age, ancestry, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, marital status, color, veteran status, disability, or socioeconomic background.</p>
<p><strong>IMPORTANT NOTICE FOR CANDIDATES - Recruitment Fraud Notice</strong></p>
<p>We’ve recently seen an increase in recruitment scams targeting job seekers. To help protect yourself, please keep the following in mind:</p>
<ul>
<li>Our open positions may appear on third-party job boards, but the <strong>best way to apply safely</strong> is directly through our <strong>careers page</strong>.</li>
<li>All genuine communication from Algolia will come from an <strong>@algolia.com</strong> email address. If you receive an email from someone claiming to work at Algolia who does not have an @algolia.com email address, please do not respond or share any personal information.</li>
<li>We’ll <strong>never ask for payments, purchases, or financial details</strong> during the hiring process.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>READY TO APPLY?</strong></p>
<p>If you share our values and our enthusiasm for building the world’s best search &amp; discovery technology, we’d love to review your application!</p></div>