<p>Our mission at Duolingo is to develop the best education in the world and make it universally available. It’s a big mission, and that’s where you come in!</p>
<p>At Duolingo, you’ll join a team that cares about finding <a href="https://blog.duolingo.com/tag/engineering/?utm\_source=greenhouse.com&amp;utm\_medium=referral&amp;utm\_campaign=engblog\_gh\_091224">innovative solutions to complex technical problems</a>, running countless experiments (300+ at a time!) with our massive user base to make data-driven decisions, and educating our users and employees alike. You’ll have limitless learning opportunities, mentorship and collaboration with world-class minds, and a variety of projects with large scopes — while doing work that’s both fun and meaningful.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Join our life-changing mission to develop education for our half a billion (and growing!) learners around the world.</p>
<hr>
<p style="text-align: left;"><strong>About the role...</strong></p>
<p>We’re looking for founding members of the newly formed Asia Growth team. Your role will be to improve the Android user experience by leveraging your extensive experience to enhance the performance and efficiency of our Android app. This position offers an exciting opportunity to drive performance improvement initiatives that directly impact user experience and retention. Join us to make a significant impact on Duolingo’s key business metric DAU, worldwide!</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>🧠&nbsp; You will...</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Quickly develop native Android application performance optimizations in Kotlin.</li>
<li>Collaborate closely with cross-functional teams to identify performance bottlenecks and implement solutions.</li>
<li>Perform experiment analysis on features and find opportunities for optimization.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>✅&nbsp; You have...</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>A minimum of 5 years of programming experience in Android development with a strong focus on performance optimization.</li>
<li>Experience in developing world-class apps with stability, performance, and scalability in mind.</li>
<li>Demonstrated ability to diagnose and resolve complex performance issues, including memory leaks, UI lag, and slow network responses.</li>
<li>The ability to communicate technical issues effectively to technical and non-technical stakeholders.</li>
<li>A desire to make the world a better place through technology and education.</li>
<li>Ability to apply user insights, data, and statistical analyses to inform decisions.</li>
<li>A Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or a related technical field.</li>
<li>Ability to work from or relocate to Beijing, China.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<hr><div class="content-conclusion"><p class="Z7ph2">Take a peek at how we care for our employees' holistic well-being with our benefits<a class="Z7ph2" href="https://careers.duolingo.com/#benefits">&nbsp;here</a>.</p>
<p class="Z7ph2">We will do everything we can within reason to make sure that your interview takes place in an environment that fairly and accurately assesses your skills. If you need assistance or accommodation, please contact&nbsp;<a class="Z7ph2" href="mailto:accommodations@duolingo.com" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="mailto:accommodations@duolingo.com" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">accommodations@duolingo.com</a>.</p>
<p class="Z7ph2">Duolingo is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, gender (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics.</p>
<p class="Z7ph2">By applying for this position your data will be processed as per the<a class="Z7ph2" href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vTX9GKeRMOMA9Vtm0vfGibrYPYz8ysl0Dg8KSXgj\_PxeT5ChsdnNZZWtpxu4t7xillTPGnngnKCjIbV/pub">&nbsp;Duolingo Applicant Privacy Notice</a>.</p>
<p class="Z7ph2">Unfortunately, there is a rise in scammers pretending to be real Duolingo employees. Duolingo and our employees will never ask for your Social Security number, bank details, or passport info, and we’ll never ask you to deposit a check, purchase equipment, or exchange money during the interview process. Real Duolingo employees always use an email that ends in&nbsp;<strong>@duolingo.com</strong>&nbsp;or&nbsp;<strong>@recruiting.duolingo.com</strong>. Stay alert and double-check these details before sharing any information.</p>
<p class="Z7ph2">Sign up for job alerts&nbsp;<a href="http://my.greenhouse.io/users/sign\_in?job\_board=duolingo">here</a>.</p></div>