<p><strong>This is Adyen</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Adyen provides payments, data, and financial products in a single solution for customers like Meta, Uber, H&amp;M, and Microsoft - making us the financial technology platform of choice. At Adyen, everything we do is engineered for ambition.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">For our teams, we create an environment with opportunities for our people to succeed, backed by the culture and support to ensure they are enabled to truly own their careers. We are motivated individuals who tackle unique technical challenges at scale and solve them as a team. Together, we deliver innovative and ethical solutions that help businesses achieve their ambitions faster.</span></p>
<p><strong>As a Java Developer</strong></p>
<p><strong>You'll have the opportunity to:</strong></p>
<p>- Work in a platform which process tens of millions payments per day</p>
<p>- Be involved in solutions to provide payments solution to the world's leading companies such as: Meta, Uber, IFood, 99app, Magalu, Spotify and many more</p>
<p>- Integrate to mostly used payment methods in the world, ex.: Visa and Mastercard, but not limiting to those</p>
<p><strong>What you’ll do</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Build the global payments engine of the future and ensure that Adyen customers remain at the forefront of innovation.</li>
<li>Take ownership of systems, features, or frameworks—ranging from medium complexity to large-scale initiatives—ensuring timely delivery, quality, and alignment with project goals.</li>
<li>Collaborate effectively with your team and across teams, helping to unblock challenges and mentoring less experienced engineers. For larger systems, you’ll lead discussions and guide others through the development lifecycle.</li>
<li>Design and implement elegant, scalable solutions to complex problems, balancing simplicity with performance. Your work will align with team objectives while minimizing operational overhead and setting new standards where applicable.</li>
<li>Proactively identify opportunities for improvement, including addressing technical debt. Depending on scope, you may lead or contribute to cross-team initiatives to elevate the overall quality and reliability of our systems.</li>
<li>Monitor and troubleshoot your systems in production, ensuring consistent behavior and addressing issues promptly. You’ll contribute to or lead incident responses, sharing learnings to improve processes across the organization.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Who you are</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>At least 3 years of experience with Java development.</li>
<li>You bring strong expertise in Java and related technologies, with a solid grasp of design patterns, testing, and debugging. Your solutions reflect your depth of knowledge, whether you're solving individual tasks or setting architectural standards.</li>
<li>You share knowledge generously, offering meaningful feedback in code reviews and mentoring peers. You may inspire others with your ability to lead initiatives or guide team members through complex challenges.</li>
<li>You understand customer needs and business goals, translating them into impactful, high-quality solutions. You’re comfortable prioritizing work that aligns technical priorities with business outcomes.</li>
<li>You articulate ideas clearly to technical and non-technical stakeholders. Your documentation is concise and actionable, enabling others to build upon your work independently.</li>
<li>You decompose complex problems into actionable tasks with accurate time estimates, coordinating work effectively. For broader initiatives, you’ll take the lead to ensure smooth execution and alignment across teams.</li>
<li><strong>This role is based out of our Sao Jose dos Campos office (3 days in person).</strong></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Our Diversity, Equity and Inclusion commitments&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Our unique approach is a product of our diverse perspectives. This diversity of backgrounds and cultures is essential in helping us maintain our momentum. Our business and technical challenges are unique, and we need as many different voices as possible to join us in solving them - voices like yours. No matter who you are or where you’re from, we welcome you to be your true self at Adyen.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Studies show that women and members of underrepresented communities apply for jobs only if they meet 100% of the qualifications. Does this sound like you? If so, Adyen encourages you to reconsider and apply. We look forward to your application!</span></p>
<p><strong>What’s next?</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Ensuring a smooth and enjoyable candidate experience is critical for us. We aim to get back to you regarding your application within 5 business days. Our interview process tends to take about 4 weeks to complete, but may fluctuate depending on the role. </span><a href="https://careers.adyen.com/how-we-hire"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Learn more about our hiring process here</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">. Don’t be afraid to let us know if you need more flexibility.</span></p>
<p><strong>We are an office-first company and value in-person collaboration; we do not offer remote-only roles.&nbsp;</strong></p>