<div class="content-intro"><p><span style="font-weight: 400;">At Ripple, we’re building a world where value moves like information does today. It’s big, it’s bold, and we’re already doing it. Through our crypto solutions for financial institutions, businesses, governments and developers, we are improving the global financial system and creating greater economic fairness and opportunity for more people, in more places around the world. And we get to do the best work of our career and grow our skills surrounded by colleagues who have our backs.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">If you’re ready to see your impact and unlock incredible career growth opportunities, join us, and build real world value.</span></p></div><p><strong>THE WORK:</strong></p>
<p>Ripple is growing, and we're looking to hire a Sales Director based in Dubai. This is a sales quota-carrying position that is responsible for revenue generation through the direct sale of Ripple products and services to financial institutions.</p>
<p><strong>WHAT YOU'LL DO:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Act as a subject matter expert on blockchain-enabled payments, translating Ripple’s technical advantages into clear commercial value for cross-border settlement and stablecoin liquidity workflows.</li>
<li>Drive the full sales lifecycle to meet and surpass assigned booking targets, ensuring Ripple’s market share expands across designated accounts.</li>
<li>Generate and close high-value opportunities within the financial services sector, navigating complex institutional procurement cycles in the region.</li>
<li>Own the regional roadmap by developing high-impact account plans and go-to-market tactics that penetrate top-tier financial institutions, ensuring Ripple’s cross-border and stablecoin solutions become the regional standard.</li>
<li>Qualification of prospects to deep-dive needs assessments to rapidly convert complex regional opportunities into high-value, closed-won business for Ripple’s payment and liquidity solutions.</li>
<li>Handle the effective and rapid movement of leads through sales process, including qualification of prospects; assessment of potential client needs; presentation of Ripple solutions; and expeditious closing of business.</li>
<li>Maintain accurate and up-to-date sales pipeline forecasts daily, ensuring timely and detailed reporting of sales activities and outcomes.</li>
<li>Conduct client site visits, deliver sales presentations, and perform product demonstrations to prospective clients, driving engagement and interest.</li>
<li>Travel frequently across MEA to engage with customers and prospects.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>WHAT YOU'LL BRING:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Extensive experience within the Financial Services or Fintech ecosystem, with a sophisticated understanding of the regional banking landscape in the MEA.</li>
<li>8+ years of validated success in a consultative, enterprise-level sales role</li>
<li>A proven track record of exceeding quotas by selling solutions to Financial Institutions</li>
<li>Act as a regional subject matter expert on blockchain-enabled payments, translating Ripple’s product suite including stablecoin liquidity and digital asset custody, into high-impact value propositions for C-suite stakeholders</li>
<li>Positive attitude with outstanding client relationship &amp;leadership skills</li>
<li>Demonstrated ability to balance multiple projects simultaneously and in a timely manner</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><hr>
<p><strong>WHO WE ARE:</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Do Your Best Work</span></p>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">The opportunity to build in a fast-paced start-up environment with experienced industry leaders</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">A learning environment where you can dive deep into the latest technologies and make an impact.&nbsp; A professional development budget to support other modes of learning.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Thrive in an environment where no matter what race, ethnicity, gender, origin, or culture they identify with, every employee is a respected, valued, and empowered part of the team.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">In-office collaboration for moments that matter is important to our culture, and we give managers and teams the flexibility to decide which 10+ days a month they come in.&nbsp;</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Bi-weekly all-company meeting - business updates and ask me anything style discussion with our Leadership Team</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">We come together for moments that matter which include team offsites, team bonding activities, happy hours and more!</span></li>
</ul>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Take Control of Your Finances</span></p>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Competitive salary, bonuses, and equity</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Competitive benefits that cover physical and mental healthcare, retirement, family forming, and family support</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Employee giving match</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Mobile phone stipend</span></li>
</ul>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Take Care of Yourself</span></p>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">R&amp;R days so you can rest and recharge</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Generous wellness reimbursement and weekly onsite &amp; virtual programming</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Generous vacation policy - work with your manager to take time off when you need it</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Industry-leading parental leave policies. Family planning benefits.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Catered lunches, fully-stocked kitchens with premium snacks/beverages, and plenty of fun events</span></li>
</ul>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;"><em data-stringify-type="italic">Benefits listed above are for full-time employees.&nbsp;</em></span></p>
<hr>
<div><em>Ripple is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We’re committed to building a diverse and inclusive team. We do not discriminate against qualified employees or applicants because of race, color, religion, gender identity, sex, sexual identity, pregnancy, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, marital status, physical disability, mental disability, medical condition, military status, or any other characteristic protected by local law or ordinance.</em></div>
<div>&nbsp;</div>
<div><em>Please find our <a href="https://ripple.com/legal/eu-privacy-notice/" target="\_blank">UK/EU Applicant Privacy Notice </a>and our <a href="https://ripple.com/legal/ca-applicant-privacy-notice/" target="\_blank">California Applicant Privacy Notice</a> for reference.</em></div>
<div><hr></div></div>