<div class="content-intro"><h2><span data-sheets-root="1">About Wolt</span></h2>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">At Wolt, we create technology that brings joy, simplicity and earnings to the neighborhoods of the world. In 2014 we started with delivery of restaurant food. Now we’re building the delivery of (almost) everything and you’ll find us in over 500 cities in 30 countries around the world. In 2022 we joined forces with DoorDash and together we keep on dreaming big and expanding across the globe.<br><br>Working at Wolt isn’t always easy, but it’s definitely exciting. Here you’ll learn more, build more, and ship more than in most other companies. You’ll be challenged a lot, but also have a lot of fun on the way. So, if you’re a self-starter with drive and entrepreneurial spirit, this could be the ride of your life.</span></p></div><p>As we are growing rapidly, we are recruiting an Merchant Service Associate to support our merchant partners and ensure the best possible partnership along their journey with Wolt. As a Merchant Service Associate, you will act as a key communicator between our operations team and merchant partners in order to ensure optimal success. As well as defining and shaping our Merchant support to take it to new heights. The role is based in Astana.&nbsp;</p>
<h2>What you’ll be doing</h2>
<h3><strong>Day-to-day in this role you’ll:</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Building relationships with our partners by training them on using our systems and keeping them informed of any updates.</li>
<li>Ensuring our partners meets the highest Wolt service standards by conducting frequent quality and satisfaction checks.</li>
<li>Helping develop our partners and their businesses by leveraging collected user data.</li>
<li>Maintaining the accuracy and brand consistency of our menu platform, including text and visuals.</li>
<li>Resolving operational tasks of our partners to ensure smooth operations.</li>
<li>Monitoring tasks, cases coming from partners.</li>
<li>Assisting the Account management team with mass communication with our partners.</li>
</ul>
<h2>Our humble expectations</h2>
<ul>
<li>Excellent interpersonal skills, as you will be working with various partners and teams.</li>
<li>Experience in customer support and account management is a plus.</li>
<li>A structured, detail-oriented, service-oriented approach, with strong decision-making and problem-solving abilities.</li>
<li>Fluency in Kazakh and Russian, with the ability to work in English.</li>
</ul>
<h2>What we offer</h2>
<p>If you are excited about working in a high-growth environment, taking ownership, and being part of an extremely ambitious team, then click below to apply and get the conversation going! Please make sure to submit your application in English.&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>🌍 Independent work in a dynamic, international team</li>
<li>🩺 Medical Insurance and strengthened sick leaves</li>
<li>🚀 Career growth</li>
<li>💙 Employee Assistance Program - therapy and wellbeing</li>
<li>% Discount on your Wolt orders</li>
<li>🧑‍🎓 Wolt-wide training programs</li>
<li>🎉 Team budgets</li>
<li>🍊 Fruits and drinks at the office</li>
</ul>
<h2>Next steps</h2>
<p>If you are excited about working in a high-growth environment, taking ownership, and being the key player in maintaining integrations and expanding the more technical aspects of our local organization, then click below to apply and get the conversation going!</p>
<p><strong>We will be accepting &amp; reviewing applications till April 25th. If this sounds like an opportunity you want to pursue, apply today!&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p><iframe src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/GoL541\_xj9w" width="560" height="314"></iframe></p><div class="content-conclusion"><h2><span data-sheets-root="1">Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion</span></h2>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">We’re committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. That’s why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.</span></p></div>