Pioneer of online flash sales since 2001 and key player in European e-commerce, **Veepee** collaborates with over 7,000 brands to offer highly discounted products available for a limited time. Operating across various sectors, including fashion, home, wine, travel or beauty... Veepee achieved a turnover of 3.3 billion euros incl. VAT in 2024 and employs 5,000 staff members across 10 countries.

📄 JOB DESCRIPTION

Today we're looking for a Senior iOS engineer who will join our dynamic and highly passionate team!

As a Senior iOS engineer directly integrated into one of our product teams, you will be part of a distributed fully agile team of 8-10 engineers, you will support and improve the quality of the iOS application, adding new features in order to perfect users’ experience, creating special additional tools, and you will contribute to the iOS community.

## 🎯 TASKS

- Developing modules in Swift that would be integrated to the app directly with the help of our Core team;
- Granting the evolution and updating to new technologies;
- Leveraging modular architecture to maximize the velocity of developing new features;
- Focusing mainly on new features’ development, as the Core team is ensuring solid CI setup and automation of various processes;
- Participating in code reviews, pair programming sessions, release trains - and many-many other fancy things we use on a daily basis.

## 👉 MUST HAVE skills

- Minimum 5 years of experience with Swift;
- Strong experience in UIKit;
- Hands on SwiftUI;
- Fluency with modular architecture;
- Ability to apply SOLID principles in practice;
- Perfect understanding of GitFlow;
- Efficient usage and experience with HTTP-based Rest APIs;
- Team player / familiarized with  working in team on large tech projects;
- Ability to adapt to an existing codebase;
- Strong experience with unit & ui tests;
- You have strong verbal and written English language skills.

## 👉 NICE TO HAVE skills

- Good understanding of MVVM architecture.
- Open source contributions;
- Experience with Snapshot testing;

## ✅ BENEFITS

- Variable bonus;
- The dynamic and creative environment within international teams;
- The variety of self-education courses on our e-learning platform;
- Participation in meetups and conferences locally and internationally;
- Flexible Office with up to 2 days at home.

## ⚙️RECRUITMENT PROCESS

- 1️⃣ 30-minute HR Screen with a Veepeeᵀᵉᶜʰ Recruiter
- 2️⃣ Technical Interview #1 (~1h)
- 3️⃣ Technical Interview #2 (~1h)
- 4️⃣ Manager Interview (~1h)

We are convinced that it is up to you to define the way you work, to develop yourself and to progress. At Veepee we guarantee that you can just be yourself !For the service of diversity and inclusion, Veepee is committed to reviewing all applications received on an equal basis.

🔗COMPANY For more information about our ecosystem :  <https://careers.veepee.com/veepee-tech/>

**❓ WHO WE ARE**

*Veepeeᵀᵉᶜʰ is a tech community of 500 collaborators who play a key role in Veepee’s innovative strategy.*

*From Warsaw to Sevilla, through Brussels, Amsterdam, Paris, Lyon, Nantes, Nice, Barcelona, Madrid and Lausanne all our projects are developed in an agile environment with a wide skills variety where you’ll be sure to find your place, no matter the technology you work with.*

*If you love to try things why don’t you jump on this new adventure?*

Need more info > <https://careers.veepee.com/en/>

Vente-privee.com processes the collected data to handle the recruitment process, and to evaluate your ability to carry out the job offered and your professional skills. You can learn more about our use of your data and your rights by reading our [recruiting privacy policy](https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vQp18-SykzoTwEfiFm9XDKEI7ztTVpK0Xti4Z0j_PnHn69s5BnemTepLfsbIid-CQ/pub?lsrp=1).