<div class="content-intro"><p><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif; font-size: 12pt;">Airbnb was born in 2007 when two hosts welcomed three guests to their San Francisco home, and has since grown to over 5 million hosts who have welcomed over 2 billion guest arrivals in almost every country across the globe. Every day, hosts offer unique stays and experiences that make it possible for guests to connect with communities in a more authentic way.</span></p></div><p><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; color: #000000;"><strong>The Community You Will Join:</strong></span></p>
<p>Our team, Reliability Experience, is responsible for the ideation, development, and maintenance of opinionated UX across the Reliability Engineering ecosystem at Airbnb. We chart the paved path that all platform, infra, and product engineers rely upon to effectively monitor, investigate, and debug system health across Airbnb’s wide-ranging tech stack.</p>
<p>Reliability Experience engineers are on the forefront of building out new internally-used infrastructure and reliability products at Airbnb. We design, prototype, rapidly iterate, and do so with user experience top of mind. We partner closely with the rest of Reliability Engineering and Infrastructure while serving all engineers as customers. We engage openly and enthusiastically with our customers to understand and resolve their reliability pain points in a simple, scalable, and flexible fashion.</p>
<p><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; color: #000000;"><strong>The Difference You will Make:</strong></span></p>
<p>As a Senior Backend (or Fullstack) Engineer, you will be partnering with Reliability, Platform, and Infrastructures teams and utilize your extensive knowledge of web technologies to lead and execute on building the paved path for Airbnb’s current and future internal needs. Your primary objective will be to make it easier to understand what’s happening in production and quickly triage bugs and outages.</p>
<p><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; color: #000000;"><strong>A Typical Day:&nbsp;</strong></span></p>
<ul>
<li>Collaborate with the Reliability Experience, Incident Management, Observability, and Resiliency teams to design and develop high quality UX.</li>
<li>Be an active contributor to your projects by creating high quality, tested pull requests and reviewing other’s designs and code.</li>
<li>Build appropriate tests to ensure the reliability and performance of the software you create.</li>
<li>Create and present your own design, product, and architecture documents and provide feedback on others.</li>
<li>Stay up-to-date with the latest industry trends, technologies, and best practices in Web development and performance engineering, particularly in the Reliability and Observability space.</li>
<li>Do all this in an opinionated fashion, with humility and curiosity, as we are our own product managers.</li>
</ul>
<p><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; color: #000000;"><strong>Your Expertise:</strong></span></p>
<ul>
<li>5+ years of industry engineering experience</li>
<li>Experience building internal infrastructure, particularly in Data or Observability spaces (Prometheus is a plus)</li>
<li>Strong collaboration with colleagues across multiple timezones</li>
<li>Fluency in Java, Python or one objected oriented language&nbsp;</li>
<li>Experience with <a href="https://airbnb.io/visx/">airbnb.io/visx/</a> is preferred but not required</li>
<li>Experience with Grafana and similar solutions is preferred but not required</li>
<li>Deep experience of understanding and solving engineering productivity pain points</li>
<li>Solid engineering and coding skills. Demonstrated knowledge of practical data structures and asynchronous programming</li>
<li>Strong communication and organizational skills</li>
<li>Ability to work in areas outside of your usual comfort zone and show motivation for personal growth without a dedicated product manager</li>
<li>Fluency in English (reading, writing, and speaking) is essential.</li>
</ul>
<p><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; color: #000000;"><strong>Our Commitment To Inclusion &amp; Belonging:</strong></span></p>
<p><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; color: #000000;">Airbnb is committed to working with the broadest talent pool possible. We believe diverse ideas foster innovation and engagement, and allow us to attract creatively-led people, and to develop the best products, services and solutions. All qualified individuals are encouraged to apply.</span></p>