<div class="content-intro"><p>Fastly helps people stay better connected with the things they love. Fastly’s edge cloud platform enables customers to create great digital experiences quickly, securely, and reliably by processing, serving, and securing our customers’ applications as close to their end-users as possible — at the edge of the Internet. The platform is designed to take advantage of the modern internet, to be programmable, and to support agile software development. Fastly’s customers include many of the world’s most prominent companies, including GitHub, Yelp, Paramount, and JetBlue.</p>
<p>We're building a more trustworthy Internet. Come join us.</p></div><h3><strong>Marketing Technology Specialist</strong></h3>
<p>The Marketing Technology Specialist will be responsible for building and executing on marketing automation efforts for Fastly marketing initiatives. You’ll partner closely with regional and global marketers to develop and refine project requirements, using a variety of marketing tools to launch email marketing efforts, landing pages, and automation logic that directly impacts our sales teams. You’ll ensure the process is defined and adhered to with respect to use of marketing technology and data management. You’ll also partner closely with the sales operations organization to ensure that marketing-driven leads are moving smoothly into the sales process as appropriate.</p>
<p><strong>What You'll Do:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Own the marketing automation production needs in Marketo (webinars, emails, landing pages, nurture programs, list imports) for new demand generation campaigns</li>
<li>Partnering with stakeholders to define scope and requirements, and communicating proactively on status of projects and ensure SLAs are being met</li>
<li>Develop and document new and changing processes as they emerge&nbsp;</li>
<li>Ensure campaigns are set up to track attribution accurately throughout the funnel</li>
<li>Maintain data integrity through rigorous testing and swift incident response</li>
<li>Participate with team’s sprint process to help scope &amp; define acceptance criteria for requested work</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>What We're Looking For:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Experience using a CRM, marketing automation, and martech tools (SFDC, Marketo, Hubspot, Eloqua, Pardot, or similar)</li>
<li>Strong project management skills, who excels in independent execution and technical delivery</li>
<li>Ability to establish trusted relationships with other team members in an asynchronous, remote-first environment</li>
<li>Open, positive approach towards change, learning and personal development</li>
<li>Organized, detailed, and self-motivated individual who wants to make an impact at a growing organization</li>
<li>2-4 years of experience in a technical or analytical role</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>We’ll be super impressed if you have experience in any of these:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Hands-on experience with Marketo</li>
<li>Hands-on experience with Salesforce</li>
<li>Technical understanding of HTML, CSS &amp; JavaScript</li>
<li>Experience working in a Sprint format</li>
<li>Experience working in a remote-first environment</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Work Hours:</strong></p>
<p>This position will require you to be available during core business hours.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Work Location(s) &amp; Travel Requirements:</strong></p>
<p>This position is a remote role and open to candidates residing in the following locations:&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>London</li>
</ul>
<p>This position may require travel as required by your role or requested by your manager.</p>
<p>Starting salary may vary based on permissible, non-discriminatory factors such as experience, skills, qualifications, and location.</p>
<p>This role may be eligible to participate in Fastly’s equity and discretionary bonus programs.</p>
<p><strong>Benefits:</strong></p>
<p>We care about you. Fastly works hard to create a positive environment for our employees, and we think your life outside of work is important too. We support our teams with great benefits that start on the first day of your employment with Fastly. Curious about our offerings?</p>
<p>We offer a comprehensive benefits package designed to meet your needs. Our offerings may vary depending on the country where you work and are subject to change.</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>Why Fastly?</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>
<p><strong>We have a huge impact.</strong>&nbsp;Fastly is a small company with a big reach. Not only do<a class="external-link" href="https://www.fastly.com/customers" target="\_blank">&nbsp;our customers</a>&nbsp;have a tremendous user base, but we also support a growing number of<a class="external-link" href="https://www.fastly.com/open-source/" target="\_blank">&nbsp;open source projects and initiatives</a>.&nbsp;Outside of code, employees are encouraged to share causes close to their heart with others so we can help lend a supportive hand.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p><strong>We value diversity.</strong>&nbsp;Growing and maintaining our inclusive and diverse team matters to us. We are committed to being a company where our employees feel comfortable bringing their authentic selves to work and have the ability to be successful -- every day.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p><strong>We are passionate.</strong>&nbsp;Fastly is chock full of passionate people and we’re not ‘one size fits all’. Fastly employs authors, pilots, skiers, parents (of humans and animals), makeup geeks, coffee connoisseurs, and more. We love employees for who they are and what they are passionate about.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>We’re always looking for humble, sharp, and creative folks to join the Fastly team. If you think you might be a fit please apply!</strong><strong> A fully completed application and resume or CV are required when applying.</strong></p>
<p><em>All job applications must be submitted through our official careers site at </em><a href="http://www.fastly.com/careers"><em>www.fastly.com/about/careers</em></a><em>. We will never request sensitive information, such as your Social Security number, bank account or credit card information during the application process. All official communication will come from an @</em><a href="http://fastly.com"><em>fastly.com</em></a><em> or @</em><a href="http://recruiting.fastly.com"><em>recruiting.fastly.com</em></a><em> email address. </em></p>
<p><em><span style="font-weight: 400;">Fastly is committed to ensuring equal employment opportunity and to providing employees with a safe and welcoming work environment free of discrimination and harassment. Our employment decisions are based on business needs, job requirements and individual qualifications.</span></em><em><span style="font-weight: 400;"> All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, family or parental status, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances.</span></em></p>
<p><em><span style="font-weight: 400;">Consistent with the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) and federal or state disability laws, Fastly will provide reasonable accommodations for applicants and employees with disabilities. If reasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and/or to receive other benefits and privileges of employment, please contact your Recruiter, or the Fastly Employee Relations team at </span></em><a href="mailto:candidateaccommodations@fastly.com"><em><span style="font-weight: 400;">candidateaccommodations@fastly.com</span></em></a><em><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or 501-287-4901.&nbsp; </span></em></p>
<p><em>Fastly collects and processes personal data submitted by job applicants in accordance with our<a class="external-link" href="https://www.fastly.com/privacy" target="\_blank">&nbsp;Privacy Policy</a>. Please see our<a class="external-link" href="https://www.fastly.com/privacy-job-applicants" target="\_blank">&nbsp;privacy notice for job applicants</a>.</em></p></div>