<div class="content-intro"><p class="p1"><strong>At POWERX, our people are at the heart of everything we do.</strong> From testing and commissioning to engineering and compliance, every service we provide plays a vital role in powering safe, reliable, and efficient systems.</p>
<p class="p1">As the nation’s leading provider of comprehensive power solutions, we foster a culture of integrity, respect, and teamwork. In an ever-evolving industry, our mission is to help businesses optimize system performance, ensure safety and compliance, and drive operational excellence through innovation and accountability.</p>
<p class="p1">Whether you're an experienced professional or launching your career, POWERX provides an environment where you can grow, make an impact, and build a lasting legacy.</p></div><p>&nbsp;</p>
<p id="isPasted"><strong>ABOUT US&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>At POWERX, we take pride in being the premier provider of comprehensive power services, ensuring that power systems operate efficiently and reliably. Our commitment to quality and excellence is evident in our field services, engineering and consulting expertise, and adherence to certifications and regulations. Safety and performance are at the forefront of our integrated approach.&nbsp;</p>
<p>We are a people-first company, valuing integrity, respect, and teamwork. Our mission is to empower businesses by optimizing system performance, ensuring safety and compliance, and driving operational excellence with innovative solutions. At POWERX, we offer a dynamic environment where both experienced professionals and newcomers can grow, make an impact, and build a legacy.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Our vision is to lead the future of power systems with cutting-edge technology, sustainable practices, and a relentless focus on customer success. We are dedicated to expanding our expertise, locations, and services while maintaining our people-first philosophy. Partnering with POWERX means gaining a trusted team of passionate experts committed to delivering value and fostering lasting relationships. Join us in making power work for our clients and the communities we serve!&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>OUR POWERX PERKS&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul type="disc">
<li>Competitive Pay</li>
<li>Incentives for Certifications</li>
<li>Referral Bonus Program</li>
<li>Tuition Reimbursement</li>
<li>Medical, dental, vision, LTD, STD, Basic Life/AD&amp;D, and other ancillary products</li>
<li>401k program with a company match</li>
<li>Performance Program</li>
<li>Paid Parental Leave</li>
<li>PTO including Wellness Days and Paid Holidays</li>
<li>And much more!</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p id="isPasted"><strong>Job Summary:<br></strong></p>
<p>The Field Service Supervisor is responsible for overseeing and managing the daily operations of their assigned team, ensuring that all tasks are completed efficiently, safely, and in compliance with policies and standards. This role involves supervising staff, providing training and guidance, and fostering a positive and productive work environment. The Field Service Supervisor plays a critical role in ensuring the quality and timeliness of work, addressing any issues that arise, and supporting the overall goals of the department and organization.</p>
<p><strong>Supervisory Responsibilities:<br></strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Supervises: field service technicians 1-4.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Duties/Responsibilities:</strong></p>
<p>Production</p>
<ul>
<li>Operate as a production job leader or crew member when workload demands.</li>
<li>Teach and mentor direct reports on how to run jobs and projects in a manner that meets or exceeds expectations.</li>
</ul>
<p>Safety</p>
<ul>
<li>Ensure that assigned technicians are current on required safety training and that completion of their training is reflected on their scorecard.</li>
<li>Regularly discuss safety training and EHS policies and procedures with team members and ensure the implementation and utilization of proper safety procedures.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Ensure that direct reports understand and are properly using JHA, AHA, Lifted Conductor, Energized Work Permit, and other safety related forms at all times.</li>
<li>Use, demonstrate, and teach Human Performance Error Elimination principles and tools.&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p>Technical and Career Development</p>
<ul>
<li>Perform technical skills assessments of each direct report and log their proficiency in their skills matrix.</li>
<li>Develop a career path and individual training plan with each direct report to guide employees in their skills advancement; ensure team members are receiving on-the-job training and are exposed to new learning and job tasks per their training plan.</li>
<li>Ensure data sheet programs are correctly used and data sheets are completed accurately and on time.</li>
</ul>
<p>Customer Service</p>
<ul>
<li>Ensure that your team demonstrates the POWERX Difference (appearance, providing solutions, be reliable, on-time, equipment, etc.)</li>
<li>Ensure that timely, accurate, and approved change orders are obtained from customers prior to added work being done; communicate changes with internal team members as needed.</li>
<li>Provide exceptional customer service to clients and teach exceptional customer service to the team.</li>
<li>Ensure that accurate customer data is reported and accurate reports are completed on time.</li>
</ul>
<p>Performance Management</p>
<ul>
<li>Provide regular and ongoing positive and constructive feedback to direct reports about their work performance.</li>
<li>Address performance concerns as they arise; issue written disciplinary warnings when appropriate in collaboration with the Operations Manager and HR.</li>
<li>Provide appropriate recommendations to management for annual merit raises.</li>
</ul>
<p>Leadership</p>
<ul>
<li>Provide daily work direction to effectively execute customer jobs according to job scope and budget.</li>
<li>Ensure direct reports have the tools and equipment they need to be successful.</li>
</ul>
<p>Additional responsibilities and tasks as required to support the organization's goals and adapt to evolving business needs.</p>
<p><strong>Attributes/Abilities:<br></strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Must have a satisfactory background/MVR check.</li>
<li>Must pass a pre-employment, post-accident, reasonable suspicion, and/or random drug test.</li>
<li>Must have reliable transportation and possess a valid driver’s license.</li>
<li>Extensive knowledge of safety requirements and procedures in the electrical industry.</li>
<li>Computing skills including email, internet, data entry, and Microsoft Office products.</li>
<li>Strong leadership and team management skills.</li>
<li>Strong interpersonal and social skills.</li>
<li>Excellent verbal and written communication.</li>
<li>Highly organized and detail oriented.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Experience and Education:<br></strong></p>
<ul>
<li>2+ years of experience in the Electrical Testing or Engineering field.</li>
<li>1 year of successful experience in POWERX Field Services preferred.</li>
<li>High school diploma required, Associate’s degree in Electrical Power Distribution and Control or similar experience and training from the military is preferred.</li>
<li>Current training in OSHA 30 Hour, MSHA, NFPA-70E, CPR/First Aid/AED, and/or Smith Driver Training.</li>
<li>Prior supervisory experience is preferred.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Physical Requirements:<br></strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Ability to travel up to 50% of the time.</li>
<li>Ability and willingness to work occasional overtime as needed.</li>
<li>Ability to lift up to 50 pounds.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Must wear appropriate and mandated PPE including arc-flash suit, safety glasses, hard hat, respirator, hearing protection, steel-toed boots, etc.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Work environments include commercial buildings varying in type and condition and industrial sites with interior temperatures exceeding 100 degrees and noise levels above 85dB.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Able to walk, stand, climb, pull, push, sit, and work in a cramped or confined space.</li>
<li>Potential low exposure to various conditions, including dirt, heat, fumes, smoke, water, noise, vibration, grease, oil, and dust.&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>POWERX is</strong><strong> an equal opportunity employer, and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment</strong><strong> without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws.</strong><strong>&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>