<p><strong>Protecting and building a future shaped by original ideas, innovations, and creativity</strong></p>
<p>From counterfeits and pirated content to fraudulent sites and unauthorized sellers, MarqVision provides an end-to-end brand integrity platform across e-commerce, social media and emerging AI platforms. Our AI-powered managed service platform for brand control and intelligence enables rapid, scalable enforcement so that brands can move faster, protect revenue, and preserve brand equity across every digital touchpoint. In a time when IP infringements pose an increasingly serious challenge, we believe that democratizing legal expertise and access to the latest in generative AI technology is critical for continuing to support the inventors, developers, and artists of the world who work tirelessly to deliver safe, high-quality products.&nbsp;Founded by Harvard Law graduates in 2020, MarqVision recently raised Series B, bringing total funding to $89M, and is backed by Y Combinator, Peak XV (formerly Sequoia Capital India), HSG (formerly Sequoia Capital China), Salesforce Ventures, Altos Ventures, DST Global Partners, and Softbank. Recognized with an LVMH Innovation Award and the Inc 5000 Fastest Growing Companies award in 2025, MarqVision continues to push boundaries in brand control, ensuring that innovation, creativity, and trust remain safeguarded in a rapidly evolving digital world.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>How&nbsp;You'll&nbsp;Make&nbsp;an&nbsp;Impact&nbsp;at&nbsp;MarqVision</strong></p>
<p>This role is a part of a Customer Success Team. Customer Success Managers at MarqVision are self-motivated and proactive, they are relationship builders, people persons, and have experience managing multiple stakeholders. They oversee the lifecycle of customers from onboarding to renewal, act as a trusted partner to our customers, transforming their use of MarqVision into tangible business value.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>What you’ll Achieve</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Build relationships with decision-makers and economic buyers to uncover business needs and priorities to establish a succession plan for your accounts</li>
<li>Serve as the trusted point of contact for Marqvision’ customers throughout the lifecycle, beginning from the point of sale and extending through onboarding, business reviews, project success, and renewals</li>
<li>Collaborate with the Marqvision Sales, Operation, Product teams in strategizing your accounts’ growth</li>
<li>Proactively engage each account to identify risks and to ensure that every Marqvision functionality and offering is being leveraged, maximizing the value of each Marqvision subscription.</li>
<li>Develop and maintain strong relationships at all levels within the customer organization.</li>
<li>Execute Business Reviews, training, check-in calls, and feature implementation</li>
<li>Assess client health and develop strategies to mitigate churn with proactive health plans</li>
<li>Define timelines, milestones, and success criteria, while ensuring that they are successfully achieved</li>
<li>Partner with engineering teams in architecting and orchestrating customer requests</li>
<li>Working closely with Engineering, product management, customer support, and sales teams</li>
<li>Establish and maintain relationships with key stakeholders to promote internal advocacy</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Skills You'll Need to Bring</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>5+ years of relevant Customer Success and/or Account Management within SaaS field in the Korean Market&nbsp;</li>
<li>Proven experience with owning customer’s renewals and expansions</li>
<li>Experience in leading junior members as a team lead or senior</li>
<li>Excellent customer facing skills: training, coaching, discussion management, conflict resolution, and ability to creatively explain and present complex concepts in an easy to understand the manner</li>
<li>Business fluent in English and native level of Korean</li>
<li>Strong written and verbal communication skills in English, as well as business and technical acumen</li>
<li>Have a positive, self-starter attitude with absolute willingness to go the extra mile and exceed expectations</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Nice to Have</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>A collaborative mindset and the ability to thrive in a fast-paced, dynamic environment, contributing as a team player</li>
<li>Candidates with strong global organizational experience, either through living abroad or working in international environments or teams.</li>
<li>Understanding of the software development lifecycle, legal tech, SaaS and/or related field</li>
<li>Either a major in Law or 3+ years of experience in IP/Legal sectors</li>
<li>Enterprise Account Management and Customer Success Management experience in the Korean Market</li>
<li>Productivity tools implementation experience (e.g. Project management tools, BI, others)</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Additional Reference</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><a href="https://www.marqvision.com/blog">MarqVision Company Blog</a></li>
<li><a href="https://www.marqvision.com/leadership">Leadership Team&nbsp;&nbsp;</a></li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Be Part of the MarqVision Team</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>전 세계 10여 개국의 팀원들과 함께 글로벌한 임팩트를 만들어갈 수 있습니다.</li>
<li>유연근무제(8~10AM 출근)와 재택근무(주 2일)를 통해 최적의 업무 환경을 선택할 수 있습니다.</li>
<li>입사 시 미국 주식 기반의 스톡옵션을 제공합니다.</li>
<li>구성원들의 건강을 위해 정기 건강검진을 지원합니다.</li>
<li>개인의 성장을 위해 오피스에서 영어 회화 교육을 지원합니다.</li>
<li>오피스 출근 시 점심 식대를, 야근 시 저녁 식대 및 택시비를 지원합니다.</li>
<li>팀 빌딩을 위한 팀 단위 회식비를 지원합니다.</li>
<li>다양한 간식, 음료, 커피, 맥주 등을 제공합니다.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Interview Process</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Please submit all documents as a PDF file</li>
<li>The interview process is as follows</li>
<li>Application Review &gt; Screening Interview &gt; Hiring Manager Interview &gt;&nbsp; Team Interview&nbsp; &gt; Culture Fit Interview &gt; Case Study (optional) &gt; Final Interview</li>
<li>The interview process is subject to change.</li>
<li>This is a full-time position with a 3-month probationary (trial) period</li>
<li>Please ensure that all submitted documents are accurate. Any false information may result in the withdrawal of your acceptance or offer of employment.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Equal Opportunity</strong></p>
<p>At MarqVision, we believe real growth comes with attracting the brightest minds, motivating them to succeed in their position, and ensuring plenty of fun along the way. If you think this position is for you, apply now! MarqVision is an Equal Opportunity Employer and encourages applicants of all backgrounds to apply. We are committed to building a diverse and inclusive workforce that reflects the customers and communities we serve.</p>
<p>By applying for this role, you acknowledge MarqVision’s Global Recruiting Privacy Policy. Your privacy is important to us. Please review our <a href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/1rWdOaSaiZyfYVVP71sQfPd-XnV93oVmFyjP8URCnHJg/edit?tab=t.0">Candidate Privacy Notice</a>.<br><br></p>