Pioneer of online flash sales since 2001 and key player in European e-commerce, Veepee collaborates with over 7,000 brands to offer highly discounted products available for a limited time. Operating across various sectors, including fashion, home, wine, travel or beauty... Veepee achieved a turnover of 3.3 billion euros incl. VAT in 2024 and employs 5,000 staff members across 10 countries.

## 📄 JOB DESCRIPTION

- Does your heart beat faster when you hear marketing? Are you intrigued by e-commerce? Are you looking for an internship of minimum 6 months? This internship is the right move for you!
- During this internship you will join the B2C team within the Marketing department. A small and fun team with a flat structure where you can really be part of the team. You will be responsible for ensuring the visual and strategic consistency of sales and marketing materials on our site.

## 🎯 TASKS

- Review sales planning on a daily basis and make proposals for the ranking on the different verticals (homepage, fashion&beauty, home&deco, …) - based on KPI’s.
- Do the setup of the different sale banners on the different verticals based on the ranking decisions.
- Make proposals of marketing banner positions based on marketing and sales planning + do the setup/positioning of those banners.
- Monitor the layout of the different verticals on our platform.
- Participate in the selection of sales for the weekly invitation email.
- Monitor and review the process of the weekly and daily invitation emails for correct configuration and sending.
- Monitor the sales planning to spot possible opportunities for B2C/CRM marketing actions and/or thematic campaigns.
- Support the team in the setup of B2C/CRM marketing actions.
- Participate in writing copy for the marketing action requests within the team.
- Support the team in executing analysis and doing reporting.

## 👉 MUST HAVE skills

- A Marketing or Commercial Management student.
- Your mother language is French or Dutch and you are fluent in English.
- Proactive.
- Stress resistant.
- A fast learner.
- Not afraid to take initiatives.
- A problem solver.
- Fluent in both written and spoken communication.
- An analytical thinker.
- Open for an internship of min. 6 months, starting from July 2026

## ✅ BENEFITS

- 👉Hands-on experience at the biggest e-commerce flash sale player in the Benelux.
- 👉A challenging internship with lots of opportunities to learn.
- 👉The chance to be part of a young, dynamic and committed Marketing team.
- 👉 Hybrid working; minimum 3 days on site and up to 2 days at home.
- 👉 Flexible working hours.
- 👉 Online language learning Platform.

## ❓ TEAM, WHO WE ARE ?

- We are an operational data driven marketing project team working on the execution of different strategic marketing projects. With as main goals:
- ensuring the best customer journey by making the platform as relevant as possible and answering to the needs of the customer.
- Growing our member base by acquiring new members and strengthening the customer relationship with our current member base

## ⚙️RECRUITMENT PROCESS

- 1️⃣ HR video interview
- 2️⃣ Hiring Manager interview
- 3️⃣ Merchandising test

All our positions are open to people with health conditions or impairments.

We are convinced that it is up to you to define the way you work, to develop yourself and to progress. At Veepee we guarantee that you can just be yourself! For the service of diversity and inclusion, Veepee is committed to reviewing all applications received on an equal basis.

🔗COMPANY

For more information about our ecosystem :  <https://careers.veepee.com/en/home-page-en/>

The Veepee Group processes your data collected as part of the management of your recruitment in order to manage your application file for the position for which you have applied. To find out more about our [personal data protection policy](https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vSo1RtdSKVW0sLLtdwWOSoM3PzGXfqS030q1JrdJXDuOJXfhVwx_YLrrQYJcLQUpA/pub), we invite you to consult it on our career site.