<div class="content-intro"><p>Intercom is the AI Customer Service company on a mission to help businesses provide incredible customer experiences.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Our AI agent Fin, the most advanced customer service AI agent on the market, lets businesses deliver always-on, impeccable customer service and ultimately transform their customer experiences for the better. Fin can also be combined with our Helpdesk to become a complete solution called the Intercom Customer Service Suite, which provides AI enhanced support for the more complex or high touch queries that require a human agent.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Founded in 2011 and trusted by nearly 30,000 global businesses, Intercom is setting the new standard for customer service. Driven by our core values, we push boundaries, build with speed and intensity, and consistently deliver incredible value to our customers.</p></div><h2><strong>What's the opportunity?</strong></h2>
<p>At Intercom, you will be a product engineer - someone who solves real customer problems through a smart and efficient application of your technical knowledge and your tools. You’ll be part of one of our multidisciplinary product teams, where you will build both back-end and front-end systems, and work closely with designers, product managers, researchers, and data analysts.</p>
<p>We’re facing many exciting scaling challenges and we’re building a robust platform where your expertise can be applied to areas such as building a beautiful messenger composer, rule matching, deliverability, security, app availability and machine learning, to name a few.</p>
<p>We are looking for a Senior Engineer to join the team that builds and maintains a wide range of APIs and core services that support customer data management and integrations. We empower our customers and developers to move their data to best leverage our AI Agent, including Intercom’s MCP functionality.</p>
<p>Our team also manages strategic integrations with apps like Salesforce, Stripe, Shopify, and others, ensuring seamless data synchronization across external systems.</p>
<h2><strong>What will I be doing?</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Contribute to all phases of software development including ideation, prototyping, design and implementation.</li>
<li>Collaborate with Product, Design, and Partnerships teams to ensure our data services meet business needs and provide a great developer experience.</li>
<li>Design, develop, and maintain Intercom’s APIs, making sure they are feature rich, performant, robust, and well documented.</li>
<li>Build and enhance our strategic integrations with apps like Salesforce, Stripe, and Shopify.</li>
<li>Implement systems to monitor what we have built, to detect and surface both bottlenecks and problems with queues, workers and data quality issues.</li>
<li>As a senior engineer, you will lead complex team level projects from ambiguous customer problems to delivered technical solutions.</li>
<li>Build using the best tools in the industry. We invest heavily in AI-powered developer tools that remove friction and help you focus on solving meaningful problems.</li>
<li>Play an active role in the hiring, mentoring, and career development of other engineers.</li>
<li>Raise the bar for technical standards, performance, reliability, and operational excellence across Intercom.</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>What skills do I need?</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>5+ years industry experience in a software engineering role. You can demonstrate significant impact that your work has had on the product and/or the team.</li>
<li>Deep knowledge of a high-level programming language (for example, Ruby, Python, Javascript etc.)</li>
<li>Proficient with standard software engineering methodologies, e.g. unit testing, object-oriented design, data structures, code reviews, design documentation, and utilising observability tooling.</li>
<li>Experience collaborating directly with product teams and designers, and a proven track record of delivering value to customers or users. Engineers at Intercom are pragmatists who work closely with others on cross-disciplinary teams</li>
<li>Understanding of modern web apps and distributed systems, along with an ability to articulate technical challenges and solutions.</li>
<li>Ability to learn quickly, iterate, unblock yourself, and persist until the right problem is solved.</li>
<li>Experience modeling data to solve problems in elegant and efficient ways</li>
<li>Experience with creating and consuming APIs and API documentation.</li>
<li>Some hands-on cloud provider experience (preferably AWS).</li>
<li>Strong problem-solving skills and a collaborative mindset.</li>
<li>Experience as a technical lead for team level projects</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Benefits</strong></h2>
<p>We are a well treated bunch, with awesome benefits! If there’s something important to you that’s not on this list, talk to us!</p>
<ul>
<li>Competitive salary and equity in a fast-growing start-up</li>
<li>We serve lunch every weekday, plus a variety of snack foods and a fully stocked kitchen</li>
<li>Regular compensation reviews - we reward great work</li>
<li>Pension scheme &amp; match up to 4%</li>
<li>Peace of mind with life assurance, as well as comprehensive health and dental insurance for you and your dependents</li>
<li>Flexible paid time off policy</li>
<li>Paid maternity leave, as well as 6 weeks paternity leave for fathers, to let you spend valuable time with your loved ones</li>
<li>If you’re cycling, we’ve got you covered on the Cycle-to-Work Scheme. With secure bike storage too&nbsp;</li>
<li>MacBooks are our standard, but we also offer Windows for certain roles when needed.</li>
</ul>
<p>#LI-Hybrid</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>Policies&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>Intercom has a hybrid working policy. We believe that working in person helps us stay connected, collaborate easier and create a great culture while still providing flexibility to work from home. We expect employees to be in the office at least three days per week.</p>
<p>We have a radically open and accepting culture at Intercom. We avoid spending time on divisive subjects to foster a safe and cohesive work environment for everyone. As an organization, our policy is to not advocate on behalf of the company or our employees on any social or political topics out of our internal or external communications. We respect personal opinion and expression on these topics on personal social platforms on personal time, and do not challenge or confront anyone for their views on non-work related topics. Our goal is to focus on doing incredible work to achieve our goals and unite the company through our <a href="https://www.intercom.com/careers">core values</a>.&nbsp;&nbsp;</p>
<p>Intercom values diversity and is committed to a policy of Equal Employment Opportunity. Intercom will not discriminate against an applicant or employee on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, national origin, ancestry, sex, gender, age, physical or mental disability, veteran or military status, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, marital status, or any other legally recognized protected basis under federal, state, or local law.</p></div>