<p><strong>Req ID: </strong><strong> </strong><strong>FEQ326R178</strong></p>
<p><strong>Recruiter: </strong><strong> </strong><strong>Dina Hussain</strong></p>
<p><strong>Location: </strong><strong> </strong><strong>London, UK</strong></p>
<p>You will be the domain expert for Retail and Consumer Packaged Goods (RCG) within Databricks UK and Ireland, working in coordination with the Industry Leads within Databricks. In this role, you will set the vision, build executive relationships with customers and partners, and work with a cross-functional team across Databricks within Northern Europe. You must have a passion for how Data + AI will transform the RCG industry, be familiar with the unique challenges that global RCG companies face, and be effective at articulating your vision to audiences big and small.&nbsp;</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>As a Trusted Technology Leader for our customer in the Retail and Consumer Packaged Goods vertical, you provide technology guidance and orchestrate the interaction between the customer and Databricks resources to drive new opportunities, demand generation, digital transformation, and the mapping of industry/business scenarios to Databricks solutions. You ensure that Databricks is perceived as a technology leader and that our solutions (end-to-end) provide added value compared to the competition by being a trusted advisor to key decision-makers at the CxO level.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>At Databricks, our core values are at the heart of everything we do; creating a culture of proactiveness and a customer-centric mindset guides us to create a unified platform that makes data science and analytics accessible to everyone. We aim to inspire our customers to make informed decisions that push their business forward. We provide a user-friendly and intuitive platform that makes it easy to turn insights into action and fosters a culture of creativity, experimentation, and continuous improvement. You will be an essential part of this mission, using your technical expertise to demonstrate how our Lakehouse Platform can help customers solve their complex data challenges. You'll work with a collaborative, customer-focused team that values innovation and creativity, using your skills to create customised solutions to help our customers achieve their goals and guide their businesses forward. Join us in our quest to change how people work with data and make a better world!&nbsp;</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>Reporting to the Manager, Field Engineering.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>The impact you will have:</strong>&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>Be a thought leader within our global Retail and Consumer Packaged Goods community</li>
<li>You will influence stakeholders at all levels through complex engagements with the wider cloud ecosystem and third party applications, ensuring they are excited by the Databricks vision and solution strategy.</li>
<li>Working closely with with the Strategic or Global Account executives, leveraging our large, multi-functional team, lead internal teams to provide analyses and architect solutions for the customer. Hold accountability as a strategic link between Databricks and the customer for identifying a pathway for strategic efforts and resources necessary for building a technology strategy.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Technology Sales Leadership – Lead technology thought leadership and technology sales activities to drive the customer’s digital transformation vision and roadmap with Databricks. ​ Orchestrate the extended team, leading customer joint envisioning sessions, to bring the best of Databricks technology to help the customer achieve their digital goals.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Cultivate relationships - and solutions - with the partner ecosystem, including SIs, ISVs, and Data Collaboration partners.</li>
<li>Collaborate with marketing to develop RCG content, collateral, and demand-generation plans.</li>
<li>Digital Transformation Strategy – Own the relationship with C-level technology/innovation executives at the customer and build relationships with business leaders to achieve their business and technology outcomes. Understand the customer’s business goals, solution areas, and partner solutions to build a technology roadmap, enabling the customer’s innovation agenda through the utilisation of our technologies.&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>What we look for:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Minimum 5 years of experience working as a senior leader or executive in the Retail and Consumer Packaged Goods vertical (directly in industry and/or deep experience working as a vendor to the industry)</li>
<li>Intimate knowledge of the technology landscape in the RCG industry</li>
<li>Experience driving data transformation projects change at a large RCG company, with a strong understanding of how large RCG firms make decisions, and an ability to influence that decision-making process.</li>
<li>Prior experience in acting as the Technology Leader for the customer and&nbsp; "go-to" person in established, long-term relationships with technical and/or business decision-makers at the Chief X Officer (CxO) level at the customer.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Ability to innovate technical solutions to achieve customers’ business transformation and achieve account growth targets, by leveraging technology and industry knowledge to deliver digital solutions to accelerate the customer's digital vision.</li>
<li>Proactively builds and maintains a strong knowledge of the Retail and Consumer Packaged Goods industry, associated business strategy, and key industry partners and solutions.</li>
<li>Coordinates with internal and external industry experts to gather industry knowledge to improve customer outcomes.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Strong knowledge of key regulations in the Retail and Consumer Packaged Goods industry, with a particular focus on European regulations.</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>About Databricks</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-family: arial, sans-serif;">Databricks is the data and AI company. More than 10,000 organizations worldwide — including Comcast, Condé Nast, Grammarly, and over 50% of the Fortune 500 — rely on the Databricks Data Intelligence Platform to unify and democratize data, analytics and AI. Databricks is headquartered in San Francisco, with offices around the globe and was founded by the original creators of Lakehouse, Apache Spark™, Delta Lake and MLflow. To learn more, follow Databricks on&nbsp;<span style="color: rgb(255, 54, 33);"><a style="color: rgb(255, 54, 33);" href="https://twitter.com/databricks" target="\_blank" data-saferedirecturl="https://www.google.com/url?q=https://twitter.com/databricks&amp;source=gmail&amp;ust=1700237575733000&amp;usg=AOvVaw03FL8fJvOD97ytN02f5G2C">Twitter</a>,&nbsp;<a style="color: rgb(255, 54, 33);" href="https://www.linkedin.com/company/databricks" target="\_blank" data-saferedirecturl="https://www.google.com/url?q=https://www.linkedin.com/company/databricks&amp;source=gmail&amp;ust=1700237575733000&amp;usg=AOvVaw15dLk3q8VxTfHEgCUg7NSt">LinkedIn</a>&nbsp;<span style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0);">and</span>&nbsp;<a style="color: rgb(255, 54, 33);" href="https://www.facebook.com/databricksinc" target="\_blank" data-saferedirecturl="https://www.google.com/url?q=https://www.facebook.com/databricksinc&amp;source=gmail&amp;ust=1700237575733000&amp;usg=AOvVaw39EcncitnlqV72EG2-RqXJ">Facebook</a></span>.<br><br><strong>Benefits<br><br></strong></span>At Databricks, we strive to provide comprehensive benefits and perks that meet the needs of all of our employees. For specific details on the benefits offered in your region click <a href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/154un3e8Xav4BceOSlcYFZRGEuQI54xMxVydRwQn54eQ/edit?usp=sharing">here</a>.<br><br></p>
<p><strong>Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion</strong></p>
<p>At Databricks, we are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive culture where everyone can excel. We take great care to ensure that our hiring practices are inclusive and meet equal employment opportunity standards. Individuals looking for employment at Databricks are considered without regard to age, color, disability, ethnicity, family or marital status, gender identity or expression, language, national origin, physical and mental ability, political affiliation, race, religion, sexual orientation, socio-economic status, veteran status, and other protected characteristics.</p>
<p><strong>Compliance</strong></p>
<p><strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">If access to export-controlled technology or source code is required for performance of job duties, it is within Employer's discretion whether to apply for a U.S. government license for such positions, and Employer may decline to proceed with an applicant on this basis alone.</span></strong></p></div>