<h2><strong>About the opportunity</strong></h2>
<p>We have an exciting opportunity to join the N26 Executive Office as an Administrator in the&nbsp;Corporate Governance Team.</p>
<p><strong>Objectives</strong></p>
<p>The Corporate Governance Administrator provides high-level administrative, organizational,&nbsp;and coordination support to the Corporate Governance team. This role ensures smooth&nbsp;day-to-day operations through precise calendar and meeting management, confidential&nbsp;communications handling, action tracking, maintaining decision- and minute registers, and&nbsp;ad hoc administrative support. The role requires exceptional organization, discretion, and&nbsp;proactive problem-solving.</p>
<h2><strong>In this role, you will be responsible for:</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Meeting administration for the committees managed by the Corporate Governance team, including:</li>
<ul>
<li>Managing the annual meeting calendar, including scheduling, confirmations, and follow-ups, as well as ensuring the meeting invitations are updated.</li>
<li>Coordinating all meeting logistics, including booking meeting rooms and venues, organizing printing and distribution of materials (also through the board tool), and overseeing the technical setup for meetings in the office.</li>
<li>Support meeting preparation through document coordination and post-meeting administrative follow-up.</li>
</ul>
<li>Coordinating onboarding calendars for new committee members, including induction sessions, meetings, and briefings.</li>
<li>Support special projects and urgent administrative matters as needed, including where support is required in responding to audit requests related to the Supervisory Board.</li>
<li>Maintaining an annual register for training completed and conferences attended by members of the Management Board, including supporting the scheduling of deep dives and workshops, as requested.</li>
<li>Coordinating the annual review cycle for all policies and procedures owned by the Corporate Governance team.</li>
<li>Maintaining the weekly team meeting agenda and coordinating follow up actions.</li>
<li>Supporting the coordination and uploads of evidence for audit requests.</li>
<li>Maintaining the Corporate Governance shared drive and ensuring that the structure is always up to date and that all key documents are appropriately maintained.</li>
</ul>
<p>As well as have the following responsibilities:</p>
<ul>
<li>Build and maintain strong relationships with all team members, internal stakeholders in other divisions or departments, as well as any relevant external clients or partners.</li>
<li>Report directly into the Corporate Governance Team within the Executive Office, ensuring seamless integration and alignment with executive support functions, while partnering with other members of the Corporate Governance Team in the N26 Executive Office and key stakeholders on driving efficiency and improved processes for the Executive Office, and support or step in when needed to ensure business continuity.</li>
<li>Maintain a close, proactive partnership with the Executive Assistants Team, serving as a critical operational link to ensure alignment with governance requirements and frameworks.</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>What you need to be successful:</strong></h2>
<p>Background:&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>At least two to four years of relevant work experience in a dynamic, fast-paced environment.</li>
<li>Strong curiosity and, ideally, experience in banking.</li>
<li>Previous experience in an administrative office, with project management experience being a plus.</li>
<li>Fluency in business-level English.</li>
<li>This is a hybrid role with the expectation to be in the office at least three days a week, though this may vary from time to time based on the needs of the executive.</li>
<li>We are seeking candidates based in Berlin.</li>
</ul>
<p>Skills:&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>Professional communicator, rapport and relationship builder, with exceptional emotional intelligence and the ability to maintain key relationships.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Competent at managing workflow, priorities, diaries and schedules for multiple persons, including yourself and the executive.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Level of integrity that is beyond reproach and be able to maintain confidences and corporate confidentiality without question, as well as professionalism with senior leaders.</li>
<li>Adept at quickly learning and understanding the roles and responsibilities of the Supervisory Board and others within the organization who support the N26 Executive Leadership Team.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Possess office software skills; written communication skills, including the drafting and editing of high-level documents; presentation preparation and design skills; financial numeracy.</li>
<li>Rational thinker with problem-solving capabilities and the ability to complete tasks and projects.</li>
<li>Adept at dealing with a variety of stakeholders and difficult situations.&nbsp;</li>
<li>You react with appropriate urgency to situations that require a quick turnaround and take effective action to continually improve the status quo.</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>What’s in it for you:</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Accelerate your career growth by joining one of Europe’s most talked about disruptors 🚀.</li>
<li>Employee benefits that range from a competitive personal development budget, work from home budget, discounts to fitness &amp; wellness memberships, language apps and public transportation.&nbsp;</li>
<li>As an N26 employee you will have access to a Premium subscription on your personal N26 bank account. As well as subscriptions for friends and family members.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;</li>
<li>Additional day of annual leave for each year of service.&nbsp;&nbsp;</li>
<li>A high degree of autonomy and access to cutting edge technologies - all while working with a friendly team of peers of diverse nationalities, experiences, and backgrounds.&nbsp;</li>
<li>A relocation package with visa support for those who need it.</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Who we are</strong></h2>
<p>N26 has reimagined banking for today’s digital world. Technology and design empower<a href="https://n26.com/en-eu/blog"> everything we do</a> and it’s how we are building the global banking platform the world loves to use.</p>
<p>We've eliminated physical branches, paperwork, and hidden fees for an elegant digital experience and supreme savings. Giving people the power to live and bank their way is what gets us out of bed in the morning and inspires the work that we do.&nbsp;</p>
<p>We are headquartered in Berlin with offices in multiple cities across Europe, including Vienna and Barcelona, and a 1,500-strong team of more than 80 nationalities.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Do you see yourself thriving in this role? </strong>We’d love to see your application even if you don’t meet 100% of the criteria. You may just be the right fit for this or other roles!</p>
<p><strong>Equal opportunities for all</strong></p>
<p>At N26, we believe our strength lies in our people and the varied perspectives they bring. We strive to build diverse teams that drive innovation and business success. We actively seek talent from all backgrounds and welcome applications from all genders, cultures, sexual orientations, abilities, neurodiversities, and ages.</p>
<p>We are committed to providing an excellent and accessible candidate experience. If you require any accommodations to make this process work for you, please let us know. We’re here to support you!</p>
<p>Discover more about Diversity &amp; Inclusion at N26:<a href="https://n26.com/en-eu/diversity-and-inclusion"> https://n26.com/en-eu/diversity-and-inclusion</a></p>