<div class="content-intro"><h2><span data-sheets-root="1">About Wolt</span></h2>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">At Wolt, we create technology that brings joy, simplicity and earnings to the neighborhoods of the world. In 2014 we started with delivery of restaurant food. Now we’re building the delivery of (almost) everything and you’ll find us in over 500 cities in 30 countries around the world. In 2022 we joined forces with DoorDash and together we keep on dreaming big and expanding across the globe.<br><br>Working at Wolt isn’t always easy, but it’s definitely exciting. Here you’ll learn more, build more, and ship more than in most other companies. You’ll be challenged a lot, but also have a lot of fun on the way. So, if you’re a self-starter with drive and entrepreneurial spirit, this could be the ride of your life.</span></p></div><p>At Wolt, you can grow your sales career with a fun and fast-scaling global business. Part of the DoorDash team, we’re building a global logistics platform that can deliver (almost) everything in your city, to your door in minutes. Today, our products are used by 55+ million registered users who can now order from 200,000+ restaurants and retail stores across 30+ countries around the world.</p>
<h2>What you’ll be doing</h2>
<p>As the Regional Retail Operations Excellence Specialist, you will be the subject-matter expert driving operational excellence across <strong>Georgia, Kazakhstan, and Azerbaijan</strong>. Your goal is to improve our partners’ Perfect Order Fulfillment Ratio (POFR) by reducing Orders with Unfulfilled Items (UFI) and Merchant Cancellations.</p>
<p>You will build connections and deep knowledge up from the venue-level, support Account Managers in ops excellence topics, and act as the bridge between stores, Wolt, and your regional counterparties.</p>
<h3><strong>Day-to-day in this role you’ll:</strong></h3>
<p><strong>Operational Projects</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Manage local rollout of global initiatives and new operational products and processes (e.g. substitutions, inventory adjustments, Picker Application updates) and ensure partner readiness</li>
<li>Run pilots and share learnings globally to improve picking efficiency, inventory management and item data quality</li>
<li>Conceptualize and project manage initiatives that will improve country and partner operational efficiency and fulfillment reliability (picker incentive programmes, implementation of picking routes etc)</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Performance Management</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Track and analyse Perfect Order Fulfillment Ratio, and its most important sub-drivers</li>
<li>Identify root causes for low operational performance and define actionable improvement plans together with partners and their Account Managers</li>
<li>Distinguish between behavioural, process, and data/integration-driven performance issues</li>
<li>Lead recurring operational reviews with major merchants and follow up on agreed actions</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>In-Store Operations &amp; Training</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Build and maintain strong relationships with store managers and regional managers</li>
<li>Conduct regular store visits, staff training, and picker coaching making sure all venues are working based on best proven practices.&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Cross-Functional Collaboration</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Work closely with Regional Ops Heads, Product, Support and other functions on key topics like substitutions, data accuracy, and venue unavailability reduction</li>
<li>Influence merchant leadership to prioritize operational excellence alongside commercial goals</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Knowledge Sharing</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Document best practices, wins, and challenges efficiently in country forums</li>
<li>Support peers across regions by proactively sharing learnings including to leverage AI tools to scale your own expertise to other partners and countries</li>
</ul>
<h2>Our humble expectations&nbsp;</h2>
<ul>
<li>2-5 years of experience in retail, supply and operations management, account management or similar field roles in ecommerce</li>
<li>Strong analytical mindset; comfortable with data tools (Excel, Looker, or similar).</li>
<li>Excellent communication and stakeholder management skills; while having the ability to lead their own work and taking initiative</li>
<li>Hands-on, proactive, and comfortable working both on-site and cross-functionally online</li>
<li>Open for travel to Kazakhstan &amp; Azerbaijan (70% of time)&nbsp;</li>
<li>Fluent in English, Russian and Georgian&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<h2>Why you’ll love it</h2>
<ul>
<li><strong>🚀Global and growing fast: </strong>Be part of a fast-moving scaleup</li>
<li><strong>🤩Ride of a lifetime: </strong>Accelerate your career and build your sales skills&nbsp;</li>
<li><strong>💪Instant impact: </strong>Take ownership and make a difference</li>
<li><strong>💙Big hearts and small egos: </strong>Surround yourself with smart, friendly people</li>
</ul>
<h2>Next steps</h2>
<p>If you are excited about working in a high-growth environment, taking ownership, and being part of an extremely ambitious team, then click below to apply, make sure to add your CV and get the conversation going!&nbsp;</p>
<p>We will be reviewing applications on an on-going basis. If this sounds like an opportunity you want to pursue, apply today!&nbsp; 💙</p>
<p><iframe src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/GoL541\_xj9w" width="560" height="314"></iframe></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p><div class="content-conclusion"><h2><span data-sheets-root="1">Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion</span></h2>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">We’re committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. That’s why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.</span></p></div>