**Why We're Here:**  
At Brave Health, we are driven by a deep commitment to transform lives by expanding access to compassionate, high-quality mental health care. By harnessing the power of technology, we break down barriers and bring mental health treatment directly to those who need it most—wherever they are. As a community health-centered organization, we are dedicated to ensuring that no one is left behind. Nearly 1 in 4 people in the U.S. receive healthcare through Medicaid, yet two-thirds of providers don’t accept it. Brave Health is stepping up to close this gap by making mental health care accessible, affordable, and life-changing for all.

## **Job description**

We are looking for **full-time Associate Therapists to join our team and provide outpatient services through our telehealth program!**

**Benefits: Our team works 100% remotely from their own homes!**

* W2, Full-time
* Monday - Friday schedule; No weekends! Shift options include **10am-7pm and 11am-8pm Eastern**
* Comprehensive benefits package including PTO, medical, dental, vision benefits along with liability insurance covered and **annual stipend for growth & education opportunities**
* Additional compensation offered to bilingual candidates (Spanish)!
* We not only partner with commercial health plans, but are also a licensed Medicaid and Medicare provider and see patients across the lifespan

**Requirements:**

* Master's level degree and licensure
* Candidates must have unrestricted authorization to work in the United States that does not require employer sponsorship now or in the future. At this time, we are unable to support employment authorization tied to temporary or employer-dependent visa statuses.
* Work from home space must have privacy for patient safety and HIPAA purposes
* Fluency in English, Spanish preferred; proficiency in other languages a plus

**Skills:**

* Knowledge of mental health and/or substance abuse diagnosis
* Treatment planning
* Comfortable with utilizing technology at all points of the day, including telehealth software, video communication, and internal communication tools
* Experience working in partnership with clients to achieve goals
* Ability to utilize comprehensive assessments

*Ready to apply? Here’s what to expect next:*

*It’s important to our team that we review your application and get back to you with next steps quickly. To help streamline the process and make the most of your time, we’ll send a brief questionnaire after you apply. This will gather some baseline information and help ensure a more productive conversation with our team.*

*If there is a mutual fit, we’ll match you with the right senior recruiter to move forward in the process.*

***Brave Health is very proud of our diverse team who cares for a diverse population of patients. We are an equal opportunity employer and encourage all applicants from every background and life experience to apply.***

  
  
Please mention the word \*\*BEAUTIFULLY\*\* and tag RNzkuMTU4LjE4Ni4yMzg= when applying to show you read the job post completely (#RNzkuMTU4LjE4Ni4yMzg=). This is a beta feature to avoid spam applicants. Companies can search these words to find applicants that read this and see they're human.