<p data-pos="0">At JetBrains, code is our passion. Ever since we started, back in 2000, we have been striving to make the most effective developer tools on earth. Our tools speed up production by automating routine checks and corrections, freeing developers to grow, discover, and create.</p>
<p data-pos="274">The Business Applications Development team is a vital integrational hub within JetBrains. We are focused on supporting businesses by automating sales flow and license management, as well as by developing other internal and external services. We ensure the completeness, continuity, and high quality of JetBrains’ sales and licensing processes. Our solutions are a family of web applications written mostly in Kotlin.</p>
<p data-pos="692">We are currently looking for a Senior QA Engineer to join the team and support our efforts.</p>
<h3 id="as-part-of-our-team-you-will" data-pos="789"><strong data-pos="791">As part of our team, you will:</strong>&nbsp;</h3>
<ul data-pos="825">
<li data-pos="825">Design, improve, and execute test scenarios for new and existing functionalities.</li>
<li data-pos="909">Use an exploratory testing approach on a daily basis.</li>
<li data-pos="965">Investigate, identify, and reproduce complex issues reported by users.</li>
<li data-pos="1038">Participate in discussions about new projects and review feature requirements.</li>
<li data-pos="1119">Communicate closely with your teammates and other teams to find optimal solutions.</li>
</ul>
<h3 id="well-be-happy-to-have-you-on-our-team-if-you" data-pos="1209"><strong data-pos="1211">We’ll be happy to have you on our team if you:</strong>&nbsp;</h3>
<ul data-pos="1261">
<li data-pos="1261">Have at least 3 years (preferred) of experience in web applications or SaaS testing (white box).</li>
<li data-pos="1348">Have good knowledge of browser tools such as DevTools, Postman, and various code sniffers.</li>
<li data-pos="1441">Can read and write code in Java/Kotlin.</li>
<li data-pos="1483">Are comfortable writing complex SQL queries to get the data you need.</li>
<li data-pos="1555">Strive to clearly understand the architecture of the applications you test.</li>
<li data-pos="1633">Understand web application security mechanisms.</li>
<li data-pos="1683">Are capable of working with different processes and in varied environments.</li>
<li data-pos="1761">Are open to other points of view and can reasonably defend your own.</li>
<li data-pos="1832">Adhere to the principle that decisions should be based on facts.</li>
</ul>
<h3 id="well-be-especially-thrilled-if-you" data-pos="1904"><strong data-pos="1906">We’ll be especially thrilled if you:</strong>&nbsp;</h3>
<ul data-pos="1946">
<li data-pos="1946">Have a basic understanding of containerization principles.</li>
<li data-pos="2007">Can easily use \*nix command tools like man, grep, find, sed, netstat, and awk</li>
</ul>
<div>
<p><strong>We'd be especially thrilled if you:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Have experience working with VSCode.</li>
<li>Are familiar with IntelliJ IDEA.</li>
<li>Have experience building automated testing infrastructure and processes.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Why join JetBrains?</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Strong base salary. We offer competitive pay that reflects your skills and experience.</li>
<li>Flexible work location. Enjoy the freedom to work from home or from the office.</li>
<li>Remote work. Spend up to 30 days per year working remotely from abroad.</li>
<li>Extra time off. More days to relax, recharge, and do the things you love.</li>
<li>Medical insurance allowance. Enjoy peace of mind for you and your family.</li>
<li>Learning and development opportunities. Access to conferences, courses, and language classes.</li>
<li>Relocation support. We help make your move as smooth and stress-free as possible.</li>
<li>Language classes. Pick up the local language or sharpen your English skills.</li>
<li>Fuel your day. Enjoy a hot meal or receive a lunch allowance on workdays.</li>
<li>Mental health support. To help you feel your best, we provide easy access to professional mental health services.</li>
<li>Sports benefit. Enjoy an on-site gym or sports club stipend.</li>
<li>Internal events. Join company-wide celebrations and team gatherings.</li>
</ul>
<p>\*Some benefits may vary depending on location.</p>
</div>
<div>
<p><br><br><span style="color: rgb(255, 255, 255);">#LI-DNI&nbsp;</span></p>
</div>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><span style="color: rgb(255, 255, 255);">#LI-DNI</span></p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>We are an equal opportunity employer</strong><br><br>We know great ideas can come from anyone, anywhere. That’s why we do our best to create an open and inclusive workplace – one that welcomes everyone regardless of their background, identity, religion, age, accessibility needs, or orientation.</p>
<p><em data-stringify-type="italic">We process the data provided in your job application in accordance with the <a href="https://www.jetbrains.com/legal/docs/privacy/privacy-recruitment/">Recruitment Privacy Policy.</a></em></p></div>