### **Proper AI is an AI-first accounting service built for property managers and real estate operators.**

By combining automation, technology, and a global team of accounting experts, we deliver faster, more accurate financial operations at scale.

We’re a team of builders, problem-solvers, and operators from around the world, working together to modernize one of the most critical functions in real estate.

Learn more at [Proper.ai](http://proper.ai)

**We’re seeking a General Accountant to join our team.**

Proper is seeking a General Accountant with a collaborative, positive, proactive attitude, strong communication skills, and the ability to thrive in a fast-paced environment that’s continuously evolving.

If that sounds like you and you’re excited by the idea of joining a world-class team that’s passionate about growing together, we look forward to hearing from you.

Proper is a San Francisco based tech startup. **This position will be based remotely in Colombia**

**Department: Accounting Operations**

Proper’s accounting department is the cornerstone of the company. They provide property management accounting services to all of our customers, performing everyday accounting functions like payables and receivables, as well as monthly processes that flow into the final financial statements for the end-users.

## Roles and Responsabilities

- Ensure correct processing of bank reconciliations (w/triple tie-outs) including unmatched transactions in the software.
- Process management fees, owner distributions/contributions, and owner financial statements.
- Completing move-in and move-out processes.
- Add new vendors into software for categorization and processing.
- Obtain proper documentation of W9 for all vendors for each client.
- Following all company protocols and SOPs to ensure quality of daily operations.
- Own the quality of processes for AP, AR, and bank reconciliations.
- For Appfolio clients, ensure all issues are cleared out of the financial diagnostic page on a weekly basis.

## Communication

- Interface with Senior Accountant and GAs to communicate processing needs.
- Escalate accounting related questions, inquiries, and blockers that impact processing to the Senior Accountant.
- Assist Senior Accountant in coaching AP Specialists and Data Entry personnel to improve the property accounting skills we use for client processing.

## Requirements

- Accounting bachelor's degree
- 3-5 years of experience in accounting roles
- Intermediate MS-office or Google Suite experience
- Advanced English

*Proper is proud to be an equal opportunity employer committed to creating a diverse environment to work by offering the same opportunities to all applicants regardless of gender, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, disability, national origins, marital status, or other characteristics. We base our talent search exclusively on competencies, abilities and potential.*