At Layup Parts our mission is to continually impress our customers. We are a startup utilizing the latest technology to reshape the composites industry by manufacturing high quality composite parts faster and more affordably than anyone else. Our customers are developing tomorrow's high tech products, and we are building technology to accelerate their success.

We value initiative and attitude and are building a team of outstanding individuals who take pride in their work, enjoy mentoring and learning from others, and are eager to tackle any challenge.

## You will work on:

- Designing molds and tools for customer parts with great documentation.
- Ply / kit generation from customer designs as well as projector data/programming.
- Customers production “cost down” and DFM efforts to help us scale and meet their needs as their quantities grow, owning their success.
- Be hands on with production to understand their issues and bottlenecks, find ways to make their job easier in scalable ways.

## Required:

- **Be awesome! Be the kind of person you want to work with!**
- In pursuit of a Bachelors or Masters Degree in Engineering.
- Some background/experience in composites manufacturing; e.g. from school project team, hobby, other work experience etc.
- Be proficient in a professional CAD suite (NX, SolidWorks, Catia, etc.) and be comfortable making professional drawings for manufacture.
- U.S. Persons status is required as this position needs to access export controlled data

## Preferred:

- Have proficient understanding of designing for Composites lamination, machining, and 3D printing.
- Have experience in other composites manufacturing methods like vacuum infusion (VARTM), compression molding, trapped rubber molding, and/or wet-layup.

Actual base salary will be based on several factors including but not limited to candidates relevant education, experience, knowledge and skill in the core subject matter of the position as well as relevant peripheral qualifications.

Layup Parts also offers equity option grants with most full time offers, as well as a highly competitive benefits including: medical, dental, vision, short and long-term disability and life insurance. We have a competitive PTO plan including paid holiday and vacation time, as well as leave policy.

Layup is an equal-opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will be treated with respect and receive equal consideration for employment without regard to race, color, creed, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, uniform service, Veteran status, age, or any other protected characteristic per federal, state, or local law, including those with a criminal history, in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable state and local laws, including the CA Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance.

ITAR Requirements - To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C. § 1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C. § 1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR [here](https://www.pmddtc.state.gov/?id=ddtc_kb_article_page&sys_id=24d528fddbfc930044f9ff621f961987).