## Your Mission

As a Senior Business Assistant, you will act as a trusted partner to the MBition executive and business leadership team, coordinating cross functional activities. Your responsibilities include managing high-level communications, coordinating information between departments, preparing decisions and organizing events with precision. You will handle confidential information, enable cross-functional collaboration, prepare and manage important data for the business.<br><br>Function will be reporting to CEO.

## Sneak preview of your future tasks

<strong>Essential responsibilities:</strong><ul><li>In close coordination with the Controlling team and Engineering Heads, you will be responsible for managing allocation records by addressing queries, updating records, generating reports, and presenting relevant data to stakeholders to ensure accuracy and integrity of business processes.</li><li>Handle information coordination for activities with external business partners, in collaboration with HR team and Engineering Managers.</li><li>Responsible for coordinating preparation activities, including the development of presentation materials, for company Shareholder meetings, all-employee meetings, and other corporate events. Close collaboration with Office Management for all-employee meetings. Preparation (incl. agenda and needed inputs), facilitation, documentation and follow-up action tracking of Strategic meetings and Workshops.</li><li>Oversee compliance action items within Engineering, ensuring alignment with gap analysis outcomes for applicable policies. Monitor obligatory training status for the complete Engineering organization.</li><li>Responsible for internal MBition Sofia news bulletin.</li><li>Help prioritize, streamline and collect needed inputs for CEO and CFO, regarding business decisions. Handle CEO office topics and activities. Prepare and document ExCom decisions. Handle confidential information with discretion and maintain a high level of professionalism.</li><li>Act as a liaison between cross-functional teams (Finance, HR, IT, Procurement, Engineering), C-level and Head level to ensure smooth operations and supportive team atmosphere.</li></ul><strong>Supporting responsibilities:</strong><ul><li>Supporting business travel organization and expense reports of the Leadership team. </li><li>Coordinate scheduling of cross-location meetings, workshops and events with Shareholders and key stakeholders.</li><li>Ensure internal and external communication to CEO office is functioning in case of CEO absence, business trips, etc.</li><li>Serve as additional point of contact for internal and external communications on behalf of the CEO.</li><li>Filling in for essential responsibilities of Office Manager, during planned absences.</li></ul>

## Your Profile

<ul><li>Excellent communication skills and a collaborative approach, ensuring cross-functional and cross-location teamwork.</li><li>Bachelor’s degree in business administration or a related field.</li><li>Exceptional organizational and time-management skills with the ability to manage multiple priorities.</li><li>4+ years of experience in an administrative role within corporate environment.</li><li>Ability to recognize topics that require strict confidentiality.</li><li>Advanced proficiency in Microsoft Office Suite (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook) and collaboration tools (Teams, SharePoint).</li><li>Strong problem-solving skills and ability to anticipate business needs and expectations.</li><li>Fluency in Bulgarian and English languages.</li></ul>

## Why us?

<ul><li>An international, interdisciplinary innovation lab, which is part of the Mercedes Benz Group AG.</li><li>Agile working methods and open feedback culture.</li><li>Flexible working hours, flexible scheme for working from home.</li></ul>

## Interested?

We look forward to receiving your complete application, including CV (in English) and relevant references with the following information:<ul><li>Job title and reference number</li><li>Salary expectations</li><li>Earliest start date</li></ul>You don't bring everything with you? Don't worry, MBition is proud of our diverse workforce and passionate about having MBitioneers from all backgrounds and perspectives. MBition is and always will be an equal opportunity employer. We are looking for employees who convince us above all with their personality and passionately motivated to join the team!You are welcome to contact our representative for severely disabled employees, Grigor Cekov (<a href="mailto:grigor.cekov@mercedes-benz.com">grigor.cekov@mercedes-benz.com</a>), who will support you in the further application process. Recruitment Notice: Due to high volumes of applications, only shortlisted candidates will be contacted.