<p>The Solutions Org drives customer acquisition and accelerates revenue growth through a mastery of strategic sales and Asana platform expertise. We are trusted advisors for our prospects and clients, driving Asana towards goals of Double the business in three years. Our team bridges the gaps between the voice of business and voice of customer, gathering first-party insights to fuel &amp; inspire further evolutions of our software platform, thereby enabling the world’s teams to work effortlessly today and on into the future. As an Enterprise Solutions Engineer, AI Studio, you'll be part of our specialized AI Solutions team supporting our customers and enabling our sales organization in the validation of Asana’s AI solutions (AI Studio and Asana Teammates). You'll leverage your understanding of AI technologies to translate business challenges into practical solutions, working closely with Account Executives, the core Asana Solution Engineers, as well as Product, Marketing, and Field Readiness.</p>
<p>This role is based in our London office with an office-centric hybrid schedule. The standard in-office days are Monday, Tuesday, and Thursday. Most Asanas have the option to work from home on Wednesdays. Working from home on Fridays depends on the type of work you do and the teams with which you partner. If you're interviewing for this role, your recruiter will share more about the in-office requirements.</p>
<h3><strong>What you’ll achieve</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Support the technical validation of Asana’s AI solutions, partnering with Account Executives and Solutions Engineers to build solutions that match our customers' pain points.</li>
<li>Build expertise in AI Studio/AI Teammates, Large Language Models, and Generative AI, effectively explaining technical concepts to various stakeholders.</li>
<li>Develop a deep understanding of customer needs and articulate how Asana’s AI solutions can address those pain points by presenting a solution and its business impact.</li>
<li>Conduct technical discussions and demonstrations that position our AI solutions within customers' technology landscape.</li>
<li>Be a storyteller and help customers imagine how they can use AI to transform their ways of working.</li>
<li>Build scalable solutions and content to support both large strategic deals as well as smaller discussions.</li>
<li>Gather customer feedback to provide insights to Product teams on AI Studio capabilities.</li>
<li>Deliver enablement content and training to support the broader revenue team in having meaningful AI-focused customer conversations.</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>About you</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>3+ years of experience in Solutions Consulting or similar customer-facing technical roles.</li>
<li>Demonstrates curiosity about AI tools and emerging technologies, with a willingness to learn and leverage them to enhance productivity, collaboration, or decision-making.</li>
<li>Understanding of AI LLMs and GPTs, and ability to articulate their business applications.</li>
<li>Familiarity with work management solutions and their value proposition.</li>
<li>Proven ability to effectively influence senior-level decision-makers.</li>
<li>Experience supporting strategic deals and handling common product objections.</li>
<li>Proficiency in developing product demonstrations, including designing and presenting from decks, briefs, and whiteboards.</li>
<li>Strong communication skills to explain technical concepts to diverse audiences.</li>
<li>Adaptable to working in fast-paced environments with changing priorities.</li>
</ul>
<p>At Asana, we're committed to building teams that include a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, and skills, as this is critical to helping us achieve our mission. If you're interested in this role and don't meet every listed requirement, we still encourage you to apply.</p>
<h3><strong>What we’ll offer</strong></h3>
<p>Our comprehensive compensation package plays a big part in how we recognize you for the impact you have on our path to achieving our mission. We believe that compensation should be reflective of the value you create relative to the market value of your role. To ensure pay is fair and not impacted by biases, we're committed to looking at market value which is why we check ourselves and conduct a yearly pay equity audit.</p>
<p>For this role, the estimated base salary range is between £98,000.00-£115,500.00. The actual base salary will vary based on various factors, including market and individual qualifications objectively assessed during the interview process. The listed range above is a guideline, and the base salary range for this role may be modified.</p>
<p>In addition to base salary, your compensation package may include additional components such as equity, sales incentive pay (for most sales roles), and benefits. If you're interviewing for this role, speak with your recruiter to learn more about the total compensation and benefits for this role.</p>
<p>We strive to provide equitable and competitive benefits packages that support our employees worldwide and include:</p>
<ul>
<li>Mental health, wellness &amp; fitness benefits</li>
<li>Career coaching &amp; support</li>
<li>Inclusive family building benefits</li>
<li>Long-term savings or retirement plans</li>
<li>In-office culinary options to cater to your dietary preferences</li>
</ul>
<p>These are just some of the benefits we offer, and benefits may vary based on role, country, and local regulations. If you're interviewing for this role, speak with your recruiter to learn more about the total compensation and benefits for this role.</p>
<p>#LI-Hybrid&nbsp;</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>About us</strong></p>
<p data-pm-slice="1 1 []">Asana is a leading platform for human + AI collaboration. Millions of teams around the world rely on Asana to achieve their most important goals, faster. Asana has been named to Fortune's Best Workplaces for 7+ years and recognized by Fast Company, Forbes, and Gartner for excellence in workplace culture and innovation. We offer an exceptional office-centric culture while adopting the best elements of hybrid models to ensure that every one of our global team members can work together effortlessly. With 13+ offices all over the world, we are always looking for individuals who care about building technology that drives positive change in the world and a culture where everyone feels that they belong.</p>
<p data-pm-slice="1 1 []"><strong><a class="LinkThemeablePresentation LinkPrimaryPresentation LinkPrimaryPresentation--sentimentSelected PrimaryLink HighlightSol HighlightSol--core HighlightSol--buildingBlock" href="https://www.gem.com/form?formID=fbcdec8c-3442-43b9-9b45-d2b5f4ea25db" target="\_blank">Join Asana’s Talent Network</a></strong>&nbsp;to stay up to date on job opportunities and life at Asana.</p></div>