<p>Canonical is a leading provider of open source software and operating systems to the global enterprise and technology markets. Our platform, Ubuntu, is very widely used in breakthrough enterprise initiatives such as public cloud, data science, AI, engineering innovation, and IoT. Our customers include the world's leading public cloud and silicon providers, and industry leaders in many sectors. The company is a pioneer of global distributed collaboration, with 1200+ colleagues in 75+ countries and very few office-based roles. Teams meet two to four times yearly in person, in interesting locations around the world, to align on strategy and execution.</p>
<p>The company is founder-led, profitable, and growing.</p>
<p>We are hiring a Software Engineer for Ceph &amp; Distributed Storage.&nbsp;As part of Cloud Engineering, you’ll be building modelling software to drive systems such as OpenStack, Ceph, and Kubernetes with a focus on distributed storage and Ceph. You’ll be engineering solutions to scale in production, working with our field teams to ensure we’re meeting the needs of customers looking to adopt cutting-edge technology.</p>
<p>Applicants should be passionate about the future of the software defined datacenter, distributed systems, and open source. Canonical is a globally distributed team of engineers who share that passion, and you will need to work well in that context. Engineers who thrive at Canonical are mindful of the dynamics of the open source ecosystem, and equally aware of the needs of large, innovative organizations. <br>This job involves international travel several times a year, usually for one week at a time.</p>
<p><strong>Location:</strong><span style="font-weight: 400;"> This role will be based remotely in EMEA or the Americas regions</span></p>
<h2><span style="font-weight: 400;">What your day will look like</span></h2>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: 400;">Write high quality, rigorously designed Python and Golang software</li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Collaborate proactively with a globally distributed team</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Debug issues and produce high quality code to fix them</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Contribute to technical documentation that define best practices for authoring high quality operators&nbsp;</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Discuss ideas and collaborate on finding good solutions</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;">Develop and maintain software for delivery, operations and life-cycle management of Ceph storage</li>
</ul>
<h2><span style="font-weight: 400;">What we are looking for in you</span></h2>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">You have a Bachelor’s or equivalent in Computer Science, STEM or similar degree</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">You have experience with writing modern, maintainable Python</span></li>
<li>You have experience with Ceph storage</li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;">You love technology and working with brilliant people</li>
<li>You are curious, flexible, articulate, and accountable</li>
<li>You value soft skills and are passionate, enterprising, thoughtful, and self-motivated</li>
<li>You have interest and experience with two or more of the following: Linux, Kubernetes, Public cloud, OpenStack, LXC/LXD, Python, Go,&nbsp;Debian packaging</li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">&nbsp;An exceptional academic track record from both high school and preferably university</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">&nbsp;Willingness to travel up to 4 times a year for internal events</span></li>
</ul>
<h2><span style="font-weight: 400;">Additional skills that you might also bring</span></h2>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: 400;">Experience operating Ceph clusters in production</li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;">Experience with open source distributed storage such as Gluster, Minio, Mayastor or similar</li>
</ul>
<h2><span style="font-weight: 400;">What we offer you</span></h2>
<p>We consider geographical location, experience, and performance in shaping compensation worldwide. We revisit compensation annually (and more often for graduates and associates) to ensure we recognise outstanding performance. In addition to base pay, we offer a performance-driven annual bonus. We provide all team members with additional benefits, which reflect our values and ideals. We balance our programs to meet local needs and ensure fairness globally.</p>
<ul>
<li>Distributed work environment with twice-yearly team sprints in person - we’ve been working remotely since 2004!</li>
<li>Personal learning and development budget of USD 2,000 per year</li>
<li>Annual compensation review</li>
<li>Recognition rewards</li>
<li>Annual holiday leave</li>
<li>Maternity and paternity leave</li>
<li>Employee Assistance Programme</li>
<li>Opportunity to travel to new locations to meet colleagues from your team and others</li>
<li>Priority Pass for travel and travel upgrades for long haul company events</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>About Canonical</strong></h2>
<p>Canonical is a pioneering tech firm at the forefront of the global move to open source. As the company that publishes Ubuntu, one of the most important open-source projects and the platform for AI, IoT, and the cloud, we are changing the world of software. We recruit on a global basis and set a very high standard for people joining the company. We expect excellence; in order to succeed, we need to be the best at what we do. Most colleagues at Canonical have worked from home since our inception in 2004.​ Working here is a step into the future and will challenge you to think differently, work smarter, learn new skills, and raise your game.</p>
<h3><strong>Canonical is an equal opportunity employer</strong></h3>
<p>We are proud to foster a workplace free from discrimination. Diversity of experience, perspectives, and background create a better work environment and better products.<a href="https://canonical.com/careers/diversity/identity">&nbsp;Whatever your identity, we will give your application fair consideration.</a></p>
<p>#LI-remote</p>