**OUR STORY:**

🇪🇺 Join Scaleway and shape the sovereign cloud of tomorrow !

Since 1999, we have been designing secure, sustainable infrastructures aimed at supporting the most ambitious companies.

Historically known for our dedicated servers (Dedibox), we made a strategic shift to cloud computing in 2015. Staying true to our principles of simplicity, flexibility, and technical excellence, we have become one of the leading players in Europe in the sector.

With the rise of artificial intelligence, we have strengthened our commitment, supported by the Iliad Group, which is investing €3 billion to develop a serious, sovereign AI alternative to American and Asian giants.

Every day, thanks to our fast-growing portfolio of cloud and AI products (bare metal, containerization, serverless, AI, etc.), Scaleway proudly serves thousands of customer across the private and public sector, from corporations like France Télévisions or Hachette Livre, to fast-growing startups like Photoroom and Biolevate, to institutions like the City of Copenhagen.

📍 Our offices are located in **Paris, Lille, Toulouse, Rennes, Rouen, Bordeaux and Lyon.**

**WHY WE NEED YOU ?**

Our growth is driving us to strengthen our Block Storage team to support the launch of new features and the development of a complementary File Storage product. Your mission will be to design, develop and maintain scalable features on our storage offering in order to deliver a robust, performant, and sovereign alternative to existing cloud solutions.

**YOUR FUTURE TEAM** **:**

We work in a **collaborative and international** environment where the diversity of Scalers, combined with a spirit of sharing, helps bring new projects to life every day, advancing our ambitions together.

You will be part of a team of 6 people (5 Software Engineers + 1 EM), growing to 9. The team is responsible for the Block Storage product and the upcoming File Storage offer, with strong ambitions around NFS, NVMe over Fabric, and high-performance storage.

**YOUR DAILY ROUTINE :**

Tasks :

- Design and develop new features for our Block Storage product

- Maintain and improve existing functionality, ensuring high availability and performance

- Participate in the on-call rotation (Level 2 support)

- Contribute to product documentation and onboarding materials

- Collaborate with Data Center teams for hardware-related interventions

- Review peer code and provide constructive feedback

- Participate in team dailies and planning sessions

- Troubleshoot and resolve system-level issues

- Optimize performance and reliability of storage services

**ABOUT YOU:**

🎯 SOFTSKILLS :

🔧 Autonomy: You handle development confidently

🧠 Analytical Thinking: You simplify complex systems

🤝 Team Spirit: You share ideas openly

📚 Documentation: You ease onboarding for others

⚡ Reliability: You support critical on-call shifts

💻 HARDSKILLS :

**Ceph****(or Lustre, or similar solutions)**: You enhance distributed storage

**Go:**You build efficient tooling

**Linux Systems:** You work close to hardware

**PostgreSQL:** You manage relational databases

**Debugging:** You resolve real-world incidents

**WHAT YOU WILL FIND AT SCALEWAY ++++**

**Hybrid work:** We offer up to 3 days of remote work per week.

**Offices:** Our offices are spacious, dynamic workspaces with bold design, conveniently located near public transport. Most of our offices feature outdoor spaces (terraces) and bike parking facilities.

**Dining:** Our chef provides a healthy meal service at the headquarters, and breakfast is available across all our sites year-round. Scalers working from regional sites enjoy a Swile card for lunches.

**Well-being commitments:** Whether it’s access to a gym, daycare places, or discounted services for caring services, Scaleway is committed to supporting Scalers in maintaining a balanced life.

International environment: With dozens of nationalities, Scaleway offers a stimulating environment where English is as widely spoken as French.

**Career & Mobility:** Our managers value internal mobility, and opportunities to transition to other entities within the Iliad Group are accessible to all Scalers.

🚀**Why join the Scaleway adventure ?**

**✔ A rich and diverse product offering:** Scaleway offers over 100 public cloud products in IaaS, PaaS, and AI.

✔ **A cutting-edge technical environment:** Scaleway provides modern infrastructures, including high-performance bare metal servers, to tackle exciting technical challenges.

✔ **Commitment to responsible cloud:** Scaleway is dedicated to a more responsible cloud, with data centers powered solely by renewable energy since 2017, minimizing our ecological footprint and holding top-level certification.

🔜 **THE NEXT STEPS …**

- Screening (30 min)

- Manager interview with Johan Charpentier to understand your technical skills and approach to the role (45 min)

- Technical deep dive to validate your expertise (1h)

- Team fit interview to deepen your discussions and assess your fit with the team (45 min). On-site meeting to tour our offices and meet your future colleagues

Version en français : i[ci](https://job-desc.s3.fr-par.scw.cloud/CTO%20-%20Job%20Desc_Software%20Engineer%20Go_Block%20Storage_Storage_Engineering_Juillet%202025%20FR.docx)

Version Française : ici

*At Scaleway, we are committed to building an inclusive and respectful workplace where everyone has a fair opportunity to thrive.*

*All applications are considered with care, regardless of age, gender, sexual orientation, ethnic or social background, religion, disability, or any other characteristic.*

*We believe great ideas come from everywhere, and everyone which is why you should definitely apply.*