<div class="content-intro"><h2><span data-sheets-root="1">About Wolt</span></h2>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">At Wolt, we create technology that brings joy, simplicity and earnings to the neighborhoods of the world. In 2014 we started with delivery of restaurant food. Now we’re building the delivery of (almost) everything and you’ll find us in over 500 cities in 30 countries around the world. In 2022 we joined forces with DoorDash and together we keep on dreaming big and expanding across the globe.<br><br>Working at Wolt isn’t always easy, but it’s definitely exciting. Here you’ll learn more, build more, and ship more than in most other companies. You’ll be challenged a lot, but also have a lot of fun on the way. So, if you’re a self-starter with drive and entrepreneurial spirit, this could be the ride of your life.</span></p></div><p>Are you detail-oriented and enjoy working with data? Do you like solving problems and collaborating across teams? If so, we’d love to hear from you!</p>
<h2><strong>Role background</strong></h2>
<p>Our Merchant Services and Compliance Operations teams ensure Wolt meets regulatory requirements across all markets. As part of this, we’re strengthening our KYC/KYB processes to support scalable and compliant operations.</p>
<p>As a Merchant Compliance Administrator, you’ll review merchant information and make sure everything is accurate, complete, and compliant.</p>
<p>This role is based in Budapest, Hungary, and works closey with our in-market teams. We offer flexibility - the position is available full time, part-time (20 or 30 hours per week) and is also suitable for students, with a minimum commitment of 20 working hours per week.</p>
<h2>What you’ll be doing</h2>
<ul>
<li>Review and validate merchant-submitted KYC/KYB documents (e.g. ID, business details)</li>
<li>Check for accuracy and completeness based on internal guidelines</li>
<li>Flag missing or incorrect information for follow-up</li>
<li>Use internal tools to manage and track tasks</li>
<li>Support quality checks and maintain high data accuracy</li>
<li>Collaborate with Operations, Compliance, and Product teams&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<h2>Our humble expectations</h2>
<ul>
<li>1+ year of experience in operations, admin, compliance, data validation, or similar</li>
<li>Strong attention to detail and ability to work with structured data</li>
<li>Comfortable handling sensitive information</li>
<li>Able to follow processes and work accurately at scale</li>
<li>Experience with tools such as Google Workspace or similar</li>
<li>Good organizational and time management skills</li>
<li>Clear communication and collaboration skills</li>
<li>Fluent in English (additional languages are a plus)</li>
<li>You have the right to work in Hungary</li>
<li>Nice to have: basic understanding of legal or business documents</li>
</ul>
<h2>What we offer</h2>
<ul>
<li>🌍 Independent work in a dynamic, international team</li>
<li>💳 SZÉP-card\*&nbsp;</li>
<li>🏥 Private health insurance\*&nbsp;</li>
<li>🏋️ All You Can Move card (self-financed)\*&nbsp;</li>
<li>💙 Employee Assistance Programme - therapy and wellbeing\*&nbsp;</li>
<li>% Discount on your Wolt orders\*&nbsp;</li>
<li>👶 Extended parental leave for fathers: 16 weeks total\*&nbsp;</li>
<li>💻 Modern work equipment</li>
<li>🫶 Volunteer day&nbsp;</li>
<li>🍿 Snacks &amp; drinks in the office</li>
</ul>
<p>🎓 Please note: Student contracts work a bit differently, benefits marked with \* are available only to non-student employees</p>
<p>If you are excited about working in a high-growth environment, taking ownership, and being part of an extremely ambitious team, then click below to apply and get the conversation going!</p>
<p><iframe src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/GoL541\_xj9w" width="560" height="314"></iframe></p><div class="content-conclusion"><h2><span data-sheets-root="1">Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion</span></h2>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">We’re committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. That’s why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.</span></p></div>