<div class="content-intro"><p><strong>Secure Every Identity, from AI to Human<br><br></strong>Identity is the key to unlocking the potential of AI. Okta secures AI by building the trusted, neutral infrastructure that enables organizations to safely embrace this new era. This work requires a relentless drive to solve complex challenges with real-world stakes. We are looking for builders and owners who operate with speed and urgency and execute with excellence.<br><br>This is an opportunity to do career-defining work. We're all in on this mission. If you are too, let's talk.</p></div><div class="p-rich\_text\_section">
<p>At Okta, our motto is "Always On"&nbsp; and nowhere do we embrace that more than in Technical Operations. We strive to build the most reliable and performant systems on the planet through the skillful use of automation. If you like to be challenged and have a passion for solving large-scale automation, testing, and tuning problems, we would love to hear from you. The ideal candidate is someone who exemplifies the ethics of, “If you have to do something more than once, automate it” and who can rapidly self-educate on new concepts and tools.</p>
<p><strong>You will work on:</strong><br>● Mentoring, managing, and leading a team of SRE’s with a broad range of expertise and&nbsp;experience.<br>● Being an evangelist and advocate for security best practices, leading initiatives and&nbsp;projects to strengthen our security posture for our most critical infrastructure.<br>● Responding to production incidents, driving us to remediation as quickly as possible and determining how we can prevent them in the future.<br>● Triaging and troubleshooting complex production issues to ensure reliability and&nbsp;performance.<br>● Working closely with our stakeholders across the organization to ensure our new&nbsp;capabilities are aligned to our competing constraints of reliability, security, and delivery&nbsp;velocity.<br>● Partnering directly with recruiting and people ops to hire and retain the best talent in the&nbsp;world.<br>● Keep sharp eyes on our metrics, including vulnerability scanning and security posture,&nbsp;cloud spend, RPO and RTO, and toil overhead, and ensure our projects are driving our&nbsp;metrics in the right direction.<br>● Supporting a 24x7 online environment as part of an on-call rotation.</p>
<p><strong>You are an ideal candidate if you:</strong><br>● Are always willing to go the extra mile: see a problem, fix the problem.<br>● Are passionate about encouraging the development of engineering peers and leading by example.<br>● Have experience managing teams running large-scale production Java/Tomcat and&nbsp;containerized services in AWS (EC2, ECS, KMS, Kinesis, RDS) or other cloud providers.<br>● Have deep knowledge of CI/CD principles, Linux fundamentals, OS hardening,&nbsp;networking concepts, and IP protocols.</p>
<p><strong>Minimum Required Knowledge, Skills, Abilities, and Qualities:</strong><br>● 4+ years of experience managing SRE or SWE teams, ideally in a cloud native environment.<br>● 13+ years Strong leadership, communication, and project management skills.<br>● Strong security background and knowledge.<br>● BS In computer science (or equivalent experience).</p>
</div>
<p>#LI-Hybrid</p>
<p>P19336\_3419925</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong><br>The Okta Experience</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><a href="http://rewards.okta.com">Supporting Your Well-Being</a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="https://www.okta.com/company/okta-for-good/">Driving Social Impact&nbsp;</a></li>
<li><a href="https://www.okta.com/company/talent-connection-community/">Developing Talent and Fostering Connection + Community</a></li>
</ul>
<p>We are intentional about connection. Our global community, spanning over 20 offices worldwide, is united by a drive to innovate. Your journey begins with an immersive, in-person onboarding experience designed to accelerate your impact and connect you to our mission and team from day one.<br><br>Okta is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, marital status, age, physical or mental disability, or status as a protected veteran. We also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and convictions records, consistent with applicable laws.<br><br>If reasonable accommodation is needed to complete any part of the job application, interview process, or onboarding please&nbsp;<a href="https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1EfiEYZrIyhA2X4Fijk0R3RKYOzNoS3wtvyM4nhbZnXE/edit">use this Form</a> to request an accommodation.<br><br>Notice for New York City Applicants &amp; Employees: Okta may use Automated Employment Decision Tools (AEDT), as defined by New York City Local Law 144, that use artificial intelligence, machine learning, or other automated processes to assist in our recruitment and hiring process. In accordance with NYC Local Law 144, if you are an applicant or employee residing in New York City, please&nbsp;<a href="https://talent.okta.com/new-york-city-aedt-notice.html">click here</a> to view our full NYC AEDT Notice.<br><br>Okta is committed to complying with applicable data privacy and security laws and regulations. For more information, please see our Personnel and Job Candidate Privacy Notice at&nbsp;<a href="https://www.okta.com/legal/personnel-policy/">https://www.okta.com/legal/personnel-policy/</a>.</p></div>