<p>At Asana, we’re building collaboration software to help every team in the world become more effective in working together and realising their goals. Our Customer Success team is committed to helping customers adopt Asana as both a technology product and a holistic approach to teamwork. We strive to help all of our customers, across countries, industries, and functions, get off on the right foot and continue to get the most value out of Asana over time.</p>
<p>Our Portfolio Customer Success program drives adoption and retention across a broader customer base. We're looking for a Customer Success Manager (CSM) to partner with customers in our UKI, Northern Europe and Emerging markets<strong> </strong>on how to best leverage Asana to achieve their unique business objectives.&nbsp; Your engagements with customers, while time bound, will result in their increased satisfaction with and confidence in Asana as their organisation’s work management solution. Equipped with the knowledge of what it takes for customers to succeed with Asana, you will serve as a thought partner and lifeline to customers<strong>.</strong> To the entire Asana team, you’ll exemplify empathetic, customer-centricity.<span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p>This role is based in our Dublin office with an office-centric hybrid schedule. The standard in-office days are Monday, Tuesday, and Thursday. Most Asanas have the option to work from home on Wednesdays. Working from home on Fridays depends on the type of work you do and the teams with which you partner. If you're interviewing for this role, your recruiter will share more about the in-office requirements.</p>
<p><strong>What you’ll achieve:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Work with Asana customers across industries, functions, and stages of their customer journey in an assigned book of business</li>
<li>Drive customer outcomes and by:</li>
<ul>
<li>Conducting discovery to build rapport and deeply understand the customer’s needs, business processes, and vision</li>
<li>Consulting on change management to help customers more easily adopt Asana as a way of working</li>
<li>Leading design workshops to provide the customer firsthand experience in building or adapting their processes and challenge them on ways to improve their use of Asana</li>
<li>Surfacing the best Asana resources based upon the customer’s needs</li>
<li>Storytelling through business reviews on value realised and areas of opportunity for deeper value</li>
</ul>
<li>Empower customers to become self-sufficient Asana champions, solving for their immediate needs while focusing on their long term success, value realisation, and retention</li>
<li>Co-create strategies and plays with your cross functional partners to drive the broadest engagement across our customer base, most meaningful engagement tactics, and best adoption and retention results</li>
<li>Act as a cross-functional superstar:</li>
<ul>
<li>Proactively partner with Sales and Renewals to flag at risk accounts, provide customer insights, and highlight expansion opportunities and retention risks</li>
<li>Liaise with Support and Finance to help quarterback resolutions for customer issues</li>
<li>Serve as the voice of your customers cross-functionally, providing feedback to the Product team and broader business&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
</ul>
<p><strong>About you:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>3 year demonstrated success in an Account Management or Customer Success role</li>
<li>Fluent in English</li>
<li>Strong team player</li>
<li>Customer-centric: Devoted to ensuring our customers’ success and committed to advocating for our customers whenever possible</li>
<li>Solid communicator: Able to communicate confidently &amp; concisely through Asana, via email, over the phone, or in person, with all audiences (from cross-functional team to customer Executives)</li>
<li>Self-motivated and curious: Bias for action and work effectively in a highly ambiguous, ever-changing environment</li>
<li>Driven, process-oriented person: Able to effectively balance competing priorities and make decisions that best support Asana, the team, and the customer</li>
<li>Demonstrates curiosity about AI tools and emerging technologies, with a willingness to learn and leverage them to enhance productivity, collaboration, or decision-making</li>
</ul>
<p><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;"><strong>What we’ll offer</strong></span></p>
<p><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;">Our comprehensive compensation package plays a big part in how we recognize you for the impact you have on our path to achieving our mission. We believe that compensation should be reflective of the value you create relative to the market value of your role. To ensure pay is fair and not impacted by biases, we're committed to looking at market value which is why we check ourselves and conduct a yearly pay equity audit.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;">For this role, the estimated base salary range is between €79,200-€90,400 The actual base salary will vary based on various factors, including market and individual qualifications objectively assessed during the interview process. The listed range above is a guideline, and the base salary range for this role may be modified.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;">In addition to base salary, your compensation package may include additional components such as equity, sales incentive pay (for most sales roles), and benefits. If you're interviewing for this role, speak with your Talent Acquisition Partner to learn more about the total compensation and benefits for this role.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;">We strive to provide equitable and competitive benefit packages that support our employees worldwide and include:</span></p>
<ul>
<li style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;"><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;">Mental health, wellness &amp; fitness benefits</span></li>
<li style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;"><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;">Career coaching &amp; support</span></li>
<li style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;"><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;">Inclusive family building benefits</span></li>
<li style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;"><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;">Long-term savings or retirement plans</span></li>
<li style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;"><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;">In-office culinary options to cater to your dietary preferences&nbsp;</span></li>
</ul>
<p><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;">These are just some of the benefits we offer, and benefits may vary based on role, country, and local regulations. If you're interviewing for this role, speak with your Talent Acquisition Partner to learn more about the total compensation and benefits for this role.</span></p>
<p>#LI-Hybrid</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>About us</strong></p>
<p data-pm-slice="1 1 []">Asana is a leading platform for human + AI collaboration. Millions of teams around the world rely on Asana to achieve their most important goals, faster. Asana has been named to Fortune's Best Workplaces for 7+ years and recognized by Fast Company, Forbes, and Gartner for excellence in workplace culture and innovation. We offer an exceptional office-centric culture while adopting the best elements of hybrid models to ensure that every one of our global team members can work together effortlessly. With 13+ offices all over the world, we are always looking for individuals who care about building technology that drives positive change in the world and a culture where everyone feels that they belong.</p>
<p data-pm-slice="1 1 []"><strong><a class="LinkThemeablePresentation LinkPrimaryPresentation LinkPrimaryPresentation--sentimentSelected PrimaryLink HighlightSol HighlightSol--core HighlightSol--buildingBlock" href="https://www.gem.com/form?formID=fbcdec8c-3442-43b9-9b45-d2b5f4ea25db" target="\_blank">Join Asana’s Talent Network</a></strong>&nbsp;to stay up to date on job opportunities and life at Asana.</p></div>