<p><strong>Implementation Operations Agent</strong></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>Pay Rate: $5 per hour</p>
<p>Hours: 40-50 per week, eastern US time</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Who are we looking for?</strong><strong><br><br></strong></p>
<p>We’re looking for someone who has a high level of attention to detail and proven ability to juggle multiple priorities at once. As an Implementation Operations agent, you will be key to</p>
<p>the Implementation team as you operationally set up our client’s plan platform and ensure it runs at full speed. Prior experience in operations administration would be helpful, although not required.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Requirements</strong></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>Strong written/oral communication and organization skills. Articulate, concise, and eloquent communication.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Strong attention to detail and the ability to juggle multiple priorities.</li>
<li>You thrive in a fast-paced environment and have the ability to quickly learn new processes, contribute ideas, and iterate on solutions as needed.</li>
<li>Proven effectiveness at being flexible, creative, team oriented, results-driven and the ability to collaborate in cross-functional teams.</li>
<li>Experience in operations or administrative roles is a plus, but not required. What’s most important is your ability to quickly understand new concepts and your passion for the work.</li>
<li>Experience with collaboration, project management, and CRM tools such as Google Workspace, Slack, Salesforce, DocuSign, and Jira are preferred, but not required.</li>
</ul>