<div class="content-intro"><p>Intercom is the AI Customer Service company on a mission to help businesses provide incredible customer experiences.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Our AI agent Fin, the most advanced customer service AI agent on the market, lets businesses deliver always-on, impeccable customer service and ultimately transform their customer experiences for the better. Fin can also be combined with our Helpdesk to become a complete solution called the Intercom Customer Service Suite, which provides AI enhanced support for the more complex or high touch queries that require a human agent.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Founded in 2011 and trusted by nearly 30,000 global businesses, Intercom is setting the new standard for customer service. Driven by our core values, we push boundaries, build with speed and intensity, and consistently deliver incredible value to our customers.</p></div><h2>What's the opportunity?&nbsp;</h2>
<p>The Security Engineering Group ensures that Intercom R&amp;D ships secure software and that the development environments that engineering teams operate in to do so remains safe. Become the Engineering Manager of the Application Security team and join the globally distributed Information Security group, overseeing the security and trust of Intercom for 25,000+ businesses through defining and holding the bar for the security of our product.</p>
<h2>What will I be doing?&nbsp;</h2>
<p>As the Engineering Manager of multi-disciplinary security engineering team you will:</p>
<ul>
<li>Own the security of Intercom's engineering Software Development Lifecycle, providing security controls and guardrails to enable our engineering teams to move fast, while developing a secure application.</li>
<li>Drive the execution of security assessments of product features, partnering with our engineering teams to identify security issues and drive their mitigation.</li>
<li>Own product security features, helping our customers to maintain a healthy security posture in their use of the Intercom product.</li>
<li>Manage security incidents at Intercom, leading investigations and identifying improvements which reduce the risk of repeat incidents.</li>
<li>Partner with key stakeholders across our Infosec and engineering teams to define &amp; realize our security vision, strategy &amp; roadmaps for the Intercom product.</li>
<li>Manage a globally distributed team of product and security engineers to create a collaborative team culture that achieves high levels of productivity, performance and reliability.</li>
<li>Help to shape and evolve our engineering culture by contributing to our engineering organization programs.</li>
</ul>
<h2>What skills do I need?&nbsp;</h2>
<p>We recognise that sometimes these lists can appear as strict requirements, but that’s not the case. Even if you feel you have a subset of the experience below - that’s ok, we’d love to talk to you!&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>Experience developing and supporting a team of engineers in their personal growth and career progression.</li>
<li>Familiarity with performing security assessments to identify and mitigate software security vulnerabilities</li>
<li>A proven track record in partnering closely with engineering teams, product managers and R&amp;D leadership to deliver pragmatic, secure product solutions &amp; processes.</li>
<li>Experience in security incident response, managing or contributing to the containment, investigation and recovery of security incidents</li>
<li>An ability to thrive in a fast-moving environment. You’ll have the autonomy to prioritise, explore and determine your own solutions to problems.</li>
</ul>
<h2>How will I be supported?&nbsp;</h2>
<ul>
<li>You will report to the Director of Security Engineering</li>
<li>You will buddy with another Dublin-based manager who will help you to onboard and get up to speed quickly.</li>
<li>You will have a close group of management peers to collaborate with and learn from.</li>
<li>We invest heavily in our Managers, supporting individual career development through training and coaching.</li>
</ul>
<h2>Benefits&nbsp;</h2>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are a well-treated bunch, with awesome benefits! If there’s something important to you that’s not on this list, talk to us!&nbsp;</span></p>
<ul>
<li>Competitive salary and equity in a fast-growing start-up</li>
<li>We serve lunch every weekday, plus a variety of snack foods and a fully stocked kitchen</li>
<li>Regular compensation reviews - we reward great work!</li>
<li>Pension scheme &amp; match up to 4%</li>
<li>Peace of mind with life assurance, as well as comprehensive health and dental insurance for you and your dependents</li>
<li>Open vacation policy and flexible holidays so you can take time off when you need it</li>
<li>Paid maternity leave, as well as 6 weeks paternity leave for fathers, to let you spend valuable time with your loved ones</li>
<li>If you’re cycling, we’ve got you covered on the Cycle-to-Work Scheme. With secure bike storage too&nbsp;</li>
<li>MacBooks are our standard, but we also offer Windows for certain roles when needed.&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p>#LI-Hybrid</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>Policies&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>Intercom has a hybrid working policy. We believe that working in person helps us stay connected, collaborate easier and create a great culture while still providing flexibility to work from home. We expect employees to be in the office at least three days per week.</p>
<p>We have a radically open and accepting culture at Intercom. We avoid spending time on divisive subjects to foster a safe and cohesive work environment for everyone. As an organization, our policy is to not advocate on behalf of the company or our employees on any social or political topics out of our internal or external communications. We respect personal opinion and expression on these topics on personal social platforms on personal time, and do not challenge or confront anyone for their views on non-work related topics. Our goal is to focus on doing incredible work to achieve our goals and unite the company through our <a href="https://www.intercom.com/careers">core values</a>.&nbsp;&nbsp;</p>
<p>Intercom values diversity and is committed to a policy of Equal Employment Opportunity. Intercom will not discriminate against an applicant or employee on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, national origin, ancestry, sex, gender, age, physical or mental disability, veteran or military status, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, marital status, or any other legally recognized protected basis under federal, state, or local law.</p></div>