<div class="content-intro"><p><strong>Secure Every Identity, from AI to Human<br><br></strong>Identity is the key to unlocking the potential of AI. Okta secures AI by building the trusted, neutral infrastructure that enables organizations to safely embrace this new era. This work requires a relentless drive to solve complex challenges with real-world stakes. We are looking for builders and owners who operate with speed and urgency and execute with excellence.<br><br>This is an opportunity to do career-defining work. We're all in on this mission. If you are too, let's talk.</p></div><div>Okta is the leading independent identity provider. The Okta Identity Cloud enables organizations to securely connect the right people to the right technologies at the right time. With more than 7,000 pre-built integrations to applications and infrastructure providers, Okta provides simple and secure access to people and organizations everywhere, giving them the confidence to reach their full potential.<br><br>At Okta, we know that forging secure connections between people and technology is no small feat. So we trust each other, we support each other.<br>We’re dedicated, passionate, innovative, and relentless problem solvers. We believe that providing simple and secure access to people and organizations everywhere will empower them with the confidence to reach their full potential.<br>Okta is looking for a Regional Alliances Manager with strong deal, strategy and relationship management experience to partner with Okta’s Regional Solution Providers, Distributors, GSI’s and Channel Partners with the aim of extending and enhancing Okta’s channel eco-system in India.<br>The ideal candidate will possess a strong background in cyber-security Channel and Partner management along with an understanding of all the elements that are required to enable partners to be successful with the Okta solution.<br>A Regional Alliances Manager at Okta will need to think strategically and analytically about business, product and technical challenges, with the ability to create compelling value propositions and work cross-organisationally to build consensus to drive revenue.<br>Job Duties and Responsibilities:</div>
<ul>
<li>Drive revenue generation within the Regional Alliances partner ecosystem in India;</li>
<li>Provide world-class program management and thought leadership across an assigned partner base to increase revenue and drive incremental business opportunities;</li>
<li>Collaborate with Okta’s Executive, Business Development, Marketing and Sales teams to identify key partners, build a strategic plan for initiating conversations and sell the value of a mutually beneficial working relationship to those partners;</li>
<li>Define tailored value propositions and create detailed go-to-market plans that strengthen our value proposition to the marketplace while providing new revenue opportunities;</li>
<li>Serve as the partner advocate inside Okta; evangelize partners and the opportunities they present by injecting partner DNA into Okta field sales;</li>
<li>Represent both the voice of the Regional Alliance Partners to Okta and the voice of Okta to Partners as required to resolve issues and attain revenue;</li>
<li>Build relationships with partner sales teams to keep Okta “front and centre” for appropriate opportunities.</li>
<li>Build strong working relationship with all sales teams, Enterprise, Commercial and emerging, service, marketing and enablement teams.</li>
<li>Drive partner sourced deals with defined partners in order to achieve quota.</li>
<li>Manage and report pipeline on regular basis.</li>
</ul>
<div>Skills &amp; experiences that will help in the role:</div>
<ul>
<li>Proven experience of business development or alliances at a SaaS startup, successfully implementing channel/field alliances strategy to drive increased sales;</li>
<li>A track record of exceeding channel sales revenue targets;</li>
<li>A business leader who is able to influence and build strong relationships with decision makers across all levels of partner and prospect organizations;</li>
<li>Current knowledge of the trends and market leading companies in the broader Cloud Computing and Identity Access Management ecosystem;</li>
<li>Experience with Cloud Software Vendors and their strategies/business models</li>
</ul>
<p>#LI-Hybrid</p>
<p>#P10940\_3420790</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong><br>The Okta Experience</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><a href="http://rewards.okta.com">Supporting Your Well-Being</a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="https://www.okta.com/company/okta-for-good/">Driving Social Impact&nbsp;</a></li>
<li><a href="https://www.okta.com/company/talent-connection-community/">Developing Talent and Fostering Connection + Community</a></li>
</ul>
<p>We are intentional about connection. Our global community, spanning over 20 offices worldwide, is united by a drive to innovate. Your journey begins with an immersive, in-person onboarding experience designed to accelerate your impact and connect you to our mission and team from day one.<br><br>Okta is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, marital status, age, physical or mental disability, or status as a protected veteran. We also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and convictions records, consistent with applicable laws.<br><br>If reasonable accommodation is needed to complete any part of the job application, interview process, or onboarding please&nbsp;<a href="https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1EfiEYZrIyhA2X4Fijk0R3RKYOzNoS3wtvyM4nhbZnXE/edit">use this Form</a> to request an accommodation.<br><br>Notice for New York City Applicants &amp; Employees: Okta may use Automated Employment Decision Tools (AEDT), as defined by New York City Local Law 144, that use artificial intelligence, machine learning, or other automated processes to assist in our recruitment and hiring process. In accordance with NYC Local Law 144, if you are an applicant or employee residing in New York City, please&nbsp;<a href="https://talent.okta.com/new-york-city-aedt-notice.html">click here</a> to view our full NYC AEDT Notice.<br><br>Okta is committed to complying with applicable data privacy and security laws and regulations. For more information, please see our Personnel and Job Candidate Privacy Notice at&nbsp;<a href="https://www.okta.com/legal/personnel-policy/">https://www.okta.com/legal/personnel-policy/</a>.</p></div>