<div class="content-intro"><p><strong data-stringify-type="bold">The future of AI — whether in training or evaluation, classical ML or agentic workflows — starts with high-quality data.</strong></p>
<p>At HumanSignal, we’re building the platform that powers the creation, curation, and evaluation of that data. From fine-tuning foundation models to validating agent behaviors in production, our tools are used by leading AI teams to ensure models are grounded in real-world signal, not noise.</p>
<p>Our open-source product,&nbsp;<strong data-stringify-type="bold">Label Studio</strong>, has become the&nbsp;<strong data-stringify-type="bold">de facto standard</strong> for labeling and evaluating data across modalities — from text and images to time series and agents-in-environments. With over 250,000 users and hundreds of millions of labeled samples, it’s the most widely adopted OSS solution for teams working on building AI systems.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong data-stringify-type="bold">Label Studio Enterprise</strong>&nbsp;builds on that traction with the security, collaboration, and scalability features needed to support mission-critical AI pipelines — powering everything from model training datasets to eval test sets to continuous feedback loops.We started before foundation models were mainstream, and we’re doubling down now that AI is eating the world. If you're excited to help leading AI teams build smarter, more accurate systems — we’d love to talk.</p></div><p><strong>About the Opportunity:&nbsp; Remote, prefer to be EU based</strong></p>
<p><strong data-start="2093" data-end="2110">Reporting to:</strong> RVP of Sales - EMEA</p>
<p>As an Enterprise Account Executive, you will have a tremendous impact on the company. We're looking for somebody with experience in closing Enterprise deals, who is a team player, proactive, and customer obsessed. You optimize for relationships that will last, and create value with every conversation. In this role, you will have <em>an exciting chance</em> to work on a category defining technology in an emerging market.</p>
<p><strong>What You'll Bring:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Enterprise sales experience ideally working with ML / big data / Cloud / SaaS products</li>
<li>5+ years quota carrying sales experience</li>
<li>Success closing new accounts while maintaining existing accounts</li>
<li>Experience in land and expand motion; <strong>PLG or OSS</strong> motion is a plus</li>
<li>Passion for automation and a consultative approach</li>
<li>Strong oral and written communication skills</li>
<li>Self-motivated, proactive, and effective working in a remote environment</li>
<li>A deep passion for discovering the customer need</li>
<li>Comfortable with outbound prospecting and building pipeline from scratch</li>
<li>English fluency required; German fluency nice to have.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Within 1 month, you'll:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Work alongside founders to help our customers achieve their goals and grow the company</li>
<li>Identify and close quick, small wins while managing longer, complex sales cycles</li>
<li>Track all customer details including use case, next steps, timelines, forecasting using Salesforce</li>
<li>Use a solution-based approach to selling and creating value for customers</li>
<li>Continually ensure complete satisfaction among all customers</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Within 3 months, you'll:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Exceed activity, pipeline, and revenue targets</li>
<li>Close both new accounts and maintain existing accounts</li>
<li>Collaborate across different functions, engineering, marketing, product, community to help the company progress towards its strategic direction</li>
<li>Become a member of the open-source community and help our beloved users to buy software and negotiate with stakeholders</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Within 6 months, you'll:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Maintain consistent and predictable close rates for new customers</li>
<li>Create and sustain consultative relationships with existing and prospective customers</li>
<li>Help onboard new team members</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Within 1 year you'll:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Be able to create a strategic plan to close new customers of interest</li>
<li>Focusing on renewals and longer term benefits for the customer</li>
<li>Understand customer roadmap and identify opportunities to help leverage our technology for greater business outcome</li>
<li>Continue to hone your skills and grow as a sales professional</li>
</ul>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">It is an exciting time at HumanSignal, we are a growing startup and at this stage we are constantly evolving. While we have put a lot of thought into your first and most important initiatives, it’s only an example and something we will work on together. We're always learning and growing, so like us this role will evolve and expand. We hope that this opportunity sounds exciting to you and that you consider joining us on our journey!</span></p>
<p><strong>At HumanSignal</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">While our community and customers enjoy our products, we understand it is our team who make that possible. That is why we want to support you in doing your best work. To explore more about our team please visit the <a href="https://heartex.com/company/about-us" target="\_blank">about our team</a> page.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We hope you are interested in our opportunities and encourage you to apply even if you are not sure you fit all of the requirements. When applying please include: A short document covering of your experience &amp; skills, such as a resume or linkedin profile. If you have a cover letter expanding on your background and why HumanSignal is of interest to you, even better, though a cover letter is not required &amp; will not impact your application status. When we receive your application, we’ll get back to you about the next steps.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">HumanSignal is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We are committed to building an organization that welcomes diverse backgrounds and lifestyles. Our goal is to create an inclusive work environment that is equitable and where everyone feels they belong. We foster open and transparent communication and a workplace where discrimination and harassment are not tolerated. If you need any accommodations or assistance to make your interviews more accessible please do not hesitate to reach out to us.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We do not discriminate against employees or applicants based on gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, religion, age, race, military/veteran status, citizenship, pregnancy status, or any other differences.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are hiring for this role across Europe. On Target Earnings (OTE) for this role to be $300,000 USD; with a 50/50 split, with base pay of $150,000 USD annually + $150,000 USD variable commission.&nbsp; This role also qualifies for variable compensation in the form of commissions. If an employee is meeting sales quota as outlined in our commission plan This range is provided by market data and is in good faith. The final offer details are determined by several factors including candidate experience, expertise as well as applicable industry knowledge, and may vary from the pay ranges listed above.&nbsp;</span></p>