<div class="content-intro"><p><strong>Secure Every Identity, from AI to Human<br><br></strong>Identity is the key to unlocking the potential of AI. Okta secures AI by building the trusted, neutral infrastructure that enables organizations to safely embrace this new era. This work requires a relentless drive to solve complex challenges with real-world stakes. We are looking for builders and owners who operate with speed and urgency and execute with excellence.<br><br>This is an opportunity to do career-defining work. We're all in on this mission. If you are too, let's talk.</p></div><p><strong>Staff Software Engineer, Life Cycle Management</strong></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Company Description:</strong></p>
<p>Okta is the leading independent provider of enterprise identity. The Okta Identity Cloud enables organizations to securely connect the right people to the right technologies at the right time. With over 6,500 pre-built integrations to applications and infrastructure providers, Okta customers can easily and securely use the best technologies for their business. Over 7,950 organizations, including 20th Century Fox, JetBlue, Nordstrom, Slack, Teach for America and Twilio, trust Okta to help protect the identities of their workforces and customers</p>
<p><strong>Position Description:</strong></p>
<p>The Okta platform provides directory services, single sign-on, strong authentication, provisioning, workflow, and built in reporting. It runs in the cloud on a secure, reliable, extensively audited platform and integrates deeply with on premises applications, directories, and identity management systems.</p>
<p>We are looking for an experienced Staff Software Engineer to work on our Onboarding and Lifecycle Management (LCM) Platform team with focus on enhancing and managing services for importing, syncing and provisioning identities and access policies i.e., users, groups, roles, entitlements, etc. These features allow customers the flexibility to link and enhance their business processes with Okta’s identity management product. This role is to build, design solutions, and maintain our platform for scale. The ideal candidate is someone who has experience building software systems to manage and deploy reliable and performant infrastructure and product code at scale on a cloud infrastructure.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Job Duties and Responsibilities:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Work with senior engineering team in major development projects, design and implementation</li>
<li>Be a key contributor in the implementation of the LCM infrastructure</li>
<li>Troubleshooting customer issues and debugging from logs (Splunk, Syslogs, etc.)&nbsp;</li>
<li>Design &amp; Implement features with functional and unit tests along with monitoring and alerts</li>
<li>Conduct design &amp; code reviews, analysis and performance tuning</li>
<li>Quick prototyping to validate scale and performance&nbsp;</li>
<li>Provide technical leadership and mentorship to more junior engineers</li>
<li>Interface with Architects, QA, Product Owners, Engineering Services, Tech Ops</li>
<li>Partner with our Product Development, QA, and Site Reliability Engineering teams for scoping the development and deployment work</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Required knowledge, skills, and abilities:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>The ideal candidate is someone who is experienced building software systems to manage and deploy reliable and performant infrastructure and product code at scale on a cloud infrastructure</li>
<li>8+ years of Software Development in Java, preferably significant experiences with SCIM and Spring Boot.</li>
<li>5+ years of development experience building services, internal tools and frameworks</li>
<li>2+ years experience automating and deploying large scale production services in AWS, GCP or similar.</li>
<li>Deep understanding of infrastructure level technologies: caching, stream processing, resilient architectures</li>
<li>Experience with RESTful APIs and SOAP apis.</li>
<li>Ability to work effectively with distributed teams and people of various backgrounds</li>
<li>Lead and mentor junior engineers.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Nice to haves:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Experience with server-side technologies including caching, asynchronous processing, and multi-threading.</li>
<li>Experience in TDD.</li>
<li>Experience with UI development or javascript frameworks</li>
<li>Knowledge of Identity and Access Management protocols and technologies: OAuth, OpenID Connect, SAML, SCIM</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Education and Training:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>B.S. Computer Science or related field</li>
</ul>
<p>#LI-Hybrid<br>P22369\_3145359</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong><br>The Okta Experience</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><a href="http://rewards.okta.com">Supporting Your Well-Being</a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="https://www.okta.com/company/okta-for-good/">Driving Social Impact&nbsp;</a></li>
<li><a href="https://www.okta.com/company/talent-connection-community/">Developing Talent and Fostering Connection + Community</a></li>
</ul>
<p>We are intentional about connection. Our global community, spanning over 20 offices worldwide, is united by a drive to innovate. Your journey begins with an immersive, in-person onboarding experience designed to accelerate your impact and connect you to our mission and team from day one.<br><br>Okta is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, marital status, age, physical or mental disability, or status as a protected veteran. We also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and convictions records, consistent with applicable laws.<br><br>If reasonable accommodation is needed to complete any part of the job application, interview process, or onboarding please&nbsp;<a href="https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1EfiEYZrIyhA2X4Fijk0R3RKYOzNoS3wtvyM4nhbZnXE/edit">use this Form</a> to request an accommodation.<br><br>Notice for New York City Applicants &amp; Employees: Okta may use Automated Employment Decision Tools (AEDT), as defined by New York City Local Law 144, that use artificial intelligence, machine learning, or other automated processes to assist in our recruitment and hiring process. In accordance with NYC Local Law 144, if you are an applicant or employee residing in New York City, please&nbsp;<a href="https://talent.okta.com/new-york-city-aedt-notice.html">click here</a> to view our full NYC AEDT Notice.<br><br>Okta is committed to complying with applicable data privacy and security laws and regulations. For more information, please see our Personnel and Job Candidate Privacy Notice at&nbsp;<a href="https://www.okta.com/legal/personnel-policy/">https://www.okta.com/legal/personnel-policy/</a>.</p></div>