<div class="content-intro"><p><span style="font-weight: 400;">At Ripple, we’re building a world where value moves like information does today. It’s big, it’s bold, and we’re already doing it. Through our crypto solutions for financial institutions, businesses, governments and developers, we are improving the global financial system and creating greater economic fairness and opportunity for more people, in more places around the world. And we get to do the best work of our career and grow our skills surrounded by colleagues who have our backs.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">If you’re ready to see your impact and unlock incredible career growth opportunities, join us, and build real world value.</span></p></div><div>
<p><strong>THE WORK:</strong></p>
<p>Ripple is growing its Regulatory Compliance team and is seeking an experienced Regulatory Compliance Manager to join our ambitious global team. This role presents an outstanding opportunity to support the day-to-day operations of our Business Continuity Management Program (also referred to as our Operational Resilience). As part of our team, you’ll play a crucial role in ensuring seamless execution of our Program.</p>
<p><strong>WHAT YOU’LL DO:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Lead the identification and lifecycle management of Important Business Services and Critical Business Services.</li>
<li>Maintain comprehensive mapping of people, processes, technology, and data. Proactively identify Single Points of Failure and concentration risks, particularly within Ripple’s critical ICT third-party service providers.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Define and calibrate Impact Tolerances and Recovery Objectives. Establish measurable metrics to ensure Ripple remains within these thresholds during disruptions.</li>
<li>Facilitate a cross-functional, multi-layered testing program to validate that recovery strategies are effective across global jurisdictions.</li>
<li>Lead the completion and maintenance of annual business impact analyses and risk assessments.</li>
<li>Support Crisis Management and Business Resumption teams, ensuring response protocols focus on maintaining service delivery and meeting regulatory notification timelines.</li>
<li>Prepare high-quality reporting, KPIs, and presentation materials for Board and Risk Committees, providing a clear view of Ripple’s global resilience posture.</li>
<li>Collaborate with cross-functional stakeholders to ensure robust internal oversight and governance within each of Ripple’s various regulated entities</li>
<li>Complete ad hoc assignments in other Regulatory Compliance program areas as needed.</li>
</ul>
</div>
<div>
<p><strong>WHAT YOU'LL BRING:&nbsp;</strong></p>
</div>
<div>
<ul>
<li>5+ years of experience running Resilience or Risk programs in the financial industry (ideally within the payments or crypto space), with a consistent track record of meeting global regulatory requirements (FCA, MAS, EU DORA).</li>
<li>Strong understanding of risk assessment methodologies and business impact analysis, and the development of effective resilience strategies.</li>
<li>Desire to learn new subject matter and develop solutions in an ever-evolving global regulatory landscape</li>
<li>Strong written and verbal communication skills, with the ability to translate complex technical resilience gaps into concise reports for senior management and regulators.</li>
<li>Experience in designing and facilitating readiness tests.</li>
<li>Ability to leverage tooling solutions for centralized data management, dependency mapping, and real-time reporting.</li>
<li>Experience collaborating with and influencing stakeholders across technical and non-technical teams.</li>
</ul>
</div><div class="content-conclusion"><hr>
<p><strong>WHO WE ARE:</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Do Your Best Work</span></p>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">The opportunity to build in a fast-paced start-up environment with experienced industry leaders</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">A learning environment where you can dive deep into the latest technologies and make an impact.&nbsp; A professional development budget to support other modes of learning.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Thrive in an environment where no matter what race, ethnicity, gender, origin, or culture they identify with, every employee is a respected, valued, and empowered part of the team.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">In-office collaboration for moments that matter is important to our culture, and we give managers and teams the flexibility to decide which 10+ days a month they come in.&nbsp;</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Bi-weekly all-company meeting - business updates and ask me anything style discussion with our Leadership Team</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">We come together for moments that matter which include team offsites, team bonding activities, happy hours and more!</span></li>
</ul>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Take Control of Your Finances</span></p>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Competitive salary, bonuses, and equity</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Competitive benefits that cover physical and mental healthcare, retirement, family forming, and family support</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Employee giving match</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Mobile phone stipend</span></li>
</ul>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Take Care of Yourself</span></p>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">R&amp;R days so you can rest and recharge</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Generous wellness reimbursement and weekly onsite &amp; virtual programming</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Generous vacation policy - work with your manager to take time off when you need it</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Industry-leading parental leave policies. Family planning benefits.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Catered lunches, fully-stocked kitchens with premium snacks/beverages, and plenty of fun events</span></li>
</ul>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;"><em data-stringify-type="italic">Benefits listed above are for full-time employees.&nbsp;</em></span></p>
<hr>
<div><em>Ripple is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We’re committed to building a diverse and inclusive team. We do not discriminate against qualified employees or applicants because of race, color, religion, gender identity, sex, sexual identity, pregnancy, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, marital status, physical disability, mental disability, medical condition, military status, or any other characteristic protected by local law or ordinance.</em></div>
<div>&nbsp;</div>
<div><em>Please find our <a href="https://ripple.com/legal/eu-privacy-notice/" target="\_blank">UK/EU Applicant Privacy Notice </a>and our <a href="https://ripple.com/legal/ca-applicant-privacy-notice/" target="\_blank">California Applicant Privacy Notice</a> for reference.</em></div>
<div><hr></div></div>