<div class="content-intro"><h2><strong>About Hightouch</strong></h2>
<p>Hightouch is the modern AI platform for marketing and growth teams. Our AI agents reimagine marketing workflows, allowing marketers to create content, plan campaigns, and execute strategies with transformational velocity and performance.</p>
<p>Hightouch is a rare company built on the intersection of two fundamental technological shifts: advances in LLMs and agentic AI, and the creation and rapid adoption of cloud data warehouses like Snowflake and Databricks. Building on these tailwinds, we’ve become a leader in AI marketing and partner with industry leaders like Domino’s, Chime, Spotify, Ramp, Whoop, Grammarly, and over 1000 others.</p>
<p>Our team focuses on making a meaningful impact for our customers. We approach challenges with first-principles thinking, move quickly and efficiently, and treat each other with compassion and kindness. We look for team members who are strong communicators, have a growth mindset, and are motivated and persistent in achieving our goals.</p></div><h2>About The Role&nbsp;</h2>
<p>Hightouch is looking for a Sales Development Representative to join our rapidly growing team. In this role, you will be responsible for generating top of the funnel leads in addition to building foundational processes and strategies to the commercial sales team. You will be outbounding to engineers, marketers, and operation teams so we are looking for someone who is highly intelligent and also has the ability to connect with multiple audiences.</p>
<h2>What You’ll Do&nbsp;</h2>
<ul>
<li>Outreach directly into prospective agents that fit our ideal persona via cold-calls, text, emails, integrated marketing campaigns, LinkedIn campaigns and other methods</li>
<li>You work with the growth team to&nbsp; research and craft personalized outreach to target accounts</li>
<li>Find creative methods, channels, and strategies to help guide prospects to our free trial</li>
<li>As part of our growing SDR team, help define and improve sales processes, strategies, tactics, and more</li>
<li>You will be tasked with a goal and expected to execute against it on a monthly basis</li>
<li>You will live in slack and monitor for new signups, engaging them directly in order to schedule meetings with them. Those meetings will be scheduled for with the sales org and the customer</li>
</ul>
<h2>What We're Looking For</h2>
<ul>
<li>Bachelor's degree</li>
<li>2 years of experience in sales</li>
<li>Be a Self-starter, ability to self-motivate in a high-growth start-up</li>
<li>Effective communication skills, both written and verbal</li>
<li>Prior experience engaging customers and prospects</li>
<li>Interest in tech and more specifically data</li>
<li>Ability to multitask, organize, and prioritize work</li>
</ul>
<p>Even if your experience does not line up perfectly, we are still excited to have you apply. The best hires do not always check off every box of a job description.</p>
<div class="job\_\_description body">
<div>&nbsp;</div>
</div>
<div class="job-alert job-alert--margin">
<div>&nbsp;</div>
</div><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>E-Verify Statement</strong></p>
<p><em>Hightouch participates in E-Verify. We will provide the Social Security Administration, and if necessary, the Department of Homeland Security, with information from each new employee’s Form I-9 to confirm work authorization. Please note that we do not use this information to pre-screen job applicants.<br></em><em><br></em><a href="https://www.rhoworld.com/wp-content/uploads/E-Verify\_Participation\_Poster-1.pdf"><em>E-Verify Notice</em><em><br></em></a><a href="https://www.rhoworld.com/wp-content/uploads/E-Verify\_Participation\_Poster\_ES-1.pdf"><em>E-Verify Notice (Spanish)</em><em><br></em></a><a href="https://www.rhoworld.com/wp-content/uploads/ier\_poster\_final.pdf"><em>Right to Work Notice</em><em><br></em></a><a href="https://www.rhoworld.com/wp-content/uploads/spanish\_ier\_poster\_final.pdf"><em>Right to Work Notice (Spanish)</em></a></p></div>