<h2><strong>About the opportunity</strong></h2>
<p>The position of the&nbsp; Area Sales Director Mid-Market&nbsp; EMEA (f/m/d)&nbsp; is a critical role in our EMEA Sales team and will be reporting to the&nbsp; Senior&nbsp; Vice President (SVP) of EMEA Sales. This is a first-line management role and you will be managing a team of Mid Market&nbsp; Account Executives, with the task to hire and develop the best talent in the market to strategically increase sales presence throughout EMEA .</p>
<p>As an experienced leader with a strong&nbsp; software sales background, you are responsible for supporting your team in collaborating across the business to drive mid-market&nbsp; pipeline, navigate complex procurement cycles, support and develop go-to-market initiatives and, act as a senior stakeholder for the customers and future customers in your region.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Since your role is quota carrying you own the regional forecast, identify and mitigate risks, tackle opportunities and constantly up-level your team through outstanding leadership and coaching.</p>
<h2><strong>What to expect?&nbsp;</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>The role will assume leadership of a growing sales organization of Mid-Market&nbsp; Account Executives, to help drive complex deals into Mid-Market&nbsp; new and existing clients.</li>
<li>Contribute to regional strategy with metrics, observations and market research</li>
<li>Set and execute an aggressive customer acquisition strategy&nbsp;</li>
<li>Create processes, set best practices and build replicable patterns for your regional go to markets initiatives</li>
<li>Serve as senior stakeholder and point of escalation internally and in customer engagements</li>
<li>Be a mentor and provide hands-on coaching and professional development for AEs and wider team</li>
<li>Conduct weekly forecasts and oversee sales goals, metrics, and quota achievement</li>
<li>Proactive collaboration with Business Development, Solution Engineering,&nbsp; Marketing, Recruitment, Product, , Partnerships and Customer Success teams to align regional strategy</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>What you need to be successful?</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>10 years total&nbsp; SaaS sales experience, with a minimum of 3 should be in leadership</li>
<li>German Language beneficial but not essential</li>
<li>Experience selling across Europe to billion-dollar-plus revenue businesses&nbsp;</li>
<li>Experience selling multi-six-figure new business and expansion ACV.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Strong track record of recruiting, developing and retaining a high-performing mid market sales organization</li>
<li>Experience with common qualifications and sales methodologies</li>
<li>You’re data-driven and have an analytical approach to identifying trends in pipeline and performance</li>
<li>You’re a highly effective and empathetic communicator</li>
<li>Proven track record of building satisfied, loyal and referenceable customers</li>
<li>Consistent overachievement of quota and revenue goals</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>What’s in it for you?</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Join an ambitious tech company reshaping the way people build digital experiences</li>
<li>Full-time employees receive Stock Options for the opportunity to share in the success of our company</li>
<li>Fertility and family building benefits, including a lifetime reimbursable wallet to support your growing family.</li>
<li>We value<strong> Work-Life balance </strong>and<strong> You Time</strong>!<strong> </strong>A generous amount of paid time off, including vacation days, sick days,&nbsp; education days, compassion days for loss, and volunteer days</li>
<li>Time off to care for and focus on your growing family&nbsp;</li>
<li>Use your personal annual education budget to improve your skills and grow in your career</li>
<li>Enjoy a full range of virtual and in-person events, including workshops, guest speakers, and fun team activities, supporting learning and networking exchange beyond the usual work duties&nbsp;</li>
<li>An annual wellbeing stipend to care for your physical, financial, or emotional health</li>
<li>A monthly communication phone/internet stipend and phone hardware upgrade reimbursement.</li>
<li>New hire office equipment stipend for hybrid or distributed employees. Get the gear you need to work at your best.</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><h2><strong>Who are we?</strong></h2>
<p>Contentful is a leading <strong>digital experience platform</strong> that helps modern businesses meet the growing demand for engaging, personalized content at scale. By blending composability with native <strong>AI</strong> capabilities, Contentful enables dynamic personalization, automated content delivery, and real-time experimentation, powering next-generation digital experiences across brands, regions, and channels for more than 4,200 organizations worldwide. More than <strong>700 people</strong> from more than <strong>70 nations</strong> contribute their energy and creativity to Contentful, working from hubs in Berlin, Denver, San Francisco, London, New York, and distributed worldwide.</p>
<h2><strong>Everyone is welcome here!</strong></h2>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;"><strong>“Everyone is welcome here”</strong> is a celebrated component of our culture. At Contentful, we strive to create an inclusive environment that empowers our employees. We believe that our products and services benefit from our diverse backgrounds and experiences, and we are proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applications will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, age, physical [dis]ability, or length of time spent unemployed. We invite you to apply and join us!</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">If you need reasonable accommodations at any point during the application or interview process, please let your recruiting coordinator know.</span></p>
<p class="p1"><span style="color: #3e3e3e;"><em>Please be aware of scammers who may fraudulently allege to be from Contentful. These types of fraud can be carried out through copycat websites, fake email addresses claiming to be from our company, or social media. We do not ask for your personal information, such as bank account numbers, identification numbers, etc, through social media or chat-based apps, nor do we request or send money for the purchase of business equipment. If you suspect fraud, please report it to your local authorities, as well as reach out to us at <a href="mailto:security-esk@contentful.com" target="\_blank">security-esk@contentful.com</a> </em></span><span style="color: #3e3e3e;"><em>with any information you may have.</em></span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">By clicking “Apply for this job,” I acknowledge that I have read the “</span><a href="https://www.contentful.com/legal/us/privacy-notice-to-candidates/privacy/" target="\_blank"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Contentful’s Candidate Privacy Notice</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">” and hereby consent to the collection, processing, use, and storage of my personal information as described therein.</span></p></div>