<div class="content-intro"><h2><span data-sheets-root="1">About Wolt</span></h2>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">At Wolt, we create technology that brings joy, simplicity and earnings to the neighborhoods of the world. In 2014 we started with delivery of restaurant food. Now we’re building the delivery of (almost) everything and you’ll find us in over 500 cities in 30 countries around the world. In 2022 we joined forces with DoorDash and together we keep on dreaming big and expanding across the globe.<br><br>Working at Wolt isn’t always easy, but it’s definitely exciting. Here you’ll learn more, build more, and ship more than in most other companies. You’ll be challenged a lot, but also have a lot of fun on the way. So, if you’re a self-starter with drive and entrepreneurial spirit, this could be the ride of your life.</span></p></div><p>We are seeking a versatile Tax Technology Manager to support our growing EMEA and beyond scope. This role connects tax, technology, and data — ensuring our systems and processes enable compliant, efficient, and scalable&nbsp; across the region.</p>
<p>The ideal candidate combines a strong understanding of indirect tax (particularly VAT and e-invoicing) with an ability to partner cross-functionally and translate tax requirements into smart, tech-enabled solutions. You don’t need to be a developer or automation engineer — but you must be able to see opportunities, shape solutions, and drive them to execution by partnering with tax, engineering, accounting, data ops, and automation teams etc.</p>
<h2><strong>Key Responsibilities</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Lead and coordinate the implementation of tax-related technology solutions, ensuring compliance with new or changing legislation (e.g., e-invoicing, digital reporting, VAT mandates).</li>
<li>Represent Tax in engineering, product, and finance initiatives — ensuring that new business rollouts and systems capture all relevant tax requirements.</li>
<li>Partner with vendors and internal system owners to integrate and maintain compliance tools</li>
<li>Support data governance and system control frameworks, ensuring audit (SOC) readiness, traceability, and documentation across tax technology systems.</li>
<li>Drive standardization of tax processes and tools across entities and regions (Wolt, DoorDash, Deliveroo).</li>
<li>Build strong partnerships with engineering, data, automation, and finance teams to ensure tax technology needs are prioritized and delivered effectively.</li>
<li>Act as a bridge between tax and technology — translating regulatory and compliance requirements into actionable system and process specifications.</li>
<li>Collaborate with local tax teams to ensure regional regulatory nuances are accurately reflected in the design and functionality of tax technology solutions.</li>
<li>Identify automation and efficiency opportunities across tax processes and drive them from concept through delivery while collaborating with the automation and data ops to teams to develop scalable solutions..</li>
<li>Promote adoption and consistent use of tax technology solutions across regional and global tax teams.</li>
<li>Provide training, documentation, and user support for new tools and processes.</li>
<li>Champion a culture of continuous improvement — gathering feedback, measuring outcomes, and iterating on solutions post-implementation.</li>
<li>Develop and maintain a joint roadmap with cross-functional teams, balancing strategic priorities and operational capacity.</li>
<li>Ensure strong governance around tax technology initiatives, including change management, security, and compliance oversight.</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Qualifications &amp; Experience</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Understanding of indirect tax (especially VAT), e-invoicing, and digital tax compliance frameworks in the EMEA region.&nbsp; Understanding of other areas in tax such as Direct Tax, DAC7 etc is a plus</li>
<li>Understanding of commercial tax engines (ie Vertex)</li>
<li>Proven track record of supporting or optimizing tax technology solutions in a multinational environment.</li>
<li>Familiarity with data flows and ability to partner effectively with data and automation teams.</li>
<li>Strong analytical mindset</li>
<li>Project management experience</li>
<li>Excellent communication and stakeholder management skills — able to explain complex tax technology topics to both technical and non-technical audiences.<br>Accounting/tax qualification or relevant technology certification preferred.</li>
<li>Understanding and display of using AI tools</li>
</ul>
<p>This role will require traveling dependent on where the employee is based. We anticipate a 25% travel rate if the candidate is based in either Helsinki or London.</p>
<p><iframe src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/GoL541\_xj9w" width="560" height="314"></iframe></p><div class="content-conclusion"><h2><span data-sheets-root="1">Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion</span></h2>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">We’re committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. That’s why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.</span></p></div>