<h4>Team Summary</h4>
<p>Our AI QA team provides end-to-end testing solutions of complex AI-driven features, hardware sensors supporting AI functionality, and large-scale cloud and embedded systems. We bring proven experience in both hardware and software product development, with a strong focus on motion detection technologies.<br>We specialize in building and executing multi-layered automation frameworks across integration, system, and acceptance levels, ensuring comprehensive test coverage, continuous product state monitoring, and stable product releases.</p>
<h4><strong>Responsibilities and Duties</strong></h4>
<ul>
<li>Apply testing knowledge — including testing theory and test design techniques — to contribute to product quality on an assigned project, and create test cases from requirements and specifications</li>
<li>Report defects following established templates, verify bug fixes, and document test results for the assigned scope.</li>
</ul>
<h4>Qualifications and Skills</h4>
<ul>
<li>Understanding of QA and QC principles</li>
<li>Basic Linux knowledge (CLI navigation, file system)</li>
<li>Knowledge of testing methodologies, test design techniques, test types</li>
<li>Theoretical knowledge of SQL, web services</li>
<li>At least an Upper- Intermediate level in both written and spoken English (B2).</li>
</ul>
<h4>Nice to have</h4>
<ul>
<li>Understanding of SDLC</li>
<li>Understanding of test cases and project management systems</li>
<li>Understanding of network principles</li>
</ul>
<h4>We offer multiple benefits that include</h4>
<ul>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">The environment of equal opportunities, transparent and value-based corporate culture, and an individual approach to each team member.</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">Competitive compensation and perks.</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">Gig-contract (6 months).</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">21 paid vacation days per year, paid public holidays according to the Ukrainian legislation.</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">Development opportunities like corporate courses, knowledge hubs, and free English classes.</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">Medical insurance is provided from day one. Sick leaves and medical leaves are available.</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">Remote working mode is available within Ukraine only.</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">Free meals, fruits, and snacks when working in the office.</li>
</ul>