<div class="content-intro"><p><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif; font-size: 12pt;">Airbnb was born in 2007 when two hosts welcomed three guests to their San Francisco home, and has since grown to over 5 million hosts who have welcomed over 2 billion guest arrivals in almost every country across the globe. Every day, hosts offer unique stays and experiences that make it possible for guests to connect with communities in a more authentic way.</span></p></div><p><span style="text-decoration: underline;"><strong>NO VISA SUPPORT</strong></span></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>The Community You Will Join:</strong></p>
<p>The Engineering team is responsible for developing the Airbnb app and building products. We are a remote team based in different cities in China, and we meet up in person regularly to collaborate, connect and celebrate.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>The Difference You Will Make:</strong></p>
<p>As a Software Engineer in the Global markets Foundation team, you will work closely with PMs, designers, data scientists and engineers across global teams to build the foundation for Airbnb. You will be responsible for improving the foundation of the product from engineering efficiency, consistency and quality. You will work on projects that can span multiple areas, foundation, traffic and data.</p>
<p>This is a small team that provides its ICs with the opportunity to either go broad and influence all foundation wise development at Airbnb, or to go deep and improve the ways of working on a single platform.</p>
<p><strong>A Typical Day:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Build services and APIs to drive existing and new features for web and mobile apps</li>
<li>Work with data scientists and business analysts to define, capture, and use real-time event data for business insights and product features</li>
<li>Collaborate with infrastructure engineering teams to participate in, validate, and evolve how we build, test, and deploy code in a distributed Service-Oriented Architecture</li>
<li>Alter existing and develop new data access and protection patterns to ensure our community’s personal data is safe and secure, at scale</li>
<li>Maintain the cloud infrastructure, specifically for Airbnb guests based in China</li>
<li>Opportunity to work with nearly every team in the company to surface their product functionality in our customer support tools</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Your Expertise:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>2-4 years of industry experience as Backend or Full-Stack Engineer with a BS/Masters or no years of experience with a PhD.</li>
<li>Experience in building tools for internal use</li>
<li>Work experience, open-source code, or coursework in any of the following languages: C/C++, Java, C#, Python/Django, Ruby/Ruby on Rails, Javascript / TypeScript.</li>
<li>Exposure to architectural patterns of a large, high-scale web application (e.g., well-designed APIs, high volume data pipelines, efficient algorithms).</li>
<li>Experience with web development best practices such as A/B testing, continuous integration.</li>
<li>Understanding of data structures and problem solving approaches, and ability to articulate trade offs.</li>
<li>Passion for creating a highly effective technology platform for our growing global workforce.</li>
<li>Be future looking, we might be focused on immediate regulations, but need to build for the long term.</li>
<li>Comfortable with tackling ambiguous problems and unblocking yourself.</li>
<li>Focus on building high quality products, every one of our flows affects the business bottom line.</li>
<li>Data driven in how you solve problems and validate you've solved them correctly.</li>
<li>Possesses strong verbal and written communication skills.</li>
<li>[Bonus] Frontend development experience is a big bonus.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Your Location</strong></p>
<p>This position is China - Remote Eligible. The role may include occasional work at an Airbnb office or attendance at offsites, as agreed to with your manager. Your recruiter will inform you what cities you are able to work from depending on your personal legal working identity and Airbnb internal policies.</p>