**About Pyka**

Pyka’s goal is to provide society with a new form of safe, clean, and cost-effective transportation enabled by autonomous electric aviation.

To get there, we’re taking a different approach than most. We're applying our technologies to every industry where autonomous electric aircraft can be useful, starting with the highest value and most dangerous jobs. In doing so, we're building game-changing products manufactured at scale, while perfecting the safety, reliability, and capabilities of our autonomy engine and electric propulsion systems.

We design, develop and manufacture an ecosystem of technologies including proprietary flight control software, avionics, high power density motors, motor controllers, batteries, and custom carbon-fiber composite airframes.

Today, we supply autonomous electric aircraft for cargo transport and crop protection to real-world customers across four separate continents and have secured industry-first regulatory approvals from the FAA. Our cargo aircraft enables remote connectivity, enhances express delivery networks, and ensures fast and reliable shipping of critical supplies to areas in need. Our crop protection aircraft offers agricultural services providers and farmers an autonomous tool to make aerial application safer, more precise, and less harmful to surrounding environments. Both vehicles are highly economical to operate, easy to deploy, and significantly reduce CO2 emissions in their respective industries.

What you work on at Pyka makes people’s lives better now and brings the future of electric aviation one step closer each day.

**Role Overview**

Pyka is looking for a Sr. Motor Control Engineer to join our experienced and enthusiastic team of engineers. In this role, you will be responsible for system level and component level design and testing across a wide range of subsystems.  
   
Below is a list of current hardware projects that you will contribute to. Your roles and responsibilities will vary significantly from one week to the next.  
- High power density motor controller (30kW ~ 100kW)  
- Electronics for airplane spray and pump system  
- Air data board  
- Various PCBs to streamline testing of the above hardware  
   
Candidates who thrive in fast-paced environments working with a small team will love this role.

## Responsibilities

- Familiar with high power motor controller hardware design (120V, 30 kW). Able to select key components and sensors for the motor controller based on system requirements
- Hands-on experience in embedded system designs and familiarity with writing C or C++ code for microprocessor based embedded systems
- Deep understanding of different motor control algorithms such as field oriented control (FOC), six step control and different modulation schemes such as SPWM (Sinusoidal Pulse Width Modulation) and SVPWM (Space Vector Pulse Width Modulation)
- Complete the entire PCBA design cycle including architecture selection, component selection, schematic design, PCB layout, and working with manufacturers
- Test and validate the design to meet performance and reliability requirements
- Work with cross-functional teams (Mechanical Engineering, Software, and Flight Testing) on aircraft integration and system level testing
- Occasional travel (approximately one week every 2-3 months) to customer sites to support new aircraft deployments or EE subsystem debugging
- Write design and testing documents

## Preferred Qualifications

- 3-7 years of hands-on experience designing and testing microprocessor based high power motor controller for EVs or electric aircrafts
- Experience designing power electronics systems such as motor controllers, DC-DC converters, and BMS
- Experience designing safety critical systems, considering system redundancy as well as failure mode and effects analysis
- Familiarity with general schematic design and PCB layout tools such as Altium, OrCAD, Allegro, Eagle, KiCad, etc.
- Willingness to travel internationally for up to 10% of the time
- An inquisitive attitude with an ability to quickly and deftly research new topics and develop mastery of new subjects
- Excellent written and verbal communication skills; the ideal candidate is not afraid to ask for clarification or give feedback
- We understand that candidates bring different strengths and experiences, and you don’t need to meet every qualification to be considered. If this role excites you, we’d love to learn more about you. You may be a great fit even if your background doesn’t align perfectly with the list.

## Compensation and Benefits

- **$143,000 - 173,000 per year base salary + equity.** Compensation will vary depending on location, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. Salary ranges are subject to change.
- Employer-sponsored health, dental and vision insurance
- FSA with employer matching
- 401(k)
- Paid holidays, generous PTO, and additional unpaid time off
- Voluntary short-term disability, long-term disability, and life insurance
- Pre-tax commuter benefits
- Free catered lunch and plenty of snacks

**Export Control Requirements**

This position requires access to technology, software and other information that is subject to governmental access control restrictions, due to export controls.  Employment in this position is conditioned on the continued availability of government authorization to authorize release of such items, to the extent required, including without limitation an export license, or other documentation required to establish authorization to receive access to such items.

Company may delay commencement of employment, rescind an offer of employment, terminate employment, and/or may modify job responsibilities, compensation, benefits, and/or access to Company facilities and information systems, as Company deems appropriate, in order to ensure compliance with applicable government access control restrictions.

--

We do not work with external recruiters; if you are an external recruiter, please do not reach out.