<h2><strong>Who we are</strong></h2>
<div>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">Helsing is a defence AI company. Our mission is to protect our democracies. We aim to achieve technological leadership, so that open societies can continue to make sovereign decisions and control their ethical standards.</span><span data-ccp-props="{">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">As democracies, we believe we have a special responsibility to be thoughtful about the development and deployment of powerful technologies like AI. We take this responsibility seriously.</span><span data-ccp-props="{">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span data-contrast="none">We are an ambitious and committed team of engineers, AI specialists and customer-facing programme managers.<span data-contrast="auto">&nbsp;We are looking for mission-driven people to join our European teams – and apply their skills to solve the most complex and impactful problems. We embrace an open and transparent culture that welcomes healthy debates on the use of technology in defence, its benefits, and its ethical implications.</span><span data-ccp-props="{">&nbsp;</span></span></p>
</div>
<h2><strong>The role</strong></h2>
<div>
<p>As a (Senior) Systems Safety Engineer at Helsing, you will be responsible for applying a comprehensive system safety approach within a specific program. You will also have the opportunity to contribute to and refine system safety processes across all programs, aligning them with Helsing's current and future organizational needs. Your efforts will ensure the robust integration of safety practices throughout organization design and development lifecycle.</p>
<p>You will work closely with both the development and delivery teams to ensure compliance with the required safety standards and methodologies for a specific product and domain.</p>
</div>
<h2><strong>The day-to-day</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li class="text-start ">
<p>Conduct safety assessments, including Functional Hazard Assessment (AFHA/SFHA), Preliminary Aircraft/System Safety Assessment (PASA/PSSA), Safety Assessment (ASA/SSA) and Particular Risk Analysis (PRA) in accordance with ARP4761A</p>
</li>
<li class="text-start ">
<p>Perform hazard analyses and risk assessments at the system, subsystem, and component levels, ensuring compliance with the processes and tasks of MIL-STD-882</p>
</li>
<li class="text-start ">
<p>Develop and manage system safety requirements, including traceability, while supporting other engineering groups in integrating system safety into their design and development processes</p>
</li>
<li class="text-start ">
<p>Contribute to the creation and maintenance of a System Safety Program Plan that complies with relevant standards and regulations, such as MIL-STD-882 and ARP4754B.</p>
</li>
<li class="text-start ">
<p>Present safety cases effectively to relevant stakeholders and influence decision-making processes</p>
</li>
<li class="text-start ">
<p>Support and participate in safety audits to confirm that systems meet safety objectives and adhere to applicable regulations</p>
</li>
</ul>
<h2 id="You’ll-do-great-if-you….3" data-renderer-start-pos="15247"><strong>You should apply if you</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li class="text-start ">
<p>Possess strong knowledge of safety standards and practices, specifically MIL-STD-882 and ARP4761A</p>
</li>
<li class="text-start ">
<p>Are familiar with systems engineering best practices, including requirement development, management, traceability, verification, and validation</p>
</li>
<li class="text-start ">
<p>Have proficiency in using safety analysis tools and techniques, including FMEA and FTA</p>
</li>
<li class="text-start ">
<p>Bring experience with requirement management tools such as Jama Software, IBM DOORS, or similar</p>
</li>
<li class="text-start ">
<p>Demonstrate strong problem-solving skills and meticulous attention to detail</p>
</li>
<li class="text-start ">
<p>Have excellent communication skills, with the ability to present complex safety concepts and processes effectively to non-expert audiences</p>
</li>
<li class="text-start ">
<p>Experience in Model-Based Systems Engineering (MBSE) is a plus</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><em data-stringify-type="italic">Note: We operate in an industry where women, as well as other minority groups, are systematically</em>&nbsp;<em data-stringify-type="italic">under-represented. We encourage you to apply even if you don’t meet all the listed qualifications; ability and impact cannot be summarised in a few bullet points.</em></p>
<h2><strong><span data-contrast="auto">Join Helsing and work with world-leading experts in their fields</span><span data-ccp-props="{">&nbsp;</span></strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">Helsing’s work is important. You’ll be directly contributing to the protection of democratic countries while balancing both ethical and geopolitical concerns</span></p>
</li>
<li>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">The work is unique. We operate in a domain that has highly unusual technical requirements and constraints, and where robustness, safety, and ethical considerations are vital. You will face unique Engineering and AI challenges that make a meaningful impact in the world</span></p>
</li>
<li>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">Our work frequently takes us right up to the state of the art in technical innovation, be it reinforcement learning, distributed systems, generative AI, or deployment infrastructure. The defence industry is entering the most exciting phase of the technological development curve. Advances in our field of world are not incremental: Helsing is part of, and often leading, historic leaps forward</span></p>
</li>
<li>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">In our domain, success is a matter of order-of-magnitude improvements and novel capabilities. This means we take bets, aim high, and focus on big opportunities. Despite being a relatively young company, Helsing has already been selected for multiple significant government contracts</span></p>
</li>
<li>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">We actively encourage healthy, proactive, and diverse debate internally about what we do and how we choose to do it. Teams and individual engineers are trusted (and encouraged) to practise responsible autonomy and critical thinking, and to focus on outcomes, not conformity. At Helsing you will have a say in how we (and you!) work, the opportunity to engage on what does and doesn’t work, and to take ownership of aspects of our culture that you care deeply about</span></p>
</li>
</ul>
<h2 id="What-we-offer" data-renderer-start-pos="3238"><strong><span id="6afa48f9-b797-428b-aa69-0bc8163b3593" data-renderer-mark="true" data-mark-type="annotation" data-mark-annotation-type="inlineComment" data-id="6afa48f9-b797-428b-aa69-0bc8163b3593">What we offer</span></strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">A focus on outcomes, not time-tracking</span></p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Competitive compensation and stock options</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Relocation support</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Social and education allowances</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Regular company events and all-hands to bring together employees as one team across Europe</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><em data-stringify-type="italic">Helsing is an equal opportunities employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, religion, sexual orientation, age, marital status, disability or gender identity. Please do not submit personal data revealing racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, trade union membership, data concerning your health, or data concerning your sexual orientation.</em></p><div class="content-conclusion"><div>&nbsp;</div>
<div>Helsing's Candidate Privacy and Confidentiality Regime can be found <a href="https://helsing.ai/candidate-privacy-and-confidentiality-regime/" target="\_blank">here</a>.&nbsp;</div>
<div>&nbsp;</div>
<div>&nbsp;</div></div>