At Snappr, we make it effortless for businesses to access high-quality visual content at scale. As the world’s leading marketplace for photography, video, and editing, we connect top creators with brands that need to tell their stories through powerful visuals. By combining cutting-edge technology with a discerning eye for creativity, we help businesses grow through content that stands out.

Our culture is built on extreme ownership and peak performance. We are customer-obsessed, data-informed problem solvers who thrive on radical candor, embrace challenges by loving the dirt, and refuse mediocrity. We believe in accountability, humor, and diversity — and we’re united by a mission to help businesses tell better visual stories.

**About the team:**

Snappr is the world’s largest on-demand marketplace for visual content. Our teams are entrepreneurial, collaborative, and impact-driven — solving complex customer challenges at a global scale. Every project you take on will contribute to how businesses tell their stories visually, helping us set the standard for visual content worldwide.

**About the role:**

A **Social Media Specialist** is expected to **create engaging content to post on our social media pages**, **anduse marketing tools such as email, paid ads, and influencer marketing to convert users on our social media pages into paying customers**. Your work will have a meaningful impact - ensuring businesses everywhere can tell better visual stories.

## What you’ll do:

- Create and manage Snappr’s social media content calendar.
- Create new and engaging content across static images, videos, and animated gifs.
- Engage with and manage Snappr’s community on social media platforms.
- Run paid social media ads to promote Snappr’s products and services.
- Be on top of the latest content trends and have a passion for engaging with customers on social media.

## What you’ll need:

- At least 2+ years of experience managing a company’s social media content calendar including copywriting and design of posts.
- Experience managing social media accounts. Experience must be with a company that sells a B2C-related product or service.
- The ability to create content on your own with minimal direction using different media such as images, gifs, video, and text.
- Experience engaging with online communities.
- Experience with paid advertising is a bonus.
- Paid advertising and paid social is a bonus

## Job benefits:

- Competitive salary
- Transportation allowance provided
- 20% night differential (if applicable)
- Health Insurance (Day 1 HMO w/ dependents)
- Free daily meals
- Paid Time Off
- Company Equity