The start-up is building a next-generation AI companion platform focused on creating natural, adaptive, and emotionally engaging digital interactions. Its product combines advanced conversational AI, memory systems, and personalization technologies to deliver immersive user experiences that evolve over time.

**We are looking for** CRM Retention Specialist.

### **Job Responsibilities:**

* **Customer Segmentation and Campaigns:** Identify key customer segments, plan and execute campaigns based on behavior and preferences across multiple channels (email, webPush, etc.). Implementation of campaign logic and scenarios, testing and adjustments, etc.
* **Data Integration:** Prepare solutions to integrate the necessary data for task solving.
* **CRM Data Analysis & Reporting:** Analyze data in CDP/CRM and other system’s to measure the effectiveness and to reach best results from launched campaings.
* **Customer Feedback:** Collect, solve and analyze customer feedback to enhance the overall experience.
* **Collaboration with Other Teams:** Coordinate and manage efforts to improve user communications.
* **Keep product in mind:** Be first to test new product features, follow company relieases and check how they can effect retention’s efficiency.
* **Process Optimization:** Continuously evaluate and improve retention processes and workflows for increased efficiency.
* **Develop complex retention strategies for areas of business:** Create and execute customer retention strategies to enhance loyalty and reduce churn.
* **Global Retention Trends & Best Practices:** Stay ahead of industry trends and best practices to find and implement innovative solutions which fit best to company retention strategy
* **Advanced Customer Insights:** Leverage advanced analytics to prevent churn and identify best available options for improvement of retention strategy.
* **Cross-Functional Collaboration:** Work closely with other departments (product, tech, marketing) to ensure company-wide alignment on retention goals.
* **Sender reputation management:** Research theories or apply best practices affecting sender reputation, develop a sender warm-up strategy, delivery Improvement A/B tests, management of email delivery problems
* it is better for us that the new employee speaks Russian(not native)