<h2><strong>Who we are</strong></h2>
<h3><strong>About Stripe</strong></h3>
<p>Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies—from the world’s largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyone’s reach while doing the most important work of your career.</p>
<h3><strong>About the team</strong></h3>
<p>In this role, you’d be joining the Professional Services team. Our team’s mission is to empower every Stripe user to achieve maximum value from their investment quickly and confidently. Our team helps Stripe increase the GDP of the internet by supporting the success of our large, intricate Stripe implementations. This involves guiding users through their integration process, project planning, coordinating with stakeholders, handling deliverables, meeting key timelines, and educating our users about the maximum potential they can achieve with Stripe.</p>
<p>As an Implementation Consultant at Stripe, you are the driving force behind these strategic implementations. Your role is key in leading them through the integration process, turning them into long-term transacting Stripe users. Our team’s core objective is to provide an efficient, seamless transition for our clients, assuring top-notch user satisfaction and relationship management.</p>
<h2><strong>What you’ll do</strong></h2>
<p>As an Implementation Consultant, you will be managing the full onboarding cycle for mid-market and enterprise companies from contract signing through launch. You will proactively develop and manage integration architecture, change management strategy, and timelines. You will be expected to collaborate across departments, including Sales, Technical Services, Product, and Engineering, to ensure a successful transition for our clients.</p>
<h3><strong>Responsibilities</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Own the full onboarding cycle for mid-market and enterprise companies from contract signing through launch.</li>
<li>Develop, manage, and implement a customer’s integration architecture, change management strategy, and timeline.</li>
<li>Partner with other Sales and Technical Services teams to improve the overall Stripe user journey.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Engage with Product and Engineering teams to help drive product strategy for large users.</li>
<li>Collaborate with teammates on strategic projects that improve and scale our implementation process and team operations.</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Who you are</strong></h2>
<p>We’re looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply.&nbsp; The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.</p>
<h3><strong>Minimum requirements</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>8+ years of experience working with strategic customers on technology solutions, with a track record of top performance</li>
<li>Ability to understand complex business requirements and craft tailored solutions</li>
<li>Quick learner with the ability to explain technical concepts to Stripe’s largest customers</li>
<li>Proven project management skills and strong critical thinking abilities&nbsp;</li>
<li>Experience identifying and solving internal process inefficiencies&nbsp;</li>
<li>Superior verbal and written communication skills</li>
<li>Ability to operate independently in a highly ambiguous and fast-paced environment</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>Preferred qualifications</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Prior experience at a growth stage Internet/software company</li>
<li>Experience in the payments industry</li>
<li>Knowledge of APIs&nbsp;</li>
<li>Knowledge of SQL</li>
</ul>