<p>Looking to start your career in a fast-paced commercial role? Seeking to have immediate personal impact with a clear career path ahead of you? If so, our Associate Program is the right choice for you.</p>
<p><strong>Springboard your career with us if:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>You thrive in a fast-paced, results-oriented environment.</li>
<li>You possess a client-first mindset.</li>
<li>You excel under pressure and enjoy working to tight deadlines.</li>
<li>You are gritty, resilient and ready to roll up your sleeves and make things happen.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>A day in the life of an Associate</strong></p>
<p>As an Associate in the Client Service team, you’ll be the link between our clients and the expert knowledge they seek. Throughout your workday, you’ll work on multiple projects from investors, strategists and dealmakers at top-tier client organizations seeking expert insights to inform their decision-making. This is a communications-intense frontline role requiring you to multitask across parallel workstreams.</p>
<p><strong>Your responsibilities will include:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><strong>Recruiting experts</strong>: you will spend a significant part of your day speaking on the phone with experts who are uniquely relevant matches for your clients’ projects, often under tight deadlines.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Understanding the <strong>project and market context</strong> and the legal and regulatory environment in which your clients and experts operate.&nbsp;</li>
<li><strong>Taking ownership</strong> of every aspect of your projects, from initiating and managing client-expert communications to meticulously scheduling calls to ensure seamless collaboration between them.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Ensuring success for our Associates means:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ol>
<li>Giving you an <strong>introduction to the business world</strong> without being pigeonholed into any one industry or profession.</li>
<li>Helping you <strong>develop transferable commercial and client management skills</strong> spanning professional communications, negotiation, persuasion, project and time management.</li>
<li>A <strong>clear career path for advancement</strong> to Manager after 24-30 months, and to Vice President after ~5 years.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Successful completion of the Associate Program may qualify you for our <strong>MBA Tuition Program</strong>, which provides financial support towards the program cost of some of the top business schools worldwide.</li>
</ol>
<p><strong>Requirements</strong></p>
<p>You’ll need to bring your A game to work, daily. We are looking for:</p>
<ul>
<li>Strong academic credentials (undergraduate degree of 2:1 or above).</li>
<li>Noteworthy extracurricular achievement throughout school and university.</li>
<li>Relevant internship experience</li>
<li>Fluent English and French or C2 level is required; experience living or working in continental Europe is desired</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Benefits</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Expect total first-year compensation ranging from £48,500-£57,500 (average to high performance) consisting of (i) annual base salary of £41,500 and (ii) uncapped variable compensation linked to individual performance.</li>
<li>4% matched pension contribution on qualified earnings.</li>
<li>Comprehensive private health insurance coverage and dental insurance.</li>
<li>25 vacation days in addition to bank holidays and business closure between Christmas and New Year’s.</li>
<li>Offices in central London; subsidised lunch plus free breakfast, snacks and fruit throughout the day.</li>
<li>Option to work from home on Fridays.</li>
</ul>