At Layup Parts, our mission is simple: deliver composite parts faster. We’re not just another machine shop, we’re a technology-first manufacturing startup that’s transforming how composite parts are made for the aerospace, defense, and motorsports industries. Our customers are developing tomorrow's high-tech products, and we are building technology to accelerate their success.

We value initiative, teamwork, and a get-it-done attitude. At Layup Parts we’re building a crew of outstanding individuals who take pride in their work, learn from one another, and aren’t afraid to tackle challenges head-on.

**This position will be supporting our 2nd shift.**  We offer $[1.50](http://1.50) shift differential for the entire shift with a start time of 2:00PM.

## What You’ll Do:

- **Prepare and maintain tooling:** Sand, polish, seal, release, and maintain molds.
- **Lay up parts:** Place plies using templates, dimensions, or projection systems; apply release film, peel ply, breather, thermocouples, etc.
- **Bag and cure:** Build and install vacuum bags, perform leak tests, and run assigned cure cycles.
- **Demold and finish:** Remove cured parts, trim, bond assemblies, and prepare bond lines.
- **Drive improvements:** Provide feedback to engineering for process and design enhancements.
- **Stay organized:** Document material usage, freeze/thaw status, cure data, and production activities in Layup’s internal systems.

## What We’re Looking For:

- **Be awesome! Be the kind of person you want to work with!**
- Be a strong team member, able to give and accept help to deliver quality parts on time.
- Identify and solve problems quickly, and communicate issues clearly to leadership and engineering to prevent recurring issues.
- Have a high sense of urgency, with a strong attention to detail and a resolve to deliver the highest quality.
- Have 3+ years experience as a technician in prepreg composites manufacturing, and have an understanding of industry best practices for things like intensifiers/caul plates, adhesive films, core splicing, hard points, ply drops, debulking, etc.
- Be comfortable to read and interpret layup books, as well as working from process controlling work instructions.
- Be proficient in using common measuring and assembly tools such as calipers, scales, tape measures, torque wrenches, hand drills, etc.
- Be comfortable learning new methods and technologies, and incorporating them into your workflow.
- Ability to lift 50 lbs, stand for long periods and work hands-on in a production setting.

## Preferred:

- Experience in aerospace and/or motorsport.
- Experience with both in and out of autoclave manufacturing.
- Experience in multiple aspects of the manufacturing process such as: operating ply cutter, mold finishing and releasing, mold maintenance, lamination, bagging, curing, de-molding, trimming and/or finishing.
- Experience in other composites manufacturing methods like vacuum infusion (VARTM), compression molding/hot pressed molding, trapped rubber molding, and wet-layup.
- Have the flexibility to work extended hours/weekends when required to meet customer timelines.

Layup is an equal-opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will be treated with respect and receive equal consideration for employment without regard to race, color, creed, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, uniform service, Veteran status, age, or any other protected characteristic per federal, state, or local law, including those with a criminal history, in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable state and local laws, including the CA Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance.

ITAR Requirements - To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C. § 1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C. § 1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR [here](https://www.pmddtc.state.gov/?id=ddtc_kb_article_page&sys_id=24d528fddbfc930044f9ff621f961987).