Over 55 Years of Family Integrity. Irv Hirsch started AA Service Co. Heating & Cooling in the early 1960’s out of his garage and built it into a thriving enterprise through hard work, a can-do attitude and the highest level of business and personal integrity. He knew all along that business is personal. He knew people do business with people they trust, people they can count upon when they have a problem, people who will stand behind their work.

The AA SERVICE FACILITY

*Information & Communications*

24-hour emergency dispatch center guarantees access when customers need it most. Call our main phone number anytime and you will be provided with 24 hour service 365 days a year, from a real person.

**Installation Coordinator**

AA Service Co. Heating, Cooling & Plumbing has an exciting opportunity to support our growing business. The Installation Coordinator will learn from and work with the Installation Manager in the daily and strategic scheduling of residential HVAC installations, while handling customer concerns.

**Responsibilities:**

·         Schedule HVAC installations and handle reschedules accordingly

·         Process paperwork and online forms such as equipment registrations, installation contracts, warranties, permits, etc.

·         Assist in pre and post-installation customer concerns as needed

·         Assist install manager with other duties and ad hoc projects as assigned

**You Must Have:**

·         Stellar time management skills

·         Must be very detail oriented

·         Ability to complete tasks in a timely manner, overcome obstacles, and deliver results

·         Strong Communication skills, both written and verbal

·         Interpersonal skills

·         Ability to maintain confidentiality

·         Analytical and problem-solving skills

·         Intermediate to expert-level computer skills, as well as working knowledge of Microsoft Office

·         Interest in sales/competitive nature

·         Ability to see projects and tasks to completion

·         Desire and drive to be the best

**Qualifications:**

·         3-5 years of work experience in a professional environment

·         Customer service experience

·         Job Type: Full-time

**Pay Rate: $20-$27 per hour**

**Schedule:**

·         Monday through Friday and the occasional Saturday

**Job Type:** Full-time