<div class="content-intro"><h3>About ClickHouse</h3>
<p>Recognized on the 2025 Forbes Cloud 100 list, ClickHouse is one of the most innovative and fast-growing private cloud companies. With more than 3,000 customers and ARR that has grown over 250 percent year over year, ClickHouse leads the market in real-time analytics, data warehousing, observability, and AI workloads.</p>
<p>The company’s sustained, accelerating momentum was recently validated by a $400M Series D financing round. Over the past three months, customers including Capital One, Lovable, Decagon, Polymarket, and Airwallex have adopted the platform or expanded existing deployments. These customers join an established base of AI innovators and global brands such as Meta, Cursor, Sony, and Tesla.</p>
<p>We’re on a mission to transform how companies use data. Come be a part of our journey!</p></div><p>We are expanding our GTM team and are looking for an Enterprise Account Executive to drive net-new logo acquisition across enterprise accounts in Texas. If you have a background selling technical infrastructure, we'd love to hear from you!&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>What you will be doing:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Identify and nurture opportunities, build and foster pipeline, close short term Cloud monthly contracts as well as annual committed spend arrangements.&nbsp;&nbsp;</li>
<li>Articulate and evangelize the vision and positioning of both the company and products.</li>
<li>Use a solution-based approach to selling and creating value for customers.</li>
<li>Promote the innovation happening around ClickHouse that is powering ClickHouse Cloud.</li>
<li>Track customer details including use cases details, decision criteria, next steps, and forecasting in Salesforce.</li>
<li>Accurately forecast business on a monthly cadence.</li>
<li>Contribute to the user and developer community in the region by engaging in affinity meetups but also driving ClickHouse specific meetups in key metro cities.&nbsp;&nbsp;</li>
<li>Working long (but rewarding) hours at a very high growth startup.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>What you bring along:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Proactively and efficiently manage resources with dedicated teams, virtual teams, and executive staff around sales opportunities to ensure successful outcomes</li>
<li>Align the ClickHouse’s Cloud solution to the customer’s business needs, challenges, and technical requirements.</li>
<li>Recent experience working with GenAI or AI Native companies.&nbsp;</li>
<li>4-6+ years of experience at a minimum with Open Source software business models is preferred and proficiency in Cloud and Infrastructure software is a minimum requirement.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Passion for building long lasting customer relationships and working cross-functionally within a diverse team to deliver outstanding results.</li>
<li>Strong business acumen and technology focus with outstanding communication both written and oral, negotiation and presentation skills.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Bonus Points for:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Sales experience with cloud SaaS, data analytics and/or observability solutions</li>
<li>Entrepreneurial spirit with a track record for delivering results in fast-moving environments.</li>
<li>Experience effectively working remotely in a global, distributed organization.&nbsp;</li>
</ul><div class="content-pay-transparency"><div class="pay-input"><div class="title">The typical starting salary for this role in the US is</div><div class="pay-range"><span>$270,000</span><span class="divider">&mdash;</span><span>$330,000 USD</span></div></div><div class="pay-input"><div class="title">The typical starting salary for this role in US Premium Markets is</div><div class="pay-range"><span>$290,000</span><span class="divider">&mdash;</span><span>$350,000 USD</span></div></div></div><div class="content-conclusion"><h3><strong>Compensation</strong></h3>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">For roles based in the&nbsp;<strong>United States</strong>, t</span>he typical starting salary range for this position is listed above. In certain locations, such as the San Francisco Bay Area and the New York City Metro Area, a premium market range may apply, as listed.</p>
<p class="p1">These salary ranges reflect what we reasonably and in good faith believe to be the minimum and maximum pay for this role at the time of posting. The actual compensation may be higher or lower than the amounts listed, and the ranges may be subject to future adjustments.</p>
<p class="p1">An individual’s placement within the range will depend on various factors, including (but not limited to) education, qualifications, certifications, experience, skills, location, performance, and the needs of the business or organization.</p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">If you have any questions or comments about compensation as a candidate, please get in touch with us at&nbsp;<a href="mailto:paytransparency@clickhouse.com">paytransparency@clickhouse.com</a>.</span></p>
<h3><strong>Perks</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><strong>Flexible work environment</strong><span style="font-weight: 400;"> - ClickHouse is a globally distributed company and remote-friendly. We currently operate in over 20 countries.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><strong>Healthcare</strong><span style="font-weight: 400;"> - Employer contributions towards your healthcare.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><strong>Equity in the company</strong><span style="font-weight: 400;"> - Every new team member who joins our company receives stock options.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><strong>Time off</strong><span style="font-weight: 400;"> - Flexible time off in the US, generous entitlement in other countries.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><strong>A $500 Home office setup </strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">if you’re a remote employee.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><strong>Global Gatherings </strong>– We believe in the power of in-person connection and offer opportunities to engage with colleagues at company-wide offsites.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Culture - We All Shape It</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">As part of a rapidly scaling start up, you will be instrumental in shaping our culture.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Are you interested in finding out more about our culture? &nbsp;Learn more about our values <a href="https://clickhouse.com/company/careers">here</a>.&nbsp; Check out our<a href="https://clickhouse.com/blog"> blog posts</a> or follow us on <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/company/clickhouseinc/life/0c1ee7f4-2129-488d-b413-e7f6270659fd/?viewAsMember=true">LinkedIn</a> to find out more about what’s happening at ClickHouse.</span></p>
<p><strong>Equal Opportunity &amp; Privacy&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>ClickHouse provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any type based on factors such as race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws.&nbsp;</p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Please see&nbsp;<a href="https://clickhouse.com/legal/applicant-privacy-notice" target="\_blank" data-saferedirecturl="https://www.google.com/url?q=https://www.elastic.co/legal/applicant-privacy-statement&amp;source=gmail&amp;ust=1611068262479000&amp;usg=AFQjCNG3orAPk5sJIr9WVm0ZDxYw82c5DA">here</a>&nbsp;for our Privacy Statement.</span></p></div>