<div class="content-intro"><p><strong>Who we are&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>At Twilio, we’re shaping the future of communications, all from the comfort of our homes. We deliver innovative solutions to<a class="c-link" href="https://customers.twilio.com/" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://customers.twilio.com/" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">&nbsp;hundreds of thousands of businesses&nbsp;</a>and empower millions of developers worldwide to craft personalized customer experiences.</p>
<p>Our dedication to <a class="c-link" href="https://www.twilio.com/en-us/blog/open-work" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://www.twilio.com/en-us/blog/open-work" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">remote-first work</a>, and strong culture of connection and global inclusion means that no matter your location, you’re part of a vibrant team with diverse experiences making a global impact each day. As we continue to revolutionize how the world interacts, we’re acquiring new skills and experiences that make work feel truly rewarding. Your career at Twilio is in your hands.<br><br>We use Artificial Intelligence (AI) to help make our hiring process efficient. That said, every hiring decision is made by real Twilions!</p>
<p><span style="color: rgb(255, 255, 255);">.</span></p></div><p><strong>See yourself at Twilio</strong></p>
<p>Join the team as Twilio’s next Onboarding Operations Specialist (L1)</p>
<p><strong>About the job</strong></p>
<p>Twilio is seeking an Onboarding Operations Specialist (L1) to join our global Onboarding and Compliance team. In this role, you will work directly with customers and internal teams to support Toll-Free Verification onboarding, ensuring adherence to carrier and regulatory requirements.</p>
<p>This entry-level role focuses on guiding customers through verification, assessing business legitimacy, and identifying risks to ensure a secure and compliant onboarding process. You will also contribute to improving operational workflows and upholding industry standards.</p>
<p>The Onboarding and Compliance team plays a vital role in maintaining trust and reliability in Twilio’s ecosystem by safeguarding against fraudulent activity and streamlining the onboarding experience. Your work will help businesses navigate the verification process efficiently while ensuring compliance.</p>
<p><strong>Responsibilities</strong></p>
<p>In this role, you’ll:</p>
<ul>
<li>Review verification submissions for compliance, conduct KYC checks, verify brand legitimacy, and analyze digital footprints to prevent fraud.</li>
<li>Perform QA on AI-generated decisions and agent-resolved submissions to ensure accuracy, consistency, and compliance with verification standards.</li>
<li>Analyze verification processes and appeals to detect patterns, optimize workflows, and mitigate risks.</li>
<li>Handle escalations for complex verification cases, working with internal teams to resolve issues efficiently.</li>
<li>Collaborate with internal teams to streamline onboarding, improve compliance enforcement, and align on best practices.</li>
<li>Maintain process documentation, contribute to best practices, and support team efficiency.</li>
<li>Support a positive, high-performing team culture by sharing insights and collaborating with colleagues.</li>
<li>Wear the Customer’s Shoes – Provide prompt, high-quality support via email, Slack, and ServiceNow.</li>
<li>Draw the Owl – Investigate verification issues, assess inefficiencies, and develop solutions to improve workflows.</li>
<li>Ruthlessly Prioritize – Manage high-volume inquiries, meet SLAs, and effectively balance multiple priorities.</li>
<li>Be Bold – Stay informed on compliance and industry changes, proactively refining workflows and compliance strategies.</li>
<li>Be an Owner – Monitor onboarding progress, troubleshoot verification issues, and guide internal teams &amp; customers to ensure a seamless experience.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Qualifications&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>Twilio values diverse experiences from all kinds of industries, and we encourage everyone who meets the required qualifications to apply. If your career is just starting or hasn't followed a traditional path, don't let that stop you from considering Twilio. We are always looking for people who will bring something new to the table!</p>
<p><strong>\*Required:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Ability to work effectively in a remote environment, demonstrating strong time management, self-discipline, and communication skills.</li>
<li>Availability to work Monday-Friday, 8:00 AM – 5:00 PM CT or 9:00 AM – 6:00 PM CT</li>
<li>1-2 years of experience in an operations and customer facing role, with exposure to cross-functional collaboration.</li>
<li>Strong ability to prioritize tasks, manage workloads efficiently, and meet SLAs.</li>
<li>Excellent verbal and written communication skills, with strong attention to detail in document review and risk assessment.</li>
<li>A customer-centric mindset, with a commitment to delivering high-quality support and ensuring a seamless experience.</li>
<li>Problem-solving mindset, with the ability to assess situations, think critically, and make sound decisions.</li>
<li>Quick adaptability to new systems, workflows, and evolving business needs.</li>
<li>A collaborative team mindset, with the ability to work both independently and cross-functionally.</li>
<li>Self-motivated, receptive to feedback, and committed to continuous improvement.</li>
<li>Willingness to take on new challenges and grow with evolving business needs</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Desired:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Familiarity with Google Workspace and Microsoft 365</li>
<li>Experience with ServiceNow, Zendesk, Slack, or similar platforms used for workflow and team collaboration.</li>
<li>Experience conducting KYC checks, verifying brand legitimacy, and analyzing digital footprints with strong attention to compliance details.</li>
<li>Quality assurance expertise in process review, improvement, and compliance with best practices and code of conduct.</li>
<li>Ability to prioritize tasks, multi-task effectively, and handle responsibilities within defined SLAs.</li>
<li>Experience in project coordination, ensuring smooth task execution, and managing multiple priorities efficiently.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Location</strong></p>
<p>This role will be based remotely in Colombia&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Travel&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>We prioritize connection and opportunities to build relationships with our customers and each other. For this role, you may be required to travel occasionally to participate in project or team in-person meetings.</p>
<p><strong>What We Offer</strong></p>
<p>Working at Twilio offers many benefits, including competitive pay, generous time off, ample parental and wellness leave, healthcare, a retirement savings program, and much more. Offerings vary by location.</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>Twilio thinks big. Do you?</strong></p>
<p>We like to solve problems, take initiative, pitch in when needed, and are always up for trying new things. That's why we seek out colleagues who embody our values — something we call <a href="https://www.twilio.com/company/values">Twilio Magic</a>. Additionally, we empower employees to build <a href="https://twilio.org/support-and-resources/impact-fund">positive change in their communities</a> by supporting their volunteering and donation efforts.</p>
<p>So, if you're ready to unleash your full potential, do your best work, and be the best version of yourself, apply now! If this role isn't what you're looking for, <a href="https://www.twilio.com/company/jobs#open-positions">please consider other open positions.</a></p>
<p><strong>Twilio is proud to be an equal opportunity employer.</strong> We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, reproductive health decisions, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, genetic information, political views or activity, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Qualified applicants with arrest or conviction records will be considered for employment in accordance with the Los Angeles County Fair Chance Ordinance for Employers and the California Fair Chance Act. Additionally, Twilio participates in the E-Verify program in certain locations, as required by law.</p></div>