<div class="content-intro"><p><strong>Secure Every Identity, from AI to Human<br><br></strong>Identity is the key to unlocking the potential of AI. Okta secures AI by building the trusted, neutral infrastructure that enables organizations to safely embrace this new era. This work requires a relentless drive to solve complex challenges with real-world stakes. We are looking for builders and owners who operate with speed and urgency and execute with excellence.<br><br>This is an opportunity to do career-defining work. We're all in on this mission. If you are too, let's talk.</p></div><div class="SingleJob-content">
<p><strong>The Federal Sales Team</strong></p>
<p>We are seeking a passionate, results oriented, sales professional to drive revenue growth calling on Federal accounts.&nbsp; Our Federal Account Executives are<strong> </strong>individual contributors who play a vital role in driving a significant share of revenue for Okta. We provide our reps with an environment in which they can make valuable contributions from day one while also building opportunities for learning and growth.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>The Federal Account Executive Opportunity</strong></p>
<p>Reporting to the Area Sales Director, this role will drive the sales process for Federal customers. Our Federal AE will lead the sales process within an assigned territory. The right candidate for the position will enjoy closing new logos while simultaneously managing and expanding a book of install base customers. Our FED AE's organize and conduct sales presentations, site visits and product demonstrations to prospects and represent Okta in a consistent, effective and professional manner to best develop and win new clients.</p>
<p><strong>What you’ll be doing&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Meet or exceed monthly, quarterly and yearly revenue targets</li>
<li>Continually Build and Grow a robust sales pipeline within the Civilian Agencies</li>
<li>Work with partners to extend reach &amp; drive adoption</li>
<li>Lead contract negotiations</li>
<li>Ensure customer happiness and success</li>
<li>Moderate travel as needed</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>What you’ll bring to the role</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>5+ years of FED sales and account management experience in a SaaS/Cloud B2B environment with focus on Civilian</li>
<li>ISV or Channel experience strongly preferred&nbsp;&nbsp;</li>
<li>IT/Security sales experience strongly preferred</li>
<li>Education - BS/BA or Equivalent related professional experience</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>And extra credit if you have experience in any of the following!&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Cloud First&nbsp;</li>
<li>Security</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Additional requirements:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>This position requires the ability to access federal environments and/or have access to protected federal data.&nbsp; As a condition of employment for this position, the successful candidate must be able to submit documentation establishing U.S. Person status (e.g. a U.S. Citizen, National, Lawful Permanent Resident, Refugee, or Asylee. 22 CFR 120.15) upon hire.</li>
</ul>
<p>P3205\_3397876</p>
<p>#LI-Remote</p>
</div><div class="content-pay-transparency"><div class="pay-input"><div class="description"><p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Below is the annual On Target Compensation (OTE) range for candidates located in California (excluding San Francisco Bay Area), Colorado, Illinois, New York and Washington. Your actual OTE, which is inclusive of base salary and incentive compensation, will depend on factors such as your skills, qualifications, experience, and work location. In addition, Okta offers equity (where applicable) and benefits, including health, dental and vision insurance, 401(k), flexible spending account, and paid leave (including PTO and parental leave) in accordance with our applicable plans and policies. To learn more about our Total Rewards program please visit:&nbsp;</span><a href="https://rewards.okta.com/us"><span style="font-weight: 400;">https://rewards.okta.com/us</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">.&nbsp;<br></span></p></div><div class="title">The annual OTE range for this position for candidates located in California (excluding San Francisco Bay Area), Colorado, Illinois, New York, and Washington is between:</div><div class="pay-range"><span>$288,000</span><span class="divider">&mdash;</span><span>$432,000 USD</span></div></div></div><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong><br>The Okta Experience</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><a href="http://rewards.okta.com">Supporting Your Well-Being</a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="https://www.okta.com/company/okta-for-good/">Driving Social Impact&nbsp;</a></li>
<li><a href="https://www.okta.com/company/talent-connection-community/">Developing Talent and Fostering Connection + Community</a></li>
</ul>
<p>We are intentional about connection. Our global community, spanning over 20 offices worldwide, is united by a drive to innovate. Your journey begins with an immersive, in-person onboarding experience designed to accelerate your impact and connect you to our mission and team from day one.<br><br>Okta is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, marital status, age, physical or mental disability, or status as a protected veteran. We also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and convictions records, consistent with applicable laws.<br><br>If reasonable accommodation is needed to complete any part of the job application, interview process, or onboarding please&nbsp;<a href="https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1EfiEYZrIyhA2X4Fijk0R3RKYOzNoS3wtvyM4nhbZnXE/edit">use this Form</a> to request an accommodation.<br><br>Notice for New York City Applicants &amp; Employees: Okta may use Automated Employment Decision Tools (AEDT), as defined by New York City Local Law 144, that use artificial intelligence, machine learning, or other automated processes to assist in our recruitment and hiring process. In accordance with NYC Local Law 144, if you are an applicant or employee residing in New York City, please&nbsp;<a href="https://talent.okta.com/new-york-city-aedt-notice.html">click here</a> to view our full NYC AEDT Notice.<br><br>Okta is committed to complying with applicable data privacy and security laws and regulations. For more information, please see our Personnel and Job Candidate Privacy Notice at&nbsp;<a href="https://www.okta.com/legal/personnel-policy/">https://www.okta.com/legal/personnel-policy/</a>.</p></div>