<div class="content-intro"><h2><span data-sheets-root="1">About Wolt</span></h2>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">At Wolt, we create technology that brings joy, simplicity and earnings to the neighborhoods of the world. In 2014 we started with delivery of restaurant food. Now we’re building the delivery of (almost) everything and you’ll find us in over 500 cities in 30 countries around the world. In 2022 we joined forces with DoorDash and together we keep on dreaming big and expanding across the globe.<br><br>Working at Wolt isn’t always easy, but it’s definitely exciting. Here you’ll learn more, build more, and ship more than in most other companies. You’ll be challenged a lot, but also have a lot of fun on the way. So, if you’re a self-starter with drive and entrepreneurial spirit, this could be the ride of your life.</span></p></div><p>Wolt is building the ultimate Commerce Platform (CP) engine, and we are executing our 2026 Strategic Framework to start operating as a one stop shop platform and seamlessly integrate Drive, Parcel, Storefront and more into our core commercial operating model.</p>
<p>We are looking for a strategic and execution-focused Revenue Operations Manager to drive this transition. This role will oversee the scaling of the Commerce Platform by leveraging our current commercial engine and embedding CP into existing Wolt mechanics, ensuring consistency, scalability, and organizational alignment. The role expands on all Wolt markets globally!</p>
<h2><strong>What you’ll be doing</strong></h2>
<p>As the Revenue Operations Manager for the Commerce Platform, you will help build the operational vision and lead together with the Central team the phased execution to transition CP into standard Wolt commercial products. You will align processes across Sales, Account Management (AM), and Merchant Ops to unlock scalable growth.&nbsp;</p>
<h2><strong>Day-to-day in this role you’ll:</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li><strong>Drive the phased execution roadmap</strong> transitioning the organization from active sales with limited scope to a full-scale standard Wolt commercial motion</li>
<li><strong>Align CP sales structures to Wolt and overall Marketplace standards</strong>, ensuring CP products are being rolled out in accordance to Wolt priorities commercially</li>
<li><strong>Collaborate cross-functionally</strong> with Selection Intelligence (to produce CP hitlists), Central team (to prepare them for troubleshooting and post-activation support), and existing Sales/AM teams.</li>
<li><strong>In the first 3-6 months, focus on data cleanup and structural alignment</strong> to unify CP merchants under guidance, guardrails and targets, set up KPIs for dedicated CP sales teams, and remove internal friction.</li>
<li><strong>Within 6–12 months, achieve a full-scale rollout</strong> by broadening CP sales motions and roadmap execution is being scaled globally&nbsp;</li>
<li><strong>Report progress to senior management </strong>and proactively manage key stakeholder communication to identify opportunities for improvements and scalability</li>
<li><strong>Ad hoc analysis</strong>, commercial support, frameworks, guidelines and guardrails building for management</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Our humble expectations</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Experience in Revenue Operations, Sales Strategy, or leading complex commercial integrations, with a strong track record of driving cross-functional alignment.</li>
<li><strong>Proven ability to manage phased system and operational rollouts</strong>, particularly experience with <strong>Salesforce/CRM implementation</strong> as a single system of record.</li>
<li><strong>Strong understanding of distinct sales</strong> motions, including Enterprise (ENT) Sales, SMB Sales, Account Management, and support services.</li>
<li><strong>Experience standardizing incentive models,</strong> variable pay structures, and performance tracking (cockpits) across large commercial organizations.</li>
<li><strong>Strategic communicator who can craft vision</strong>, build trust with stakeholders, and translate complex data cleanup and structural requirements into clear, actionable roadmaps.</li>
<li><strong>Strength in setting strategy</strong> and translating it into OKRs and KPIs (such as activities/won deals) with clear accountability.</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Why you’ll love it</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li><strong>🚀Global and growing fast:</strong> Be part of a fast-moving scaleup.</li>
<li><strong>🤩Ride of a lifetime:</strong> Accelerate your career and build your sales skills.</li>
<li><strong>💪Instant impact:</strong> Take ownership and make a difference.</li>
<li><strong>💙Big hearts and small egos:</strong> Surround yourself with smart, friendly people.</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Next steps</strong></h2>
<p>If you are excited about working in a high-growth environment, taking ownership, and being part of an extremely ambitious team, then click below to apply, make sure to add your CV and get the conversation going! We will be reviewing applications on an on-going basis. If this sounds like an opportunity you want to pursue, apply today! 💙</p>
<p><iframe src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/GoL541\_xj9w" width="560" height="314"></iframe></p><div class="content-conclusion"><h2><span data-sheets-root="1">Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion</span></h2>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">We’re committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. That’s why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.</span></p></div>