<div class="content-intro"><h2><span data-sheets-root="1">About Wolt</span></h2>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">At Wolt, we create technology that brings joy, simplicity and earnings to the neighborhoods of the world. In 2014 we started with delivery of restaurant food. Now we’re building the delivery of (almost) everything and you’ll find us in over 500 cities in 30 countries around the world. In 2022 we joined forces with DoorDash and together we keep on dreaming big and expanding across the globe.<br><br>Working at Wolt isn’t always easy, but it’s definitely exciting. Here you’ll learn more, build more, and ship more than in most other companies. You’ll be challenged a lot, but also have a lot of fun on the way. So, if you’re a self-starter with drive and entrepreneurial spirit, this could be the ride of your life.</span></p></div><h2><strong>About the Team</strong></h2>
<p>Our Wolt Workplace team runs our offices, to ensure our workplaces’ functionality, comfort, safety, sustainability and efficiency. Our Workplace Managers in-country ensure that our offices are properly set up for collaboration and focus as well as ensuring that our smaller satellite locations are appropriately supported and well-equipped, and that workplace programs cater to a diverse population of onsite and remote employees. Workplace is a part of the wider Real Estate &amp; Facilities teams and in partnership with the wider team we aim to remove any and all friction in the physical space that prevents our employees from being their most successful.</p>
<p>You’ll be responsible for the Workplace Experience and Operations for a specific country, running things on the ground and creating functional and efficient workplaces for our Austrian offices, employees and guests.</p>
<h2><strong>Role background</strong></h2>
<p>Wolt is looking for a Workplace Coordinator on a permanent basis, who will report to the Regional Workplace Manager, Central and work out of our Austrian office. It’s an exciting time to be joining our Wolt offices teams as we begin to evolve our Real Estate and Workplace function, with a focus on both Workplace Experience and Operations. You will play an important role in supporting our Workplace operations onsite and be a valued part of our global teams to help shape our workplace function.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Offering an exciting and fast-paced work environment, we are looking for a committed, hands-on, customer-focused individual with the ability to keep pace with our dynamic growth. Workplace Coordinators are responsible for supporting our exceptional workplace experience to all employees, visitors, contractors and courier partners, while ensuring an optimal use of resources. You will be supporting our Regional Workplace Manager, Central and wider Real Estate &amp; Facilities teams to ensure our workplace functionality, comfort, safety, sustainability and efficiency; that our office is properly set up for collaboration and focus, as well as providing remote support for any smaller satellite sites.</p>
<h2><strong>What you’ll be doing</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Own the day-to-day implementation of policies, procedures, and programs that assure a well-managed, well-maintained building which accommodates the safety of the occupants and visitors.</li>
<li>Be the go-to point to manage requests from employees related to office operations through Slack, email and our ticketing system, escalating to the Regional Workplace Manager, Central or wider Real Estate &amp; Facilities teams / other internal teams as required.</li>
<li>Help create and update our office wide communications and technology systems and training materials related to office practices.</li>
<li>Manage office supplies and consumables (stationery, swag, janitorial products, snacks and beverages) selection, ordering and inventory.</li>
<li>Cross-Team collaboration (IT and People Operations) to update seating plans, occupancy reports, team relocations and onboarding / off-boarding protocols.</li>
<li>Assist the Regional Workplace Manager, Central to conduct regular office walkthroughs to ensure service expectations are met.</li>
<li>Support Site Wide Event coordination, creating and communicating processes for employees to self manage internal events, and coordinating workplace specific event related tasks such as cleaning, room setup and building specific protocols.</li>
<li>Assist the Regional Workplace Manager, Central in providing education and training to Vendor Partners including Receptionists and Facilities Managers on Wolt values and practices.</li>
<li>Assist with Reception and Mail and package organization and distribution duties as required, presenting a professional and welcoming first contact to all visitors.</li>
<li>Manage Key registers and access authorisation as required by the Regional Workplace Manager, Central.</li>
<li>Provide backup support for the Regional Workplace Manager, Central for sickness and holiday cover.</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>What we look for</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Experience in Office or Facilities Management fields in a global organization within a fast-paced and high growth environment.</li>
<li>Self motivated and proactive, with confidence in knowing when to make a decision, and when to seek further clarification.</li>
<li>Strong and passionate Customer focus.</li>
<li>Excellent written and verbal communication skills in English and the local language..</li>
<li>Comfortable collaborating in person with a diverse audience as well as remotely and dynamically using digital tools such as GSuite, Slack and Zoom.</li>
<li>Event Management experience a bonus.</li>
<li>Strong organizational and multitasking abilities.</li>
<li>Demonstrable problem solving skills, with the ability to make fast and quality decisions based on current occupant, team and department needs</li>
</ul>
<h2>Compensation</h2>
<p>The successful candidate’s starting pay will fall within the pay range listed below and is determined based on factors such as the candidate’s skills, experience and qualifications. Please note, that the starting pay may vary if the candidate does not fully meet the expectations as outlined in this job posting.&nbsp;</p>
<p>The salary below is the monthly salary range for this position.&nbsp;</p>
<p>To learn more about our benefits, please do not hesitate to bring this up with our Talent Acquisition Partner!</p>
<p><iframe src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/GoL541\_xj9w" width="560" height="314"></iframe></p><div class="content-pay-transparency"><div class="pay-input"><div class="title">Austria Pay Range:</div><div class="pay-range"><span>€3.338</span><span class="divider">&mdash;</span><span>€4.172 EUR</span></div></div></div><div class="content-conclusion"><h2><span data-sheets-root="1">Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion</span></h2>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">We’re committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. That’s why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.</span></p></div>