<div class="content-intro"><p>Intercom is the AI Customer Service company on a mission to help businesses provide incredible customer experiences.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Our AI agent Fin, the most advanced customer service AI agent on the market, lets businesses deliver always-on, impeccable customer service and ultimately transform their customer experiences for the better. Fin can also be combined with our Helpdesk to become a complete solution called the Intercom Customer Service Suite, which provides AI enhanced support for the more complex or high touch queries that require a human agent.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Founded in 2011 and trusted by nearly 30,000 global businesses, Intercom is setting the new standard for customer service. Driven by our core values, we push boundaries, build with speed and intensity, and consistently deliver incredible value to our customers.</p></div><h2>What's the opportunity?&nbsp;</h2>
<p>Over the past twelve months, we’ve seen rapidly growing demand for Software Engineers who thrive at the intersection of deep technical work, customer impact, and product strategy. As Intercom’s AI Agent for Customer Service, Fin, becomes mission-critical for our most strategic customers, we’re building a team of Forward Deployed Software Engineers to help bridge the gap between customer needs and product innovation.</p>
<p>As a Forward Deployed Software Engineer, you’ll work hands-on with some of Intercom’s most strategic customers, partnering closely with our R&amp;D and Go-to-Market teams to design and deliver high-impact solutions. You’ll go beyond implementation — helping shape product direction, influencing roadmap decisions, and ensuring Fin delivers real, measurable business outcomes in complex, real-world environments.</p>
<p>If you’re excited by ownership, creativity, and solving ambiguous problems, and you want to work at the frontier of applied AI while collaborating with world-class Product, Engineering, and GTM teams, this role offers a rare opportunity to combine technical excellence with real customer impact.</p>
<h2>What will I be doing?&nbsp;</h2>
<ul>
<li>Drive adoption of Fin by helping prospects unlock the power of Intercom’s AI capabilities to automate and scale their support operations</li>
<li>Embed deeply with strategic customers to understand their business challenges and technical requirements, and provide the insight needed to achieve outstanding results with Fin</li>
<li>Work hands-on with customers’ technical teams as a trusted technical expert, coding side-by-side to drive projects through to completion</li>
<li>Collaborate closely with Sales, Success, and Product teams to ensure seamless customer experiences, successful project delivery, and actionable product feedback</li>
<li>Contribute to the evolution of the Forward Deployed Software Engineering function by codifying best practices and sharing insights from customer engagements to help the team scale and grow</li>
</ul>
<h2>What skills do I need?&nbsp;</h2>
<ul>
<li>Strong engineering background, preferably in fields such as Computer Science, Mathematics, Software Engineering or Physics</li>
<li>Experience building a SaaS product with real-world usage. Bonus points for former founders or early startup engineers</li>
<li>You’re interested in AI/ML and enjoy quickly building a strong understanding of novel problems, capabilities, and architectures — including the trade-offs and limitations involved</li>
<li>You bring strong cross-functional collaboration skills, with the ability to navigate organizational boundaries and bring people together to achieve the best outcomes for our customers and for Intercom</li>
<li>You’re a strong coder. You have deep knowledge of at least one high-level programming language (for example, JavaScript, Python, Ruby, etc.). It doesn’t need to be a language we use today — great people are effective learners and are quick to pick up new tools or introduce better ways of working</li>
<li>You’re able to prototype and ship software quickly, while maintaining a high bar for quality and a clear focus on business goals and outcomes</li>
<li>You’re proficient in using and writing REST APIs to integrate systems effectively</li>
<li>You’re a strong communicator who can comfortably discuss the same topics with engineers and non-technical audiences, adapting depth and detail as needed</li>
<li>You’re willing to travel and work on-site with customers to build strong relationships and develop a deep understanding of their needs</li>
</ul>
<h2>Benefits</h2>
<p>We are a well treated bunch, with awesome benefits! If there’s something important to you that’s not on this list, talk to us!</p>
<ul>
<li>Competitive salary and equity in a fast-growing start-up</li>
<li>We serve lunch every weekday, plus a variety of snack foods and a fully stocked kitchen</li>
<li>Regular compensation reviews - we reward great work!</li>
<li>Pension scheme &amp; match up to 4%</li>
<li>Peace of mind with life assurance, as well as comprehensive health and dental insurance for you and your dependents</li>
<li>Flexible paid time off policy</li>
<li>Paid maternity leave, as well as 6 weeks paternity leave for fathers, to let you spend valuable time with your loved ones</li>
<li>If you’re cycling, we’ve got you covered on the Cycle-to-Work Scheme. With secure bike storage too</li>
<li>MacBooks are our standard, but we also offer Windows for certain roles when needed</li>
</ul>
<p>#LI-Hybrid</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>Policies&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>Intercom has a hybrid working policy. We believe that working in person helps us stay connected, collaborate easier and create a great culture while still providing flexibility to work from home. We expect employees to be in the office at least three days per week.</p>
<p>We have a radically open and accepting culture at Intercom. We avoid spending time on divisive subjects to foster a safe and cohesive work environment for everyone. As an organization, our policy is to not advocate on behalf of the company or our employees on any social or political topics out of our internal or external communications. We respect personal opinion and expression on these topics on personal social platforms on personal time, and do not challenge or confront anyone for their views on non-work related topics. Our goal is to focus on doing incredible work to achieve our goals and unite the company through our <a href="https://www.intercom.com/careers">core values</a>.&nbsp;&nbsp;</p>
<p>Intercom values diversity and is committed to a policy of Equal Employment Opportunity. Intercom will not discriminate against an applicant or employee on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, national origin, ancestry, sex, gender, age, physical or mental disability, veteran or military status, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, marital status, or any other legally recognized protected basis under federal, state, or local law.</p></div>