**Our Mission ⚖️**

Since 2016, Doctrine has been committed to a major democratic challenge: making the law more accessible. We are the first AI-powered legal platform that helps lawyers and legal professionals free themselves from repetitive, time-consuming tasks so they can focus on what truly matters—at every stage of their work: whether it’s understanding a case, conducting legal research, or drafting documents.

Today, Doctrine welcomes over 1 million visits every month, with dozens of new legal professionals joining us every single day. Our ambition goes beyond borders: we aim to become the European leader in legal AI. After France, we have already launched Doctrine in Italy, and we are currently expanding into Germany with a strong conviction: you must think globally while executing locally. That’s why we work closely with our clients, striving to understand the unique subtleties of each legal system. And this is just the beginning!

**Our Values 🤝**

**Challenge the status quo.** We embrace bold ideas and smart risk-taking.

**Liberty and responsibility.** We promote autonomy, individual impact, and ownership.

**Knowledge is power.** Information lies at the heart of Doctrine’s mission, and we always want to learn more.

**Release early, release often, and listen to your customers.** We believe in the power of iteration and in constantly listening to our market, our clients, and their challenges.

Doctrine employs over 230 people and has been growing steadily and profitably for several years.

In 2025, we are entering a new phase, becoming multi-country and multi-product.

After launching in our first international market, Italy, Doctrine is continuing its global expansion with Germany.

We are therefore looking to several Account Executive in Germany to scale our commercial impact in the German market.

**A word about the Germany Team** ✨

When you join, you’ll be onboarded and supported by your manager, [Pascale](https://www.linkedin.com/in/pascale-rouchon-64074b52/) (Head of New Business), who will help you ramp up and succeed in your role.

You’ll work closely with our first Account Executive on the German market, [Danu](https://www.linkedin.com/in/danuhacker/), collaborating on opportunities and helping drive our growth in Germany.

You’ll also be supported by our broader German go-to-market team 🇩🇪, enabling you to move forward confidently in your conversations with prospects: [Audrey](https://www.linkedin.com/in/audrey-oulion-83891788/) (Product Manager), [Maïte](https://www.linkedin.com/in/ma%C3%AFte-herdes/) (Legal Counsel), and [Laura](https://www.linkedin.com/in/laura-wiest-4b0aa023/) (Field Marketing Manager).

## Responsibilities

- Prospect and leverage inbound leads to build a strong pipeline of opportunities
- Understand the challenges of your prospects, and build relevant go-to-market strategies
- Run the full sales cycle, from outreach to demos, negotiations, and closing
- Share insights and learnings from the German market with the internal Germany squad
- Achieve monthly targets set by the company for your market

## Profile

- You are fluent in German
- You have experience in sales, especially SaaS sales
- You have a hunter mindset and aim to exceed your sales targets
- You have excellent written and verbal communication skills: you listen actively and communicate with empathy, clarity, and precision
- You are extremely rigorous and detail-oriented
- You have a strong sense of ownership and a taste for challenges: you thrive in demanding environments, are motivated by performance-based incentives, and appreciate an uncapped variable compensation
- Knowledge of the legal sector is a plus
- Travels within France may be required

## Why join Doctrine

- We are building the best product on the market with the largest tech team in Europe dedicated to AI applied to law – you’ll be proud to pitch Doctrine!
- We are ambitious, growing, and have been profitable for several years
- Doctrine employees are our greatest asset – and that’s not just a slogan: our customer satisfaction from day one has been driven by our team. We invest time, energy, and resources to hire the right people, onboard them effectively, and support their professional development

**What Awaits You if You Join Doctrine 🤗**

- Contribute to an ambitious project with a real, positive impact on society: making the law more accessible and open.

- Benefit from tailored onboarding in the legal ecosystem to help you quickly navigate this stimulating environment.

- Join an adventure where you’ll constantly learn and share your knowledge with colleagues (internal/external talks, meetups, Tech & Sales Monthly, Medium blog, etc.).

- Work in a dynamic, ever-evolving team: plenty of room to innovate, lead projects independently, or collaborate in teams.

**Our Perks to Make a Difference ☀️**

🏡 Flexible remote work policy: 2 days per week at the office (Tuesdays and Thursdays)

🌱 Many career opportunities, with open internal mobility across Doctrine

🌴 Flexible and unlimited vacation policy

📚 A strong focus on training: €750 yearly budget for self-directed learning, plus regular team and company-wide training

🏄‍♂️ Regular team events

👩‍⚕️ Great health insurance with Alan

🚲 Sustainable mobility package of €66/month

🏋️‍♀️ Gymlib subscription for sports and wellness activities

🍱 Swile meal card

🧘 Free access to [Moka.care](http://Moka.care) for mental health support

💡 Hundreds of discounts and perks through our CSE

🍏 Brand-new Apple equipment

**Our Recruitment Process 🚀**

- A 30-minute first call with one of our Talent Acquisition Managers to understand your career goals and introduce Doctrine’s mission.

- A 1-hour meeting with your future manager to dive into the role, team scope, and answer your questions.

- One or two technical assessments to evaluate your skills in practice.

- An onsite visit to our offices including: lunch with 3 team members from different departments (to give you a glimpse of your future colleagues), a discussion on our company values to share our vision, and a meeting with our CEO, Guillaume.

*(If necessary, the process can be adapted to meet your personal or professional needs.)*

**Ladies, allow yourself to apply!**

Some studies show that women in particular are less likely to apply for a job if they don’t meet 100% of the listed requirements. To reassure you: this job description is indicative—it’s a guide, nothing more. If Doctrine interests you, we’d be delighted to receive your application!

**Diversity & Inclusion**

All our positions are open to people with disabilities. Please feel free to share any needs during the recruitment process.

We are committed to implementing all necessary accommodations to ensure a work environment that is adapted to everyone.