**About Snappr**

Snappr is the largest on-demand photography service in the world. We make stunning photography accessible and affordable, for everyone from consumers to big businesses. We now cover 200+ cities and that is just the beginning. Our tech automates everything from photographer matching to editing. Our thousands of photographers love us because we automate away the things they hate and let them focus on taking amazing photos. We are backed by the likes of Y Combinator and the founders of Google Maps and Zynga. We're on a mission to raise the quality of photography on the web and in the world.

**About the Senior Full Stack Engineer role**

We are looking for an experienced software engineer who is passionate about creating amazing web-based experiences for consumers. The ideal candidate is language-agnostic but has deep experience with Node and React. You should be just as comfortable with challenging back-end algorithms as with complex front-end interactivity. You will take ownership of end-to-end feature implementation and have the opportunity to meaningfully shape the product of one of the world's fastest-growing consumer marketplaces. Snappr is building the most high-caliber engineering team in Colombia, and this is your chance to join it!

We are actively looking for this role across Colombia.

## Responsibilities

- Owning end-to-end feature implementation.
- Designing, implementing and interpreting A/B tests.
- Optimizing and scaling app performance.
- Working closely with designers and product leadership to sculpt designs as they come to life.
- Taking a leading role in building an engineering culture build on rapid iteration and continuous improvement.

## Requirements

- 5+ years of experience with Node and front-end TypeScript (or JavaScript) frameworks (React strongly preferred). Python and/or Swift experience is a bonus.
- Experience with relational databases and SQL.
- Experience with devops and common cloud hosting platforms.
- Excellent English communication skills and experience working with English-speaking teams.

## Compensation and Benefits

- 70k - 90k USD per year
- We also offer equity
- Professional growth budget
- 20 days of PTO
- Laptop is provided

Come and be a part of the rocketship that is Snappr!