**About Snappr News**

Snappr is the one-stop-shop for visual content for brands, including the largest on-demand marketplace for photographers and videographers. Snappr News is a new product line: an editorial photo and video product launching in 2026, starting with technology news in the San Francisco Bay Area. We will cover the top tech stories of the day with stunning visuals that can’t be found anywhere else. You’ll play a leading role in shaping the product and business model from the ground up, and helping define how the world gets visuals for the moments that matter.

**The Role**

You’ll be our very first Snappr News editor and a member of the founding team. You’ll be the close partner of visual journalists out in the field. You’ll select and edit a live stream of news photos and videos as they come in and get them ready for primetime in record time. This is a photo and video role.

## What You'll Do:

- Play a leading role in developing the visual style of Snappr News.
- Select photos, including hero images.
- Edit photos and videos with lightning speed.
- Write and edit captions, tags and keywords.
- Provide feedback to visual journalists.
- Train AI algorithms to assist you with the above.
- Help manage our proprietary instant upload hardware and backend.
- Contribute in broad ways to shape the business model and early growth.

## Must-Haves:

- Excellent Lightroom, Photoshop and Premiere Pro skills.
- Strong editing portfolio of at least one of the following: photojournalism, portrait, or street.
- Ability to work at a furious pace when deadlines are tight.
- Extreme attention to detail.
- Excellent written communication skills.

## Highly Desirable:

- Experience as a photojournalist or videojournalist  or in the media industry more broadly.

## Years of Experience:

- We’re not too fussed about this. We care so much more about your raw abilities and your portfolio. We are planning to be a disruptive force in the news and editorial industry, so being fresh can be an advantage.

**Office**

You’ll be based out of our office in Ortigas, Manila.

**Schedule**

Tuesday to Saturday, with early morning starts. Occasional weekend assignments and on-call.

**Compensation & Benefits**

•40,000 to 80,000 PHP/month base, depending on experience.

•Eligible  for 10,000 to 20,000 PHP/month incentive bonus.

•Generous equity.

•Healthcare.