<div class="content-intro"><p>At Braze, we have found our people. We’re a genuinely approachable, exceptionally kind, and intensely passionate crew.</p>
<p>We seek to ignite that passion by setting high standards, championing teamwork, and creating work-life harmony as we collectively navigate rapid growth on a global scale while striving for greater equity and opportunity – inside and outside our organization.</p>
<p>To flourish here, you must be prepared to set a high bar for yourself and those around you. There is always a way to contribute: Acting with autonomy, having accountability and being open to new perspectives are essential to our continued success.</p>
<p>Our deep curiosity to learn and our eagerness to share diverse passions with others gives us balance and injects a one-of-a-kind vibrancy into our culture.</p>
<p>If you are driven to solve exhilarating challenges and have a bias toward action in the face of change, you will be empowered to make a real impact here, with a sharp and passionate team at your back. If Braze sounds like a place where you can thrive, we can’t wait to meet you.</p></div><p><strong>WHAT YOU'LL DO</strong></p>
<p>Braze is looking to hire a Senior Solutions Consultant <em>(German Speaking)</em> to join our team of technical storytellers, supporting the German region in EMEA.</p>
<p>The Solutions Consulting team at Braze are a powerhouse group of technical storytellers. You’ll enjoy this role if you enjoy operating at the intersection of technology and creativity, bringing your technical knowledge to bear in a sales setting.</p>
<p>Braze Solutions Consultants blend the “art” of storytelling and sales with the “science” behind how our technology tactically delivers value for our customers. During the sales process, we help "make it real," with the aim of building prospective customer confidence in Braze's capabilities &amp; team.</p>
<p>Our Solutions Consultants operate in a strategic capacity and are true partners for our sales team. In this role, you’ll have the opportunity to advise the world’s most recognizable brands at every level of the organization: from marketers and engineers to executives and pioneers.</p>
<p>Travel is required for this role, and will vary depending on the business segment which you’re supporting. For non-remote hires, presence at the office or in the field is expected (average 3 days weekly || 12 days a month).</p>
<p><strong>WHO YOU ARE</strong></p>
<p>Sales Skills:</p>
<ul>
<li>Art of Storytelling- You’re a great presenter and an engaging storyteller. Your creativity is front and centre. People say you’re a great communicator! You leave people with the impression that you are really listening to them, and the stories you tell leave them feeling understood</li>
<li>Executive Presence - You know how to inspire confidence and establish trust with all levels of an organization: from individual contributors to C-suite executives. using language that appropriately translates complex technical and business information</li>
<li>Seller Confidence - You have experience selling into enterprise-level accounts with a sophisticated Pre-sales Consulting or Sales Engineering team</li>
<li>Local Event Support - You have experience supporting and presenting at local events to showcase Braze thought leadership &amp; technology</li>
</ul>
<p>Technical Skills:</p>
<ul>
<li>Embrace Curiosity - You have a high level of intellectual curiosity. You see opportunity and embrace a growth mindset. You love to think big and demonstrate excellence in the application of technology to solve all kinds of problems</li>
<li>Seek the Truth- As the technical advisor in the sales cycles, we are empowered to seek the truth and the solutions for our customers. You’re analytical and have technical experience to build upon. This also means you’re skilled at conveying technical concepts simply and concisely</li>
<li>Technical Depth - You have domain knowledge of two or more of the following: SaaS, Mobile, APIs, Marketing Automation, Direct Marketing, Marketing Analytics or Programming</li>
</ul>
<p>Industry Skills:</p>
<ul>
<li>Navigating Ambiguity - when change is the only constant, you have clarity. You can maintain focus and productivity in uncertain situations or without complete information, and you have the confidence to know when to ask for help</li>
<li>Team player - you know teamwork makes the dream work. We can’t emphasize this enough. This also means you have self confidence and awareness that empowers you to collaborate, celebrate, and contribute to the success of our team</li>
<li>Marketing Know How - You have work experience or deep knowledge of Integrated Marketing, Content Marketing, Email Marketing, Mobile Marketing, Marketing Analytics or similar topics in a digital-first, customer experience realm</li>
</ul>
<p>This customer-facing role is an opportunity to bring your passion for storytelling and technical skillset to our elite, customer-facing Solutions Consulting team. Hone your skills as a Solution Engineer along with a high level of curiosity about all things tech. You will expand your knowledge of B2C engagement marketing, mobile marketing automation, email, SMS, APIs, analytics, architecture design, and more.</p>
<p>What You Can Expect:</p>
<ul>
<li>Collaboration! Complete support of all your EMEA teammates across all departments and a real “get it done” attitude for our customers</li>
<li>Executive Alignment - You will collaborate closely with the local VP of Sales and act as a trusted advisor. If you see a gap and have an idea - you can own it!</li>
<li>Continued Development Opportunities - The Berlin office / German region still has tremendous growth opportunities which can present future personal development opportunities</li>
<li>Creativity - encouraged. Braze’s product encourages creative thinking when applying our robust capabilities to solve for customer needs</li>
<li>Intellectual Curiosity – stimulated. Opportunities to be challenged beyond your existing capabilities with the full support of your teammates and our leadership team</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><div class="p-rich\_text\_section">
<p><strong>WHAT WE OFFER<br></strong></p>
<p><em>Braze benefits vary by location, and we encourage you to review our specific benefits offerings for each country </em><a href="https://www.braze.com/company/careers/how-we-hire#benefit-section"><em>here</em></a><em>. More details on benefits plans will be provided if you receive an offer of employment.</em></p>
<p>From offering comprehensive benefits to fostering hybrid ways of working, we’ve got you covered so you can prioritize work-life harmony. Braze offers benefits such as:</p>
<ul>
<li>Competitive compensation that may include equity</li>
<li>Retirement and Employee Stock Purchase Plans</li>
<li>Flexible paid time off</li>
<li>Comprehensive benefit plans covering medical, dental, vision, life, and disability</li>
<li>Family services that include fertility benefits and equal paid parental leave</li>
<li>Professional development supported by formal career pathing, learning platforms, and a yearly learning stipend</li>
<li>A curated in-office employee experience, designed to foster community, team connections, and innovation</li>
<li>Opportunities to give back to your community, including an annual company-wide Volunteer Week and donation matching&nbsp;</li>
<li>Employee Resource Groups that provide supportive communities within Braze</li>
<li>Collaborative, transparent, and fun culture recognized as a Great Place to Work®</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>ABOUT BRAZE<br><br></strong>Braze is the leading customer engagement platform that empowers brands to Be Absolutely Engaging.™ Braze helps brands deliver great customer experiences that drive value both for consumers and for their businesses. Built on a foundation of composable intelligence, BrazeAI™ allows marketers to combine and activate AI agents, models, and features at every touchpoint throughout the Braze Customer Engagement Platform for smarter, faster, and more meaningful customer engagement. From cross-channel messaging and journey orchestration to Al-powered decisioning and optimization, Braze enables companies to turn action into interaction through autonomous, 1:1 personalized experiences.<br><br>The company has repeatedly been recognized as a Leader in marketing technology by industry analysts, and was voted a G2 “Best of Marketing and Digital Advertising Software Product” in 2025.<br><br>Braze was also named a 2025 Best Companies To Work For by U.S. News &amp; World Report, a 2025 America’s Greatest Companies by Newsweek, and a 2025 Fortune Best Workplace in Technology™ by Great Place To Work®, among other accolades. Braze is also proudly certified as a Great Place to Work® in the U.S., the UK, Australia, and Singapore.<br><br>The company is headquartered in New York with offices in Austin, Berlin, Bucharest, Chicago, Dubai, Jakarta, London, Paris, San Francisco, São Paulo, Singapore, Seoul, Sydney and Tokyo.</p>
<strong>BRAZE IS AN EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER</strong>
<p>At Braze, we strive to create equitable growth and opportunities inside and outside the organization.</p>
<p>Building meaningful connections is at the heart of everything we do, and that includes our recruiting practices. We're committed to offering all candidates a fair, accessible, and inclusive experience – regardless of age, color, disability, gender identity, marital status, maternity, national origin, pregnancy, race, religion, sex, sexual orientation, or status as a protected veteran. When applying and interviewing with Braze, we want you to feel comfortable showcasing what makes you <em>you</em>.</p>
<p>We know that sometimes different circumstances can lead talented people to hesitate to apply for a role unless they meet 100% of the criteria. If this sounds familiar, we encourage you to apply, as we’d love to meet you.</p>
<em>Please see our</em><a href="https://www.braze.com/company/legal/privacy-policy-job-candidates"><em> </em><em>Candidate Privacy Policy</em></a><em> for more information on how Braze processes your personal information during the recruitment process and, if applicable based on your location, how you can exercise any privacy rights.</em></div></div>