<p data-pos="0">At JetBrains, code is our passion. Ever since we started, back in 2000, we have strived to make the most effective developer tools on earth. By automating routine checks and corrections, our tools speed up production, freeing developers to grow, discover, and create.</p>
<p data-pos="269">The JetBrains Research team explores ways to use machine learning techniques and agentic approaches to help developers and enhance software development processes. Our work aims to improve the state of ML for code by turning the latest academic advances into practical applications.</p>
<p data-pos="552">Our team is looking for an ML Engineer to participate in a variety of projects in areas such as code completion and generation, AI agents development, and test generation. Though we don’t expect the candidate to have experience in all the tasks we work on, we are looking for someone excited to take on the challenge of working in a diverse set of contexts.</p>
<h3 id="in-this-role-you-will" data-pos="915"><strong data-pos="917">In this role, you will:</strong>&nbsp;</h3>
<ul data-pos="944">
<li data-pos="944">Design and prototype machine learning solutions to improve the software development workflow.</li>
<li data-pos="1040">Apply existing open-source models or train custom ones as needed.</li>
<li data-pos="1108">Build training and evaluation pipelines that support fast iteration and ensure reproducibility.</li>
<li data-pos="1206">Stay up to date with the latest advancements in applying machine learning to source code.</li>
<li data-pos="1298">Collaborate with colleagues and provide mentorship when appropriate.</li>
</ul>
<h3 id="well-be-happy-to-have-you-on-our-team-if-you" data-pos="1374"><strong data-pos="1376">We’ll be happy to have you on our team if you:</strong>&nbsp;</h3>
<ul data-pos="1426">
<li data-pos="1426">Have experience designing machine learning systems from scratch.</li>
<li data-pos="1493">Have a background in natural language processing or code modeling.</li>
<li data-pos="1562">Have a proven track record of delivering machine learning projects.</li>
<li data-pos="1632">Know how to design reproducible ML experiments.</li>
<li data-pos="1682">Enjoy working on projects with high uncertainty.</li>
<li data-pos="1733">Are proficient in Python, Java, or Kotlin.</li>
<li data-pos="1778">Have hands-on experience with modern ML frameworks.</li>
</ul>
<h3 id="it-would-be-nice-if-you" data-pos="1837"><strong data-pos="1839">It would be nice</strong>&nbsp;<strong data-pos="1860">if you:</strong>&nbsp;</h3>
<ul data-pos="1871">
<li data-pos="1871">Have experience applying machine learning to programming languages.</li>
<li data-pos="1941">Have hands-on experience building and improving AI agents.</li>
<li data-pos="2002">Have experience in A/B testing and general knowledge of statistics</li>
<li data-pos="2071">Have worked with large-scale data processing pipelines</li>
</ul>
<p><span style="color: rgb(255, 255, 255);">#LI-KP1</span></p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>We are an equal opportunity employer</strong><br><br>We know great ideas can come from anyone, anywhere. That’s why we do our best to create an open and inclusive workplace – one that welcomes everyone regardless of their background, identity, religion, age, accessibility needs, or orientation.</p>
<p><em data-stringify-type="italic">We process the data provided in your job application in accordance with the <a href="https://www.jetbrains.com/legal/docs/privacy/privacy-recruitment/">Recruitment Privacy Policy.</a></em></p></div>