<p>At JetBrains, code is our passion. Ever since we started, back in 2000, we have strived to make the strongest, most effective developer tools on earth. By automating routine checks and corrections, our tools speed up production, freeing developers to grow, discover, and create.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Developed by JetBrains, Kotlin is a modern programming language targeting the Java, Android, JavaScript, WASM and native (LLVM) platforms. Released in 2016, the language is rapidly gaining popularity. In 2019, it became Google's preferred language for Android development, later becoming its go-to for server-side development.</p>
<p>For any programming language, including Kotlin, a build system is a vital tool. We aim to make the process of working with Kotlin-supporting build systems within IntelliJ IDEA smooth and easy. Our job is to ensure that Kotlin projects in the build system are reflected accurately in the IntelliJ IDEA model and that this transition (import) is fast and reliable.</p>
<p>We support various build systems such as Gradle, Maven, and IntelliJ IDEA’s built-in JPS. In the future, we may add more to this list. We are currently looking for an experienced Software Developer with general software engineering skills to join the team and be part of this effort. Most of our codebase is written in Kotlin and Java 11 and managed in Git repositories, some of which are open on GitHub.</p>
<h3><strong>As part of our team, you will:&nbsp;</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Develop and maintain the tools required to integrate Kotlin with different build systems.</li>
<li>Improve Kotlin’s seamless integration from build system representations into the IntelliJ IDEA project model.</li>
<li>Work on import performance improvements, reliability, and new features.</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>We'll be happy to have you on our team if you:&nbsp;</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Enjoy solving complex and challenging problems.</li>
<li>Have at least five years of professional Kotlin or Java development experience.</li>
<li>Want to improve Kotlin support in IntelliJ IDEA.</li>
<li>Can design and write code that is easy to read and support.</li>
<li>Understand the algorithms behind the code you write.</li>
<li>Have strong teamwork skills, are able to listen to others' ideas, and can offer sound reasoning to support your ideas.</li>
<li>Want to grow as a professional while mastering new approaches and technologies.</li>
<li>Take pride in your work.</li>
<li>Are keen on improving the Kotlin developer experience.</li>
<li>Have sufficient command of English to discuss tasks with colleagues and write documentation.</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>We’ll be especially thrilled if you:&nbsp;</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Are familiar with JVM build tools like Gradle and Maven.</li>
<li>Have experience writing Gradle plugins.</li>
<li>Have experience working with Kotlin Multiplatform (KMP).</li>
<li>Have experience creating plugins for IntelliJ IDEA.</li>
<li>Love finding creative solutions to challenging technical problems.</li>
<li>Have participated in or created your own open-source projects.</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>Why join JetBrains?</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Strong base salary. We offer competitive pay that reflects your skills and experience.</li>
<li>Flexible work location. Enjoy the freedom to work from home or from the office.</li>
<li>Remote work. Spend up to 30 days per year working remotely from abroad.</li>
<li>Extra time off. More days to relax, recharge, and do the things you love.</li>
<li>Medical insurance allowance. Enjoy peace of mind for you and your family.</li>
<li>Learning and development opportunities. Access to conferences, courses, and language classes.</li>
<li>Relocation support. We help make your move as smooth and stress-free as possible.</li>
<li>Language classes. Pick up the local language or sharpen your English skills.</li>
<li>Fuel your day. Enjoy a hot meal or receive a lunch allowance on workdays.</li>
<li>Mental health support. To help you feel your best, we provide easy access to professional mental health services.</li>
<li>Sports benefit. Enjoy an on-site gym or sports club stipend.</li>
<li>Internal events. Join company-wide celebrations and team gatherings.<br>\*Some benefits may vary depending on location.</li>
</ul>
<p>#LI-IM1</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>We are an equal opportunity employer</strong><br><br>We know great ideas can come from anyone, anywhere. That’s why we do our best to create an open and inclusive workplace – one that welcomes everyone regardless of their background, identity, religion, age, accessibility needs, or orientation.</p>
<p><em data-stringify-type="italic">We process the data provided in your job application in accordance with the <a href="https://www.jetbrains.com/legal/docs/privacy/privacy-recruitment/">Recruitment Privacy Policy.</a></em></p></div>