<div class="content-intro"><p><strong>Secure Every Identity, from AI to Human<br><br></strong>Identity is the key to unlocking the potential of AI. Okta secures AI by building the trusted, neutral infrastructure that enables organizations to safely embrace this new era. This work requires a relentless drive to solve complex challenges with real-world stakes. We are looking for builders and owners who operate with speed and urgency and execute with excellence.<br><br>This is an opportunity to do career-defining work. We're all in on this mission. If you are too, let's talk.</p></div><p>We are looking for a Staff Engineer to join our growing team in Business Technology (BT) and to help scale our business solutions while providing an extra focus on security, enabling Okta to be the most efficient, scalable, and reliable company. In this role, you will be responsible for designing and developing customizations, extensions, configurations, and integrations required to meet the company’s strategic business objectives.&nbsp;</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>You will work collaboratively with Engineering Managers, business stakeholders, Product Owners , Program analysts, and engineers on different program design, development , deployment and support. Therefore, a commitment to collaborative problem-solving and delivering high-quality solutions is essential. In addition, your product owner will look to you to provide all technical services—design, consulting business to align solution w/ business program goals.</p>
<p>Core competencies expected of a Staff Engineer is to operate with a high degree of autonomy, technical leadership, and project ownership.</p>
<ul>
<li><strong>Architectural Ownership and Design</strong>: You need to be a technical leader. The role is responsible for translating business needs into "well-architected solutions" and designing "solid, scalable, and secure architectures". This goes beyond simple implementation and into the foundational design work that is a hallmark of a Staff-level engineer.</li>
<li><strong>Project and Delivery Leadership</strong>: The expectation for this role to act as a Team Lead and own deliverables "from discovery to deployment". This demonstrates a need for leadership in execution, ensuring the team meets its commitments while adhering to best practices. The ability to drive the "end-to-end lifecycle" is a critical staff-level function.</li>
<li><strong>Mentorship and Technical Bar-Setting</strong>: You are expected to "Mentor other engineers" and to "Define &amp; set the bar high for coding standards". This highlights the role's responsibility in elevating the entire team's technical capabilities, a crucial aspect of senior IC role.</li>
<li><strong>Cross-Functional Influence</strong>: You must effectively communicate and collaborate across different functions. You will work with Engineering Managers, business stakeholders, and Product Owners , articulate the "benefits and risks of a solution’s feasibility" , and consult with the business to align solutions with program goals.You are responsible for driving technical initiatives that may span multiple BT teams and contributing to engineering-wide architectural standards and guilds.</li>
<li><strong>Future-Forward Technical Skills</strong>: We aim to be an AI First and AI native department. It explicitly values the ability to "build Agents using Agentforce" , leverage "open source libraries to build agents" , and proficiency with AI workflow tools. This ensures you are targeting candidates with the desired forward-looking skill set beyond traditional Salesforce development.High Value Skills - Ability to build Agents using Agentforce or by leveraging open source libraries to build agents is highly valued. Proficiency in using Github copilot or cursor or AI workflow orchestration tools.</li>
<li><strong>Strategic Influence on Technology Roadmap</strong>: You should have the ability to proactively identify opportunities and influence the future technical and business roadmap , it includes identifying and driving long-term architectural improvements or influencing the strategic direction of the Business Technology stack</li>
<li><strong>Operating in Ambiguity</strong> : You are often expected to take broad, ambiguous business problems (e.g., "improve sales efficiency") and distill them into concrete, solvable technical projects.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Qualifications</strong>:</p>
<ul>
<li>7+ years of Software development experience with experience in Java, Python or equivalent</li>
<li>5+ years’ hands-on Salesforce development with solid knowledge of Apex, Process Automation, and LWC</li>
<li>Experience in Architecture ,Design &amp; implementation of various high-complexity projects/programs for Sales Cloud, CPQ, Service Cloud Console, etc. Solid understanding of developing secure solutions that leverage native Salesforce practices to protect sensitive data</li>
<li>Experience working with CI/CD, SfDx, Jenkins or equivalent ,</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Our team is collaborative, innovative, and flexible, and we consider work-life balance a top priority.&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p><strong>#Hybird&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p><strong>PID Number : P22123\_3060756</strong></p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong><br>The Okta Experience</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><a href="http://rewards.okta.com">Supporting Your Well-Being</a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="https://www.okta.com/company/okta-for-good/">Driving Social Impact&nbsp;</a></li>
<li><a href="https://www.okta.com/company/talent-connection-community/">Developing Talent and Fostering Connection + Community</a></li>
</ul>
<p>We are intentional about connection. Our global community, spanning over 20 offices worldwide, is united by a drive to innovate. Your journey begins with an immersive, in-person onboarding experience designed to accelerate your impact and connect you to our mission and team from day one.<br><br>Okta is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, marital status, age, physical or mental disability, or status as a protected veteran. We also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and convictions records, consistent with applicable laws.<br><br>If reasonable accommodation is needed to complete any part of the job application, interview process, or onboarding please&nbsp;<a href="https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1EfiEYZrIyhA2X4Fijk0R3RKYOzNoS3wtvyM4nhbZnXE/edit">use this Form</a> to request an accommodation.<br><br>Notice for New York City Applicants &amp; Employees: Okta may use Automated Employment Decision Tools (AEDT), as defined by New York City Local Law 144, that use artificial intelligence, machine learning, or other automated processes to assist in our recruitment and hiring process. In accordance with NYC Local Law 144, if you are an applicant or employee residing in New York City, please&nbsp;<a href="https://talent.okta.com/new-york-city-aedt-notice.html">click here</a> to view our full NYC AEDT Notice.<br><br>Okta is committed to complying with applicable data privacy and security laws and regulations. For more information, please see our Personnel and Job Candidate Privacy Notice at&nbsp;<a href="https://www.okta.com/legal/personnel-policy/">https://www.okta.com/legal/personnel-policy/</a>.</p></div>