<p><strong>About this opportunity:</strong><strong><br></strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 300;">We are seeking a FP&amp;A Manager to help grow the Freenome Finance team. The FP&amp;A Manager will support planning for key business processes and requires strong financial reporting, forecasting, planning and modeling skills and excellent communication and collaboration skills and business judgment. The ideal candidate is both technically sound and can be a proactive internal consultant, beyond their analytical prowess through their understanding of secondary data, industry knowledge, and track record of innovative and impactful decision support. You will&nbsp;be a strategic architect of our financial future, moving beyond static reporting to provide the actionable insights that drive our commercial scale.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 300;">The role reports to the Chief Financial Officer (CFO) and is a critical and high visibility position interacting heavily with the business.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 300;">You are passionate about Finance and desire to have a significant impact on the&nbsp;continued growth of an organization dedicated to changing the entire landscape of&nbsp;cancer.</span></p>
<p><strong>What you’ll do:</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 300;">Strategic Business Partnering:</span></p>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Serve as the dedicated financial advisor to department heads (R&amp;D,&nbsp;Commercial, Operations), translating complex financial data into a narrative&nbsp;that drives decision-making.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Identify financial opportunities by deeply understanding the drivers of our&nbsp;diagnostic platform and product offerings.</span></li>
</ul>
<p><span style="font-weight: 300;">Proactive Budget Management:</span></p>
<ul>
<li><span style="font-weight: 300;">Drive corporate planning processes through rigorous oversight of&nbsp;departmental budgets and forecasts, ensuring alignment with Freenome’s&nbsp;strategic priorities.</span></li>
<li><span style="font-weight: 300;">Empower budget owners with self-service tools while providing the&nbsp;“guardrails” necessary for a public company environment.</span></li>
</ul>
<p><span style="font-weight: 300;">Actionable Analysis and Reporting:</span></p>
<ul>
<li><span style="font-weight: 300;">Deliver effective monthly and quarterly reporting that drives accountability,&nbsp;scaled by leveraging technology.</span></li>
<li><span style="font-weight: 300;">Establish, track, and report Key Performance Indicators (KPIs) specific to a&nbsp;commercial-stage diagnostic company, such as test volume, ASP, and COGS&nbsp;per test.</span></li>
<li><span style="font-weight: 300;">Ensure resources are aligned with strategic and operating priorities and clear&nbsp;financial controls are maintained.</span></li>
<li><span style="font-weight: 300;">Identify key business issues that impact short-term and long-range market&nbsp;forecasts; clearly and proactively surface these issues.</span></li>
<li><span style="font-weight: 300;">Influence key decisions by delivering high value financial analysis that&nbsp;highlight root causes of variance, trends, and identify actionable opportunities&nbsp;to invest, reduce costs, and mitigate risks.</span></li>
</ul>
<p><span style="font-weight: 300;">Systems Innovation and AI Integration:</span></p>
<ul>
<li><span style="font-weight: 300;">Build and refine the forecasting tools, short-term and long-term forecasts&nbsp;models.</span></li>
<li><span style="font-weight: 300;">Support the implementation, buildout and continuous improvement of key&nbsp;financial systems, such as ERP, planning and budgeting systems and business&nbsp;Intelligence tools.</span></li>
<li><span style="font-weight: 300;">Apply AI and machine learning tools to automate routine reporting and enhance predictive accuracy in our forecasting models.</span></li>
<li><span style="font-weight: 300;">Collaborate with the broader organization to drive process and systematic&nbsp;improvements across the Company.</span></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Must haves:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><span style="font-weight: 300;">Bachelor’s degree in Accounting/Finance/Business.</span></li>
<li><span style="font-weight: 300;">Minimum of 8 years of progressive Accounting and Finance experience with at&nbsp;least 6 in FP&amp;A and/or business partnering in a fast-paced, high-growth&nbsp;biotech, diagnostic, medical device environment.</span></li>
<li><span style="font-weight: 300;">Willingness to roll up your sleeves, handle large amounts of data and build&nbsp;complex financial models.</span></li>
<li><span style="font-weight: 300;">Excellent organizational and analytical skills with the ability to creatively solve&nbsp;problems with a data-driven approach.</span></li>
<li><span style="font-weight: 300;">Ability to articulate complex financial concepts in understandable terms to&nbsp;non-finance professionals.</span></li>
<li><span style="font-weight: 300;">Demonstrated ability to think strategically while maintaining a command of&nbsp;the details.</span></li>
<li><span style="font-weight: 300;">Demonstrated ability to develop client group business acumen and provide&nbsp;actionable insights and recommendations to improve KPIs.</span></li>
<li><span style="font-weight: 300;">Mastery of Excel and ERP systems (e.g. Netsuite) and proven experience&nbsp;implementing or optimizing FP&amp;A software and a demonstrated interest in&nbsp;AI-driven analytics.</span></li>
<li><span style="font-weight: 300;">Passion for automation and continuous improvement to reduce human error&nbsp;and dependency on spreadsheets.</span></li>
<li><span style="font-weight: 300;">Proven experience building financial management processes, management&nbsp;reporting, and establishing the financial discipline required in a scaling&nbsp;organization.</span></li>
<li><span style="font-weight: 300;">Well-versed in the requirements of a public company and adherence to all&nbsp;applicable laws, rules, and regulations.</span></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Nice to haves:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><span style="font-weight: 300;">MBA/CPA or CFA a plus.</span></li>
<li><span style="font-weight: 300;">Experience as a FP&amp;A professional for single-site labs (FDA/CLIA diagnostics&nbsp;business) and/or reagent manufacturing environments.</span></li>
<li><span style="font-weight: 300;">Knowledge of clinical diagnostics development, operations, portfolio&nbsp;management and commercial GTM planning.</span></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Benefits and additional information:</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 300;">The US target range of our</span><span style="font-weight: 300;"> base salary</span><span style="font-weight: 300;">&nbsp;for new hires is $146,775 - $183,750</span><span style="font-weight: 300;">. You will also be eligible to receive equity, cash bonuses, and a full range of medical, financial, and other benefits depending on the position offered.&nbsp; Please note that individual total compensation for this position will be determined at the Company’s sole discretion and may vary based on several factors, including but not limited to, location, skill level, years and depth of relevant experience, and education. We invite you to check out our career page @ <span style="font-weight: 300;"><em><a href="http://freenome.com/job-openings/" target="\_blank" data-saferedirecturl="https://www.google.com/url?q=http://freenome.com/job-openings/&amp;source=gmail&amp;ust=1708620295766000&amp;usg=AOvVaw0K-a4lTJ0RquYagpqS-yp4">freenome.com/job-openings/</a></em></span></span><span style="font-weight: 300;">&nbsp;for additional company information.&nbsp;&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 300;">Freenome is proud to be an equal-opportunity employer, and we value diversity. Freenome does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, marital status, age, national origin, ancestry, physical or mental disability, medical condition, pregnancy, genetic information, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, veteran status, or any other status protected under federal, state, or local </span><span style="font-weight: 300;">law.</span></p>
<p><em><span style="font-weight: 300;">Applicants have rights under Federal Employment Laws.&nbsp;&nbsp;</span></em></p>
<ul>
<li><a href="https://www.dol.gov/agencies/whd/posters/fmla" target="\_blank"><em><span style="font-weight: 300;">Family &amp; Medical Leave Act (FMLA)</span></em></a></li>
<li><a href="https://www.dol.gov/agencies/ofccp/posters" target="\_blank"><em><span style="font-weight: 300;">Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO)</span></em></a></li>
<li><a href="https://www.dol.gov/agencies/whd/posters/employee-polygraph-protection-act" target="\_blank"><em><span style="font-weight: 300;">Employee Polygraph Protection Act (EPPA)</span></em></a></li>
</ul>
<p><span style="color: #ecf0f1;"><em><span style="font-weight: 300;">#LI-HYBRID</span></em></span></p>