<p data-pm-slice="1 1 []">SLSQ227R700</p>
<p>While candidates in the listed locations are encouraged for this role, we are open to remote candidates in other locations.</p>
<p>As Go-to-Market Leader for EMEA Financial Services, you will drive the go-to-market strategy to grow the Banking/Payments, Capital Markets and Insurance businesses. You will be the domain expert and business executive for financial services within Databricks. You will set the vision, build assets for field productivity, maintain executive relationships with customers and partners, and work with a cross-functional team across Databricks. You have a passion for how Data+AI will transform the banking industry, be familiar with unique challenges that European Financial Service Institutions (FSIs) face, and be effective at influencing decision makers across customers and partners.</p>
<p>This job will require travel for conferences, customer and team meetings. You will report to the VP of Financial Services, Cyber Security and Sustainability GTM.</p>
<p><strong>The impact you will have</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Own the strategy for Financial Services GTM - create growth execution plan, drive C-level relationships with customers, and drive new customers logos and revenue growth</li>
<li>Work with the sales and pre-sales teams to create account-level, segment-level and region-level go-to-market plans across the globe for the vertical</li>
<li>Work with partners to develop strategic C-level relationships with ISV and CSI partners</li>
<li>Identify operational gaps in each sub-segment of the GTM motion, be data-driven about quantifying business opportunities and execute improvement plans</li>
<li>Develop comprehensive sub-vertical sales plays with Sales Programs teams to build scalable and geographically tailored motions to drive growth in EMEA.</li>
<li>Act as a thought leader in the industry by authoring white-papers, speaking at events, and engaging with C-suite</li>
<li>Become trusted advisor to multiple stakeholders within Databricks from product, sales, pre-sales, marketing, to partner teams.</li>
<li>Work closely with Sales Enablement teams to boost productivity of verticalised sales and pre-sales teams</li>
<li>Partner with marketing to develop Financial Services content, collateral, blogs and demand generation plan</li>
<li>Keynote marquee industry events and plan and execute Databricks events in Financial Services</li>
<li>Ensure Databricks has security messaging and positioning for Financial Services</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>What we look for</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Experience working as an executive (CxO) in Banking for 10+ years.</li>
<li>Intimate knowledge of key global regulations in Banking/Payments, Capital Markets and Insurance industries with a particular focus on European regulations</li>
<li>Experience driving change at large FSI institutions both from technical and business perspective with a strong understanding of how large FSIs make decisions</li>
<li>Strong customer-facing presence (CXO, IT and Business Leaders), ability to cultivate executive relationships and open doors for the field</li>
<li>Experience working in with cross-functional resources to built-out Vertical Solutions on an existing technology platform that has generated revenue and value for the customer</li>
<li>Experience working with sales and technical pre-sales, building go-to-market sales kits to drive market penetration</li>
<li>Strong knowledge of the technology landscape in banking/payments.</li>
<li>Hands-on experience with program managing vertical solutions (which includes: collecting, tracking and prioritising vertical business requirements, working with technical resources to ensure timelines are met, collaborating with marketing to develop marketing assets and event planning, working with partner teams to track partner relationship progress ensuring key milestones are met)</li>
<li>Demonstrated ability to enable and coach sales teams on how to position technology to customers in Financial Services</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>About Databricks</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-family: arial, sans-serif;">Databricks is the data and AI company. More than 10,000 organizations worldwide — including Comcast, Condé Nast, Grammarly, and over 50% of the Fortune 500 — rely on the Databricks Data Intelligence Platform to unify and democratize data, analytics and AI. Databricks is headquartered in San Francisco, with offices around the globe and was founded by the original creators of Lakehouse, Apache Spark™, Delta Lake and MLflow. To learn more, follow Databricks on&nbsp;<span style="color: rgb(255, 54, 33);"><a style="color: rgb(255, 54, 33);" href="https://twitter.com/databricks" target="\_blank" data-saferedirecturl="https://www.google.com/url?q=https://twitter.com/databricks&amp;source=gmail&amp;ust=1700237575733000&amp;usg=AOvVaw03FL8fJvOD97ytN02f5G2C">Twitter</a>,&nbsp;<a style="color: rgb(255, 54, 33);" href="https://www.linkedin.com/company/databricks" target="\_blank" data-saferedirecturl="https://www.google.com/url?q=https://www.linkedin.com/company/databricks&amp;source=gmail&amp;ust=1700237575733000&amp;usg=AOvVaw15dLk3q8VxTfHEgCUg7NSt">LinkedIn</a>&nbsp;<span style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0);">and</span>&nbsp;<a style="color: rgb(255, 54, 33);" href="https://www.facebook.com/databricksinc" target="\_blank" data-saferedirecturl="https://www.google.com/url?q=https://www.facebook.com/databricksinc&amp;source=gmail&amp;ust=1700237575733000&amp;usg=AOvVaw39EcncitnlqV72EG2-RqXJ">Facebook</a></span>.<br><br><strong>Benefits<br><br></strong></span>At Databricks, we strive to provide comprehensive benefits and perks that meet the needs of all of our employees. For specific details on the benefits offered in your region click <a href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/154un3e8Xav4BceOSlcYFZRGEuQI54xMxVydRwQn54eQ/edit?usp=sharing">here</a>.<br><br></p>
<p><strong>Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion</strong></p>
<p>At Databricks, we are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive culture where everyone can excel. We take great care to ensure that our hiring practices are inclusive and meet equal employment opportunity standards. Individuals looking for employment at Databricks are considered without regard to age, color, disability, ethnicity, family or marital status, gender identity or expression, language, national origin, physical and mental ability, political affiliation, race, religion, sexual orientation, socio-economic status, veteran status, and other protected characteristics.</p>
<p><strong>Compliance</strong></p>
<p><strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">If access to export-controlled technology or source code is required for performance of job duties, it is within Employer's discretion whether to apply for a U.S. government license for such positions, and Employer may decline to proceed with an applicant on this basis alone.</span></strong></p></div>