**About Pyka**

Pyka’s goal is to provide society with a new form of safe, clean, and cost-effective transportation enabled by autonomous electric aviation.

To get there, we’re taking a different approach than most. We're applying our technologies to every industry where autonomous electric aircraft can be useful, starting with the highest value and most dangerous jobs. In doing so, we're building game-changing products manufactured at scale, while perfecting the safety, reliability, and capabilities of our autonomy engine and electric propulsion systems.

We design, develop and manufacture an ecosystem of technologies including proprietary flight control software, avionics, high power density motors, motor controllers, batteries, and custom carbon-fiber composite airframes.

Today, we supply autonomous electric aircraft for cargo transport and crop protection to real-world customers across four separate continents and have secured industry-first regulatory approvals from the FAA. Our cargo aircraft enables remote connectivity, enhances express delivery networks, and ensures fast and reliable shipping of critical supplies to areas in need. Our crop protection aircraft offers agricultural services providers and farmers an autonomous tool to make aerial application safer, more precise, and less harmful to surrounding environments. Both vehicles are highly economical to operate, easy to deploy, and significantly reduce CO2 emissions in their respective industries.

What you work on at Pyka makes people’s lives better now and brings the future of electric aviation one step closer each day.

**Role Overview**

Pyka is seeking a driven and detail-oriented Global Supply Manager for procurement, sourcing, and supplier management across our international supply chain operations.. You will join during a period of rapid growth and play a critical role in building a resilient, scalable supply chain to support production of our autonomous electric aircraft.

In this role, you will leverage your experience working with global contract manufacturers to source high-quality components, negotiate competitive terms, and help set strategies for the future growth of the Pyka supply chain.. You will collaborate closely with engineering, production, and quality teams to ensure materials arrive on time, meet rigorous standards, and support Pyka’s mission of delivering safe, clean, and cost-effective autonomous aviation solutions worldwide.

## Responsibilities

- Perform essential procurement functions including requesting quotations, negotiating pricing, MOQs, Net Terms, Inventory Levels, Creating Purchase Orders, Managing Open and Planned orders, to ensure timely and cost-effective acquisition of materials and services.
- Establish and maintain strong relationships with suppliers, fostering collaboration to enhance quality and delivery performance while addressing any issues that arise.
- Collaborate with production, engineering and customer service teams to schedule inbound material deliveries, ensuring that materials arrive on time to support production and customer schedules, and minimize shortages.
- Effectively implement both engineering and manufacturing change orders in the ERP/MRP and any other systems used to track procurement, inventory or production
- Track supplier performance to on time delivery, quality and cost with monthly metrics and KPIs and quarterly business reviews with suppliers.
- Communicate with suppliers regarding return material authorizations (RMAs) and non-conformance reports (NCRs), ensuring that quality issues are addressed promptly and effectively. And partner with internal resources to manage and disposition items undergoing quality review or design changes.
- Maintain accurate master data related to pricing, lead times, standard costs and inventory levels. Analyze part, commodity and supplier specific data to inform strategic procurement decisions.
- Setup and optimize workflows for the Procurement function within the ERP/MRP system, as well as help the Supply Chain team establish resilient and robust processes as the organization grows
- Coordinate both inbound and outbound logistics with internal stakeholders and freight forwarders.
- Ensure all shipments adhere to local and international trade laws, including tariffs, quotas, and country-specific regulations for imports and exports.
- Assist the rest of the Supply Chain team and wider Pyka organization on import and export of goods
- Assist with Inventory Management and Material Handling in the Stock Room as needed
- Help develop processes for scheduling as well as tracking procurement, logistics, stock room/warehouse operations within the ERP/MRP system.
- Help assess and improve existing logistics workflows to enhance efficiency and reduce costs.

## Qualifications

- Bachelor's degree in supply chain management, business administration, engineering, or a related field.
- 3+ years past experience in a fast-paced manufacturing environment in a supply chain role where complex mechanical and/or electro-mechanical assemblies were built.
- Proven track record of executing on day to day procurement, logistics and related responsibilities
- Proven track record working with CM’s in China and Mexico at both the component as well as assembly level
- Excellent cross-functional collaboration, time management and prioritization skills
- Deep understanding of supply chain dynamics, including supplier evaluation, quality assurance, and risk management.
- Deep understanding of ERP/MRP systems and the functional workflows for procurement and logistics
- Experience working in a Quality Management System

## Preferred Qualifications

- Previous experience in electro-mechanical products, robotics, autonomous hardware, defense, aerospace, automotive, high tech, or another related industry.
- Previous experience in implementing ERP systems as they relate to supply chain and logistics (ex., supplier portal, warehouse management system...etc.).
- Strong team player who can wear different hats to help your team move forward. Willing to tackle individual contributor tasks while managing a small team.
- Experience in a “Big” company environment as well as a startup.
- We understand that candidates bring different strengths and experiences, and you don’t need to meet every qualification to be considered. If this role excites you, we’d love to learn more about you. You may be a great fit even if your background doesn’t align perfectly with the list.

## Compensation and Benefits

- **$125,000 - $180,000 per year base salary + equity.** Compensation will vary depending on location, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. Salary ranges are subject to change.
- Employer-sponsored health, dental and vision insurance
- FSA with employer matching
- 401(k)
- Paid holidays, generous PTO, and additional unpaid time off
- Voluntary short-term disability, long-term disability, and life insurance
- Pre-tax commuter benefits
- Free catered lunch and plenty of snacks

**Export Control Requirements**

This position requires access to technology, software and other information that is subject to governmental access control restrictions, due to export controls.  Employment in this position is conditioned on the continued availability of government authorization to authorize release of such items, to the extent required, including without limitation an export license, or other documentation required to establish authorization to receive access to such items.

Company may delay commencement of employment, rescind an offer of employment, terminate employment, and/or may modify job responsibilities, compensation, benefits, and/or access to Company facilities and information systems, as Company deems appropriate, in order to ensure compliance with applicable government access control restrictions.

--

We do not work with external recruiters; if you are an external recruiter, please do not reach out.