**About doola**

doola is a dynamic company committed to simplifying the complexities of business formation, payment setup, compliance, taxes, and more. We empower entrepreneurs and businesses of all sizes to navigate the intricate landscape of financial and regulatory requirements with ease, allowing them to focus on what truly matters - building and growing their ventures.

**About the Role**

Product management is one of the hardest jobs to define in any organization, partially because it's different in every company. At doola, we define the job of a product manager as follows: help your team (and company) ship the right product to your users. If you love sitting at the intersection of UX, Tech, and Business, then this role is for you. If you love spending your time on the highest priority things to help your team, then this role is for you. If you understand the tricky balance between getting it right and getting it out the door, with a bias for completion and action, then this role is for you.

Do you remember the thrill and further delight that you got from solving your first problems by building a solution to them? The feeling you got when you saw it was working? We want to deliver that to our users when they start their business but in a very streamlined and straightforward interface. We want to create the infrastructure that allows business owners to launch their company seamlessly. And also operate it hassle-free while keeping it compliant. This includes setting up a bank account for them using doola Banking and handling their taxes and compliance to keep their business compliant year-over-year. Today, the infrastructure and services are in our hands to build these software layers, and we have the demand from customers blowing us out of the water, but we need a great product manager to help us deliver on this promise.

## Key Responsibilities

- You'll work with our Product, Engineering, and Design teams to prioritize backlogs and scope new work to be done.
- You'll help prioritize what new product features we need to build from start to finish through conception, research, implementation, and maintenance.
- You'll help gather customer feedback to improve performance and reliability or polish existing features.
- You'll build internal tools to support simplicity and productivity for the whole team. Internal tools might include working with our backend engineers to create a microservice to help our customer experience team to be able to remove or add extra services to a company's account.

## Skills and Qualifications

- A thoughtful problem-solver: For you, problem-solving starts with a clear and accurate understanding of the context. You can decompose tricky problems and work towards a clean solution by yourself or with teammates. You're comfortable asking for help when you get stuck.
- You like FinTech: We are not a formation service; we're a fintech company. You are interested in the rapidly growing industry of B2B finance applications and love thinking about vertical fintech offerings and applications.
- You're familiar with our backend: You understand how parts of a system fit together—from the user interface to the data model. Experienced candidates should be familiar with relational and document-oriented database systems like DynamoDB and MongoDB. If you've experienced the technical challenges of rapid growth, that's a plus.
- You're pragmatic and business-oriented: You care about the business impact of what you're building, and you prioritize projects accordingly. You're not just going after cool stuff—you understand the balance between craft, speed, and the bottom line.
- You put users first: You think critically about the implications of what you're building and how it shapes real people's lives. You understand that reach comes with responsibility for our impact—good and bad.
- You have empathetic communication: You communicate nuanced ideas clearly, whether you're explaining technical decisions in writing or brainstorming in real time. In disagreements, you engage thoughtfully with other perspectives and compromise when needed.
- You're a team player: You understand when work is better together. You enjoy collaborating cross-functionally to accomplish shared goals, and you care about learning, growing, and helping others to do the same.
- You have a growth mindset: You are highly organized, detail-oriented, and metrics-driven. You are a fast learner who is passionate and always hungry to explore new ideas. You thrive in chaos and are comfortable in a fast-growing and changing startup.

## Bonus Qualifications

- Experienced using product management tools like Jira, Figma, Notion, etc.
- You have managed your own pod of engineers to define roadmaps and complete deliverables on time.
- You have experience working at a tech startup and/or you have experience with financial, tax, or business automation products, especially for SMB companies.
- You have interests outside of technology, such as art, history, or social sciences or some other area of passion.

**Why join us**

- Passionate team focused on growth and pushing the boundaries.

- Opportunity to work with a dynamic and innovative company at the forefront of the industry.

- Collaborative and supportive team environment with opportunities for growth and development.

- Flexible remote working arrangements.

- Competitive compensation package with performance-based incentives.

**Our values and non-values**

• Establishing team values is critical. We believe it’s equally essential to identify team non-values. We’re stronger in driving our mission home with both values and non-values taken into account. Note: Our goal in sharing these up front and transparently is to be as straightforward with people as possible. Our goal is not to be combative in our language; it’s to be straightforward.

• Action Item: If you read these values and non-values and get more *fired up* about working at doola, lets talk: <https://www.doola.com/careers/>

If you are passionate about helping businesses succeed and thrive, and you possess the skills and experience outlined above, we want to hear from you. Join us at doola and be part of a team dedicated to simplifying the path to business success.

doola is an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees.