HomeMade, Mable, Leap in! and Mable Direct are entities under the Attain Healthtech Group of companies. While our companies are diverse, three similarities bind us:

1. We exist to create lasting, positive change across the entire care and support sector - impacting more lives, elevating standards and shaping the future of care

2. We believe in technology as an enabler

3. We’re driven by helping customers attain better outcomes

This position is part of the Mable team.

**About Mable**

Mable is one of Australia's leading and fastest-growing healthtech platforms. As a purpose-driven company, we are where thousands of people with disability and older Australians have connected with independent support workers of their choosing and on terms that suit them.

With more than 25 million hours of support facilitated since 2014, it's no wonder we have been recognised on the AFR's Top 100, Deloitte Tech Fast 50, were previously awarded Australian Growth & Technology Growth Company of the Year.

By working at Mable, you will join a high productivity and dynamic team environment, leading to meaningful change in Australia's care and support sectors.

To find out more, visit <https://mable.com.au/>

**About the role**

At Attain Healthtech, we take performance and reliability seriously - especially on the backend. As a Full-Stack Engineer with a strong focus on backend development, you’ll play a key role in delivering robust functionality and ensuring platform stability through thoughtful implementation and problem-solving. While you’ll contribute across the stack, your work will primarily involve solving complex backend challenges and developing innovative technical solutions to make our platform as efficient and resilient as possible

## Responsibilities

- Collaborate with team members and stakeholders to solve complex problems and design effective backend solutions
- Take technical ownership of entire software projects, ensuring backend systems are robust, scalable, and user-friendly
- Lead the design, development, testing, and deployment of backend code to production
- Produce clear, detailed documentation - including data flows, diagrams, test results, and code comments
- Investigate and resolve backend issues based on customer and stakeholder feedback
- Champion backend best practices by following clean, standardised coding conventions
- Provide mentorship and guidance to junior team members
- Actively contribute to architectural discussions and technical decision-making within the team

## What are we looking for

- 3-5 years of professional experience in software development in TDD environments.
- Experience building, deploying and managing APIs on AWS infrastructure
- Experience building scalable and user-friendly backend applications.
- Strong understanding of backend technologies and best practices.
- Ability to design and implement backend solutions based on requirements.
- Experience with testing and verifying backend code.
- Excellent in both written and verbal communication, particularly for technical documentation.
- Experience with GitHub and Jira

**We’re powered by purpose**

**We’re Switched On 💡**

We know our customers because we listen and want to learn. We engage within the community and the sector and always act on insights.

**We’re Bold 📣**

We’re ambitious and embrace creativity to solve challenges. We’re here to reshape the industry and back big ideas.

**We’re One 🤝**

We channel our passion into a positive environment. We welcome diversity and collaborate to make the most of our different skills and ways of thinking.

**We’re Impactful 🌟**

We work hard to deliver change. We innovate and move fast to make a difference in the sector and people’s lives.

**Values we share as part of Attain Healthtech**

**Break New Ground** 🧨

We simplify care with creativity and bold ideas.

**Make It Matter**💟

We put people at the centre and create impact that improves lives.

**Own The Outcome**🥇

We aim high, deliver excellence and drive results that last.

**Our benefits**

**Power your career ⚡️**

Learn from industry experts, experienced leaders, and on-the-job opportunities.

**Access parental leave 👶**

Get 14 weeks of paid leave for primary carers and 6 weeks of paid leave for secondary carers plus superannuation.

**Work with flexibility 🏠**

We’re a hybrid workplace, balancing time in the office with remote work.

**Flexi Leave Days 🌴**

Get one extra paid leave day per quarter for what makes you happy.

**Take a floating public holiday 🫶🏾**

Acknowledge a significant day your way with family and friends.

**Be rewarded 🏆**

Celebrate wins and recognise great performance with an easy and accessible Reward and Recognition program.

**We are one**

As an organisation, we celebrate our diversity and welcome all people, regardless of their family responsibilities, ethnicity, faith, sexual orientation, or gender identity. Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander people are encouraged to apply.

If this role has stood out to you but you don’t feel like you ‘tick all the boxes,’ we strongly encourage you to apply nonetheless. We value diversity in experience, and you might just bring something we are looking for to our organisation!