**About Fam (previously FamPay)**

Fam is India’s first payments app for everyone above 11. FamApp helps make online and offline payments through UPI and FamCard. We are on a mission to raise a new, financially aware generation, and drive 250 million+ young users in India to kickstart their financial journey super early in their life.  
  
We’re reimagining how the next generation experiences fintech—going beyond payments to build a lifestyle brand that blends money, identity, and everyday experiences into one seamless, intuitive journey.  
  
Founded in 2019 by IIT Roorkee alumni, Fam is backed by some of the most respected investors around the world like Elevation Capital, Y-Combinator, Peak XV (Sequoia Capital) India, Venture Highway, Global Founder’s Capital and the likes of Kunal Shah, Amrish Rao as angel investors.

**About this role**

Can you make us a product offer we can't refuse? Then join us to be the godfather of some of the most innovative products in the Indian fintech industry. When the mission is to become the most loved application among the digital native young cohort of India, we cannot afford a product that's not better than the world's best out there.

As a Senior Product Manager at Fam you get to create and manage product innovations that the country is seeing for the first time ever. From the first numberless card in India, to the only payments app for teens, you would be required to build upon and build from scratch everyday.

If you are think you can create products for one of the smartest and youngest market segment out their, you are at the right place - apply now!

## On the Job

- Drive product vision and execution: Translate the broader product strategy into actionable roadmaps and deliver measurable impact
- Own key funnels or metrics – define, monitor, and improve critical KPIs such as activation, retention, CSAT, or revenue
- Collaborate cross-functionally with Engineering, Design, Growth, and Analytics teams to deliver end-to-end solutions
- Identify and solve real user problems by deeply understanding user needs, identifying opportunities, validating hypotheses, and delivering delightful experiences
- Be data-informed: Use quantitative and qualitative data to prioritize features and evaluate success post-launch
- Ensure high-quality product documentation by writing clear, structured PRDs and contributing to improved product processes
- Mentor and guide PMs through structured feedback, sharing best practices, and conducting product reviews
- Influence through user advocacy: Balance business goals with user empathy and data-driven decision-making
- Collaborate with teams to align on product priorities, share insights, and communicate progress effectively
- Get hands dirty when needed: Participate in discovery, design reviews, QA, or data deep-dives as required

## Must-haves (Min. qualifications)

- 6–8 years of experience in Product Management, ideally in B2C or consumer-facing products
- Proven track record of owning a key product metric (e.g., acquisition, activation, retention, revenue, NPS, CSAT, etc) and driving it end-to-end
- Experience working closely with Design and Engineering teams to conceptualise, prioritise, and ship impactful features
- Strong analytical and problem-solving skills – ability to translate data into insights and insights into product decisions
- Hands-on experience with funnel analysis and experimentation (A/B testing)
- Past experience in writing and reviewing PRDs and driving execution from idea to launch
- Excellent communication and documentation skills with clarity, depth, and stakeholder alignment
- Strong consumer understanding – ability to empathize with users and identify what drives delight vs. friction
- Executional ownership – solving real problems and delivering measurable business outcomes
- Actively leverages AI in day-to-day workflows and is familiar with tools beyond just GPT/Claude

## Good to have

- Experience in FinTech, Payments, or B2C commerce
- Exposure to ads, revenue, or customer retention initiatives
- Prior experience as an engineer turned PM or strong technical understanding of frontend/backend systems
- Comfort working in ambiguous, fast-paced environments
- Exposure to KYC, Customer Support, Retention, and Growth verticals
- Experience in building for scale, leveraging consumer insights and data to prioritize product bets
- Understanding of design systems, usability principles, and user behavior analytics tools
- Experience mentoring or managing small product pods or PMs
- Proven ability to mentor junior PMs or cross-functional teams

## Why join us?

- Make a significant impact on building how the next generation will interact with money
- Take ownership of end-to-end product strategy, from vision to execution.
- Opportunity to grow as a product leader and make a lasting impact in a high-growth environment.

**Perks That Go Beyond the Paycheck**

• Relocation assistance to make your move seamless.

• Free office meals (lunch & dinner).

• Generous leave policy, including birthday leave, period leave, paternity and maternity support, and more.

• Salary advance and loan policies for any financial help.

• Quarterly rewards and recognition programs, and a referral program with great incentives.

• Access the latest gadgets and tools.

• Comprehensive health insurance for you and your family, mental health support.

• Tax benefits with options like food coupons, phone allowances, car/device leasing.

• Retirement perks like PF contribution, leave encashment and gratuity.

**Here’s all the tea on FamApp ☕️**

FamApp focuses on financial inclusion of the next generation by providing UPI & card payments to everyone above 11 years old. Our flagship Spending Account, FamX, seamlessly integrates UPI and card payments, enabling users to manage, save, and learn about their finances effortlessly.

**Revolutionizing Payments and FinTech**

FamApp has enabled 10 million+ users to make UPI and card payments across India, removing the inconvenience of carrying cash everywhere. Users get to customise their FamX card with doodles, which lets them add a personal touch to their payments.

**Trusted by leading investors**

We’re proud to be supported by renowned investors like Elevation Capital, Y-Combinator, Peak XV (formerly Sequoia Capital India), Venture Highway, Global Founder’s Capital, and esteemed angels Kunal Shah and Amrish Rao.

**Join Our Dynamic Team**

At Fam, our people-first approach is reflected in our generous leave policies, flexible work schedules, comprehensive health benefits, and free mental health sessions. We don’t mean to brag, but we promise you’ll be surrounded by some of the most fun, talented and passionate people in the startup space.

Want to see what makes life at Fam so awesome? Check out our shenanigans at [@lifeatfam](https://www.instagram.com/lifeatfam/) 😛  

### **PS - We’re looking for someone with an AI-native mindset, who actively leverages AI in their day-to-day work, as we encourage and embed it across every level at Fam.**