<p>As the <strong>Senior Growth Strategy Manager</strong>, you will be primarily responsible for growing profit from HelloFresh ANZ’s lapsed customer base by ideating, sizing, prioritizing, and executing reactivation initiatives. You will use data to identify opportunity areas and collaborate with cross-functional and international colleagues to deliver successful initiatives in ANZ.</p>
<p>This role is based in <strong>Sydney</strong> and reports to the <strong>Director of Growth Strategy (Hellofresh &amp; Everyplate)</strong>.</p>
<p><strong>You will…</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><strong>Ideate</strong> creative ideas to improve the volume and profitability of the lapsed customer base subscribing back to HelloFresh.</li>
<li><strong>Drive</strong> the creation of reactivation target setting across marketing teams, ensuring an ambitious yet realistic quarterly business plan.</li>
<li><strong>Review and report</strong> on key business metrics related to lapsed customers, deep-diving into trends to identify opportunity areas.</li>
<li><strong>Advocate</strong> for reactivation initiatives during prioritization discussions and collaborate with stakeholders to ensure smooth execution.</li>
<li><strong>Facilitate decisions</strong> on initiative roll-outs by calculating incremental commercial benefits using data-points like A/B test results.</li>
<li><strong>Maintain artefacts</strong>, such as a roadmap of all key initiatives, to ensure clarity within the broader business on lapsed customer activity.</li>
<li><strong>Project manage</strong> initiatives from end-to-end to ensure they are launched in a timely and error-free manner.</li>
<li><strong>Lead</strong> other strategic topics as required to support the mealkit brands.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>You have…</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><strong>4-6 years of professional experience</strong> in top-tier management consulting, growth marketing (DTC preferred), or corporate strategy.</li>
<li><strong>A Bachelor’s or Master’s degree</strong> in business, finance, marketing, or STEM.</li>
<li><strong>Proficiency in building complex business cases</strong> and financial/operational modelling.</li>
<li><strong>Strong data skills</strong>, with the ability to identify and synthesise actionable insights from large amounts of data.</li>
<li><strong>Excellent communication skills</strong>, with the ability to convey ideas using compelling and succinct reasoning.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>You are…</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><strong>A proactive problem solver</strong> who builds strong relationships with stakeholders in an egoless and empathetic way.</li>
<li><strong>Commercially minded and well-organised</strong>, ensuring initiatives align with strategic objectives.</li>
<li><strong>A strong influencer</strong>, capable of rallying support and directing team efforts toward key initiatives.</li>
<li><strong>Critically evaluative</strong>, with the ability to prioritize initiatives to maximize commercial benefit.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>What you’ll get in return…&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>The chance to have a significant impact in a leading global food technology company</li>
<li>Flexible working arrangements&nbsp;</li>
<li>Egoless environment, constant learning with room for personal growth</li>
<li>Free access to Headspace</li>
<li>Internal learning &amp; development&nbsp;</li>
<li>A diverse and vibrant international environment, with offices in 18 countries</li>
<li>Company discount - 70% off HelloFresh &amp; 40% off Youfoodz</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Start Date: </strong>Immediately available - Can wait a notice period</p>
<p><strong>Duration: </strong>Permanent full time role</p>
<p><strong>Location: </strong>Chippendale Head Office - hybrid working environment&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Salary: </strong>Competitive salary &amp; employee benefits</p>
<p>#LI-Hybrid&nbsp;</p>