<div class="content-intro"><h2><span data-sheets-root="1">About Wolt</span></h2>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">At Wolt, we create technology that brings joy, simplicity and earnings to the neighborhoods of the world. In 2014 we started with delivery of restaurant food. Now we’re building the delivery of (almost) everything and you’ll find us in over 500 cities in 30 countries around the world. In 2022 we joined forces with DoorDash and together we keep on dreaming big and expanding across the globe.<br><br>Working at Wolt isn’t always easy, but it’s definitely exciting. Here you’ll learn more, build more, and ship more than in most other companies. You’ll be challenged a lot, but also have a lot of fun on the way. So, if you’re a self-starter with drive and entrepreneurial spirit, this could be the ride of your life.</span></p></div><p><em>Calling all team-players - are you looking for a flexible role that could shape the future of retail? If so, then let’s talk!&nbsp;&nbsp;</em></p>
<p>We are looking for two part-time Grocery Associates to join our team in the Wolt Market Bergen! 🤩&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>What you’ll be doing</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Taking in orders through our Merchant app</li>
<li>Picking and packing groceries, and handing them to customers and courier partners</li>
<li>Unloading food and supplies that we receive from vendors</li>
<li>Managing our internal systems which include precise information about nutrients and allergens</li>
<li>Maintaining order and cleanliness of the store</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Our humble expectations</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>You are proactive and a fast learner with the ability to multitask</li>
<li>You’ll work in flexible shifts in both morning and evening shifts across workdays and weekends - our store is open 7 days a week between 08:00-01:00. You'll need to have a transportation to commute during early morning and late evening hours. We require flexibility to work across all our working hours, including weekends and public holidays</li>
<li>Previous experience&nbsp;working in a grocery store/in retail is a&nbsp;plus!&nbsp;</li>
<li>Full professional proficiency in English is required, Norwegian is a plus</li>
<li>You are located and&nbsp;have the right to work in Norway</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>What you’ll get by joining us</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Wolt credits cashback benefit&nbsp;</li>
<li>Employee assistance program</li>
<li>Wolt-wide training programs&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p>If you are excited about working in a high-growth environment, taking ownership, and being part of an extremely ambitious team, then click below to apply and get the conversation going!</p>
<p>We will be reviewing applications on an on-going basis, so send through your application along with your CV as soon as possible! 💙</p><div class="content-conclusion"><h2><span data-sheets-root="1">Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion</span></h2>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">We’re committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. That’s why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.</span></p></div>