<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Distributed Systems engineers at Datadog design, implement and run in production the foundational platforms powering our applications. Your data pipelines will ingest, store, analyze and query in real-time billions of events per second from companies all over the globe. The platforms are optimized for durability, high availability, low latency, internet-scale footprint and operability.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><em><span style="font-weight: 400;">At Datadog, we place value in our office culture - the relationships that it builds, the creativity it brings to the table, and the collaboration of being together. We operate as a hybrid workplace to ensure our employees can create a work-life harmony that best fits them.</span></em></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>What You’ll Do:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Build fault-tolerant, horizontally scalable solutions running in multi-tenant environments</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Write in Go, Java, Rust or C++, amongst other languages</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Use Kafka, Redis, Cassandra, Elasticsearch and other open-source components</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Own meaningful parts of our service, have an impact, grow with the company</span></li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Who You Are:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">You have a BS/MS/PhD in a scientific field or equivalent experience</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">You have significant backend programming experience in one or more languages (Go, Java, Rust, C++)&nbsp;</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">You have been exposed to working on problems (high durability / low latency /…)</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">You can get down to the low-level when needed</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">You care about simple designs and performance</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">You want to work in a fast, high-growth startup environment that respects its engineers and customers</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;"><span data-sheets-root="1">You’re excited about leveraging AI tools to enhance how you code, solve problems, and build – or eager to learn how</span></span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;"><span data-sheets-root="1">You have demonstrated ability to use AI coding tools in day-to-day workflows and validate, critique, and refine AI-generated output</span></span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;"><span data-sheets-root="1">Bonus: You’re motivated to push the boundaries of how AI can improve software engineering best practices and contribute to building AI-enabled products</span></span></li>
</ul>
<p><em><span style="font-weight: 400;">Datadog values people from all walks of life. We understand not everyone will meet all the above qualifications on day one. That's okay. If you’re passionate about technology and want to grow your skills, we encourage you to apply.&nbsp;</span></em></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Benefits and Growth:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">New hire stock equity (RSUs) and employee stock purchase plan (ESPP)</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Continuous professional development, product training, and career pathing</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Intradepartmental mentor and buddy program for in-house networking</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">An inclusive company culture, ability to join our Community Guilds (Datadog employee resource groups)</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Access to Inclusion Talks, our Internal panel discussions</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Free, global mental health benefits for employees and dependents age 6+</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Competitive global benefits</span></li>
</ul>
<p><em>Benefits and Growth listed above may vary based on the country of your employment and the nature of your employment with Datadog.</em></p>
<p style="color: white;">#LI-Hybrid</p><div class="content-conclusion"><hr>
<p><strong>About Datadog:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>Datadog (NASDAQ: DDOG) is a global SaaS business, delivering a rare combination of growth and profitability. We are on a mission to break down silos and solve complexity in the cloud age by enabling digital transformation, cloud migration, and infrastructure monitoring of our customers’ entire technology stacks. Built by engineers, for engineers, Datadog is used by organizations of all sizes across a wide range of industries. Together, we champion professional development, diversity of thought, innovation, and work excellence to empower continuous growth. Join the pack and become part of a collaborative, pragmatic, and thoughtful people-first community where we solve tough problems, take smart risks, and celebrate one another. Learn more about #DatadogLife on <a href="https://www.instagram.com/datadoghq/?hl=en" target="\_blank">Instagram</a>, <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/company/datadog" target="\_blank">LinkedIn,</a> and <a href="https://learn.datadoghq.com/" target="\_blank">Datadog Learning Center. </a></p>
<hr>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="215"><strong data-renderer-mark="true">Equal Opportunity at Datadog:</strong></p>
<p>Datadog is proud to offer <a href="https://www.eeoc.gov/sites/default/files/2023-06/22-088\_EEOC\_KnowYourRights6.12ScreenRdr.pdf" target="\_blank">equal employment opportunity</a> to everyone regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity, veteran status, and other characteristics protected by law. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. Here are our <a href="https://www.datadoghq.com/legal/candidate-legal-notices/" target="\_blank">Candidate Legal Notices</a> for your reference.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Datadog endeavors to make our Careers Page accessible to all users. If you would like to contact us regarding the accessibility of our website or need assistance completing the application process, please complete <a href="https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSeoJeduEZ2NdZF\_65uZmWUrCM-zee7yADXX1s6Xr9zAGq8iKA/viewform" target="\_blank">this form</a>. This form is for accommodation requests only and cannot be used to inquire about the status of applications.&nbsp;</p>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="662"><strong data-renderer-mark="true">Privacy and AI Guidelines:</strong></p>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="662">Any information you submit to Datadog as part of your application will be processed in accordance with Datadog’s&nbsp;<a class="c-link" href="https://www.datadoghq.com/legal/applicant-candidate-privacy/" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://www.datadoghq.com/legal/applicant-candidate-privacy/" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">Applicant and Candidate Privacy Notice</a>. For information on our AI policy, please visit <a href="https://www.datadoghq.com/legal/interviewing-at-datadog-ai-guidelines/" target="\_blank">Interviewing at Datadog AI Guidelines</a>.</p></div>