## 📄 JOB DESCRIPTION

- Veepee is looking for a **Lead of UX/UI** for its Growth Marketing team. Attached to the Growth Director, the person in this position will lead the team of UX/UI designers, and will be in charge of defining the UX vision for the Veepee front experience, and assuring the optimization of the customer journey on all the Veepee sites, by following and analyzing the performance of each step of the customer journey.

## 🎯 TASKS

- **UX/UI vision and strategy**
- To define and deliver the UX/UI front vision of all the Veepee sites & apps in collaboration with the marketing business and Tech teams
- To ensure a flawless and coherent user experience across all devices, being a strong contributor on the improvement of the performance of the Veepee platforms, relying on the defined KPIs and monitoring added business value
- To be a source of best practices and innovative solutions to address the new e-commerce challenges, and more particularly the flash sales model.
- To ensure the development and maintenance of the group Design System.
- To be the UX/UI referent for Veepee Group, ensuring a clear and affordable sharing of UX/UI topics all along the Group, from Top Management to Operational teams
- **Collaboration Business - Tech**
- To closely work with Business teams and Product Tech teams to propose UX/UI solutions aligned with business expectations and Tech complexity.
- To ensure the quality of the business requests and the Tech deliveries in order to propose high performing evolutions.
- To be part of the core animation team for the Front topics, playing a key role on the definition of the Tech Roadmaps, prioritization of the projects and validation of deliveries.
- **Leadership of the UX/UI team**
- Management of the UX/UI designers team (5 people), ensuring the best support, mentoring and development for the team members.
- To define and to animate a performing organization for the UX/UI team (rituals, capacity management, planification …)
- To ensure the quality of the deliveries of the team, and to put in place the actions needed to keep the team updated with the most actual UX/UI trends and innovations.

## 👉 MUST HAVE skills

- At least 5 years of experience as Head of UX/UI, with a main focus on e-commerce environments.
- Leader, you dare to challenge and manage to influence others, positively managing the change
- Proactive, organized and autonomous, you are able to move things forward
- A strong understanding of the e-commerce universe, specially with high volumes of daily traffic.
- Results oriented and a strong capacity to identify the weaknesses of the processes and improve them.
- Feeling comfortable working with a wide range of different teams, from IT teams to Data science, legal, finance, logistics, commercial or operational.
- Fluent level of English is a must
- An international experience is a plus

## ❓ TEAM, WHO WE ARE ?

- The Marketing Growth team is dedicated to acquiring new customers, retaining existing customers and improving the user experience on all channels
- You will join a team of 1 Head of SEO; 2 BPOs (definition of the business needs); 1 Product analyst and 5 front UX/UI designers
- We are the owner of the Front roadmaps and SEO strategy at a group level, coordinating and consolidating inputs from a wide range of different teams, from IT teams to Data science, legal, finance, logistics, commercial or operational; and leading several initiatives from the Group Strategic Plan.

## ✅ BENEFITS

- 👉 Variable bonus
- 👉 Profit sharing & incentive schemes
- 👉 Remote working possible up to 2 days/week
- 👉 Online language learning platform
- 👉 CSE benefits
- 👉 CESU vouchers and vacation vouchers
- 👉 Access to company catering and connected fridges (Foodles, Kumo, Bolk)
- 👉 Access to the gym