<div class="content-intro"><p>At Algolia, we’re proud to be a pioneer and market leader in AI Search, empowering 17,000+ businesses to deliver blazing-fast, predictive search and browse experiences at internet scale. Every week, we power over 30 billion search requests — four times more than Microsoft Bing, Yahoo, Baidu, Yandex, and DuckDuckGo combined.</p>
<p>In 2021, we raised $150 million in Series D funding, quadrupling our valuation to $2.25 billion. This strong foundation enables us to keep investing in our market-leading platform and serving incredible customers like Under Armour, PetSmart, Stripe, Gymshark, and Walgreens.</p></div><p>Algolia’s Engagement Management Practice is a core driver of our strategic Onboarding Program, partnering with technical and business stakeholders to deliver structured professional services that bring customers live efficiently and with measurable impact.&nbsp;</p>
<p>As a Technical Onboarding &amp; Engagement Manager, you will be accountable for the end-to-end ownership of multiple concurrent, complex customer implementations, leading engagements from mobilization through production launch with disciplined execution and strong command of Algolia’s product suite and post-sale offerings.&nbsp;</p>
<p>This role requires exceptional customer-facing presence, operational rigor, decisive stakeholder leadership, and proactive risk management. You will be expected to establish clarity in scope, uphold delivery standards, and consistently meet defined timelines and success criteria to ensure customers achieve durable, long-term value from their investment in Algolia</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<h3><strong>Your Role Will Consist of:</strong></h3>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>Partnering with Account Executives and Solution Engineers to ensure a structured and efficient pre-to-post sales handoff, validating scope, success criteria, resource allocation and implementation readiness.</li>
<li>Defining AI Search requirements and detailed project plans in collaboration with Professional Services teams.</li>
<li>Owning technical engagement management across a portfolio of onboarding services, serving as the primary point of contact, while leading day-to-day execution and high performing culture alongside Solutions Architects, Business Consultants, and Engineering.</li>
<li>Partnering with Global System Integrators (GSI) on product, service and delivery strategies.</li>
<li>Driving project governance and accountability, managing milestones, dependencies, deliverables, hours/budget, and quality expectations.</li>
<li>Providing clear, structured communication on project health, progress, risks, and strategic recommendations to customer, internal stakeholders and executives.</li>
<li>Proactively identifying and mitigating risks, removing blockers, and executing contingency plans to protect timelines and outcomes.</li>
<li>Acting as the voice of the customer when product gaps are identified, raising awareness as needed.</li>
<li>Recognizing opportunities for upselling of professional services due to Onboarding extension requirements, customer engagement structure requirements and project velocity that would not be met by the post go live Foundation support model.</li>
<li>Leading structured post-go-live transitions to the Customer Success Manager and Technical Account Owner, ensuring effective knowledge transfer, clear ownership, and sustained customer confidence post-launch.</li>
<li>Contributing to the scalability of the Engagement Management Practice by identifying opportunities to automate and optimize onboarding processes, tools, and playbooks.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<h3><strong>You Might Be A Fit If You Have:</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>4+ years working knowledge of search, data, and AI technologies, with the ability to translate business requirements into structured implementation plans</li>
<li>5+ years of customer-facing Technical Engagement Management experience in an agency or SaaS environment, working closely with Solutions Architects or Engineering across engagements throughout the IT project lifecycle.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Experience applying project management methodologies such as Waterfall, Scrum, Kanban, or hybrid models to deliver successful outcomes</li>
<li>Demonstrated ability to operate effectively in a fast-paced, dynamic environment with strong organizational discipline and attention to detail.</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>Nice To Have:</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Project Management or Agile Certification (PMP, SAFe, Six Sigma)</li>
<li>Technical degree in computer science, engineering, or related quantitative field</li>
<li>Understanding and use of project management systems which may include Smartsheet, MS Office, Jira | Atlassian, Google Suite, Salesforce, Thoughtspot, Asana, Gainsight and Toggl&nbsp;</li>
<li>Professional fluency in a second European language, preferably German</li>
<li>Working knowledge of SQL</li>
</ul>
<p>#LI-Remote</p><div class="content-conclusion"><hr>
<p><strong>FLEXIBLE WORKPLACE STRATEGY:</strong></p>
<p>Algolia’s flexible workplace model is designed to empower all Algolians to fulfill our mission to power search and discovery with ease. We place an emphasis on an individual’s impact, contribution, and output, over their physical location. Algolia is a high-trust environment and many of our team members have the autonomy to choose where they want to work and when.&nbsp;</p>
<p>We have a global presence with offices in Paris, NYC, London, Sydney and Bucharest, however we also offer many of our team members the option to work remotely either as fully remote or hybrid-remote employees.<strong> Positions listed as "Remote" are only available for remote work within the specified country. Positions listed within a specific city are only available in that location - depending on the role it may be available with either a hybrid-remote or in-office schedule.</strong></p>
<p><strong>WE’RE LOOKING FOR SOMEONE WHO CAN LIVE OUR VALUES:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><strong>GRIT</strong> - Problem-solving and perseverance capability in an ever-changing and growing environment.</li>
<li><strong>TRUST </strong>- Willingness to trust our co-workers and to take ownership.</li>
<li><strong>CANDOR</strong> - Ability to receive and give constructive feedback.</li>
<li><strong>CARE</strong> - Genuine care about other team members, our clients and the decisions we make in the company.</li>
<li><strong>HUMILITY</strong> - Aptitude for learning from others, putting ego aside.</li>
</ul>
<p>We’re looking for talented, passionate people to help build the world’s best search and discovery technology. We value autonomy, diversity, and collaboration. We’re committed to creating an inclusive workplace where everyone is respected and supported—regardless of race, age, ancestry, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, marital status, color, veteran status, disability, or socioeconomic background.</p>
<p><strong>IMPORTANT NOTICE FOR CANDIDATES - Recruitment Fraud Notice</strong></p>
<p>We’ve recently seen an increase in recruitment scams targeting job seekers. To help protect yourself, please keep the following in mind:</p>
<ul>
<li>Our open positions may appear on third-party job boards, but the <strong>best way to apply safely</strong> is directly through our <strong>careers page</strong>.</li>
<li>All genuine communication from Algolia will come from an <strong>@algolia.com</strong> email address. If you receive an email from someone claiming to work at Algolia who does not have an @algolia.com email address, please do not respond or share any personal information.</li>
<li>We’ll <strong>never ask for payments, purchases, or financial details</strong> during the hiring process.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>READY TO APPLY?</strong></p>
<p>If you share our values and our enthusiasm for building the world’s best search &amp; discovery technology, we’d love to review your application!</p></div>