## Your Mission

<p style="margin-bottom:0cm;line-height:normal;border:none;padding:0cm;"><span style="font-size:14px;font-family:'Segoe UI', sans-serif;color:#161616;">We create the base building blocks for next generation infotainment systems, build system and user-facing applications and integrate those components into the car infotainment systems.</span></p><p style="margin-bottom:0cm;line-height:normal;border:none;padding:0cm;"><span style="font-size:14px;font-family:'Segoe UI', sans-serif;color:#161616;"> As a Software Engineer in an agile team you will develop new features, APIs and system libraries. You will take responsibility of designing, documenting, implementing, integrating and testing your code. Together with your team members you will contribute to the technical roadmap in order to continuously improve the components and provide guidance to engineers from other departments on how to integrate these.<br>  Development will typically be in C++ and Python, focused on embedded operating systems and making use of modern tools, technologies, engineering practices and methodologies. <br>  We work in different areas of the embedded, backend, UI and on multiple topics.<br> </span></p>

## Sneak preview of your future tasks

You will be working in On-Demand-Functions (ODF) team. And core responsibilites include following work:<br><ul><li>Design, develop and maintain scalable and reliable software. </li><li>Implementing new features and functionalities based on project requirements. </li><li>Drive the new Android change in the system.</li><li>Write clean, efficient and well documented code following best practices and coding standards. </li><li>Write unit tests, component tests, integration tests and regression tests to ensure software reliability.</li><li>Integrate and maintain continuous integration and deployment(CI/CD) pipelines.</li><li>Work closely with stake holders and cross functional teams, including product managers, designers, and other engineers.</li></ul>

## Your Profile

<strong>Education:</strong><br><ul><li>Degree in Computer Science, Information Technology, Communication Technology or a comparable qualification</li></ul><strong>Experience:</strong><br><ul><li>Excellent coding skills in Jave, C++ 14/17/20</li><li>Experience with embedded Linux</li><li>Experience with GIT version control, CI/CD</li><li>Basic Knowledge in Python</li><li>Understanding of TDD concepts and knowledge about testing frameworks (such as googletest and pytest)</li></ul><strong>Nice to have:</strong><br><ul><li>Experience with Yocto and/or Buildroot</li><li>Virtualization solutions such as Docker and QEMU</li><li>FOSS Background</li><li>Experience with in-vehicle infotainment systems</li><li>Knowledge and Experience of an (UI) app life-cycle</li><li>Knowledge in relevant app framework topics, e.g. Qt</li></ul><strong>Personal skills:</strong><br><ul><li>Well-developed communication and teamwork skills</li><li>Personal initiative, commitment, perseverance and resilience</li><li>Aspiration to engineering excellence</li></ul> <br><strong>Language skills:</strong><br><ul><li>Proficient in English</li><li>German is a nice to have</li></ul><br>

## Why us?

<ul><li>Be part of the next generation of infotainment systems powering millions of vehicles.</li><li>Work in an international, interdisciplinary software hub within Mercedes-Benz AG.</li><li>Live and work by strong company values and an open feedback culture.</li><li>Enjoy agile working methods and a modern, accessible office on the Spree.</li><li>Transportation and health benefits, car discounts, free coffee, and more.</li><li>Flexible working hours.</li></ul>

## Interested?

We look forward to receiving your complete application, including:<br><ul><li>CV (in English)</li><li>Relevant references</li><li>Job title and reference number</li><li>Earliest possible start date</li></ul>