Our Software Architects are “hands-on” problem solvers who coach our engineers on code organization, technical debt solving and big features implementation. They are accountable for leading tech roadmaps (performance scalability, security…), experiment new technologies, make PoCs and make sure our architecture remains a reference in the SaaS industry. This is a unique opportunity to :

**- Work with complex and cross-cutting challenges:** Building expertise around a complex codebase on which analysis and modeling capabilities are key. Significant traffic (4.5 million monthly active  users, 1 million courses played per week, 2 data centers) with a considerable volume of data to manage. A strong focus on “clean architecture” for long-term growth. The opportunity to stay "hands-on" by regularly refactoring our code, helping squads with their complex projects ...

**- In a scale-up wishing to improve itself:** Align R&D on strategic subjects: architecture, stack, organization, roadmap, objectives. Increase the skills of teams by disseminating good practices, organizing workshops and writing documentation. All in a context of strong international expansion of the product.

**- Within a high-level team:** Our R&D brings together some eighty engineers recognized for their ability to analyze and model extremely complex codebases. Our decentralized peer-review process allows everyone to benefit from the expertise of the other and to grow.

## Within a month, you will:

- Discover 360Learning, its platform, its teams and its culture
- Become familiar with how our R&D way of working
- Understand the team's processes

## Within 3 months, you will:

- Master our stack (NodeJS, VueJS, MongoDB) and our architecture
- Carry out your first (of many) complex project (e.g. implement a cache system to optimize the display of our dashboards)
- Set up several good development practices in the team (e.g. import practices and dependencies between our modules)

## Within 6 to 12 months, you will:

- Be strategic in the architectural choices for all our important projects (e.g. design of our messaging queue)
- Lead the evolution of our architecture and our technologies (e.g. to better segment our core-objects and the corresponding modules, introduce new Services or data pipelines in the stack )
- Evangelize and train our R&D on these developments by defining all the corresponding good practices
- Onboard new team architects

## The Skill Set:

- You have at least 8 years of experience, ideally within a Product-Led Growth company
- "Hands-on", you are used to working on complex codebases with an emphasis on software quality
- You are able to work on transversal technical subjects impacting all or part of an R&D team that you will have to evangelize
- You are familiar with software architecture characteristics and patterns (Cloud expertise - eg Azure is a plus)
- You know how to mentor and develop teams' skills on best practices, development, software design, new stacks...
- You are proficient in algorithms
- Fluent English (US/UK) / B2 level or equivalent (FR)
- Enthusiasm for our working environment explained here:  <https://bit.ly/Convexity360L>

## What We Offer:

- Compensation: Package includes base salary and equity 📈
- Benefits/Perks: Work From Home stipend, RTT, lunch vouchers, medical insurance, gym subscription, 1 month parental leave for the second parent.
- Balance: Flexible hours, full remote work possible anywhere in France 🏠
- Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion: We have 6 active ERGs including Mental Health, Environmental/Sustainability, Women, Parents, LGBTQIA2S+, and Ethnic Diversity. Each group has at least one executive team member serving as a member of the group, bringing greater awareness to each group’s activities and providing a quick path to impact  🤝
- Corporate Social Responsibility: Review our CSR Charter: [360learning.com/blog/corporate-social-responsibility-charter](http://360learning.com/blog/corporate-social-responsibility-charter) 🌎🌏🌍
- Culture: A framework that will help you make an impact - envision our way of working and our Convexity Culture: <https://bit.ly/Convexity360L> & find out more about the teams, product and processes <https://bit.ly/42H1ggC> 🚀👩🏻‍💻🏆

## Interview Process:

- Phone Screen with our Talent Acquisition Manager
- Discovery Meeting with our Director of Technology
- Kata Exercise with a Software Architect
- Clarification Meeting with a Product Manager
- Culture Fit Meeting with our VP of Engineering
- Ref Checks
- Offer !

**Who We Are**

360Learning enables companies to upskill from within by turning their experts into champions for employee, customer, and partner growth. With our LMS for collaborative learning, Learning & Development teams can accelerate upskilling with the help of internal experts instead of slow top-down training. 360Learning is the easiest way to onboard and upskill employees, train customer-facing teams, and enable customers and partners–all from one place.

360Learning powers the future of work at 1,700 organizations. Founded in 2013, 360Learning has raised $240 million with 400+ team members across North America and EMEA.

**Learning Includes Everyone.**

In concert with our culture, 360Learning believes learning includes everyone and that means embracing the strengths of diversity, connectedness, and inclusion. Through conscientious efforts, our global footprint celebrates cultures, perspectives, and experiences from all over the world to support our platform that is built for all regardless of race, ethnicity, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, religion, age, neurodiversity, disability status, citizenship, veteran status or any other aspect which makes an individual unique or protected by laws and regulations in the locations where we operate. Thus, 360Learning is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace, and we commit to continue this throughout our processes for recruitment, compensation, benefits, performance, promotion, and all other conditions and terms of employment. **We want to learn from and with you!**