<div class="content-intro"><h2><strong>About Remote</strong></h2>
<div><span style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">Remote is solving modern organizations’ biggest challenge – navigating global employment compliantly with ease. We make it possible for businesses of all sizes to recruit, pay, and manage international teams. With our core values at heart and future focused work culture, our team works tirelessly on ambitious problems, asynchronously, around the world. You can find Remoters working from 6 different continents (Antarctica left to go!) and all of our positions are fully remote.<br><br><span class="discussion-id-2f7cb4da-dab4-8068-a80f-001c50b2d808 suggestion-update notion-enable-hover" data-token-index="0">With Innovation as one of the core values, we have built Automation and AI capabilities into the requirements for every role.</span><br><br>We encourage every member of the Remote team to bring their talents, experiences and culture to the table to help us build the best-in-class HR platform.</span></div>
<div>&nbsp;</div>
<div><span style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">If you are energetic, curious, motivated and ambitious, be part of our world. Apply now and define the future of work!</span></div></div><h2>What this job can offer you</h2>
<p>As a critical extension of our clients’ HR teams, we navigate and advise on the intricate paths of global employment with unmatched speed, expertise, and precision. The vision of the Lifecycle team at Remote is not just about maintaining the gold standard in HR practices; it’s about elevating it, integrating cutting-edge technology solutions, and enriching customer experiences in over 80+ countries. On this team, your work directly influences our ability to sustain and extend our compliance coverage, continuously enhance our customer journeys, and significantly increase our operational capacity. You’re not just part of a team; you’re at the forefront of shaping the future of work, ensuring every interaction is fast, intuitive, and profoundly impactful. Dive into a role where your passion for innovation, commitment to excellence, and drive to make a global difference aligns with our mission to empower organizations worldwide to employ anyone, anywhere — compliantly.</p>
<p>At Remote, we're embarking on an exhilarating journey in the global employment landscape, and we invite you to be a pivotal part of it as the Manager of Lifecycle, Employee Relations &amp; Transitions within our esteemed Lifecycle Operations team.</p>
<h2><strong>What you bring</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Experience in Human Resources, Operations and/or Employee Relations roles with experience as a People Manager.</li>
<li>Preferred qualifications include tertiary degrees in HR, labour relations, or employment law; A strong requirement for this role is advanced expertise encompassing various HR aspects, such as business partnering, employee relations, performance management, and a thorough understanding of local employment laws.</li>
<li>Demonstrated experience and knowledge of global HR practices, employment laws, and regulations working across multiple countries, with significant exposure to complex involuntary employee exits and employee relations matters.</li>
<li>Understanding of progressive discipline processes, workplace investigation principles, and effective coordination of employee relations resources.</li>
<li>Proven success in leadership awareness, team engagement, and goal delivery through effective communication, influencing, and relationship-building skills across a culturally diverse and distributed team.</li>
<li>Excellent interpersonal skills that transcend potential cultural and language barriers, with strong emotional intelligence, and the ability to build trust and rapport, and influence senior leaders, members of management, clients and employees at all levels within the company.</li>
<li>Excellent verbal, analytical and written communication skills, with the ability to articulate complex ideas in a clear and concise manner.</li>
<li>Consistently exhibits high levels of discretion, integrity, professionalism, and confidentiality by adhering to Remote's core values: Care, Innovation, Intensity, Transparency and Excellence.</li>
<li>An agile, resilient and customer-centred approach to working in a dynamic, ever-changing organizational environment, with a high tolerance for ambiguity and motivation.</li>
<li>Cultural awareness and sensitivity: ability to flex style to suit differing cultural norms and experience of leading a culturally diverse team.</li>
<li>Exposure to working in a start-up environment is highly desirable; enjoys and understands the need to work largely asynchronously.</li>
<li>Proven experience in anticipating, identifying, understanding and analyzing complex business and culture issues, with the ability to manage these to complete resolution, and translate them into critical business strategies and initiatives</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Key Responsibilities</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Act as a primary point of contact for clients, delivering client focused legal, human resources, and advisory support</li>
<li>Partner closely with Operations teams to ensure seamless collaboration and high quality outcomes for clients</li>
<li>Lead and manage a team of Employee Lifecycle Specialists, providing hands on coaching, mentorship, and performance guidance</li>
<li>Oversee voluntary and non voluntary terminations across multiple countries, including complex and sensitive cases</li>
<li>Guide and support the team in delivering first level employee relations support to clients</li>
<li>Personally manage and advise on complex employee lifecycle and employee relations cases to ensure best in class service</li>
<li>Champion a client centric approach and consistently raise the bar on quality, consistency, and professionalism</li>
</ul>
<h2>Practicals</h2>
<ul>
<li><strong>You'll report to:</strong> Senior Manager Employee Lifecycle, Employee Relations &amp; Transitions</li>
<li><strong>Team:</strong> Lifecycle, Employee Relations &amp; Transitions</li>
<li><strong>Location</strong>: EMEA</li>
<li><strong>Start date:</strong> As soon as possible</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Application process</strong></h2>
<ol>
<li>Interview with recruiter</li>
<li>Async assessment</li>
<li>Interview with future manager</li>
<li>Interview with peers (no managers present)</li>
<li>Interview with executive</li>
<li><a href="https://www.notion.so/Bar-Raiser-Interviews-145cb4dadab4805386fbed0892ae0f53?pvs=21">Bar Raiser Interview</a></li>
<li><a href="https://www.notion.so/Veremark-Remote-96e108c037b8423cbd4c3f07a1f9b38b?pvs=21">Prior employment verification check</a></li>
</ol>
<p>&nbsp;</p><div class="content-pay-transparency"><div class="pay-input"><div class="description"><p>Remote's <a href="https://www.notion.so/remotecom/people-Total-Rewards-1945bce8d3924ece9421ba8630f57b0c">Total Rewards philosophy</a> is to ensure fair, unbiased compensation and fair <span class="link-annotation-unknown-block-id-1691622878">equity</span><span class="discussion-level-1 discussion-id-f2a82bc4-09e4-4a71-ad93-755b1d26a690 notion-enable-hover" data-token-index="3"> pay </span>along with competitive benefits in all locations in which we operate. We do not agree to or encourage cheap-labor practices and therefore we ensure to pay above in-location rates. We hope to inspire other companies to support global talent-hiring and bring local wealth to developing countries.</p>
<p>At first glance our salary bands seem quite wide - here is some context. At Remote we have international operations and a globally distributed workforce.&nbsp; We use geo ranges to consider geographic pay differentials as part of our global compensation strategy to remain competitive in various markets while we hiring globally.<br><br>Our salary ranges are determined by role, level and location, and our job titles may span more than one career level. The actual base pay for the successful candidate in this role is dependent upon many factors such as location, transferable or job-related skills, work experience, relevant training, business needs, and market demands. The base salary range may be subject to change.<br><br><em data-stringify-type="italic">At Remote, we foster internal mobility as a key element of our culture of employee growth and development, supported by a compensation philosophy that guarantees pay equity and fairness. Therefore, all compensation changes associated with an internal move will be reviewed by the Total Rewards &amp; People Enablement team on a case by case basis.</em></p></div><div class="title">The annual salary range for this full-time position is</div><div class="pay-range"><span>$48,850</span><span class="divider">&mdash;</span><span>$109,900 USD</span></div></div></div><div class="content-conclusion"><h2><strong>Benefits</strong></h2>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section">
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">Our full benefits &amp; perks are explained in our handbook at&nbsp;<a class="c-link" href="http://remote.com/r/benefits" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="http://remote.com/r/benefits" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">remote.com/r/benefits</a>. As a global company, each country works differently, but some benefits/perks are for all Remoters:</span></div>
<ul class="p-rich\_text\_list p-rich\_text\_list\_\_bullet" data-stringify-type="unordered-list" data-indent="0" data-border="0">
<li style="font-size: 12pt;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">work from anywhere</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">flexible paid time off</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">flexible working hours (we are&nbsp;<a class="c-link" href="https://remote.com/async" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://www.notion.so/remotecom/Working-Async-at-Remote-80c01cd443ad4c77a8ceaef7c5fba5d0" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">async</a>)</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">16 weeks paid parental leave</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">mental health support services</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">stock options</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">learning budget</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">home office budget &amp; IT equipment</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">budget for local in-person social events or co-working spaces</span></li>
</ul>
</div>
<h2><strong>How you’ll plan your day (and life)</strong></h2>
<p><span style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">We work async at Remote which means you can plan your schedule around your life (and not around meetings). Read more at <a href="https://remote.com/async" target="\_blank">remote.com/async</a>.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">You will be empowered to take ownership and be proactive. When in doubt you will default to action instead of waiting. Your <strong>life-work balance</strong> is important and you will be encouraged to put yourself and your family first, and fit work around your needs.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">If that sounds like something you want, apply now!</span></p>
<h2><strong>How to apply</strong></h2>
<ol>
<li style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;"><span style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">Please fill out the form below and upload your CV with a PDF format.</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;"><span style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;"><strong data-stringify-type="bold">We kindly ask you to submit your application and CV in English, as this is the standardised language we use here at Remote.</strong></span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif; text-align: left;"><span style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">If you don’t have an up to date CV but you are still interested in talking to us, please feel free to add a copy of your LinkedIn profile instead.</span></li>
</ol>
<p><span style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">Not only do we encourage folks from all ethnic groups, genders, sexuality, age, abilities, disability status and any other under-represented group to apply, but we prioritize a sense of belonging. We have 4 ERGs (Women, Disability, Queer, Minorities in Tech) who meet regularly with the People team. During your interviews and beyond, we ask &amp; encourage anybody who needs an accommodation to request one from their recruiter.<br></span></p>
<p><span style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">We will ask you to voluntarily tell us your pronouns at interview stage, and you will have the option to answer our anonymous demographic questionnaire when you apply below. As an equal employment opportunity employer it’s important to us that our workforce reflects people of all backgrounds, identities, and experiences and this data will help us to stay accountable. We thank you for providing this data, if you chose to.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">At Remote, we embrace AI as a valuable tool while prioritizing human creativity and authenticity.&nbsp;We look forward to meeting candidates who balance innovation with genuine expertise and experience.&nbsp;To learn more about Remote's AI guidelines check see&nbsp;<a href="https://www.notion.so/remotecom/Guidelines-on-using-AI-when-applying-for-a-job-at-Remote-11ccb4dadab4805f80a7c73b6567bd8f" target="\_blank" data-saferedirecturl="https://www.google.com/url?q=https://www.notion.so/remotecom/Guidelines-on-using-AI-when-applying-for-a-job-at-Remote-11ccb4dadab4805f80a7c73b6567bd8f&amp;source=gmail&amp;ust=1733927526443000&amp;usg=AOvVaw2sIVooKuyGfRra1PtGXreV">here</a>.&nbsp;</span><br><br><span style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;"><em>Please note we accept applications on an ongoing basis.&nbsp;</em></span></p></div>