<div class="content-intro"><p><strong><em>🚀 We’re on a mission to make money work for everyone.</em></strong></p>
<p>We’re waving goodbye to the complicated and confusing ways of traditional banking.</p>
<p>After starting as a prepaid card, our product offering has grown a lot in the last 10 years in the UK. As well as&nbsp;<a href="https://monzo.com/current-account/personal">personal</a> and <a href="https://monzo.com/business-banking">business</a> bank accounts, we offer <a href="https://monzo.com/current-account/joint-account">joint accounts</a>, <a href="https://monzo.com/current-account/16-17">accounts for 16-17 year olds</a>, a <a href="https://monzo.com/current-account/under-16s">free kids account</a> and <a href="https://monzo.com/flex">credit cards</a> in the UK, with more exciting things to come beyond. Our UK customers can also <a href="https://monzo.com/savings">save</a>, <a href="https://monzo.com/investments">invest </a>and&nbsp;<a href="https://monzo.com/pensions">combine their pensions</a> with us.&nbsp;</p>
<p>With our hot coral cards and get-paid-early feature, combined with financial education on social media and our award winning customer service, we have a long history of creating magical moments for our customers!</p>
<p>We’re not about selling products - we want to solve problems and change lives through Monzo ❤️</p>
<hr>
<p>&nbsp;</p></div><p>📍Barcelona (ESP) | Hybrid: 2-3 days from the office | 💰 Salary range +<strong> </strong>Incentive Awards tied to your performance + Benefits | <a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U62l09nB0M4">Hear from the team</a> ✨</p>
<p><strong>⭐Our User Research Team:</strong></p>
<p>We’re a team of 21 researchers embedded in collectives like Core Banking and Business Banking etc, collaborating closely with Product Design, Product Management, and Engineering teams. Led by Katherine Vaughan, our Director of Research. Research at Monzo is embedded into the Design org at Monzo. We are constantly growing and looking for amazing talent to join this highly impactful team. <br>You can find out more about how our design team thinks and operates by reading our Monzo Design <a href="https://monzo.com/blog/topic/design">blog</a>.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>🔑You’ll play a key role by...</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Building and nurture a customer-obsessed team culture, helping everyone to deeply understand our users and build products that meet their needs</li>
<li>Helping hire other brilliant people (in research, and probably design and beyond)</li>
<li>Collaborating with other global researchers to identify and deliver the most high impact work</li>
<li>Partnering with our global Research Operations Lead to find the best ways to store and share the knowledge you gather</li>
<li>Creating and work with international peers to work from a backlog of global opportunities.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Prioritising ruthlessly based on user needs and opportunities size</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>🤩 We’d love to hear from you if…</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>You have experience setting up research processes for the first time, and evolving your approach as circumstances change</li>
<li>You’ve worked on a global product before and you’re excited about building something new with the help of a world-class global team</li>
<li>You’ve got lots of hands-on experience with exploratory and evaluative qualitative research methods, appreciating their limitations and when to apply them appropriately.</li>
<li>You've worked in a multidisciplinary team environment before, where you've led the research and made a demonstrable impact on the direction of the product or service.</li>
<li>You can run user testing with your eyes closed, regardless of the setting. You should be comfortable in a lab as well as stopping people in the street for quick feedback or setting up</li>
<li>You're happy user testing on mobile. We’re a mobile-only bank.</li>
<li>You appreciate robust research study design, but can also consider practical constraints and business goals – you understand what 'just enough research' means.</li>
<li>You’re a strong communicator and facilitator. You’re able to tell a story so your audience will want to listen to and zoom into detail when needed to help solutions come to life.</li>
<li>You value collaboration and are at your best when you’re part of a team.</li>
<li>You’re familiar with quantitative research and understand how user research help<br>shape metrics and drive teams towards success.&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>🙌What’s in it for you</strong></p>
<p>📍Barcelona, ESP | Hybrid: 3 days a week in the office.</p>
<p>⏰ We offer flexible working hours and trust you to work enough hours to do your job well, and at times that suit you and your team.</p>
<p>📚€1,200 learning budget each year to use on books, training courses and conferences.</p>
<p>➕ Plus lots more!</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>🌈</strong><strong> The application journey has 3 key steps</strong><br><br>●&nbsp; Recruiter call (30 minutes). A video chat with a recruiter who is part of our hiring team. This focuses on general suitability and fit for Monzo.<br>●&nbsp; Research methods (60 minutes). You will be sent a pre-interview task by the hiring team, which you will discuss in the interview, followed by situation questions.<br>●&nbsp; Final loop (Total 1hr30 - 2hours). Split into 2 interviews - Teamwork &amp; Impact and Leadership and Values</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>LI-BJ1</p><div class="content-conclusion"><hr>
<p><strong>Equal opportunities for everyone</strong></p>
<p>Diversity and inclusion are a priority for us and we’re making sure we have lots of support for all of our people to grow at Monzo. At Monzo, we’re embracing diversity by fostering an inclusive environment for all people to do the best work of their lives with us. This is integral to our mission of making money work for everyone. You can read more in our <a href="https://monzo.com/blog/diversity-and-inclusion">blog</a>, 2024 <a href="https://monzo.com/blog/our-2024-diversity-and-inclusion-report" target="\_blank">Diversity and Inclusion Report</a> and 2024 <a href="https://monzo.com/blog/an-update-on-our-gender-pay-gap-2024">Gender Pay Gap Report.</a></p>
<p>We’re an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be considered for employment without attention to age, ethnicity, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, family or parental status, national origin, or veteran, neurodiversity or disability status.</p>
<p>If you have a preferred name, please use it to apply. We don't need full or birth names at application stage 😊</p></div>