<div class="content-intro"><p><strong>About Mixpanel</strong></p>
<p>Mixpanel turns data clarity into innovation. Trusted by more than 29,000 companies, including Workday, Pinterest, LG, and Rakuten Viber, Mixpanel’s AI-first digital analytics help teams accelerate adoption, improve retention, and ship with confidence. Powering this is an industry-leading platform that combines product and web analytics, session replay, experimentation, feature flags, and metric trees. Mixpanel delivers insights that customers trust. Visit <a href="mixpanel.com" target="\_blank">mixpanel.com</a> to learn more.</p></div><p><strong>About the Role</strong></p>
<p>Mixpanel's marketing team is responsible for creating messaging, content, and programs that drive awareness with our target audience, influence purchase decisions, and help users achieve maximum value from our products. We are looking for an experienced and creative Senior Product Marketing Manager. This person will wear many PMM hats but primarily spearhead our go-to-market (GTM) strategies in EMEA for launching new features, demand generation campaigns, and sales enablement programs.</p>
<p>This person will play a pivotal role in owning Mixpanel’s marketing strategy in EMEA and aligning stakeholders across the company to deliver on that strategy. This person should be an expert on bringing the voice of the customer into the room, they should be a strong thought partner for product, and be an exceptional storyteller. This person should think about the bigger picture of how product marketing programs can impact the business. This person will report to the VP of Product Marketing.</p>
<p><strong>Responsibilities</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Develop and execute innovative GTM strategies for new feature launches, ensuring alignment with our overall business goals and market needs.</li>
<li>Craft compelling positioning and messaging that clearly articulates the value and unique advantages of our new features to our target audience. Emphasis on storytelling here.</li>
<li>Conduct thorough market and competitive research to understand customer needs, preferences, and pain points, integrating these insights into our marketing strategies.</li>
<li>Collaborate closely with product management, sales, and customer success teams to gather feedback and ensure a seamless customer experience from product development through to launch. Contribute to sales enablement efforts.</li>
<li>Partner with demand generation to implement targeted marketing campaigns to drive awareness, adoption, and engagement, utilizing a mix of digital, event, and content marketing tactics.</li>
<li>Measure and analyze the effectiveness of GTM initiatives, leveraging data in Mixpanel to make informed decisions and optimize future launches.</li>
<li>Serve as a brand ambassador, ensuring consistent messaging and branding across all marketing materials and channels. Develop exceptional content and work towards a strategic content calendar.</li>
<li>Foster a culture of innovation and continuous improvement, staying ahead of industry trends and competitor activities.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>We’re Looking For Someone Who Has</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Bachelor's degree.&nbsp;</li>
<li>At least 5 years of experience in product marketing, preferably in the B2B SaaS sector.</li>
<li>Proven track record of developing and executing successful GTM strategies for software products or services.</li>
<li>Exceptional communication skills, both written and verbal, with the ability to craft compelling messages for diverse audiences.</li>
<li>Strong analytical skills, with experience in market research and data-driven decision-making.</li>
<li>Demonstrated ability to work collaboratively across functions and lead through influence.</li>
<li>Creative thinker with a passion for innovation and a customer-first mindset.</li>
</ul>
<p>#LI-Hybrid</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>Benefits and Perks</strong><strong><br></strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Comprehensive Medical, Vision, and Dental Care</li>
<li>Mental Wellness Benefit</li>
<li>Generous Vacation Policy &amp; Additional Company Holidays</li>
<li>Enhanced Parental Leave</li>
<li>Volunteer Time Off</li>
<li>Additional US Benefits: Pre-Tax Benefits including 401(K), Wellness Benefit, Holiday Break</li>
</ul>
<p><em>\*please note that benefits and perks for contract positions will vary\*</em></p>
<p><strong>Culture Values</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><strong>Make Bold Bets:</strong> We choose courageous action over comfortable progress.</li>
<li><strong>Innovate with Insight:</strong> We tackle decisions with rigor and judgment - combining data, experience and collective wisdom to drive&nbsp;powerful outcomes.</li>
<li><strong>One Team:</strong> We collaborate across boundaries to achieve far greater impact than any of us could accomplish alone.</li>
<li><strong>Candor with Connection:</strong> We build meaningful relationships that enable honest feedback and direct conversations.</li>
<li><strong>Champion the Customer:</strong> We seek to deeply understand our customers’ needs, ensuring their success is our north star.</li>
<li><strong>Powerful Simplicity:</strong> We find elegant solutions to complex problems, making sophisticated things accessible.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Why choose Mixpanel?</strong></p>
<p>We’re a leader in analytics with over 9,000 customers and $277M raised from prominent investors: like Andreessen-Horowitz, Sequoia, YC, and, most recently, Bain Capital. Mixpanel’s pioneering event-based data analytics platform offers a powerful yet simple solution for companies to understand user behaviors and easily track overarching company success metrics. Our accomplished teams continuously facilitate our expansion by tackling the ever-evolving challenges tied to scaling, reliability, design, and service. Choosing to work at Mixpanel means you’ll be helping the world’s most innovative companies learn from their data so they can make better decisions.</p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Mixpanel is an equal opportunity employer supporting workforce diversity. At Mixpanel, we are focused on things that really matter—our people, our customers, our partners—out of a recognition that those relationships are the most valuable assets we have. We actively encourage women, people with disabilities, veterans, underrepresented minorities, and LGBTQ+ people to apply. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance or other similar laws that may be applicable, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records. We’ve immersed ourselves in our Culture and Values as our guiding principles for the impact we want to have and the future we are building.</span></p></div>