<h2><strong>About Us</strong></h2>
<p>Graphcore is one of the world’s leading innovators in Artificial Intelligence compute.<span class="Apple-converted-space">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p>It is developing hardware, software and systems infrastructure that will unlock the next generation of AI breakthroughs and power the widespread adoption of AI solutions across every industry.<span class="Apple-converted-space">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p>As part of the SoftBank Group, Graphcore is a member of an elite family of companies responsible for some of the world’s most transformative technologies. Together, they share a bold vision: to enable Artificial Super Intelligence and ensure its benefits are accessible to everyone.<span class="Apple-converted-space">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p>Graphcore’s teams are drawn from diverse backgrounds and bring a broad range of skills and perspectives. A melting pot of AI research specialists, silicon designers, software engineers and systems architects, Graphcore enjoys a culture of continuous learning and constant innovation.<span class="Apple-converted-space">&nbsp;</span></p>
<h2><strong>Job Summary</strong></h2>
<p>We are looking for a UX Design Intern to join our UX team within Product Management. <span class="normaltextrun">This role is ideal for someone eager to develop their UX and UI design skills while working on complex, technical products. You will contribute to platform interface design, rapid prototyping and user research activities, supported by senior designers and engineers, and grow your impact over time.</span><span class="eop"><span lang="EN-GB">&nbsp;</span></span></p>
<h2><strong>The Team</strong></h2>
<p>The&nbsp;UX team supports&nbsp;Product Management at Graphcore&nbsp;to create intuitive and functional prototypes. Using Figma and front-end technologies, these prototypes need to be visually appealing and help developers through the AI/ML software lifecycles, as well as demonstrate a seamless and enjoyable user experience across all platforms and software deliverables.&nbsp;Design plays a key role in ensuring the teams ideas and complex technical workflows are intuitive and usable.&nbsp;</p>
<h2><strong>Responsibilities and Duties</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Design and iterate user interfaces and&nbsp;development tools&nbsp;under guidance,&nbsp;ensuring they support developers' needs</li>
<li>Contribute to rapid prototyping and testing of ideas</li>
<li>Contribute to usability research and analysing findings&nbsp;</li>
<li>Document and&nbsp;maintain&nbsp;any UX insights&nbsp;</li>
<li>Contribute to Decagon, the Graphcore design library, as well as other prototyping element libraries</li>
<li>Collaborate with engineers, product managers and other teams throughout the development lifecycle&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Candidate Profile</strong></h2>
<p><strong>Essential:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Currently studying a Bachelors/ Master’s degree in UX, Interaction Design, Graphic Design, Computer Science, or a related subject</li>
<li>Basic experience with design tools such as Figma or Adobe XD</li>
<li>Strong interest in UX/UI design and user-centred design principles</li>
<li>Good communication skills and a willingness to learn</li>
<li>Portfolio fearturing examples of coursework or personal projects (PDF or link)</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Desirable</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Exposure to usability testing or user research methods</li>
<li>Familiarity with Agile or team-based project work</li>
<li>Understanding of Atomic Design principles&nbsp;</li>
<li>Experience with front-end development&nbsp;</li>
<li>Basic understanding of AI/ML lifecycle and/or AI/ML trends</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Benefits</strong></h2>
<p>In addition to a competitive salary, Graphcore offers flexible working, a generous annual leave policy, private medical insurance and health cash plan, a dental plan, pension (matched up to 5%), life assurance and income protection. We have a generous parental leave policy and an employee assistance programme (which includes health, mental wellbeing, and bereavement support). We offer a range of healthy food and snacks at our central Bristol office and have our own barista bar! We welcome people of different backgrounds and experiences; we’re committed to building an inclusive work environment that makes Graphcore a great home for everyone. We offer an equal opportunity process and understand that there are visible and invisible differences in all of us. We can provide a flexible approach to interview and encourage you to chat to us if you require any reasonable adjustments.</p>