<p>
  <strong>Headquarters:</strong> North Smithfield, Rhode Island, United States
</p>

<p><strong>Job Title:</strong> Design Director</p><p><strong>Location: Fully Remote</strong></p><p><strong>Reports To:</strong> Director of Product Design and Development</p><p></p><p><strong>Job Overview: </strong></p><p>We are seeking a creative and technically skilled Design Manager to lead the development of inspiring, accessible, and high-quality hand-knit and crochet designs. In this role, you’ll shape seasonal collections that celebrate our yarns, support our maker community, and align with brand values. From concept to finished sample, your work will champion craftsmanship, innovation, and inclusivity across both knitting and crochet designs.</p><p><strong>Key Responsibilities:&nbsp;</strong></p><ul> <li>Lead the creation of original knit and crochet patterns that highlight the qualities of our yarns (fibers, textures, colors) and inspire makers of all levels.</li> <li>Develop and present design concepts, color palettes, mood boards, and sample sketches.</li> <li>Oversee technical development, including stitch selection, garment construction, and sizing.</li> <li>Develop and manage a seasonal pattern calendar tied to yarn launches, kits, and promotional campaigns.</li> <li>Research and analyze market trends, consumer needs, and emerging technologies to inform design direction.</li> <li>Oversee the pattern design process—including writing, reviewing, tech editing, and finalizing both knit and crochet patterns for print and digital release.</li> <li>Work cross-functionally with yarn development, marketing, and merchandising teams to align product releases, campaign stories, and pattern support with business strategy.</li> <li>Curate and manage a network of freelance knit and crochet designers, tech editors, and sample makers. Guide them through the design brief, tech editing, and photography process.</li> <li>Ensure all patterns are clearly written, technically accurate, size inclusive, and visually appealing – technically suitable for beginner to advance makers.</li> <li>Foster relationships with makers, testers, and content creators; participate in community initiatives like KALs, CALs, trunk shows, and tutorials.</li> <li>Travel as needed to yarn stores, trade events, and production sites.</li> </ul><p><strong>About Us</strong></p><p><strong>Local Crafts</strong>, (formerly Premier Needle Arts (PNA)), manages a variety of well-known brands, including Jimmy Beans Wool, Madeline Tosh, DellaQ, Connecting Threads, Knit Picks, Superior Threads, Crochet.com and Berroco. Our hands-on approach helps us provide fabrics, threads, yarns, and tools that meet our customers' preferences while maintaining exceptional quality.</p><p>Available through dedicated consumer websites, Amazon, wholesale distributors, local retail partners, and consumer shows, our products are loved by craft enthusiasts at every level. We help our customers love what they make!</p><p>As an equal opportunity employer, <strong>Local Crafts</strong> is committed to creating and maintaining a supportive and inclusive work environment. We empower each team member to reach their full potential and foster an atmosphere that inspires creativity among our customers.</p><p><strong>Why Join Us?</strong></p><p>You’ll play a central role in shaping brands beloved by knitters and crocheters around the world. From conceptualizing  beautiful designs to building community-centered collections, your work will inspire creativity, connection, and joy through yarn.</p> <p><strong>Required Skills &amp; Experience:</strong></p><ul><ul> <li>Bachelor’s degree in Fashion Design, Knitwear Design, or related field.</li> <li>5+ years of experience in knit and crochet design, ideally within a yarn company, with at least 2–3 years in a managerial role.</li> <li>Strong portfolio showcasing original knitwear designs across various gauges and techniques.</li> <li>In depth knowledge of yarns, knit structures, and garment construction.</li> <li>Strong technical expertise in both knitting and crochet, including pattern grading, charting, and editing.</li> <li>Proficiency in creating mood boards, color stories, and project briefs.</li> <li>Deep understanding of yarn construction, weights, fiber types, and appropriate applications for knit and crochet.</li> <li>Strong project management skills and experience leading cross-functional teams or freelancers.</li> <li>Proficient in Adobe Creative Suite, and pattern formatting/charting tools.</li> <li>Exceptional communication skills and a collaborative, inclusive approach to design leadership.</li> <li>Ability to manage multiple projects under tight deadlines with attention to detail.</li> <li>Passion for inclusive sizing, accessibility, and creative education. </li> </ul></ul> <p>Our compensation package is designed to match industry standards and account for factors like your geographical location, expertise, and years of experience. In addition to a competitive salary, you'll have access to performance-based bonuses and a wide range of benefits.</p><p>The starting pay range for this exempt/salary position is:</p><p>$80,000-$90,000 per year.</p><p></p><h3><strong>Benefits</strong></h3><p><strong>We offer a generous benefits package</strong>, including:&nbsp;</p><ul> <li>Multiple medical, dental and vision plan options after 30 days <strong>(with company contributions to the premium costs)</strong> </li> <li>Healthcare Savings and Flexible Spending Accounts</li> <li>Company-paid Life, Short and Long-Term Disability, and worldwide travel assistance benefits</li> <li>Voluntary life and income replacement plans</li> <li>401(k) Retirement Savings Plan <strong>with Employer Match</strong> </li> <li>Generous paid time off and holiday pay policies</li> <li> <strong>Employee discounts at all Local Crafts companies!</strong>&nbsp;</li> </ul>

<p><strong>To apply:</strong> <a href="https://weworkremotely.com/remote-jobs/local-crafts-design-manager">https://weworkremotely.com/remote-jobs/local-crafts-design-manager</a></p>