<p><strong>About us</strong></p>
<p><span data-teams="true">At Graphcore, we’re building the future of AI compute.</span></p>
<p><span data-teams="true">We’re a team of semiconductor, software and AI experts, with deep experience in creating the complete AI compute stack - from silicon and software to infrastructure at datacenter scale.</span></p>
<p><span data-teams="true">As part of the SoftBank Group, backed by significant long-term investment, we are delivering key technology into the fast-growing SoftBank AI ecosystem.To meet the vast and exciting AI opportunity, Graphcore is expanding its teams around the world.</span></p>
<p><span data-teams="true">We are bringing together the brightest minds to solve the toughest problems, in a place where everyone has the opportunity to make an impact on the company, our products and the future of artificial intelligence.</span></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Job Summary</strong></p>
<p>As a research intern at Graphcore, you will advance AI research and investigate new ideas that push the limits on important AI/ML problems. Specialised hardware has driven progress in AI over the last decade, and we believe that hardware-aware AI algorithms and AI-aware hardware developments will continue to be critical to this exciting field. We’re looking for candidates who are keen scientists and engineers, with the theoretical and practical skills needed for impactful AI research.</p>
<p>During your internship, you’ll investigate a research question that relates to machine learning or accelerated computation. Practically, this means designing experiments, implementing models and algorithms, exploring data and presenting results, with the aim to present work publicly to the wider research community.&nbsp;You will be largely self-directed in your research activity, with freedom to pursue the most promising approach, and with the benefit of appropriate mentoring and guidance.</p>
<p>Our team is interested in numerous topics across the field, including (but not limited to) efficient training and inference, improved model capabilities in the areas of factuality and reasoning, image and video generation, world models and molecule generation for life science applications.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>The Team</strong></p>
<p>Graphcore Research participates in both fundamental and applied research, to characterise the computational requirements of machine intelligence and to demonstrate how hardware can drive the next generation of innovative AI models. We publish at leading AI/ML conferences (NeurIPS, ICML, ICLR) as well as specialist workshops, and collaborate with other research teams and organisations across the world.</p>
<p><strong>Candidate profile</strong></p>
<p>We’re looking for technically-minded, highly-motivated and adaptable problem-solvers who can thrive in our collaborative team.</p>
<p><strong>Essential</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>A PhD student working in the field of Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence, or be pursuing a Masters degree in a relevant field with demonstrable research experience (for example, interesting ML publications);</li>
<li>Able to demonstrate your coding skills (Python, C++), for example through projects or previous work experience, and have experience of algorithm implementation in machine learning frameworks such as PyTorch;</li>
<li>Passionate about the field of AI, both theory and practice, with a keen interest to continue learning.</li>
</ul>
<p>We are excited to hear about your research! Please provide a short summary of a recent project with your application (and we’d love to hear about any other relevant work).</p>
<p><strong>Benefits</strong></p>
<p>In addition to a competitive salary, our centrally located offices provide a well-stocked kitchen with healthy food, drinks and snacks and our very own barista (Bristol only for now, but we have great coffee everywhere). We have an active social scene too: cycling, yoga, running, board games, table tennis, football, to name a few.</p>
<p>We welcome people of different backgrounds and experiences; we’re committed to building an inclusive work environment that makes Graphcore a great home for everyone. We offer an equal opportunity process and understand that there are visible and invisible differences in all of us. We can provide a flexible approach to interview and encourage you to chat to us if you require any reasonable adjustments.</p>