Pioneer of online flash sales since 2001 and key player in European e-commerce, Veepee collaborates with over 7,000 brands to offer highly discounted products available for a limited time. Operating across various sectors, including fashion, home, wine, travel or beauty... Veepee achieved a turnover of 3.3 billion euros incl. VAT in 2024 and employs 5,000 staff members across 10 countries.

## 📄 JOB DESCRIPTION

- Reporting to the Business Manager, the Key Account Manager is responsible for managing the brands present on the BrandsPlace (VEEPEE Marketplace) on a daily basis, ensuring the animation of the offer (analysis, improvement levers, and planning) in line with the revenue target and the expected level of service in the category.
- He/she also contributes to the growth of the categories through business development aimed at increasing the number of sellers present on BrandsPlace (prospecting, pitching, selling, and negotiating until closing the deals).

## 🎯 MISSIONS

- Within Veepee's commercial department, we are looking for a Key Account Manager to be responsible for the following tasks:
- Creating a trusting relationship with brands and managing them daily: regular calls, visits, newsletters, setting up and presenting client KPIs.
- Improving presence and performance on the marketplace, planning (building annual business plans), animating the offer (events, themes, finding the best catalog mix - stock, reference, price, etc.).
- Analyzing brand performance in the category and reporting KPIs to all stakeholders.
- Coordinating with other marketplace roles (brand support, business developer, e-merchandiser, etc.) and internal departments to ensure quality service to brands and an excellent member experience.
- Prospecting and identifying new sellers; initiating contact, leading meetings from pitch to contract signing.
- Acting as their daily contact for all strategic, operational, and technical questions (business, customer service, technical, etc.).
- Being proactive and implementing any initiative likely to develop or optimize the activities of the Marketplace team or the business.
- Management of International budget accountability (B2B)
- Coordination with KAM of the other countries to improve performances, animating the offer of the import and export sellers

## 👉 MUST HAVE skills

- With higher education in business or marketing, you have at least 3 years of professional experience in a similar position, ideally in the e-commerce/multi-brand/marketplace sector.
- You have a customer service attitude and are business-oriented;
- You are organized and rigorous;
- You are proactive and agile;
- You have excellent interpersonal skills and a strong sense of negotiation;
- You are fluent in Italian & English
- Proficiency in Excel is required.

## ✅ BENEFITS

- 👉Variable bonus
- 👉Opening hours & flexibility about holidays and permits⌚️
- 👉The dynamic and creative environment within international teams 🌍
- 👉The variety of self-education courses on our e-learning platform 👓
- 👉Team buildings & afterworks 💃
- 👉Tickets restaurant
- 👉Hybrid working model→ 2 days at home 🏡🏢
- 👉Free afternoon on your birthday 🎁

## ⚙️ RECRUITMENT PROCESS

- 1️⃣ HR interview with the recruiter
- 2️⃣ Interview with the manager
- 3️⃣ Interview with the Sales Director

We are convinced that it is up to you to define the way you work, to develop yourself and to progress. At Veepee we guarantee that you can just be yourself!

For the service of diversity and inclusion, Veepee is committed to reviewing all applications received on an equal basis.

The Veepee Group processes your data collected as part of the management of your recruitment in order to manage your application file for the position for which you have applied. To find out more about our [personal data protection policy](https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vSo1RtdSKVW0sLLtdwWOSoM3PzGXfqS030q1JrdJXDuOJXfhVwx_YLrrQYJcLQUpA/pub), we invite you to consult it on our career site.