<div class="content-intro"><div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
<div>
<p>At Cloudflare, we are on a mission to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers millions of websites and other Internet properties for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.&nbsp;</p>
<p>At Cloudflare, we’re not looking for people who wait for a polished roadmap; we’re looking for the builders who see the cracks in the Internet that everyone else has simply learned to live with. We value candidates who have the instinct to spot a "normalized" problem and the AI-native curiosity to create a solution using the latest tools. Our culture is built on iteration, leveraging AI to ship faster today to make it better tomorrow, while ensuring that every improvement, no matter how small, is shared across the team to lift everyone up. If you’re the type of person who values curiosity over bureaucracy, and that AI is a partner in solving tough problems to keep the Internet moving forward, you’ll fit right in.</p>
</div></div><p><strong>Office Location:- Bengaluru, India</strong></p>
<p>Customer Success at Cloudflare is focused on customer adoption and value realization of Cloudflare Solutions. We work closely with our customers in the closing stages of the sales cycle being ready to partner with them as they implement, adopt and optimize our cloud solutions around their business goals and objectives. We are proactively driven to fully understand their WHY so that we can articulate WHAT we can do to help to ensure full value and outcomes from Cloudflare Solutions and Products. The Customer Success Teams consist of Customer Success Managers and Customer Solutions Engineers to proactively engage with customer needs to help accelerate the outcomes that our customers are looking to achieve.&nbsp;</p>
<p>The Customer Success Team works closely across all of the Cloudflare Team particularly with Strategic Account Executives, Business Development Representatives, Solution Engineers, Product and Sales Operations to help our customers adopt Cloudflare and create great Internet-enabled experiences.</p>
<p><strong>What you’ll do </strong></p>
<p>We are seeking an experienced Customer Success Manager to join our Gcc customer success team. In this role, you will be responsible for managing and growing our customer base in the assigned region. You will be a trusted advisor to our customers and will work closely with them to ensure they are fully leveraging the capabilities of our platform and achieving their business objectives. You will also collaborate with other members of the Cloudflare team to drive customer retention, expansion, and customer satisfaction. This role is based in Bangalore, India.</p>
<p><strong>Key Responsibilities: </strong></p>
<p>● Serve as the primary point of contact for customers in the assigned region</p>
<p>● Build and maintain strong relationships with key customer stakeholders, including C-level executives, technical leaders, and business owners</p>
<p>● Fully manage the customer life cycle</p>
<p>● Serve as the voice of the customer within Cloudflare, and advocate for their needs and priorities</p>
<p>● Monitor customer usage and performance, and identify opportunities for adoption, retention and expansion</p>
<p>● Develop a deep understanding of customers' business objectives and challenges, and proactively provide strategic advice and guidance on how to best leverage Cloudflare's platform to achieve their goals</p>
<p>● Work with customers to develop and execute success plans, and ensure they are fully utilizing the platform's capabilities</p>
<p>● Collaborate with internal teams, including Sales, Support, and Product, to resolve customer issues and ensure a seamless customer experience</p>
<p>●Analyze customer data and provide insights to leadership on customer trends, needs, and opportunities&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Required Skill Set: </strong></p>
<p>● Adaptability and resilience in navigating complex situations and a rapidly evolving market</p>
<p>● Exceptional critical problem-solving skills to address clients' challenges and identify opportunities for growth</p>
<p>● Solid understanding of business strategy, with the ability to align Cloudflare's offerings with clients' objectives</p>
<p>● Comprehensive product knowledge, including Cloudflare's products, services, and technology stack, as well as industry trends and emerging technologies</p>
<p>● Proactive engagement with clients, partners, and internal teams to drive client satisfaction and business growth</p>
<p><strong>Requirements: </strong></p>
<p>● 5+ years of experience in a customer-facing role, ideally as a CSM, in the technology industry&nbsp;</p>
<p>● Strong understanding of cloud-based technologies and application security</p>
<p>● Proven track record of managing large, complex customer accounts and driving customer retention and growth</p>
<p>● Ability to work independently and as part of a team in a fast-paced, dynamic environment</p>
<p>● Excellent communication and interpersonal skills, with the ability to build strong relationships with customers and internal stakeholders</p>
<p>● Strong problem-solving skills and the ability to think strategically</p>
<p>● Bachelor's degree in technology or equivalent experience</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: Since 2014, we've equipped more than 2,400 journalism and civil society organizations in 111 countries with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: In 2017, we created the Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration. Since the project, we've provided services to more than 425 local government election websites in 33 states.</span></p>
<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Please note that applicants who progress to the offer stage of the interview process may be asked to attend an in-person interview within one of the Cloudflare Offices or Cloudflare Hubs.&nbsp; More details about this will be available at that stage of the interview process.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p></div>