<p><strong>This is Adyen</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Adyen provides payments, data, and financial products in a single solution for customers like Meta, Uber, H&amp;M, and Microsoft - making us the financial technology platform of choice. At Adyen, everything we do is engineered for ambition.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">For our teams, we create an environment with opportunities for our people to succeed, backed by the culture and support to ensure they are enabled to truly own their careers. We are motivated individuals who tackle unique technical challenges at scale and solve them as a team. Together, we deliver innovative and ethical solutions that help businesses achieve their ambitions faster.</span></p>
<p><strong>CI/CD Engineer</strong></p>
<p>Adyen is looking for CI/CD Engineers for its Platform Engineering solution in Amsterdam. The position involves working on a distributed, real-time, 24/7 system with interesting performance and security requirements. The primary function will be developing CI/CD solutions and pipelines for code and infrastructure. You will also be responsible for maintaining CI/CD tooling and infrastructure and supporting the rest of the organization. You’ll be replacing, re-building and refactoring components of a complex, bespoke CI infrastructure. Instead of just consuming technologies, you will be expected to develop the glue which binds code and infrastructure together. Together, we will be providing CI/CD “as-a-service” to the whole organization.</p>
<p><strong>Who you are:</strong></p>
<p>The person we’re looking for should have a solid Linux background with broad systems experience. You are familiar with building containers and Linux packages. You are well versed in the Software Development Lifecycle, and you know your way around Git. You love automating processes and advocating for best practices in CI/CD to the rest of the organization. Creating pipelines for GitLab CI and Jenkins is your bread and butter. You like to do things programmatically, by using Configuration Management and Infrastructure as Code tools (preferably Puppet, Ansible, and Terraform).&nbsp; Perhaps most important; you are a true team-player who is open to feedback and who is able to work with a global workforce, diagnose problems, make quick informed decisions and handle pressure. You also have strong communication skills.</p>
<p>You probably have experience with some of the below mentioned technologies and concepts, and are willing to learn the others;</p>
<ul>
<li>Jenkins and Gitlab pipelines.</li>
<li>Familiarity with containerization, Hashicorp and Kubernetes stack.</li>
<li>You have experience leveraging containerization technologies and artifact storage solutions (Nexus, Harbor, JFrog…) in creating robust CI/CD pipelines.</li>
<li>Linux, Nginx, Tomcat, Firewalls, network security protocols, databases, UNIX-related network services, TCP/IP networking, DNS, HTTP(s).</li>
<li>System configuration and administration, load balancing, horizontal scaling, monitoring, Understanding of Linux kernel primitives (Namespaces, Linux Cap, cgroups, etc), core operating systems including network setup and maintenance, network security and distributed file systems.</li>
<li>Be able to code in at least one programming language(Python, GoLang are preferred), and know your way around bash scripting</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Our Diversity, Equity and Inclusion commitments&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Our unique approach is a product of our diverse perspectives. This diversity of backgrounds and cultures is essential in helping us maintain our momentum. Our business and technical challenges are unique, and we need as many different voices as possible to join us in solving them - voices like yours. No matter who you are or where you’re from, we welcome you to be your true self at Adyen.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Studies show that women and members of underrepresented communities apply for jobs only if they meet 100% of the qualifications. Does this sound like you? If so, Adyen encourages you to reconsider and apply. We look forward to your application!</span></p>
<p><strong>What’s next?</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Ensuring a smooth and enjoyable candidate experience is critical for us. We aim to get back to you regarding your application within 5 business days. Our interview process tends to take about 4 weeks to complete, but may fluctuate depending on the role. </span><a href="https://careers.adyen.com/how-we-hire"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Learn more about our hiring process here</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">. Don’t be afraid to let us know if you need more flexibility.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This role is based out of our Amsterdam office. We are an office-first company and value in-person collaboration; we do not offer remote-only roles.</span></p>