<p><strong><span data-contrast="auto">Gradient AI:&nbsp; </span></strong><span data-contrast="auto">&nbsp;</span><span data-ccp-props="{}">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p>Gradient AI is revolutionizing Group Health and P&amp;C insurance with AI-powered solutions that help insurers predict risk more accurately, improve profitability, and automate underwriting and claims. Our SaaS platform taps into one of the industry’s largest data lakes—tens of millions of policies and claims—to deliver deep, actionable insights. Trusted by leading carriers, MGAs, TPAs, and self-insured employers, Gradient AI has grown rapidly since our founding in 2018. Backed by $56M in Series C funding, we're scaling fast—and it's an exciting time to join the team.</p>
<p><strong><span data-contrast="auto">About the Role:&nbsp;&nbsp;</span></strong><span data-contrast="auto">&nbsp;</span><span data-ccp-props="{}">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p>We&nbsp;are searching for a hands-on consultative Sales Executive, Health to join our team and sell our SaaS underwriting and analytics solutions to the health insurance industry. This individual will understand the customer’s business objectives, the technical components of our solutions, and utilize a deliberate sales methodology in achieving sales objectives.&nbsp;</p>
<p>The successful candidate will demonstrate enterprise software sales expertise, desire to hunt and build your own pipeline, and have experience selling into the health insurance space. They will come with their own strategies, approaches, and have very strong self-motivation. <strong><em><span data-contrast="auto">This is a fully remote opportunity.</span></em></strong></p>
<p><strong><span data-contrast="auto">How you will make an impact:</span></strong><span data-ccp-props="{}">&nbsp;</span></p>
<ul>
<li>Build your own book of business from the ground up with a strong pipeline of prospective customers through direct prospecting, relationships, and referrals</li>
<li>Lead all aspects of the consultative sales process including new business development, client research, objection handling, demoing, closing, and follow up</li>
<li>Draft statements of work and pricing proposals</li>
<li>Master our value proposition today and as the competitive landscape evolves</li>
<li>Hit, achieve, and exceed monthly and annual sales targets</li>
</ul>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">&nbsp;</span><strong><span data-contrast="auto">Skills needed to succeed:&nbsp;</span></strong><span data-contrast="auto">&nbsp;</span><span data-ccp-props="{}">&nbsp;</span></p>
<ul>
<li>5+ years of proven sales experience with at least a few years of hitting or exceeding quota.</li>
<li>Solid track record building your own book of business; someone who loves to hunt!</li>
<li>Strong negotiation and presentation skills; experience running demos &amp; ability to demonstrate ROI through the use of technology</li>
<li>Prior experience selling into C-level executives; outstanding verbal and written communication skills</li>
<li>Ability to work in a self-driven manner within a fast-paced, collaborative environment</li>
<li>Strong preference for experience selling into the health insurance space (e.g. Health Insurers (Carriers)/Health Plans, particularly Underwriting and Actuarial)</li>
</ul>
<p><strong><span data-contrast="auto">What We Offer:</span></strong><span data-contrast="auto">&nbsp;</span><span data-ccp-props="{}">&nbsp;</span></p>
<ul>
<li><span data-contrast="auto">A fun, team-oriented startup culture.&nbsp;</span><span data-ccp-props="{}">&nbsp;</span></li>
<li><span data-contrast="auto">Generous stock options - we all get to own a piece of what we’re building.&nbsp;</span><span data-ccp-props="{}">&nbsp;</span></li>
<li><span data-contrast="auto">Unlimited vacation days.&nbsp;</span><span data-ccp-props="{}">&nbsp;</span></li>
<li><span data-contrast="auto">Flexible schedule that supports working from home.&nbsp;</span><span data-ccp-props="{}">&nbsp;</span></li>
<li><span data-contrast="auto">Full benefits package includes medical, dental, vision, 401k, paid paternal leave, and more.&nbsp;</span><span data-ccp-props="{}">&nbsp;</span></li>
<li><span data-contrast="auto">Ample opportunities to learn and take on new responsibilities.&nbsp;</span><span data-ccp-props="{}">&nbsp;</span></li>
</ul>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">We are an equal opportunity employer.</span><span data-ccp-props="{}">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><strong>Salary Range: </strong>Up to $150,000 base salary annually.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>On-Target Earnings (OTE):</strong> Up to $300,000, with a 50/50 base-to-variable commission structure.<br>This role is also eligible for an equity grant and a comprehensive benefits package. In accordance with the Massachusetts Pay Transparency Law, we are providing a good-faith salary range for this position at the time of posting. The actual salary offered will depend on the level at which the candidate is hired, as well as their experience, skills, qualifications, and location. Compensation may grow over time through promotions and company-wide adjustments. If your salary expectations fall outside this range, we still encourage you to apply so we can have a conversation.&nbsp;</p>