<h2><strong>Join our mission, join Doctolib!</strong></h2>
<p>We are looking for a <strong>B2C Marketing Intern</strong> to join our <strong>B2C Marketing team</strong> in <strong>Milan</strong>.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Doctolib operates in dynamic and competitive markets. We contribute to the digitalization of healthcare systems, improving accessibility to care and simplifying practitioners' work-life across France, Germany and Italy.&nbsp;</p>
<p>As part of our Italian B2C Marketing team, you will play a crucial role in designing the strategy and monitoring the execution of scalable, multi-channel marketing solutions that drive growth and engagement in our Patient community.</p>
<h2><strong>What you’ll do</strong></h2>
<p>Your responsibilities include but are not limited to:</p>
<ul>
<li>Support the team in coordinating <strong>social media activities</strong> with agency partners, including project management tasks such as tracking timelines and deliverables to ensure smooth execution</li>
<li>Support the creation of <strong>paid social media creatives</strong> by developing engaging visual and written content for paid social campaigns, ensuring alignment with brand guidelines and campaign objectives</li>
<li>Handle <strong>B2B2C engagement activities</strong>, overseeing the ordering, inventory and distribution of marketing materials (posters, flyers, brochures) to doctors and salespeople while ensuring timely delivery and effective utilization</li>
<li>Manage <strong>reputation and review monitoring</strong> across various platforms (e.g., Google, Trustpilot, etc.), ensuring timely, professional and empathetic communication to maintain brand reputation and patient satisfaction.</li>
</ul>
<p>Working with us, you will:</p>
<ul>
<li>work with the local B2C Marketing team, having a chance to experience first-hand the impact Doctolib has on the healthcare system</li>
<li>gain hands-on experience in digital marketing, contributing to the discussion on how to effectively deploy and monitor Doctolib's marketing investment across different marketing channels and medical clusters</li>
<li>be part of a dynamic, fast-growing and international team, with freedom and ownership of your own work streams and responsibilities.</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Who you are&nbsp;</strong></h2>
<p>Before you read on - if you don't have the exact profile described below, but you feel this job description matches your skill set, we still encourage you to apply.</p>
<p><strong>You could be our next teammate if you:<em>&nbsp;</em></strong></p>
<ul>
<li>speak native-level Italian (C2)</li>
<li>are fluent in English (C1)</li>
<li>have an AI-first approach</li>
<li>showcase strong attention to detail and ownership of your own work streams</li>
<li>have experience with graphic design tools (e.g., Canva, Lovable) and strong creativity to produce impactful media assets.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Now, it would be fantastic if you:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>have previous experience in B2C Marketing or you completed school/work projects around omnichannel digital strategy</li>
<li>have previous experience working in fast paced environments</li>
<li>are passionate or have previous experience in the healthcare industry</li>
<li>fluently speak one or more languages such as French and/or German.</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>What we offer&nbsp;</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>A detailed, structured and individual onboarding program within our Doctolib Academy</li>
<li>Reimbursement of public transportation (ATM)</li>
<li>Electronic meal vouchers (€8.00 per worked day), Foorban fridges and office breakfast</li>
<li>A flexible workplace policy offering up to 2 days of hybrid work per week&nbsp;</li>
<li>A modern, attractive office in Milan, including regular breakfast offers, gym and other benefits</li>
<li>Regular team building workshops and other company events</li>
<li>A partnership with Wellhub, as well as free access to the gym in our Milan office, with 3 classes offered per week (yoga, pilates, functional training)</li>
<li>Free mental health and coaching services through our partner Moka.care.</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>The Interview Process</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Online interview with a team member</li>
<li>Onsite interview with your future Manager, including a case study&nbsp;</li>
<li>Offer!</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Job Details</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Contract type: internship (full-time, 40h/week)</li>
<li>Duration: 6 months</li>
<li>Workplace: Milan</li>
<li>Monthly allowance: €1000 gross per month</li>
<li>Start date: asap.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="5397" data-local-id="c3c397ae-0c27-452e-962a-14a478489d66"><em data-renderer-mark="true">At Doctolib, we are committed to improving access to healthcare for everyone. This translates into our recruitment process. We evaluate candidates based solely on qualifications and motivation, without any form of discrimination.</em></p>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="5628" data-local-id="ca91020a-8b73-4587-9fd5-596f4e9fc027"><em data-renderer-mark="true">The more diverse ideas are heard, the more our product will truly improve healthcare for all. You are welcome to apply to Doctolib, regardless of your gender, religion, age, sexual orientation, ethnicity, disability.</em></p>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="5846" data-local-id="e97406f3-b4b3-4659-bffd-8dd4de0507cc"><em data-renderer-mark="true">To ensure equal opportunities, we invite you to exclude personal information (e.g. pictures, age) from your applications. If you require any accommodation, please let us know for support during the hiring process.&nbsp;</em></p>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="6062" data-local-id="96ad7b56-6689-43cc-89cc-409c42a915aa"><em data-renderer-mark="true">Join us in building the healthcare we all dream of!</em></p>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="6115" data-local-id="1e0923cd-6e16-46e4-afcd-2ed1735114ed"><em data-renderer-mark="true">All information provided is processed by Doctolib for application management. For data processing details, click <a href="https://doctolib.legal/B2C-Privacy-Policy-Career-IT" target="\_blank">here</a>.</em><em data-renderer-mark="true">&nbsp;Please contact hr.dataprivacy(at)doctolib.com for inquiries or to exercise your rights.</em></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>