<p><strong>This is Adyen</strong></p>
<p>Adyen provides payments, data, and financial products in a single solution for customers like Meta, Uber, H&amp;M, and Microsoft - making us the financial technology platform of choice. At Adyen, everything we do is engineered for ambition.&nbsp;</p>
<p>For our teams, we create an environment with opportunities for our people to succeed, backed by the culture and support to ensure they are enabled to truly own their careers. We are motivated individuals who tackle unique technical challenges at scale and solve them as a team. Together, we deliver innovative and ethical solutions that help businesses achieve their ambitions faster.</p>
<p><strong>Senior Tech Recruitment Manager</strong></p>
<p>To ensure a future with the best and most diverse Tech talent for Adyen, we’re looking for an experienced leader to join our Global Recruitment Leadership Team in our Amsterdam office. In this role you’ll be leading a team of (mostly) Senior Tech Recruiters, creating and driving our global Tech Talent Acquisition Strategy and acting as a Global Functional Owner for our Tech Solutions. You’ll be collaborating directly with our CTO, Global Head of Product, Global Tech (Engineering &amp; Product) Leadership Team and Lead HRBP’s.<br><br><em>This role is based out of our Amsterdam office. We have a hybrid workplace and value in-person collaboration; we do offer relocation support for this role if required, but do not offer remote-only roles.</em><br><br><strong>What you’ll do</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Manage, mentor, and develop a team of (Senior) Recruiters. Multiply knowledge and experience within the Global Recruitment Leadership Team as the Senior Recruitment Manager.</li>
<li>Partner with top leaders across the Tech and Product functions to create and drive a Talent Acquisition strategy that ensures high quality candidate assessments and process efficiency.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Act as a Global Function Owner for our Tech Solutions to set priorities, drive for consistency across Tech Solutions and provide strategic advice on the talent attraction strategy aligned with business needs.</li>
<li>Lead global and local Recruiting projects on data usage, process improvements, DEI, rewards, employer branding, and candidate experience to constantly improve the Recruitment function.</li>
<li>Use people data and insights to identify trends, spot challenges, and recommend data-driven improvements.</li>
<li>Champion diversity, equity, and inclusion by supporting initiatives and cultivating inclusive team environments.</li>
<li>Ensure hiring quality aligned with Adyen's values and company culture.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Who you are</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Minimum of 10 years of Recruitment experience in a fast-paced, global, matrixed organization, partnering with all levels of leadership.&nbsp;</li>
<li>6+ years of leading teams supporting their growth and helping to remove obstacles and have experience in handling escalations.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Extensive full cycle recruitment experience with a focus on passive candidate attraction in the competitive Tech market.</li>
<li>Proven experience in leading (global) Recruiting projects, change management and global collaboration.&nbsp;&nbsp;</li>
<li>Proven experience with creating and driving Tech Recruiting strategies.</li>
<li>Trusted advisor who builds strong relationships and thrives in an evolving, unstructured environment.</li>
<li>A "builder" and change agent with a continuous improvement mindset, comfortable challenging the status quo to drive efficiency and cultural alignment.</li>
<li>Hands-on yet collaborative, always seeking simpler, more automated solutions.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Our Diversity, Equity and Inclusion commitments</strong>&nbsp;</p>
<p>Our unique approach is a product of our diverse perspectives. This diversity of backgrounds and cultures is essential in helping us maintain our momentum. Our business and technical challenges are unique, and we need as many different voices as possible to join us in solving them - voices like yours. No matter who you are or where you’re from, we welcome you to be your true self at Adyen.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Studies show that women and members of underrepresented communities apply for jobs only if they meet 100% of the qualifications. Does this sound like you? If so, Adyen encourages you to reconsider and apply. We look forward to your application!</p>
<p><strong>What’s next?</strong></p>
<p>Ensuring a smooth and enjoyable candidate experience is critical for us. We aim to get back to you regarding your application within 5 business days. Our interview process tends to take about 4 weeks to complete, but may fluctuate depending on the role. <a href="https://careers.adyen.com/how-we-hire">Learn more about our hiring process here</a>. Don’t be afraid to let us know if you need more flexibility.</p>
<p><em>This role is based out of our Amsterdam office. We have a hybrid workplace and value in-person collaboration; we do offer relocation support for this role if required, but do not offer remote-only roles.</em></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>