<div class="content-intro"><p>Intercom is the AI Customer Service company on a mission to help businesses provide incredible customer experiences.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Our AI agent Fin, the most advanced customer service AI agent on the market, lets businesses deliver always-on, impeccable customer service and ultimately transform their customer experiences for the better. Fin can also be combined with our Helpdesk to become a complete solution called the Intercom Customer Service Suite, which provides AI enhanced support for the more complex or high touch queries that require a human agent.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Founded in 2011 and trusted by nearly 30,000 global businesses, Intercom is setting the new standard for customer service. Driven by our core values, we push boundaries, build with speed and intensity, and consistently deliver incredible value to our customers.</p></div><h2>What's the opportunity?&nbsp;</h2>
<p>With the advent of AI, the nature of customer support has changed dramatically - as have the humans who provide it. Our next <strong>Technical Support Specialist </strong>will be someone who thrives in autonomy, is deeply curious, fluent in AI tools and holds an extremely high bar not just for themselves, but for their teammates.</p>
<p>As a Technical Support Specialist, you'll own complex technical queries around some of our most nuanced features, serve as a point of escalation for your colleagues for the most tricky investigations, consistently provide world class customer support, collaborate with our customers proactively to help them make the most of our platform and help drive improvements in product, processes, and peer development. You'll use AI tools alongside your own expertise to handle complex cases efficiently and play a role in shaping a culture of continuous improvement. We ship product updates consistently, so if constant learning excites and energises you, this environment will suit you well!</p>
<p>If this is the kind of role that excites you, then we want you as our next Technical Support Specialist.</p>
<h2>What will I be doing?&nbsp;</h2>
<ul>
<li>Communicating efficiently and effectively with our customers - we use our own product to do most of our support, but outbound phone calls are part of our offering too.</li>
<li>Owning customer communications and issues from initial contact until resolution.</li>
<li>Becoming an encyclopedia of knowledge about how Intercom works and what it is capable of.</li>
<li>Being the one responsible, along with the Support team, to ensure that all customers have a great experience with the product - a crucial part of the role is ensuring we make the product as easy to use, reliable, bug-free, and fast as possible.</li>
<li>Working directly with product teams to identify current issues and, synthesizing the diverse feedback you hear from our customers, offer informed opinions on potential solutions.</li>
<li>Debugging complex issues with an understanding of both our own codebase and the many technologies employed by our customers.</li>
<li>Utilizing inherited and learned technical knowledge to build tools that will help increase the efficiency and effectiveness of the team and its processes.</li>
<li>Influencing the direction of the Intercom product through daily communication with our customers and consistent collaboration with our product teams.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>What your first 6 months will look like:</strong></p>
<p>In your first 30 days you will:&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>Complete company onboarding, becoming familiar with Intercom’s values, strategy, and goals.</li>
<li>Dive into CS-specific trainings to learn the product and CS workflows and successfully pass relevant assessments.</li>
<li>Start talking to customers in the inbox and build “inboxing” fundamentals through Paired Inboxing sessions.</li>
<li>Showcase successful and proactive communication about your training progress and needs/questions that arise.</li>
</ul>
<p>In your first 60 days, you will:&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>Continue to complete CS trainings and pass relevant assessments successfully and on schedule.</li>
<li>Independently inbox using the resources and supports provided; be able to identify Problems to be Solved and address all pieces of the customer’s query.</li>
<li>Demonstrate ownership in the execution of your work.</li>
<li>Showcase successful and proactive communication, building on above - begin a habit of having items prepared for 1:1 discussion and driving the agenda.</li>
</ul>
<p>In your first 90 days, you will:&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>Receive QA reviews and action feedback.</li>
<li>Begin a personal growth tracker document (or Individual Development Plan) with your manager for ongoing development and showcase a proactive approach to personal and career development.</li>
<li>Contribute outside of the inbox via sharing suggestions and ideas for how we can improve.</li>
<li>Successfully meet KPI targets and/or goals.</li>
<li>Demonstrate Intercom’s Values in your work and alignment with the company vision and strategy.</li>
</ul>
<h2>What skills do I need?&nbsp;</h2>
<ul>
<li>3-4+ years of technical support experience, ideally within a software/SaaS environment.</li>
<li>Solid understanding of tech fundamentals &amp; modern day tools (Slack, Chrome, Coda, etc.)</li>
<li>A basic understanding of APIs and webhooks, navigating developer documentation to know what is and isn’t possible with Intercom’s REST API.</li>
<li>Strong customer focus (excels at &amp; enjoys helping customers)</li>
<li>Strong communication skills (ability to question, clarify, empathize, use appropriate tone &amp; language, personable)</li>
<li>Strong problem solving skills (ability to think critically and learn on-the-fly)</li>
<li>Ability to troubleshoot and utilize resources to answer questions on baseline topics</li>
<li>Ability to take on &amp; action feedback, as well as deliver feedback consistently and at a high quality to peers, managers and cross-functional partners.</li>
<li>Excitement for a support environment that has fully embraced AI solutions as the next step towards providing world-class customer support.</li>
<li>Demonstrated success working with Key Performance Indicators (KPIs) or other metrics/quotas.</li>
</ul>
<h2>Bonus skills &amp; attributes&nbsp;</h2>
<ul>
<li>Experience using Intercom, or similar SaaS platforms.</li>
<li>Experience as Tier 2 or similar level of support.</li>
<li>Experience in coaching &amp; mentoring teammates.</li>
<li>Experience in helping customers make the most of their current subscriptions.</li>
<li>Experience in using AI tools (Glean, ChatGPT, Gemini etc.) to troubleshoot customer issues.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>You’ll Thrive Here If You:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Are passionate about leveraging AI to enhance support experiences and drive team performance.</li>
<li>See support as an exciting opportunity to solve daily customer related puzzles.</li>
<li>Like finding ways to work smarter, not just harder.</li>
<li>Are hungry to learn, iterate, and help build something great.</li>
<li>Are excited by ownership, accountability and feedback—you don’t just do the work, you shape how it’s done, and are ok with sharing both constructive feedback &amp; kudos about it.</li>
</ul>
<h2>Benefits&nbsp;</h2>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are a well-treated bunch, with awesome benefits! If there’s something important to you that’s not on this list, talk to us!&nbsp;</span></p>
<ul>
<li>Competitive salary and equity in a fast-growing start-up.</li>
<li>Catered lunch every weekday, plus a fully stocked kitchen.</li>
<li>Regular compensation reviews - we reward great work!</li>
<li>Unlimited access to Claude Code and best-in-class AI tools; experimentation &amp; building is encouraged &amp; celebrated</li>
<li>Flexible paid time off policy.</li>
<li>Healthcare stipend towards private health insurance for you and your partner/spouse.</li>
<li>MacBooks are our standard, but we also offer Windows for certain roles when needed.</li>
</ul>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">#LI-Hybrid</span></p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>Policies&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>Intercom has a hybrid working policy. We believe that working in person helps us stay connected, collaborate easier and create a great culture while still providing flexibility to work from home. We expect employees to be in the office at least three days per week.</p>
<p>We have a radically open and accepting culture at Intercom. We avoid spending time on divisive subjects to foster a safe and cohesive work environment for everyone. As an organization, our policy is to not advocate on behalf of the company or our employees on any social or political topics out of our internal or external communications. We respect personal opinion and expression on these topics on personal social platforms on personal time, and do not challenge or confront anyone for their views on non-work related topics. Our goal is to focus on doing incredible work to achieve our goals and unite the company through our <a href="https://www.intercom.com/careers">core values</a>.&nbsp;&nbsp;</p>
<p>Intercom values diversity and is committed to a policy of Equal Employment Opportunity. Intercom will not discriminate against an applicant or employee on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, national origin, ancestry, sex, gender, age, physical or mental disability, veteran or military status, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, marital status, or any other legally recognized protected basis under federal, state, or local law.</p></div>