<h1><strong>The Role</strong></h1>
<p>We are seeking an experienced and hands-on Software Engineer for a fixed-term contract to join the Energy Grids team at Google DeepMind. In this individual contributor role, you will work at the cutting edge of power systems and machine learning, developing and deploying innovative AI solutions to optimize the operation of electrical power grids. Your work will be critical to delivering a real-world validation of our approach, with a primary focus on core software engineering tasks to:</p>
<ul>
<li>Enable rapid, trustworthy experimentation.</li>
<li>Maintain rigorous benchmarking and testing.</li>
<li>Manage scale for both data and model size.</li>
<li>Ensure and maintain high data quality for both real-world and synthetic data.</li>
</ul>
<h1><strong>Key Responsibilities</strong></h1>
<ul>
<li>Design, implement, and maintain robust and reliable systems and workflows for generating large-scale synthetic and real datasets of power grid optimization problems.</li>
<li>Design and implement rigorous unit, integration, and system tests to ensure the reliability, accuracy, and maintained performance of our models and software, with a focus on data pipelines.</li>
<li>Maintain and contribute to our machine learning codebase, ensuring efficient data structures and seamless integration with our power system models and optimization solvers.</li>
<li>Ensure the codebase supports ongoing experimentation, while simultaneously increasing scalability, robustness, and reliability via improved integration testing and performance benchmarking.</li>
<li>Work closely and collaboratively with a team of engineers, research scientists, and product managers to deliver real-world impact.</li>
</ul>
<h1><strong>Minimum Qualifications</strong></h1>
<ul>
<li>Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering, or equivalent practical experience.</li>
<li>Excellent proficiency in C++, Python, or Jax.</li>
<li>Demonstrated experience developing or utilizing solutions for robustness or quality assurance within software and/or ML systems.</li>
<li>Experience processing, generating, and analyzing large-scale data, e.g. for ML applications.</li>
<li>Proven ability to discuss technical ideas effectively and collaborate in interdisciplinary teams.</li>
<li>Motivated by the prospect of real-world impact and focused on excellence in software development.</li>
</ul>
<h1><strong>Preferred Qualifications</strong></h1>
<ul>
<li>Experience with Google's technical stack and/or Google Cloud Platform (GCP).</li>
<li>Familiarity with modern hardware accelerators (GPU / TPU).</li>
<li>Experience with modern ML training frameworks, such as Jax.</li>
<li>Experience in developing software in a translational research or production setting.</li>
<li>Proficiency in Julia</li>
</ul>