Metabase is the easiest way for people to get insights from their data, from tiny startups who get up and running quickly to major corporations with tens of thousands of users. That's why people [love us](https://www.metabase.com/love).

We bring data tools with the elegance and simplicity of consumer products to the crufty world of enterprise business intelligence. We provide an opinionated open source starting point for how companies should measure, analyze and share their data, which is used by tens of thousands of companies.

We built Metabase because existing tools for business intelligence didn’t feel like things we wanted to use. We wanted faster, simpler ways to ask questions about data, and wanted to strip away the colder feel of most Enterprise software. Folks seemed to agree, and now Metabase is used daily by tens of thousands of companies to give people in all sorts of roles access to insights they wouldn’t have otherwise had. None of this could happen without our user interface and that’s where you come in. We’re looking for someone with strong product sensibilities, extraordinarily good frontend skills, and solid software engineering fundamentals to join our team to advance the state of the art in our product and our industry.

We are hiring for **multiple Engineering Manager positions**.

## You Will

- Directly manage a team of engineers and help them ship features that delight Metabase users.
- Work closely with Product, Design, and Success teams to plan and execute on the product roadmap, balancing feature development, tech improvements and bug fixes.
- Coach individuals, tune processes, remove obstacles, and optimize the environment to continuously increase the speed of iteration.
- Be technical, deeply understand the problems the team is solving and make decisions within that context.
- Hire, onboard, and nurture top-level engineering IC talent.

## Skills and Experience

- Strong written and verbal communication, with a bias to written communication to support async processes in a fully remote and distributed team.
- 2+ years of engineering management experience or equivalent (you can demonstrate skill at key aspects of building and improving an engineering team, and supporting and developing people's careers).
- Ability to debug project execution to identify issues and changes to one or more of people, process, and project scope.
- Strong product sensibilities - you can critically navigate product proposal docs and Figma designs and translate them to engineering requirements that span the Metabase product stack, and identify and mitigate risks to building them.
- Strong technical background in one of: Clojure or Frontend (React + Typescript) ecosystems.

## Main attributes we look for in candidates

- Outcome focused, with the ability to ship code by removing obstacles and making decisions.
- Highly technical - can fluently read code, tech design docs, can engage in technical discussions that make the technical artifacts better, can provide constructive technical feedback, and is very close to the implementation details
- Use their technical understanding to make decisions regarding project execution and delivery.
- Problem decomposition to reduce risk, increase surface area for feedback and to be able to continuously adjust plans taking reality into account.
- Ability to coach and grow engineers, especially in a low structure environment without formal titles and well-defined career ladders.

## Why should you consider Metabase

- We're relentlessly user-focused and believe in building long-term value, not short-term hacks. And we raised a $30M Series B to take our approach to the next level for years to come.
- We are [open source](https://github.com/metabase/metabase) and you can check out the code to see what exactly we do. Look at [our roadmap](https://www.metabase.com/roadmap) to see what we plan to build next!
- The problems we face are genuinely interesting and aren’t trivial. Data influences so much of our world but isn’t that easy to interact with or understand. You’ll make tools that people rely on for their real jobs.
- The business is growing and so is the company!
- We're a fully remote global team (in 30 countries and growing). We get things done asynchronously with plenty of uninterrupted time and supporting each other to do the best work of our careers.
- We offer flexibility (define your own schedule and work from wherever you want), autonomy, and an environment that helps you grow.

We're a global team (50% outside the US), fully distributed (from Thailand to California), who get things done asynchronously, with plenty of uninterrupted time, supporting each other to do the best work of our careers. We offer flexibility (define your own schedule and work from wherever you want), autonomy, and an environment that fosters growth, learning, and development. We're relentlessly user-focused and believe in building long-term value, not short-term hacks. And we raised a $30M Series B to take our approach to the next level for years to come.

For U.S. applicants: Metabase participates in the federal E-Verify program, which confirms employment authorization of newly hired U.S. based employees. E-Verify is not used as a tool to pre-screen candidates and is only initiated upon hire.

[E-Verify Participation Notice](https://www.e-verify.gov/sites/default/files/everify/posters/EVerifyParticipationPoster.pdf) (English/Spanish)

[Right to Work Notice](https://www.e-verify.gov/sites/default/files/everify/posters/IER_RightToWorkPoster%20Eng_Es.pdf) (English/Spanish)