<div class="content-intro"><p><strong>We're transforming the grocery industry</strong></p>
<p><span class="im">At Instacart, we invite the world to share love through food because we believe everyone should have access to the food they love and more time to enjoy it together. Where others see a simple need for grocery delivery, we see exciting complexity and endless opportunity to serve the varied needs of our community. We work to deliver an essential service that customers rely on to get their groceries and household goods, while also offering safe and flexible earnings opportunities to Instacart Personal Shoppers.</span></p>
<p>Instacart has become a lifeline for millions of people, and we’re building the team to help push our shopping cart forward. If you’re ready to do the best work of your life, come join our table.</p>
<p><strong>Instacart is a Flex First team </strong></p>
<p>There’s no one-size fits all approach to how we do our best work. Our employees have the flexibility to choose where they do their best work—whether it’s from home, an office, or your favorite coffee shop—while staying connected and building community through regular in-person events. <a href="https://www.instacart.careers/flex-first" target="\_blank" data-saferedirecturl="https://www.google.com/url?q=https://instacart.careers/remote/&amp;source=gmail&amp;ust=1651869232122000&amp;usg=AOvVaw37OlxP8hAKN7nq4YwHQH7e">Learn more about our flexible approach to where we work.</a></p></div><p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Overview</strong></p>
<p>Field Technicians support our Deployment Operations team across our partner locations to set up, diagnose and resolve hardware and software related issues. You will work with tickets submitted via our Support Portal when on-site troubleshooting and resolution is needed. You will also provide valuable feedback on the state of hardware and software in the field to our teams.&nbsp; Caper will provide you with all the tools and work-instructions needed to solve on-site issues. You will collaborate with and be supported by teammates to contribute your feedback, ideas, and processes to build the future of grocery.</p>
<p>The Deployment Operations Team takes pride in managing the hardware life cycle from the time the carts arrive in our possession to the time they are delivered in store and beyond. Not only do we prep the carts for distribution, but we also take pride in providing support and maintenance to the carts, which will provide our retailers with little to no downtime.&nbsp;&nbsp;</p>
<p><br><br></p>
<p><strong>About the Job&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Unpacking and conducting Inbound Quality Checks of incoming shopping carts and other hardware upon arrival at Retailer locations.</li>
<li>Setting up carts by configuring/updating software, and setting up the hardware to the needs of the retailer.</li>
<li>Packing replacement carts and other hardware to be shipped back to warehouse</li>
<li>Work with Deployment Operations Technicians in providing hardware feedback from warehouse and field deployed hardware back to the hardware team</li>
<li>Travel is a component of this job and at times may require overnight stays</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>About You</strong></p>
<p>Minimum Qualifications</p>
<ul>
<li>Require knowledge of: Wi-Fi setups &amp; configurations and wiring of routers</li>
<li>Experience working with communication tools such as slack, google sheets &amp; email.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Investigate and resolve intermittent problems -provide troubleshooting and assist software support team.</li>
<li>Ability to learn quickly and follow established procedures &amp; directives.</li>
<li>Ability to work in a retail, grocery store environment and lift up to 40 kilograms.</li>
<li>Able to use generic battery-operated power tools</li>
<li>Must be meticulous and diligent with tracking materials and serial numbers.</li>
<li>Ability to think out of the box and roll up their sleeves when needed.</li>
<li>Access to a vehicle and willingness to travel to sites in the United States to perform cart setup and installations as required.</li>
<li>Make safety a top priority.</li>
<li>Enjoy learning about and working directly with software and hardware of new technology.</li>
<li>Highly organized with strong verbal and written communication skills to support customer and team interactions, as well as documentation.</li>
<li>Customer-focused orientation that aims to over-deliver on expectations.</li>
<li>Willing to work independently in the field.</li>
<li>A logical thinker who can connect the dots when a complex challenge arises.</li>
<li>Collaborative attitude who enjoys working with a team to solve problems.</li>
</ul>
<p>Pay Rate: $40/hour</p>