We’re a team of 500+ professionals who develop cutting-edge web data gathering solutions for thousands of the world’s best known businesses, including Fortune 500 companies.

**What’s in store for you:**

You’ll be the backbone of our company, working with different teams and departments to solve complex challenges. We’ll fuel your professional growth with vast internal and external learning resources and an environment of teaming up and knowledge sharing.

**A word from the team:**

Be part of only a few companies in the Baltic region that are taking the innovation world by storm. Contribute to securing and defending our Intellectual Property.

## Your day-to-day:

- Identify need for new filings of Oxylabs trademarks, designs and patents in the Intellectual Property Offices (IP Offices) around the globe.
- Perform freedom to operate for envisaged new IP applications.
- Coordinate IP filings globally.
- Guide outside counsels in preparing responses to office actions in trademark, patent, design and copyright applications in IP Offices.
- Take part of quarterly meeting with technical teams to collect new patenting ideas and safeguard new ideas’ pool.
- Advice colleagues on IP related topics.
- Prepare and give trainings on IP matters.
- Monitor legislative changes in the IP area and keep organization up-to-date.
- Keep track of expenses and coordinate outside counsels.

## Your skills & experience:

- Qualified patent attorney or University degree in Law. Intellectual Property law specialization would be an advantage.
- Education/certification/experience in computer science, engineering or other tech fields.
- 5 years of experience with IP in the private or public sector.
- In depth knowledge of IP law and passion for it.
- Fluency in spoken and written English.
- Thirst for IT environment and technology.  
  **Nice to have:**
- Previous experience with handling patent and trademark applications

## Our Salary & Work Benefits Package:

- **Gross salary:** 3100 - 4400 EUR/month. This position provides a fixed base only. Keep in mind that we are open to discuss a different salary based on your skills and competencies.
- To support your professional growth and make you feel taken care of, we’ve put together an expansive benefit package. It covers learning, well-being, celebration, and much more  — learn all about it [here](https://career.oxylabs.io/blog/our-work-benefits/).

**Up for the challenge? Let’s talk!**