<p>Bitwarden is the trusted identity security leader for millions of users worldwide, empowering enterprises, developers, and individuals to securely manage and share sensitive information anywhere. Bitwarden makes it easy for all users to extend robust security across their devices with password management, secrets management, and passwordless and passkey innovations. The company is headquartered in Santa Barbara, California. Learn more at&nbsp;<a href="https://bitwarden.com/">bitwarden.com</a>.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Bitwarden truly cares about users and wants them to have the best experience while accessing their sensitive information online. The Bitwarden Customer Engagement team is responsible for ensuring customer satisfaction and success with Bitwarden products and services. As a representative of Bitwarden values, your primary goal is to promote adoption, ensure user success, as well as retain and grow the customer base while identifying user wants and needs in order to advocate and deliver positive results for them.</p>
<p>This is an all-remote team and we’re looking for someone located in Australia or New Zealand. <strong>As Bitwarden does not have an ANZ business entity setup, this role will be filled with a full-time contractor.&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p><strong>RESPONSIBILITIES</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Oversee the entire customer journey from onboarding through renewal, ensuring practices that maximize usage across all product segments.</li>
<li>Develop standard onboarding procedures (SOPs) to accelerate time-to-value and deepen engagement.</li>
<li>Collaborate with customers to create account development plans (ADPs) outlining objectives, utilization milestones, and measurable growth targets.</li>
<li>Monitor customer health by leveraging analytics and feedback to detect early warning signs and take proactive measures that prevent churn.</li>
<li>Act as the central liaison between departments, anticipating needs, clarifying priorities, and removing roadblocks to safeguard customer outcomes.</li>
<li>Lead Quarterly Business Reviews (QBRs) that showcase achievements, gather insights on evolving requirements, and reinforce the value of Bitwarden solutions.</li>
<li>Proactively pinpoint expansion opportunities with Account Executives, offering targeted recommendations and account analyses to drive additional revenue.</li>
<li>Collaborate with Product and Engineering teams to incorporate customer insights and observations, shaping feature decisions, influencing roadmap priorities, and ensuring solutions that align with evolving customer needs.</li>
<li>Champion a client-centric, product-driven mindset by continually refining processes, leveraging data insights, and endorsing enhancements that elevate the overall user experience.</li>
<li>Furnish leadership with concise, actionable updates on high-impact customers—spotlighting usage trends, success milestones, and emerging concerns.</li>
<li>Maintain deep expertise in Bitwarden offerings and industry trends, delivering forward-looking counsel to strategic clients.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>WHAT YOU BRING TO BITWARDEN</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>A passion for user success, ensuring Bitwarden customers excel at every stage of their journey.</li>
<li>Genuine empathy that fosters authentic connections, turning stakeholder needs into actionable plans.</li>
<li>Executive-level interpersonal skills for building trust, forging meaningful alliances, and maintaining a consultative, sales-forward perspective.</li>
<li>An analytical, data-driven approach that leverages usage metrics, feedback, and adoption trends to inform key decisions.</li>
<li>Flexibility in responding to evolving customer demands, collaborating seamlessly with Sales, Product, and other teams.</li>
<li>Direct, transparent communication and compelling presentation skills that instill confidence and clarity.</li>
<li>A commitment to a user-focused, product-led culture, harmonizing solutions with organizational objectives and emerging industry innovations.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>WHAT TO EXPECT IN THE INTERVIEW PROCESS</strong></p>
<p>Selected candidates will be invited to schedule an introduction call and potentially progress through the following stages:</p>
<ul>
<li>Interview(s) with Head of Global Accounts</li>
<li>Case Study / Mock QBR</li>
<li>Interview with Chief Sales Officer</li>
<li>Interview with CEO</li>
<li>Reference calls</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>A FEW REASONS TO WORK AT BITWARDEN</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>The Bitwarden user community loves staying secure and the feeling is mutual. Come to work each day with a sense of purpose and bring a more secure internet experience to everyone from friends and family to the world’s largest organizations.</li>
<li>Become an expert. You’ll get immersed in the prominent technology markets of security and open source software.</li>
<li>Bitwarden remains dedicated to building a diverse and talented team. Work remotely with motivated and supportive team members across the world.</li>
<li>Learn and grow. Take on new challenges with the support of your team, and join the Bitwarden #growth-club to continue personal and professional development.&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>