<div class="gmail\_default" style="font-size: small;">
<div>
<div>To learn the Hiring Ranges for this position, please select your location from the <strong>Apply Now</strong> dropdown menu.</div>
<p style="text-align: justify; line-height: 1;">To learn more about our Hiring Range System, please click this <a href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ylUe7Ou0EbsOtGRBtUv1sSld3lbZ4mrYzo59tEkSjY8/edit?usp=sharing" target="\_blank"><span style="text-decoration: underline;"><strong>link.</strong></span></a></p>
<p><strong>Why Mozilla?</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Mozilla Corporation is the non-profit-backed technology company that has shaped the internet for the better over the last 25 years. We make pioneering brands like Firefox, the privacy-minded web browser. Now, with more than 225 million people around the world using our products each month, we’re shaping the next 25 years of technology and helping to reclaim an internet built for people, not companies. Our work focuses on diverse areas including AI, social media, security and more. And we’re doing this while never losing our focus on our core mission – to make the internet better for people.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">The Mozilla Corporation is wholly owned by the non-profit 501(c) Mozilla Foundation. This means we aren’t beholden to any shareholders — only to our mission. Along with thousands of volunteer contributors and collaborators all over the world, Mozillians design, build and distribute open-source software that enables people to enjoy the internet on their terms.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><strong>About this team and role:</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">A healthy and inclusive internet starts with the tools used to access and discover the Web. On iOS, we start by developing applications that give people a choice in their iOS browser to experience the Web in an open, safe and healthy environment. Promoting transparency, innovation, inclusion and opportunity from every angle for mobile is at our core.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">As an experienced iOS app developer, you have the chance to contribute to a meaningful product that stands out for its commitment to enhancing user experience and privacy. Join our team and be part of shaping the future of </span><a href="https://apps.apple.com/ca/app/firefox-private-safe-browser/id989804926"><span style="font-weight: 400;">browsing on iOS</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">, impacting users with a product recognized for its quality and innovation.</span></p>
<p><strong>What you’ll do:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Design, write, and maintain the code for sophisticated mobile applications on iOS, ensuring they meet our high standards for quality and user experience</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Work alongside a diverse and geographically distributed team&nbsp;</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Uphold our commitment to quality by conducting through code reviews, fixing bugs, and writing tests to ensure application stability and performance.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Collaborate with the team in building new features that enhance user engagement and contribute to the application’s growth while working closely with Product Managers</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Engage in crafting experiments to understand user interactions better and contribute ideas for product improvements.</span></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>What you’ll bring:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Experience building and shipping native iOS/iPadOS applications using Swift. Strong interest in modern iOS development practices, including SwiftUI and architectural patterns like MVVM</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">A passion for identifying and resolving bugs, with proficiency in code reviews, unit testing, and automation to ensure high quality, maintainable code.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Effectively operate in a distributed team setting, demonstrating excellent communication skills</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Work transparently as part of the Mozilla open-source project, interacting with Mozilla’s global community to support our mission and contribute to a healthier internet.</span></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Bonus Points for:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Reading and understanding Javascript and/or Rust.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Unafraid of asking questions, and proposing new ideas if you think they will make a positive impact.</span></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>What you’ll get:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Generous performance-based bonus plans to all eligible employees - we share in our success as one team</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Rich medical, dental, and vision coverage</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Generous retirement contributions with 100% immediate vesting (regardless of whether you contribute)</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Quarterly all-company wellness days where everyone takes a pause together</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Country specific holidays plus a day off for your birthday</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">One-time home office stipend</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Annual professional development budget</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Quarterly well-being stipend</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Considerable paid parental leave</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Employee referral bonus program</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Other benefits (life/AD&amp;D, disability, EAP, etc. - varies by country)</span></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>About Mozilla&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>Mozilla exists to build the Internet as a public resource accessible to all because we believe that open and free is better than closed and controlled. When you work at Mozilla, you give yourself a chance to make a difference in the lives of Web users everywhere. And you give us a chance to make a difference in your life every single day. Join us to work on the Web as the platform and help create more opportunity and innovation for everyone online.</p>
<p><strong>Commitment to diversity, equity, inclusion, and belonging</strong></p>
<p>Mozilla understands that valuing diverse creative practices and forms of knowledge are crucial to and enrich the company’s core mission.&nbsp; We encourage applications from everyone, including members of all equity-seeking communities, such as (but certainly not limited to) women, racialized and Indigenous persons, persons with disabilities, persons of all sexual orientation<span style="color: #003366;">s, </span>gender identities, and expressions.</p>
<p>We will ensure that qualified individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodations to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment, as appropriate. Please contact us at <a class="external-link" href="mailto:hiringaccommodation@mozilla.com">hiringaccommodation@mozilla.com</a> to request accommodation.</p>
<p>We are an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race (including hairstyle and texture), religion (including religious grooming and dress practices), gender, gender identity, gender expression, color, national origin, pregnancy, ancestry, domestic partner status, disability, sexual orientation, age, genetic predisposition, medical condition, marital status, citizenship status, military or veteran status, or any other basis covered by applicable laws.&nbsp; Mozilla will not tolerate discrimination or harassment based on any of these characteristics or any other unlawful behavior, conduct, or purpose.</p>
<p>Group: E</p>
<p>#LI-DNI</p>
<p>Req ID: R3088</p>
</div>
</div>