<div class="content-intro"><h2><span data-sheets-root="1">About Wolt</span></h2>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">At Wolt, we create technology that brings joy, simplicity and earnings to the neighborhoods of the world. In 2014 we started with delivery of restaurant food. Now we’re building the delivery of (almost) everything and you’ll find us in over 500 cities in 30 countries around the world. In 2022 we joined forces with DoorDash and together we keep on dreaming big and expanding across the globe.<br><br>Working at Wolt isn’t always easy, but it’s definitely exciting. Here you’ll learn more, build more, and ship more than in most other companies. You’ll be challenged a lot, but also have a lot of fun on the way. So, if you’re a self-starter with drive and entrepreneurial spirit, this could be the ride of your life.</span></p></div><h2><strong>Delivery Courier (Employed), Courier Operations</strong></h2>
<p>Wolt is introducing an employment option in Finland, alongside our existing entrepreneur model. This locally developed model creates new opportunities for people who want to bring joy, simplicity, and earnings to the neighborhoods of Finland. <a href="https://press.wolt.com/fi-FI/255107-wolt-tarjoaa-yrittajamallin-rinnalla-laheteille-mahdollisuutta-myos-tyosuhteeseen-peraankuuluttaa-selkeampaa-lainsaadantoa-alustatyoho/"><em>Read more here</em></a>.</p>
<p>We’re now hiring Delivery Couriers<strong> </strong>to join Wolt Operations in the Helsinki capital region. Wolt Operations is an independent company operating Wolt’s courier employment model in Finland. In this role, your main responsibility is to deliver orders to customers with accuracy and great service, ensuring every delivery is reliable and high-quality. As an employed courier, you’ll work under the guidance of your manager and within Wolt’s established routines and standards. The role allows you to plan flexibly when you choose to be online while being part of a team that helps connect customers, restaurants, and local stores.</p>
<p>We are looking for motivated Delivery Couriers to join our team in the Helsinki capital region! In this role, your main responsibility will be to deliver orders to customers while providing excellent service. We’re looking for people with a strong customer service mindset, a positive attitude, and the professionalism to ensure every delivery is a high-quality experience.&nbsp;</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>What you'll be doing</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>You’ll be carrying out deliveries within Helsinki and the capital region with your own vehicle</li>
<li>Following company-established routines and standards related to food and product safety, ensuring items are handled with care and that hygiene protocols are respected at all times</li>
<li>Taking ownership beyond the obvious by proactively identifying and solving minor issues during delivery operations, like incidents, delays, or irregularities</li>
<li>Representing Wolt in the field, acting as an ambassador of our values in every customer and partner interaction</li>
<li>Providing a customer-first experience during deliveries, maintaining a professional and friendly demeanor that reflects positively on our brand</li>
<li>Ensuring the cleanliness, safety, and functionality of your own vehicle</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>To succeed, you’ll need:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>A functioning phone with a network</li>
<li>An email address</li>
<li>A vehicle (car, bike, e-bike, motorcycle, scooter) that is insured and registered according to Finnish road act requirements. Cars need to be manufactured in the year 2000 or later</li>
<li>A Finnish or an EU driving license if your vehicle requires it</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Qualifications</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Customer service mindset</li>
<li>Hands-on and can-do attitude</li>
<li>Good communication skills</li>
<li>Reliable &amp; safe driving skills</li>
<li>Good knowledge of the Helsinki capital region</li>
<li>English level minimum B1</li>
<li>Valid eligibility to work in Finland: EU citizen, permanent residence permit, residence permit on family grounds, residence permit for a person with a degree completed in Finland (and the permit has already been granted), temporary protection visa (Ukrainians).</li>
<li>At least 18 years old</li>
<li>Previous experience from customer-facing work is considered a plus</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Additional information</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>The employment will be permanent.</li>
<li>Salary is based on per-task compensation.</li>
<li>Every delivery task is individually priced, and earnings are based on completed deliveries.</li>
<li>Wolt provides a delivery bag and safety equipment free of charge.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Next steps:</strong></p>
<p>If you are excited about this opportunity, then click below to apply and get the conversation going! We will be reviewing applications and inviting people to interviews on an ongoing basis, so we encourage sending your application ASAP.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Kindly note that we do not accept applications coming in via email due to GDPR. Please submit your application via our job portal. </strong>&nbsp;</p>
<p><br><br></p>
<p><strong><iframe src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/T10nqKEgkmE?si=Wne6e6YFlKURiGsA" width="560" height="314"></iframe></strong></p><div class="content-conclusion"><h2><span data-sheets-root="1">Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion</span></h2>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">We’re committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. That’s why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.</span></p></div>