<div class="content-intro"><h4><strong>Join Axon and be a Force for Good.</strong></h4>
<p>At Axon, we’re on a mission to Protect Life. We’re explorers, pursuing society’s most critical safety and justice issues with our ecosystem of devices and cloud software. Like our products, we work better together. We connect with candor and care, seeking out diverse perspectives from our customers, communities and each other.<br><br>Life at Axon is fast-paced, challenging and meaningful. Here, you’ll take ownership and drive real change. Constantly grow as you work hard for a mission that matters at a company where you matter.</p></div><h2><strong>Your Impact</strong></h2>
<p>As a Technical Account Manager, you will be a key player in deploying and supporting Axon’s software solutions directly within law enforcement agencies. You will leverage your expertise in Axon products and services to provide high-level technical support, manage complex deployments, and foster strong customer relationships. You will serve as the primary point of contact for your assigned agencies, handling major technical issues, driving software adoption, and acting as an advocate for the customer within Axon. Your work will contribute to enhancing public safety and saving lives by ensuring our technology is effectively utilized by those who need it most. <br><br></p>
<h2><strong>What You’ll Do</strong></h2>
<p><strong>Location:</strong> On-site in Wichita, KS at the Wichita Police Department<br><strong>Reports To: </strong>Manager of Technical Account Management Services</p>
<ul>
<li><strong>Lead Technical Support:</strong> Act as the main technical liaison for assigned agencies, diagnosing and resolving complex technical issues with Axon's products and services.</li>
<li><strong>Drive Deployments:</strong> Collaborate with deployment teams to design, configure, test, and implement Axon software solutions, ensuring successful rollouts.</li>
<li><strong>Manage Crisis Situations:</strong> Respond quickly to critical technical issues, acting as a crisis manager to restore functionality and minimize impact on agency operations.</li>
<li><strong>Advocate for Customers:</strong> Represent agency needs and feedback internally at Axon, influencing product development and service improvements.</li>
<li><strong>Promote Best Practices:</strong> Guide agencies through change management processes, identifying pain points and providing solutions to optimize software usage and adoption.</li>
<li><strong>Collaborate Across Teams:</strong> Work closely with cross-functional teams, including engineering, product management, and sales, to ensure a seamless customer experience.</li>
<li><strong>Data Management and Reporting:</strong> Utilize tools like Microsoft Power BI, SQL Server, and Form Builder/JSON to build custom dashboards, manage data integrations, and support reporting needs.</li>
<li><strong>Training and Education:</strong> Provide advanced training and training documentation to agency staff on Axon’s products and services, ensuring they are well-equipped to use the tools effectively.</li>
<li><strong>Provide Onsite Support:</strong> Work onsite with customers to resolve issues, provide training, and ensure the agency's needs are met promptly.</li>
</ul>
<p><br><br></p>
<h2><strong>What You Bring </strong></h2>
<ul>
<li><strong>Education:</strong> Bachelor’s degree in business administration, computer science, or a related field, or equivalent experience.</li>
<li><strong>Experience:</strong> 4+ years of experience in a technical account management or similar customer-facing role, preferably within the public safety or software sectors.</li>
<li><strong>Technical Expertise:</strong> Demonstrated experience in deploying SaaS solutions, including configuring, testing, and troubleshooting complex software applications.</li>
<li><strong>Customer Relationship Management:</strong> Proven ability to build and maintain relationships with diverse stakeholders, acting as a trusted advisor and advocate for customers.</li>
<li><strong>Cross-Functional Collaboration:</strong> Experience working with cross-functional teams (engineering, marketing, sales, customer support) to deliver high-quality support and product improvements.</li>
<li><strong>Problem Solving:</strong> Strong skills in root cause analysis, troubleshooting, and the use of tools like Splunk, JIRA, and Salesforce.</li>
<li><strong>Technical Skills:</strong> Advanced knowledge of Windows OS, networking (routing, switching, Wi-Fi), cloud solutions, virtualization, and storage.</li>
<li><strong>Data Analytics and Reporting:</strong> Experience with data management and reporting tools (Microsoft Power BI, SQL Server) and creating meaningful insights.</li>
<li><strong>Flexibility:</strong> Willingness to work onsite with customers and be available outside of normal business hours for critical issues.</li>
<li><strong>Compliance: </strong>Ability to pass a Criminal Justice Information Services (CJIS) background check and handle confidential information with discretion.</li>
<li><strong>Advanced Technical Skills: </strong>Experience building custom dashboards, writing SQL queries, and using advanced analytics tools.</li>
<li><strong>Experience in Public Safety: </strong>Previous experience supporting or working with public safety or law enforcement agencies.</li>
<li><strong>Certifications: </strong>Relevant technical certifications (e.g., Microsoft, Cisco, ITIL) are a plus.</li>
<li><strong>Law Enforcement Systems:</strong> Familiarity with law enforcement software systems such as RMS, CAD, and CJIS standards is highly desirable.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<h2><strong>Benefits that Benefit You</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Competitive salary and 401k with employer match</li>
<li>Discretionary paid time off</li>
<li>Paid parental leave for all</li>
<li>Medical, Dental, Vision plans</li>
<li>Fitness Programs</li>
<li>Emotional &amp; Mental Wellness support</li>
<li>Learning &amp; Development programs</li>
</ul>
<p><br><em>Benefits listed herein may vary depending on the nature of your employment and the location where you work</em></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p class="p1"><span class="s1">#LI-Onsite</span></p><div class="content-conclusion"><p>Don’t meet every single requirement? That's ok. At Axon, we Aim Far. We think big with a long-term view because we want to reinvent the world to be a safer, better place. We are also committed to building diverse teams that reflect the communities we serve.</p>
<p>Studies have shown that women and people of color are less likely to apply to jobs unless they check every box in the job description. If you’re excited about this role and our mission to Protect Life but your experience doesn’t align perfectly with every qualification listed here, we encourage you to apply anyways. You may be just the right candidate for this or other roles.</p>
<p><strong>Important Notes</strong></p>
<p><em>The above job description is not intended as, nor should it be construed as, exhaustive of all duties, responsibilities, skills, efforts, or working conditions associated with this job. The job description may change or be supplemented at any time in accordance with business needs and conditions.</em></p>
<p><em>Some roles may also require legal eligibility to work in a firearms environment.</em></p>
<p><em>We collect personal information from applicants to evaluate candidates for employment. You may request access, deletion, or exercise other CCPA rights at&nbsp;<strong data-stringify-type="bold"><a class="c-link c-link--underline" href="mailto:axongreenhousesupport@axon.com" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="mailto:axongreenhousesupport@axon.com" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">axongreenhousesupport@axon.com</a></strong>&nbsp;or via our&nbsp;<a class="c-link c-link--underline" href="https://privacyportal.onetrust.com/webform/0efc1702-9321-4119-bc9d-a06c3a1d3e4e/ca57cc26-a159-4193-9f6e-58ffe3fd2509" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://privacyportal.onetrust.com/webform/0efc1702-9321-4119-bc9d-a06c3a1d3e4e/ca57cc26-a159-4193-9f6e-58ffe3fd2509" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">Axon Privacy Web Form</a>. For more information, please see the Your California Privacy Rights section of our&nbsp;<a class="c-link c-link--underline" href="https://www.axon.com/candidateprivacypolicy" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://www.axon.com/candidateprivacypolicy" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">Applicant and Candidate Privacy Notice.</a></em></p>
<p><em>Axon’s mission is to Protect Life and is committed to the well-being and safety of its employees as well as Axon’s impact on the environment. All Axon employees must be aware of and committed to the appropriate environmental, health, and safety regulations, policies, and procedures. Axon employees are empowered to report safety concerns as they arise and activities potentially impacting the environment.</em></p>
<p><em>We are an equal opportunity employer that promotes justice, advances equity, values diversity and fosters inclusion. We’re committed to hiring the best talent — regardless of race, creed, color, ancestry, religion, sex (including pregnancy), national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship status, marital status, disability, gender identity, genetic information, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances — and empowering all of our employees so they can do their best work. If you have a disability or special need that requires assistance or accommodation during the application or the recruiting process, please email <a href="mailto:recruitingops@axon.com">recruitingops@axon.com. </a>&nbsp;Please note that this email address is for accommodation purposes only. Axon will not respond to inquiries for other purposes.</em></p>
<p>Phishing alert:&nbsp; Axon will never ask you to pay for any part of the hiring process, including training, equipment, or background checks. We do not make job offers via text message, WhatsApp, or instant messaging platforms without a formal interview process.&nbsp; All legitimate job openings are listed on our official careers page at <a href="https://www.axon.com/careers">https://www.axon.com/careers</a>. &nbsp;If you receive a suspicious offer or outreach from an email address that is not <strong>@axon.com</strong>, or if you are asked for sensitive personal information (bank details, Social Security Number) prematurely, please ignore the message and report it to <a href="mailto:recruitingops@axon.com">recruitingops@axon.com</a>.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p></div>