<div class="content-intro"><p>Figma is growing our team of passionate creatives and builders on a mission to make design accessible to all. Figma’s platform helps teams bring ideas to life—whether you're brainstorming, creating a prototype, translating designs into code, or iterating with AI. From idea to product, Figma empowers teams to streamline workflows, move faster, and work together in real time from anywhere in the world. If you're excited to shape the future of design and collaboration, join us!</p></div><div class="section page-centered">
<div class="section page-centered">
<div>
<p>We are now looking for our first Enterprise Solutions Consultant in Bengaluru, India to help Figma rapidly move up market and drive deals within large, sophisticated enterprise companies. In this role, you will serve as a technical and customer-facing resource, responsible for defining processes and programs that enhance scalability and represent Figma from a technical standpoint.</p>
This is a full-time role based out of our India office in Bengaluru.</div>
<div>
<h4><strong>What you'll be doing:</strong></h4>
<ul class="ul1">
<li class="li1">Paint the vision of the Figma Platform and guide customers in realizing the value through product demonstrations and presentations.</li>
<li class="li1">Go deep technically with an engineering and product audience on how our technology works and how it will accelerate their digital product delivery</li>
<li class="li1">Identify common trends across the market to influence our product team on the opportunity to unlock further growth opportunities.</li>
<li class="li1">Own the customer IT and Security relationship during the deal cycle by addressing security questionnaires, RFIs, RFPs, identity and enterprise questions.</li>
<li class="li1">Strengthen Figma's security reputation by understanding customer concerns about data access and working with product and legal teams to resolve findings.</li>
<li class="li1">Design and scale technical sales efforts, facilitating conversations and connections between our customers, sales and product teams.</li>
<li class="li1">Create thoughtful content to delight customers and internal partners surrounding the Figma platform.</li>
<li class="li1">Collaborate with amazing Figmates to hone your craft and execute daily.&nbsp; We are looking for phenomenal life-long learners who can operate with autonomy and own the market.</li>
</ul>
</div>
<div>
<h4><strong>We’d love to hear from you if you have:</strong></h4>
<ul class="ul1">
<li class="li2">8+ years professional experience&nbsp;</li>
<li class="li2">4+ years of sales engineering or solution consulting experience in a SaaS organization</li>
<li class="li2">Demonstrated ability to adapt to new technologies and learn quickly independently</li>
<li class="li2">Excellent communication skills within a variety of audiences and a knack for delivering compelling presentations and product demonstrations</li>
<li class="li2">Familiarity with the enterprise SaaS ecosystem</li>
<li class="li2">Has been responsible for positioning technology presales and implementing technology post-sales</li>
<li class="li2">Experience as a front end developer and familiar with Enterprise DevOps tools</li>
</ul>
</div>
<div>
<h4><strong>While not required, it’s an added plus if you also have:</strong></h4>
<ul class="ul1">
<li class="li1">Experience using or working with Figma, or other UX/UI experience</li>
<li class="li1">Actively using AI to convert Figma Design to Code</li>
<li class="li1">You embody our values and can thrive in a constantly evolving and growing environment</li>
</ul>
</div>
<div>At Figma, one of our values is Grow as you go. We believe in hiring smart, curious people who are excited to learn and develop their skills. If you’re excited about this role but your past experience doesn’t align perfectly with the points outlined in the job description, we encourage you to apply anyways. You may be just the right candidate for this or other roles.</div>
<div><span style="color: rgb(255, 255, 255);">#LI-DNI</span></div>
</div>
</div>
<div id="te-floating-button-container"></div>
<div id="te-floating-button-container"></div>
<div id="te-floating-button-container"></div>
<div id="te-floating-button-container"></div><div class="content-conclusion"><p>At Figma we celebrate and support our differences. We know employing a team rich in diverse thoughts, experiences, and opinions allows our employees, our product and our community to flourish. Figma is an <a href="https://www.eeoc.gov/sites/default/files/2022-10/EEOC\_KnowYourRights\_screen\_reader\_10\_20.pdf">equal opportunity workplace</a> - we are dedicated to equal employment opportunities regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity/expression, veteran status<strong>, </strong>or any other characteristic protected by law. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements.</p>
<p>We will work to ensure individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to apply for a role, participate in the interview process, perform essential job functions, and receive other benefits and privileges of employment. If you require accommodation, please reach out to <a href="mailto:accommodations-ext@figma.com">accommodations-ext@figma.com</a>. These modifications enable an individual with a disability to have an equal opportunity not only to get a job, but successfully perform their job tasks to the same extent as people without disabilities.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Examples of accommodations include but are not limited to:&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>Holding interviews in an accessible location</li>
<li>Enabling closed captioning on video conferencing</li>
<li>Ensuring all written communication be compatible with screen readers</li>
<li>Changing the mode or format of interviews&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p>To ensure the integrity of our hiring process and facilitate a more personal connection, we require all candidates keep their cameras on during video interviews. Additionally, if hired you will be required to attend in person onboarding.</p>
<p>By applying for this job, the candidate acknowledges and agrees that any personal data contained in their application or supporting materials will be processed in accordance with <a class="c-link c-link--underline" href="https://www.figma.com/legal/candidate-privacy-notice/" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://www.figma.com/legal/candidate-privacy-notice/" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">Figma's Candidate Privacy Notice</a>.</p></div>