<div class="content-intro"><p><strong>About Mirakl:</strong></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>Founded in 2012, Mirakl has been at the forefront of marketplace innovation, empowering every business to compete in the platform economy.<br><br>Today, Mirakl’s operating system combines an enterprise marketplace solution (Mirakl Platform) that enables retailers and B2B organizations to launch, scale, and operate marketplaces and dropship, AI-powered multichannel selling (Mirakl Connect), retail media (Mirakl Ads) and an agentic commerce infrastructure (Mirakl Nexus).<br><br>With dual headquarters in Boston and Paris, Mirakl helps a global ecosystem of 450+ marketplaces (B2C and B2B) and a network of over 100k third-party marketplace sellers. Brands like Macy’s, Decathlon, Carrefour, Asos, and Airbus Helicopters use Mirakl to grow their businesses in new and remarkable ways.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>For more information, visit&nbsp;<a href="http://www.mirakl.com">www.mirakl.com</a>.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Mirakl in Numbers:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>🗓️ Founded in 2012 | Member of French Tech Next40</li>
<li>👥 750+ employees in 9 offices worldwide: Paris, Barcelona, Bordeaux, Boston, London, Munich, New York, Sydney, Tokyo</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Our Values:</strong></p>
<p>Working at Mirakl means accelerating your career alongside ambitious, passionate, and supportive colleagues. We're proud of the diversity of backgrounds, perspectives, and experiences that make our teams unique.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>Our 5 values guide how we collaborate:</p>
<ul>
<li>💡<strong> Work Hard Together:</strong> Teamwork and collaboration are the foundation of our success</li>
<li>🏆 <strong>Get Things Done: </strong>&nbsp;We prioritize action and efficiency for impactful results</li>
<li>🚀 <strong>Go Above &amp; Beyond:</strong>&nbsp; We tackle challenges proactively and always aim for excellence</li>
<li>🎓 <strong>Succeed Through Expertise:</strong> Knowledge sharing and continuous learning are core to our culture</li>
<li>🤝 <strong>Satisfy &amp; Empower Clients:</strong> We're committed to our clients' success</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p></div><p>As a<strong> Account Manager/ Business Developer for Mirakl Ads</strong>, you will play a pivotal role in expanding our retail media business. You will be responsible for both <strong>acquiring and engaging</strong> advertisers, supporting them in leveraging <strong>Mirakl Ads solutions</strong> to achieve their growth objectives. Through a mix of <strong>business development, strategic advisory, and data-driven insights</strong>, you will help advertisers maximize their return on investment while driving the success of Mirakl-powered marketplaces.</p>
<h4><strong>What You’ll Do at Mirakl:</strong></h4>
<p><strong>Strategic Growth &amp; Business Development</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Define and implement a <strong>growth strategy</strong> with Mirakl marketplace operators, including target setting, value propositions, and action plans to maximize both <strong>advertiser adoption and ad spend</strong>.</li>
<li>Develop and execute <strong>business development initiatives</strong> using both <strong>1:1 and 1:many acquisition strategies</strong>.</li>
<li>Identify key advertising <strong>opportunities</strong> and build tailored offers that align with advertisers' business objectives.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Advertiser Acquisition &amp; Activation</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Drive new advertiser <strong>onboarding</strong>, leading commercial negotiations and persuading advertisers to quickly start investing on the platform.</li>
<li>Educate and train advertisers on <strong>Mirakl Ads solutions</strong>, helping them set up and optimize their first campaigns.</li>
<li>Provide <strong>strategic recommendations</strong> to improve advertisers' performance using available data insights and ad product features.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Performance Tracking &amp; Optimization</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><strong>Monitor and analyze</strong> the evolution of advertising revenues and key advertiser performance metrics.</li>
<li>Continuously animate the <strong>advertising ecosystem</strong> with strategic offers, campaign insights, and recommendations to drive <strong>sustained engagement and investment growth</strong>.</li>
<li>Act as the <strong>voice of the advertisers</strong>, identifying <strong>new business needs</strong> and relaying them to product teams for potential feature enhancements or new ad products.</li>
</ul>
<h4><strong>What Mirakl is looking for in a candidate:</strong></h4>
<ul>
<li><strong>Previous experience in Business Development, Sales, or Account Management</strong>&nbsp;</li>
<li>Bachelor or Master’s degree in<strong> </strong>Business or Marketing or equivalent.</li>
<li>Interest in <strong>retail media</strong> and a <strong>first understanding</strong> of its core principles, including common activation levers and measurement fundamentals.</li>
<li>Strong <strong>analytical and problem-solving skills</strong>, with the ability to <strong>interpret data</strong> and make actionable recommendations.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Excellent <strong>communication, presentation, and negotiation skills</strong>.</li>
<li>Ability to thrive in a <strong>fast-paced, results-driven environment</strong>.</li>
<li>Fluency in<strong>&nbsp;English</strong> is required, french or another language is a plus.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>We keep it transparent and timely. Here’s what to expect:</p>
<ol>
<li><strong>Application review :&nbsp;</strong>Our Talent Acquisition team reviews your application and assesses alignment with role requirements. We strive to respond promptly and keep you informed at each step.</li>
<li><strong>Introductory call :&nbsp;</strong>A conversation to learn about your background and motivations, and to answer your questions about Mirakl, the team, and the role.</li>
<li><strong>Interviews :&nbsp;</strong>Business interview (45–60 minutes): Meet the hiring manager to discuss your experience, problem‑solving approach, and impact &amp; Values loop (3 to 4 conversations): Meet with team members from different functions to explore your alignment with our core values and ways of working.</li>
<li><strong>Final decision &amp; offer :&nbsp;</strong>We consolidate feedback quickly and aim to share decisions without delay. If successful, we’ll walk you through the offer details, benefits, and next steps.</li>
</ol>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Benefits at Mirakl :</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><strong>Health Insurance:</strong> Flexible coverage tailored to individual or family needs, with Mirakl contributing to your plan.</li>
<li><strong>Public Transport Pass:</strong> 50% reimbursement on your monthly public transport subscription.</li>
<li><strong>Meal Allowance:</strong> Mirakl provide a monthly meal allowance.</li>
<li><strong>Pension &amp; Life Insurance:</strong> Mirakl contributes monthly to your pension and covers 100% of life insurance premiums.&nbsp;</li>
<li><strong>ClassPass forfait:</strong> Enjoy access to 40,000+ gyms and wellness studios worldwide with a no-commitment ClassPass membership.</li>
<li><strong>Paid Time Off:</strong> 25 prorated paid vacation days per calendar year.</li>
<li><strong>Hybrid Setup:</strong> 4 days in-office &amp; 1 day remote.</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><p><em>We welcome collaborators with their diverse perspectives and experiences to power us forward. These often far exceed conventional job requirements and help us create a culture of continuous learning. If you’re ready to join a global leader powering digital transformation for 450+ of the world’s most innovative retailers and B2B organizations.</em></p>
<p><em>We may use Artificial Intelligence (AI) solutions to help streamline our hiring process, including screening applications, analyzing resumes, and assessing responses. While AI helps us work efficiently, all final hiring decisions are made by humans. For more information, visit our </em><a href="https://info.mirakl.com/ai-guidelines-for-candidates-and-interviews"><em>AI Guidelines for Candidates and Interviews</em></a><em>.</em></p></div>