<div class="content-intro"><p><strong><em>🚀 We’re on a mission to make money work for everyone.</em></strong></p>
<p>We’re waving goodbye to the complicated and confusing ways of traditional banking.</p>
<p>After starting as a prepaid card, our product offering has grown a lot in the last 10 years in the UK. As well as&nbsp;<a href="https://monzo.com/current-account/personal">personal</a> and <a href="https://monzo.com/business-banking">business</a> bank accounts, we offer <a href="https://monzo.com/current-account/joint-account">joint accounts</a>, <a href="https://monzo.com/current-account/16-17">accounts for 16-17 year olds</a>, a <a href="https://monzo.com/current-account/under-16s">free kids account</a> and <a href="https://monzo.com/flex">credit cards</a> in the UK, with more exciting things to come beyond. Our UK customers can also <a href="https://monzo.com/savings">save</a>, <a href="https://monzo.com/investments">invest </a>and&nbsp;<a href="https://monzo.com/pensions">combine their pensions</a> with us.&nbsp;</p>
<p>With our hot coral cards and get-paid-early feature, combined with financial education on social media and our award winning customer service, we have a long history of creating magical moments for our customers!</p>
<p>We’re not about selling products - we want to solve problems and change lives through Monzo ❤️</p>
<hr>
<p>&nbsp;</p></div><p>📍 Remote in the UK | 💰 £29,450 - £37,250 + <strong><em>Incentive Awards tied to your performance</em></strong><em>&nbsp;</em>+ <a href="https://monzo.com/careers/">Benefits</a> | <a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U62l09nB0M4">Hear from the team</a>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Start Date: 22nd June 2026&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p><strong>Hours/Shifts:&nbsp;</strong>You’ll work Monday to Friday 9am-5:30pm and work around 1 in every 8 weekends where you will have days off in lieu. Within Screening we offer shift flexibility allowing you to change your base shift giving you flexibility over your start times with the ability to request variation of your weekly shift pattern.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Training schedule:</strong> You have to be available to work Monday - Friday, 9:00 - 17:30 for your first 6 weeks remotely which must be fully attended. <em>We cannot accommodate any holidays during this 6 week training period.&nbsp;</em></p>
<p><strong>⭐ &nbsp;Our Financial Crime Screening Team:</strong></p>
<p>The Financial Crime Screening team supports various aspects of the customer journey such as onboarding, ongoing monitoring, and event based review. We conduct due diligence on our customers making fair and proportionate risk based decisions on their behalf.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>What you’ll be working on</strong><strong><br></strong>You will report to a Financial Crime Team Manager as part of a team of 12 working on complex EDD processes alongside supporting escalations cross domain.</p>
<h4><strong>🔑 You’ll play a key role by...</strong></h4>
<ul>
<li>Reviewing high priority or complex tasks, such as enhanced due diligence (EDD), conducting open source investigations where required.</li>
<li>Answering escalations from Investigators and other colleagues from across the business, and, if required, escalating these further to Ops Analysts.</li>
<li>Coaching colleagues on our FinCrime Screening tasks including supporting our global partners.</li>
<li>As a subject matter expert in the domain that you work you will proactively use your own experience to improve the knowledge, skills, behaviours or performance of others.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Driving team morale by being positive and enthusiastic. Helping to motivate others and make the working atmosphere enjoyable and supportive.&nbsp;&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<h4><strong>💡 We’d love to hear from you if…</strong></h4>
<ul>
<li>You have solid experience in fighting financial crime, specifically around customer due diligence and enhanced due diligence.</li>
<li>You have a basic understanding of PEP’s, Adverse Media and Sanctions screening.&nbsp;</li>
<li>You are confident in using open source information to inform your reviews and investigations.</li>
<li>You are a strong team player and able to work effectively with colleagues with a range of backgrounds and experience levels, providing actionable specific feedback to investigators and their managers.</li>
<li>You are developing a solid understanding of UK legislation, regulations and industry guidance around economic crime and keep up to date with emerging risk and trends in financial crime.</li>
<li>You have great time management skills, you are flexible, and you can work with limited supervision</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>You’ll really stand out if:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>You are able to articulate the financial crime threats facing fintechs and the banking sector.</li>
<li>You have previous experience approving or signing-off customer due diligence reviews prepared by colleagues.</li>
<li>You hold or are working towards an appropriate qualification in financial crime or a relevant subject e.g. ICA, ACAMS</li>
<li>You have experience working in a regulated bank in financial crime screening and customer due diligence (CDD), specifically in payments or sanctions screening, high-risk customer enhanced due diligence (EDD), or politically exposed persons (PEPs).&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p>Not ticking every box? That’s totally okay! Studies show that women and people of colour might hesitate to apply unless they meet every single requirement. At Monzo, we’re dedicated to creating a diverse and welcoming team. If you’re passionate about this role and keen to learn and grow with us, we encourage you to apply— even if you don’t have everything that's listed just yet. Drop us your application, we’d love to hear from you!</p>
<h4><strong>🙌 What’s in it for you</strong></h4>
<p>💰 £29,450 - £37,250 ➕ <strong><em>Incentive Awards tied to your performance</em></strong></p>
<p>🎂 We guarantee to approve time off on your birthday if it falls on a day you’re scheduled to work and it’s outside of your training period.<br><br>📍This role is remote based in the UK</p>
<p>📚£1,000 learning budget each year to use on books, training courses and conferences.</p>
<p>🏡 We will set you up to work from home; all employees are given Macbooks and for fully remote workers we will provide extra support for your work-from-home setup.&nbsp;</p>
<p>➕ Plus lots more!<a href="https://monzo.com/careers/"> Read our full list of benefits</a>.</p>
<p>&nbsp;<strong>🌈 The application journey has 3 key steps</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Application questions - Please take your time to fill these out, we read them all.</li>
<li>Recruiter Call (30 minutes, video call)</li>
<li>Technical and Values (60 minutes, video call)</li>
</ul>
<p>Please note we will only close this role once we have enough applications for the next stages. Please submit your application asap to avoid any disappointment.</p>
<p>#LI-Remote</p><div class="content-conclusion"><hr>
<p><strong>Equal opportunities for everyone</strong></p>
<p>Diversity and inclusion are a priority for us and we’re making sure we have lots of support for all of our people to grow at Monzo. At Monzo, we’re embracing diversity by fostering an inclusive environment for all people to do the best work of their lives with us. This is integral to our mission of making money work for everyone. You can read more in our <a href="https://monzo.com/blog/diversity-and-inclusion">blog</a>, 2024 <a href="https://monzo.com/blog/our-2024-diversity-and-inclusion-report" target="\_blank">Diversity and Inclusion Report</a> and 2024 <a href="https://monzo.com/blog/an-update-on-our-gender-pay-gap-2024">Gender Pay Gap Report.</a></p>
<p>We’re an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be considered for employment without attention to age, ethnicity, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, family or parental status, national origin, or veteran, neurodiversity or disability status.</p>
<p>If you have a preferred name, please use it to apply. We don't need full or birth names at application stage 😊</p></div>