<h2>About the opportunity</h2>
<p>Join the People Technology Team at N26, whose mission is to continuously improve and maintain applications owned within the People function. These applications include the Workday HCM modules, Greenhouse and more. This opportunity offers you the chance to be a part of process improvements that positively impact the entire N26 workforce. You will be providing support to maintain Workday, gaining experience in how to design and implement improvements, gathering requirements, maintaining existing people team tools and becoming the go to person for recruitment tools.</p>
<h2><strong>In this role, you will:</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>
<p>Overseas and maintains optimal function of the organisations internal HR &amp; Financial information services systems, which may include database management, network support, installation, customisation, development, maintenance and upgrades to application, systems and modules</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Instals, implements, modifies and upgrades software and applications to meet changing business and technology&nbsp;</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Provides technical support troubleshooting, and guidance to HR &amp; FIN employees</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Collaborates with executive leadership and HR/ FIN staff to identify needed improvements and enhancements to existing services and databases, recommends and implements solutions</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Ensures permissions, access, personalisation and similar system operations and settings for HR/FIN services users are maintained and meeting internal policies and legislative requirements</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Programs custom functions and documentation such as automated queries, filters, macros and reports</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Compiles or assists with acquisition of complex data reports, summaries and logs requested by senior executives and HR/ FIN staff</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Serves as lead representative and liaison between HR/ FIN, information services, external vendors and other stakeholders for HR/ FIN database design and implementation projects</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Ensures system compliance with data security and privacy requirements</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Maintains knowledge of trends and developments in data management and security, HR / FIN technology, and HRIS/ ERP application</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Oversees the procurement of appropriate hardware and software to ensure that the organisation has high quality efficient systems</p>
</li>
</ul>
<h2>What you need to be successful:</h2>
<p>Background:&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>
<p>Bachelors' degree&nbsp;</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>8+ years experience in Workday&nbsp;</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>8+ years business experience working within Workday teams, financial or people department with solid understanding of processes and data management&nbsp;</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Understanding of Workday system administration items for new configuration, ongoing maintenance or troubleshooting</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Experience working with people and finance modules in Workday</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Experience working with integrations, Workday studio&nbsp;</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Experience in process design and improvement&nbsp;</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Experience in data management, administration and system configuration&nbsp;</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Familiarity with Agile ways of working and working in Jira</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Experience with operational best practices and implementing technology solutions to support compliance requirements&nbsp;</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Love to learn and continuous improvement&nbsp;</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Growth mindset&nbsp;</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Great team player that loves to share and collaborate</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p>Traits:</p>
<ul>
<li>
<p>Actively help yourself (and others) be successful.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Continuously learn and challenge the status quo.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Think globally, act locally.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Strong bias for action.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Give and receive open, direct and timely feedback.&nbsp;</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<h2><strong>What’s in it for you:</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Accelerate your career growth by joining one of Europe’s most talked about disruptors 🚀.</li>
<li>Employee benefits that range from a competitive personal development budget, work from home budget, discounts to fitness &amp; wellness memberships, language apps and public transportation.&nbsp;</li>
<li>As an N26 employee you will have access to a Premium subscription on your personal N26 bank account. As well as subscriptions for friends and family members.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;</li>
<li>Additional day of annual leave for each year of service.&nbsp;&nbsp;</li>
<li>A high degree of autonomy and access to cutting edge technologies - all while working with a friendly team of peers of diverse nationalities, life experiences and family statuses.&nbsp;</li>
<li>A relocation package with visa support for those who need it.</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Who we are</strong></h2>
<p>N26 has reimagined banking for today’s digital world. Technology and design empower<a href="https://n26.com/en-eu/blog"> everything we do</a> and it’s how we are building the global banking platform the world loves to use.</p>
<p>We've eliminated physical branches, paperwork, and hidden fees for an elegant digital experience and supreme savings. Giving people the power to live and bank their way is what gets us out of bed in the morning and inspires the work that we do.&nbsp;</p>
<p>We are headquartered in Berlin with offices in multiple cities across Europe, including Vienna and Barcelona, and a 1,500-strong team of more than 80 nationalities.</p>
<p><strong>Sounds good? Apply now for this position.</strong></p>
<p><strong>Equal Opportunities:</strong></p>
<p>We recognize that our strength lies in our people and the varied perspectives they bring to our workforce. We strive to build talented and diverse teams to drive our business success and empower our people to reach their full potential.</p>
<p>We genuinely welcome and encourage applications from people of all backgrounds, cultures, genders, sexual orientations, abilities, neurodiversities, and ages. We're committed to creating an inclusive workspace where everyone feels valued and respected, free from harassment and discrimination. If there's anything you need to make the application process work for you, please let us know by reaching out to <a href="mailto:candidate.exp@n26.com">candidate.exp@n26.com</a>.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Visit our <a href="https://n26.com/en-eu/diversity-and-inclusion">website</a> to learn more about Diversity, Equity, &amp; Inclusion at N26.</p>
<p><br><br></p>