<p><strong>Why this role matters:</strong></p>
<p>Healthcare is being transformed by technology, and privacy is at its core. At Doctolib, we're building the future of digital health and we need exceptional privacy professionals to help us do it right.</p>
<p>As Privacy Legal Counsel, you'll be at the forefront of groundbreaking challenges: shaping how AI innovations meet the highest privacy standards and building scalable data protection frameworks across multiple jurisdictions.</p>
<p>You'll work on cutting-edge AI-driven health solutions, tackle complex regulatory questions at the intersection of data protection and healthcare regulation, and have real influence on products that improve healthcare for millions of people every day.</p>
<h2><strong>What you’ll do</strong></h2>
<p>You'll join our dynamic Privacy team currently composed of two privacy lawyers, and led by our Global Data Protection Officer &amp; Director. Together, we're building compliant, pragmatic, and sustainable data protection frameworks that enable innovation while safeguarding user privacy.</p>
<p>Our culture is pragmatic, collaborative, and entrepreneurial.</p>
<p><strong>Your responsibilities include but are not limited to:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Partnering with Engineering teams to design innovative health solutions that comply with data protection regulation and sector-specific healthcare regulations;</li>
<li>Contributing to our global and local certification efforts (ISO 27001, ISO 27701, HDS, and emerging EHDS compliance frameworks);</li>
<li>Driving strategic privacy initiatives, shaping and implementing our global data protection strategy;</li>
<li>Developing and maintain privacy policies, processes, and documentation that scale across countries;</li>
<li>Participating to the development of awareness and training actions on data protection to ensure successful end-to-end delivery of our privacy ambitions;</li>
<li>Supporting and collaborate seamlessly with the Legal team on data privacy topics;</li>
<li>Supporting investigation and resolution of privacy incidents;</li>
<li>Monitoring regulatory developments (GDPR, AI Act, EHDS, ePrivacy, national health data laws) and translate them into actionable guidance for our teams.</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Who you are</strong></h2>
<p>Before you read on — if you don't have the exact profile described below, but you feel this job description matches your skill set, we still encourage you to apply.</p>
<p>You could be our next team mate if you have:&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>Proven experience working with health data and healthcare regulation;</li>
<li>5+ years of hands-on privacy experience in tech, healthcare, regulatory bodies, or top-tier law firms;</li>
<li>Deep expertise in EU data protection law (GDPR, ePrivacy) and AI regulation;</li>
<li>Good understanding of healthcare regulation landscape and health data specificities (knowledge of EHDS, HDS, or similar health data fra meworks);</li>
<li>Advised and support senior stakeholders on complex, high-stakes legal matters;</li>
<li>Fluency in French and English (both written and spoken).</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>What we offer:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Free health insurance for you and your children</li>
<li>Parent Care Program: receive one additional month of leave on top of the legal parental leave</li>
<li>Free mental health and coaching services through our partner Moka.care</li>
<li>For caregivers and workers with disabilities, a package including an adaptation of the remote policy, extra days off for medical reasons, and psychological support</li>
<li>Work from abroad for up to 10 days per year thanks to our flexibility days policy</li>
<li>Work Council subsidy to refund part of sport club membership or creative class</li>
<li>Up to 14 days of RTT</li>
<li>A subsidy from the work council to refund part of the membership to a sport club or a creative class&nbsp;</li>
<li>Lunch voucher with Swile card</li>
<li>Reimbursement of public transportation or company car (only for Field Sales)</li>
<li>Relocation support for international mobilities</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>The interview process&nbsp;</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Recruiter interview</li>
<li>Hiring Manager Interview</li>
<li>Case Study Restitution</li>
<li>At least one reference check&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Job details</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Full Time</li>
<li>Hybrid : 2 days of remote per week</li>
<li>Workplace : Levallois HQ</li>
<li>Start date : ASAP</li>
<li>Compensation : fix + bonus on objectives (according to your profile)</li>
</ul>
<p><em>At Doctolib, we are committed to improving access to healthcare for everyone. This translates into our recruitment process. We evaluate candidates based solely on qualifications and motivation, without any form of discrimination.</em></p>
<p><em>The more diverse ideas are heard, the more our product will truly improve healthcare for all. You are welcome to apply to Doctolib, regardless of your gender, religion, age, sexual orientation, ethnicity, disability.</em></p>
<p><em>To ensure equal opportunities, we invite you to exclude personal information (e.g. pictures, age) from your applications. If you require any accommodation, please let us know for support during the hiring process.&nbsp;</em></p>
<p><em>Join us in building the healthcare we all dream of!</em></p>
<p><em>All information provided is processed by Doctolib for application management. For data processing details, click here: </em><a href="https://doctolib.legal/B2C-Privacy-Policy-Career-DE"><em>Germany</em></a><em> l </em><a href="https://doctolib.legal/B2C-Privacy-Policy-Career-FR"><em>France</em></a><em> l </em><a href="https://doctolib.legal/B2C-Privacy-Policy-Career-IT"><em>Italy</em></a><em> l </em><a href="https://doctolib.legal/B2C-Privacy-Policy-Career-COM"><em>Netherlands</em></a><em>. Please contact hr.dataprivacy(at)doctolib.com to exercise your rights.</em></p>