<h2><strong>Who we are </strong></h2>
<h3><strong>About Stripe</strong></h3>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies - from the world’s largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups - use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyone's reach while doing the most important work of your career.</span></p>
<h3><strong>About the team</strong></h3>
<p>The Solutions Architecture Team partners with our users to realize their full potential through the adoption of prescriptive solutions that drive their growth and success. We influence revenue growth across Stripe’s product portfolio, and collaborate with sales, support, product management, and Stripe’s executive team to provide the best experience to our most valued customers.&nbsp;</p>
<h2><strong>What you’ll do</strong></h2>
<p>As a member of the team, the Solutions Architect will build highly consultative trusted relationships with c-level executives and technical decision makers in the customer’s organization to provide business and technical thought leadership, and become a trusted advisor in solving mission-critical business challenges. She/he will architect business models with them so they can drive new monetization opportunities and growth for both the user and Stripe.&nbsp;</p>
<h3><strong>Responsibilities</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li><strong>Lead Technical Strategy &amp; Sales:</strong>
<ul>
<li>Guide users&nbsp; through a discovery process to understand their business needs and design a strong, technically feasible solution.</li>
<li>Secure the technical win by giving compelling presentations, demonstrations, and executive briefings that show how the product solves the customer's specific problems.</li>
<li>Identify and close new complex opportunities, and accelerate solution adoption. Understand and align with the customer’s product and business roadmap and uncover opportunities for Stripe to accelerate their progress on that roadmap.&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li><strong>Drive Account Growth &amp; Expansion:</strong>
<ul>
<li>Find and articulate opportunities to grow the product's use within existing accounts, extending its footprint into new global markets or business units.</li>
<li>Close complex deals and accelerate the adoption of new features and products.</li>
<li>Participate in sales forecasting, Quarterly Business Reviews and account/territory planning to strategically and tactically align for success</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li><strong>Serve as a Trusted Advisor:</strong>
<ul>
<li>Partner closely with Account Executives as the key technical counterpart to the Sales Executive, providing strategic and architectural guidance to both new and existing users</li>
<li>Be a thought leader and trusted advisor to senior executives (like the CIO, CTO, and Head of Product/Payments).</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li><strong>Team Collaboration:</strong>
<ul>
<li>Be an integral member of the account team, deeply involved in defining the strategy for key customers.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Collaborate closely with Account Executives, Professional Services, Customer Success Managers, Partners, Technical Account Managers and Product Teams to develop and execute on the account strategy for Stripe’s platform prospects.</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Who you are</strong></h2>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">You have achieved an experienced position as an enterprise architect, senior solution architect or solution engineer and have a successful track record advising enterprise-grade digital native / SAAS / Platform / Marketplace companies, focused on identifying business priorities, formulating technology strategies and designing an end-to-end business solution. You possess deep technical acumen, high interpersonal and leadership skills, and have demonstrated the ability to become a trusted advisor to senior executives and facilitate customer success along the entire customer journey.&nbsp; Strategic and creative thinker who can proactively identify challenges, take ownership, and maintain a positive approach when facing difficult obstacles.</span></p>
<h3><strong>Minimum requirements</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>7+ years of experience in a similar customer-facing engineering role such as sales engineer, pre-sale solution consultant or solutions architect for a global software enterprise.</li>
<li>Strong verbal and written communication skills in English&nbsp;</li>
<li>Executive engagement skills and presence, with an ability to establish strong relationships with key decision makers and build credibility at all levels.</li>
<li>Effective group-facilitation skills and confidence in proposing and leading customer meetings to gain strategic footing and pursue opportunities.</li>
<li>Thorough understanding of the software development lifecycle and API architectures.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Outstanding spoken and written communication skills, presentation skills, and confident in explaining complex concepts to both technical and non-technical audiences.</li>
<li>Ability to operate independently in a highly ambiguous and fast-paced environment</li>
<li>Passion to take on ownership and drive change in a constantly evolving environment.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Ability to travel per business needs</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>Preferred qualifications</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">&nbsp;Experience in Fintech/payments</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">A background in writing code in any of Stripe’s primary deployment languages (Ruby, Python, JavaScript, Java, Go, etc.) is a plus.</span></li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<h3 id="position-details">Position Details</h3>
<ul>
<li>Job Type: Full Time</li>
<li>Location: 383 Kent Street,&nbsp;Sydney, NSW, 2000,&nbsp;Australia</li>
<li>Open Date:10 October 2025</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>