<div class="content-intro"><p><strong><em>🚀 We’re on a mission to make money work for everyone.</em></strong></p>
<p>We’re waving goodbye to the complicated and confusing ways of traditional banking.</p>
<p>After starting as a prepaid card, our product offering has grown a lot in the last 10 years in the UK. As well as&nbsp;<a href="https://monzo.com/current-account/personal">personal</a> and <a href="https://monzo.com/business-banking">business</a> bank accounts, we offer <a href="https://monzo.com/current-account/joint-account">joint accounts</a>, <a href="https://monzo.com/current-account/16-17">accounts for 16-17 year olds</a>, a <a href="https://monzo.com/current-account/under-16s">free kids account</a> and <a href="https://monzo.com/flex">credit cards</a> in the UK, with more exciting things to come beyond. Our UK customers can also <a href="https://monzo.com/savings">save</a>, <a href="https://monzo.com/investments">invest </a>and&nbsp;<a href="https://monzo.com/pensions">combine their pensions</a> with us.&nbsp;</p>
<p>With our hot coral cards and get-paid-early feature, combined with financial education on social media and our award winning customer service, we have a long history of creating magical moments for our customers!</p>
<p>We’re not about selling products - we want to solve problems and change lives through Monzo ❤️</p>
<hr>
<p>&nbsp;</p></div><p>📍London | 💰 £74,000 - £85,000 + incentive awards tied to your performance + <a href="https://monzo.com/careers/">Benefits</a>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>⭐ Our Tax team</strong><strong><br></strong></p>
<p>As an <strong>International Tax &amp; Transfer Pricing Manager</strong> within the Group Tax squad, you will support the Senior Manager in leading international expansions and owning critical aspects of direct tax compliance and reporting. This role is designed for a qualified accountant or tax advisor who is energetic and enjoys a hands-on, relatively autonomous environment.</p>
<p><strong>🔑 You’ll play a key role by providing…</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><strong>Pillar 2 Support:</strong> Provide technical and operational support for the assessment and implementation of the OECD Pillar Two (Global Minimum Tax) framework across the group.</li>
<li><strong>European Expansion:</strong> Own the tax responsibility for corporate tax and transfer pricing compliance specifically related to Monzo’s expansion into Europe.</li>
<li><strong>Transfer Pricing Documentation:</strong> Assist with the preparation and maintenance of Local Files and Master Files to ensure global documentation standards are met.</li>
<li><strong>International Compliance:</strong> Manage and execute aspects of direct tax compliance and reporting while helping to design and implement Global Transfer Pricing policies.</li>
<li><strong>Advisory &amp; Interaction:</strong> Act as a point of contact for internal teams, assisting various business units with local tax advice on various international fronts.</li>
<li><strong>General Tax Work:</strong> Manage a portfolio of corporate tax and transfer pricing work-streams as required to support group-led tasks and evolving business needs.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>🤩 We’d love to hear from you if you have..</strong><strong><br></strong></p>
<ul>
<li><strong>A Professional Qualification:</strong> Qualified accountant and/or tax advisor.</li>
<li><strong>Experience:</strong> Proven experience in international tax and transfer pricing, ideally with exposure to working in-house.</li>
<li><strong><strong>Attributes: </strong></strong>Energetic, hands-on capability, and comfortable working relatively autonomously.</li>
</ul>
<p>Not ticking every box? That’s totally okay! Studies show that women and people of colour might hesitate to apply unless they meet every single requirement. At Monzo, we’re dedicated to creating a diverse and welcoming team. If you’re passionate about this role and keen to learn and grow with us, we encourage you to apply— even if you don’t have everything that's listed just yet. Drop us your application, we’d love to hear from you!</p>
<p><strong>🙌 What’s in it for you</strong></p>
<p>💰 £74,000 - £85,000 + incentive awards tied to your performance</p>
<p>📍This role is based in our London office, with a hybrid working environment. We're open to distributed working within the UK, with the expectation of at least once a week in our London office.</p>
<p>⏰ We offer flexible working hours and trust you to work enough hours to do your job well, and at times that suit you and your team.&nbsp;</p>
<p>📚 £1,000 learning budget each year to use on books, training courses and conferences.</p>
<p>➕ Plus lots more!&nbsp;<a href="https://monzo.com/careers/">Read our full list of benefits</a>.</p>
<p><strong>🌈</strong><strong> The application journey has 4 key steps:<br><br></strong><strong>- Phone call with recruiter (30mins)<br></strong><strong>- Video call with hiring manager (30 mins)<br></strong><strong>- Video interview: technical assessment &amp; case study (60 min)<br></strong><strong>- Behavioural interview (45 mins)</strong></p>
<p>Our average process takes around 3-4 weeks but we will always work around your availability.&nbsp;</p>
<p>We’ll only close this role once we have enough applications for the next stage. Please submit your application as soon as possible to make sure you don’t miss out.</p>
<p>#LI-NZ1</p><div class="content-conclusion"><hr>
<p><strong>Equal opportunities for everyone</strong></p>
<p>Diversity and inclusion are a priority for us and we’re making sure we have lots of support for all of our people to grow at Monzo. At Monzo, we’re embracing diversity by fostering an inclusive environment for all people to do the best work of their lives with us. This is integral to our mission of making money work for everyone. You can read more in our <a href="https://monzo.com/blog/diversity-and-inclusion">blog</a>, 2024 <a href="https://monzo.com/blog/our-2024-diversity-and-inclusion-report" target="\_blank">Diversity and Inclusion Report</a> and 2024 <a href="https://monzo.com/blog/an-update-on-our-gender-pay-gap-2024">Gender Pay Gap Report.</a></p>
<p>We’re an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be considered for employment without attention to age, ethnicity, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, family or parental status, national origin, or veteran, neurodiversity or disability status.</p>
<p>If you have a preferred name, please use it to apply. We don't need full or birth names at application stage 😊</p></div>