<p><strong>About The Team:</strong><br>This is an exiting role in an established high performing team, which is responsible for managing the site's waste streams. This is a great opportunity to work to innovate the team using the latest automated and efficient waste machinery.<br><br><strong>What You Will Be Doing:</strong><br>● Oversee day-to-day waste activities and supervise a team of operatives as they carry out their tasks within the waste and yard areas<br>● Support the overall operation by effectively responding to requests for support<br>● Monitor daily and weekly KPIs to ensure an efficient and safe working environment encouraging right-first-time methodology<br>● Dealing with day-to-day queries from colleagues liaising with HR, Training and other departments to escalate and close out any requests and issues<br>● Ensuring that food safety and health &amp; safety standards are met and sustainably maintained. You are required to cooperate with HelloFresh in all health and safety matters.<br>● Work cross-functionally to maintain a clean and safe working environment in the Waste Area and yard. This will include working with suppliers, and service providers, adhering to our&nbsp; contractor management processes<br><br><strong>Who You Are:</strong><br>● Proven experience in a manufacturing or distribution centre environment<br>● Proficiency in using computer software and systems<br>● Strong prioritisation skills and ability to multitask<br>● Proven knowledge of warehouse and yard environment<br>● Strong interpersonal and communication skills, with the ability to effectively lead and motivate a diverse team<br>● Problem-solving skills and the ability to make decisions in a fast-paced production environment<br>● Lead by example and ensure that HelloFresh DNA is at the forefront of everything we do</p>
<p><span style="text-decoration: underline;"><strong>What you will get in return:</strong></span></p>
<p>● 70% off HelloFresh or Green Chef boxes<br>● Company pension scheme<br>● Gym membership<br>● Bupa private medical insurance (including dental &amp; family cover options)<br>● Mental health first aiders and an employee assistance programme<br>● Dog friendly office! (London site only)<br>● Nursery support scheme<br>● Cycle to work scheme<br>● Group Life Assurance</p>
<p><strong>Location</strong>: SmartParc, Spondon, Derby, DE21 7HW</p>
<p><strong>Shifts:</strong> Wednesday-Saturday 7am-7pm</p>
<p><strong>To be considered for this role, you’ll need to have the independent right to work in the UK, as we're unfortunately unable to provide sponsorship at this time.</strong></p>
<p><strong data-stringify-type="bold">Hybrid Working Policy</strong><br>We offer a hybrid working policy for eligible roles, allowing flexibility to work from home and in the office. For more details on eligibility and how this applies to the role you're applying for, please consult with your recruiter.</p>
<p><strong>Next steps</strong>: Your application will be reviewed and if successful, a member of the Talent Acquisition Team will be in touch within 2 weeks.</p>
<p>You are required to cooperate with HelloFresh in all health and safety matters. You are responsible for ensuring you take reasonable care of your own health, and safety as well as others who may be affected by the work activities you undertake. You must report incidents immediately and actively raise health and safety-related concerns to your Line Manager.&nbsp;As part of our commitment to maintaining a safe and secure environment, we will process Disclosure and Barring Service (<span class="il">DBS</span>) checks to the successful individual. Failure to disclose relevant information at application or throughout the process could affect your employment with the company.&nbsp;</p>
<p>If you are currently a HelloFresh employee, please make sure you have discussed your application with your Line Manager.</p>