<div class="content-intro"><p>Chainguard is the trusted source for open source. By delivering hardened, secure, and production-ready builds of all the open source software engineers and AI agents rely on, Chainguard helps organizations build faster, stay compliant, and eliminate risk.&nbsp;<br><br>Our customers include Fortune 500 enterprises and global industry leaders, including Anduril, Canva, Fortinet, Hewlett Packard Enterprise, OpenAI, Snap Inc., and Snowflake. <br><br>Chainguard is venture-backed by leading investors, including Amplify, IVP, Kleiner Perkins, Lightspeed Venture Partners, Mantis VC, Redpoint Ventures, Sequoia Capital, and Spark Capital.</p></div><p><strong>The role, in a nutshell:</strong></p>
<div id="message-list\_1776891227.028439">
<div>
<div>
<div>
<div>
<div>
<div>
<div>
<div>
<div>
<div>
<div>
<div>Chainguard is hiring a <strong>Deal Desk Analyst - EMEA</strong> to join our growing Sales Operations team as our founding international Deal Desk hire. As a key member of a small but mighty Deal Desk function, you’ll partner closely with our global Sales team to support the end-to-end deal lifecycle. From pricing strategy to quote creation and contract execution, you’ll ensure deals move efficiently, align with internal policies, and scale with our growth. This is a unique opportunity to shape and build our international Deal Desk presence from the ground up, creating high-impact, scalable processes in a fast-paced, high-growth environment.</div>
<div>&nbsp;</div>
<div><strong>What You Will Do:</strong></div>
<div><br><strong>Own the Deal Lifecycle:</strong><br>Serve as the go-to partner for global Account Executives, delivering end-to-end quote-to-signature support<br>Create quotes, manage pricing approvals, generate order forms, and ensure clean opportunity closure<br>Keep deals moving with urgency—especially at month- and quarter-end—by proactively resolving blockers<br>Provide pricing insight and strategic guidance on complex or non-standard deal structures</div>
<div>&nbsp;</div>
<div><strong>Run the Engine Behind the Deals:</strong><br>Support and evolve CPQ and CLM systems (including Ironclad) to scale with business needs<br>Maintain high standards of data integrity across Salesforce and related systems<br>Ensure accurate order management and reporting across internal tools<br>Identify and implement opportunities for automation to streamline workflows<br>Enable greater Sales self-service through scalable systems and process design<br>Leverage AI where possible to reduce manual work, improve speed, and enhance deal quality</div>
<div>&nbsp;</div>
<div><strong>Build, Improve, and Scale:</strong><br>Help shape and define Deal Desk operations as we expand internationally<br>Document and refine processes to drive consistency, clarity, and efficiency<br>Partner closely with Sales, Finance, Legal, and Product to align on deal execution and compliance<br>Remove friction across the deal cycle by improving coordination and visibility<br>Act as a trusted advisor and central point of contact for deal-related matters<br>Continuously look for ways to scale impact through smarter systems, automation, and AI-first thinking</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div id="message-list\_1776891273.702059">
<div>
<div>
<div>
<div>
<div>
<div>
<div>&nbsp;</div>
<div>
<div><strong>About You:</strong></div>
<ul>
<li>2-3 years of Deal Desk experience within an Enterprise SaaS B2B environment</li>
<li>Administrative experience with a CPQ and CLM tools a plus</li>
<li>Strong business acumen, analytical and problem-solving skills, and demonstrated ability to partner with upstream GTM teams and other cross-functional departments</li>
<li>Understanding of Marketplace offerings through AWS,&nbsp; GCP, and Azure (nice to have)</li>
<li>Highly organized, internal customer-focused and strong attention to detail</li>
<li>Ability to multitask and prioritize at times of high volume, and have schedule flexibility during End of Month and End of Quarter</li>
<li>Have an understanding of quote to cash process and sales contracts; proficient in identifying risks associated in deal terms and structures</li>
<li>Ability to travel for QBRs (1x per quarter)</li>
</ul>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div id="message-list\_1776891289.046679">
<div>
<div>
<div>
<div>
<div>
<div>
<div>
<div>&nbsp;</div>
<div>£63,087.00 - £74,221.00 base salary.</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div><div class="content-conclusion"><h3>About Us</h3>
<p>We live and breathe our company values:</p>
<ul>
<li>We are customer obsessed — We focus on delivering solutions to our customers that create value and make their lives better.</li>
<li>We have a bias for intentional action — We prioritize, plan, try things, and fail fast.</li>
<li>We don't take ourselves too seriously (but we do serious work) — We are solving an important problem which takes focus, but we also like to enjoy the journey.</li>
<li>We trust each other and assume good intentions — We're transparent with decisions to empower team members to make well informed decisions.</li>
</ul>
<p>A few of the benefits we offer:</p>
<ul>
<li><strong>Flexible &amp; Remote-First Culture:</strong> Work remotely with team meetup opportunities, bi-annual destination summits, and a monthly stipend for coworking spaces, phone and internet costs.</li>
<li><strong>Our Approach to Equity:</strong> Receive stock options upon hire and promotion. Plus, you can participate in secondary offerings and have 10 years to exercise your options (yes, you read that correctly: 10 years!).</li>
<li><strong>100% Covered Health Insurance:</strong> We cover 100% of your health, vision and dental insurance premiums for you and your dependents. Nothing comes out of your paycheck.</li>
<li><strong>∞ Flexible Time Off:</strong> Take the time you need – to do our best work, we need to recharge and reset.</li>
<li><strong>18 Weeks Paid Parental Leave:</strong> We offer 18 weeks for birthing parents and 12 weeks for non-birthing parents, with the option to use it all at once or throughout your child's first year.</li>
</ul>
<p>If your experience is close but doesn't fulfill all requirements, please apply. We're building the best team in technology and are focused on hiring "Chainguardians" with unique backgrounds, perspectives, and experiences.</p>
<p>Chainguard is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, reproductive health decisions, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, genetic information, political views or activity, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law.</p>
<p>By submitting your application, you acknowledge that Chainguard will process your personal data in accordance with <span style="text-decoration: underline;"><a href="https://www.chainguard.dev/legal/candidate-privacy-notice">Chainguard's Global Candidate Privacy Notice</a></span>.</p>
<p>©2026 Chainguard. All Rights Reserved.</p></div>