<h1>About the opportunity</h1>
<p>We are seeking a passionate Product manager with a desire to develop innovative products and an innate interest in financial technology to join our Customer Identity group.</p>
<p>As a (Senior) Product Manager in the Customer Identity space, you will be responsible for supporting customer identity verification topics aiming to enable a secure, reliable, and frictionless experience for N26 users globally during customer onboarding and rest of the lifecycle.</p>
<p>You will be working in a cross-functional team of product managers, product designers, engineers, and data scientists who develop and maintain the products. You will also be partnering with various areas in the bank to offer advice and support on a large portfolio of new and existing product and market launches.&nbsp;</p>
<h2>In this role you will:</h2>
<ul>
<li>
<p>Support strategic discussions and product designs in the customer identity product area.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Create and support the execution of the product roadmaps, with an outcome/ KPI-driven mindset.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Ensure product rollouts are delivered successfully by working cross-functionally with local market teams, marketing, operations, compliance, and the engineering team.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Work with stakeholders to support customer onboarding (with focus on customer identity verification), new product launches and expansion plans.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Partner with stakeholders across N26 to define your team goals and drive it to achieve success.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Run discoveries in different areas in the company in order to identify pain points and opportunities, brainstorm solutions and impact customers’ onboarding experience.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Work with the business teams, other product managers, designers, and engineers across the organization to improve the onboarding experience for customer identity verification (KYC) across multiple markets and verification options.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Collaborate with external partners to ensure frictionless customer experience through seamless integration with partner products and effective customisation for N26 customer needs.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Collaborate with external partners and areas in the company aiming to be up-to-date with the latest market trends.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<h2>What you need to be successful:</h2>
<ul>
<li>
<p>At least 5 years of experience in Product Management.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Relevant experience in managing high-volume B2C onboarding funnel, conversion is a must-have and experience in KYC, or Identity verification would be preferred.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Experience working in a FinTech, banking environment, InsureTech, payment processor, or similar regulated environment is a must-have.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Experience working with vendor solutions - including driving feature requests and customisations (nice to have).</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Very hands-on with strong quantitative and analytical skills is a must-have (familiarity with SQL is a plus).</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Exceptional verbal and written communication skills.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Strong understanding of agile product development and delivery.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Tech awareness is a must-have. Curiosity, and familiarity with new technologies and databases (nice to have).</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Digitally native and have a high drive for meeting customer needs.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>A high level of integrity and work ethic with an intrinsic desire to deliver high-quality end products.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<h2>What’s in it for you:</h2>
<ul>
<li>
<p>Accelerate your career growth by joining one of Europe’s most talked about disruptors 🚀.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Employee benefits that range from a competitive personal development budget, work from home budget, discounts to fitness &amp; wellness memberships, language apps and public transportation.&nbsp;</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Come together with your team in the office for a dedicated day of teamwork each week, plus another day of your choice, and enjoy the flexibility of remote work the rest of the time. <em>Some roles may require additional in-office presence</em>.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>As an N26 employee you will have access to a Premium subscription on your personal N26 bank account. As well as subscriptions for friends and family members.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Additional day of annual leave for each year of service.&nbsp;&nbsp;</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>A high degree of autonomy and access to cutting edge technologies - all while working with a friendly team of peers of diverse nationalities, life experiences and family statuses.&nbsp;</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>A relocation package with visa support for those who need it.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<h2>Who we are</h2>
<p>N26 has reimagined banking for today’s digital world. Technology and design empower<a href="https://n26.com/en-eu/blog" target="\_blank"> <u>everything we do</u></a> and it’s how we are building the global banking platform the world loves to use.</p>
<p>We've eliminated physical branches, paperwork, and hidden fees for an elegant digital experience and supreme savings. Giving people the power to live and bank their way is what gets us out of bed in the morning and inspires the work that we do.&nbsp;</p>
<p>We are headquartered in Berlin with offices in multiple cities across Europe, including Vienna and Barcelona, and a 1,500-strong team of more than 80 nationalities.</p>
<p>Sounds good? Apply now for this position.</p>
<p>Equal Opportunities:</p>
<p>We recognize that our strength lies in our people and the varied perspectives they bring to our workforce. We strive to build talented and diverse teams to drive our business success and empower our people to reach their full potential.</p>
<p>We genuinely welcome and encourage applications from people of all backgrounds, cultures, genders, sexual orientations, abilities, neurodiversities, and ages. We're committed to creating an inclusive workspace where everyone feels valued and respected, free from harassment and discrimination. If there's anything you need to make the application process work for you, please let us know by reaching out to <a href="mailto:candidate.exp@n26.com" target="\_blank"><u>candidate.exp@n26.com</u></a>.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Visit our <a href="https://n26.com/en-eu/diversity-and-inclusion" target="\_blank"><u>website</u></a> to learn more about Diversity, Equity, &amp; Inclusion at N26.</p>