<p><strong>About AlphaSights&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>AlphaSights provides global investment and business professionals with on-demand access to the knowledge they need across all industries and geographies. AlphaSights connects decision-makers from investment management, private equity, management consulting, and corporations with a dynamic network of industry experts who provide qualitative and quantitative market insights, industry expertise, and execution support so our clients can make more informed decisions. Leveraging cutting-edge technology and our global team of 1000+ professionals in nine global offices, we support our clients 24/7 around the world. AlphaSights regularly ranks as one of the fastest-growing companies in the world.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Learn more about life at AlphaSights </strong><a href="https://youtu.be/3pLQqcrfoM0?si=RN\_235eH\_x1gmj\_U"><strong>here</strong></a><strong>.</strong></p>
<p><strong>Diversity, Equity &amp; Inclusion</strong></p>
<p>At AlphaSights, we believe that investing in DEI is the right thing to do and is vital to driving progress. We go the extra mile to build teams of people with diverse backgrounds and experiences, because diversity of thought drives innovation and knowledge diffusion which creates value for our clients, employees, and society.</p>
<p>We are a people-centric company, where every person is evaluated based on their merit. Our action plan is clear: recruit top talent based on our core values, invest massively in people’s development, and follow a structured DEI strategy so that everyone is always treated equitably and with respect.</p>
<p><strong>Client Protection </strong>is a dynamic and autonomous function designed to help our clients use our services and access knowledge safely. Our team reports directly into the General Counsel of AlphaSights and partners closely with our world-class Legal team. We have a wide remit and visibility, operating cross-functionally on a variety of levels within the business and with our clients.</p>
<p>This is an exciting opportunity for meticulous team players with a background in operations, law, or risk management looking to transition into a high-growth commercial environment.</p>
<p>Learn more about our Client Protection team <a href="https://www.alphasights.com/careers/legal-compliance/">here</a>.</p>
<p><strong>Client Protection Associate Responsibilities</strong></p>
<p>What do you want your career to look like? Are you looking for an introduction to the worlds of risk management, law and business and exposure to a wide variety of clients and industries? A role offering autonomy, high responsibility and personal impact from day 1? A clear path towards a manager role where you can lead your own team, partner with senior stakeholders globally, make decisions with global impact and manage client relationships?&nbsp;</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>If this resonates with you, read on.</p>
<p>AlphaSights is composed of ambitious professionals committed to accelerating progress for our clients and helping them make more informed decisions. As a Client Protection Associate, you will be joining a high-performing global team that works closely with our core service delivery teams to ensure our clients are always served to the highest compliance standards while enabling AlphaSights’ fast-growing commercial success. You will monitor client requests, develop and implement new policies and compliance products, anticipate possible business roadblocks, train our employees, and provide guidance and advice to our delivery teams on a daily basis. You’ll need to think quickly and critically, have meticulous attention to detail, and strong verbal and written communication.</p>
<p>You’ll be working on several short term and long term requests at once, you’ll quickly develop effective communication, prioritization and project and client management skills.&nbsp;</p>
<p>On a day-to-day basis, you will:</p>
<ul>
<li>Monitor active projects to flag and mitigate potential risks</li>
<li>Provide guidance to delivery teams on the projects they are working on</li>
<li>Work with the rest of your regional and global team on long-term projects to anticipate, develop and set cutting edge industry standards in this rapidly growing sector.&nbsp;&nbsp;</li>
<li>Collaborate with key internal stakeholders globally&nbsp; to drive progress, behavioral and procedural enhancements</li>
<li>Design and implement global operational policies and processes that protect our clients</li>
<li>Create and deliver tailored in-person and e-learning trainings to our delivery teams</li>
</ul>
<p>This is a fast-paced, cross-functional role with a clear focus on problem solving, attention to detail, creative thinking, innovation and results. Client Protection Associates who succeed at AlphaSights often embark on successful careers in compliance, risk or operational leadership.</p>
<p><strong>What We Look For</strong></p>
<p>AlphaSights welcomes candidates with different backgrounds and experiences. Here are some qualities that many of our successful applicants possess:</p>
<ul>
<li>The drive and resilience to deliver excellent service amidst tight timelines and changing circumstances</li>
<li>Career maturity and alignment – clarity of direction, commitment to getting there and awareness of how Client Protection at AlphaSights fits with your journey</li>
<li>People-oriented, emotionally intelligent team player – ability to de-escalate situations patiently and calmly, yet quickly and effectively</li>
<li>Strong communication skills – ability to communicate complex topics clearly and effectively both in writing and in person</li>
<li>Critical thinkers - comfortable assessing complex situations and making nuanced decisions based on policies and processes.&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Requirements</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Bachelor's degree, with strong academic credentials in any field and noteworthy extracurricular leadership</li>
<li>0-2 years of work experience; preferred in related fields such as law, risk management, consulting, operations or compliance. Recent graduates with high potential are also welcome</li>
<li>Fluency in written and spoken English is a must. Fluency in a relevant foreign language (Chinese/Korean/Japanese) is a plus</li>
<li>Work visa will be sponsored by the company if required</li>
</ul>
<p>Technical skills:</p>
<ul>
<li>Proficiency in Excel, PowerPoint and Word</li>
<li>Proficiency in SQL is a strong plus</li>
<li>Experience with multiple reporting mediums (e.g., Tableau, Periscope, etc.) is a plus</li>
</ul>
<p><em>AlphaSights is an equal opportunity employer.</em></p>