<div class="content-intro"><h2><strong>About Remote</strong></h2>
<div><span style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">Remote is solving modern organizations’ biggest challenge – navigating global employment compliantly with ease. We make it possible for businesses of all sizes to recruit, pay, and manage international teams. With our core values at heart and future focused work culture, our team works tirelessly on ambitious problems, asynchronously, around the world. You can find Remoters working from 6 different continents (Antarctica left to go!) and all of our positions are fully remote.<br><br><span class="discussion-id-2f7cb4da-dab4-8068-a80f-001c50b2d808 suggestion-update notion-enable-hover" data-token-index="0">With Innovation as one of the core values, we have built Automation and AI capabilities into the requirements for every role.</span><br><br>We encourage every member of the Remote team to bring their talents, experiences and culture to the table to help us build the best-in-class HR platform.</span></div>
<div>&nbsp;</div>
<div><span style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">If you are energetic, curious, motivated and ambitious, be part of our world. Apply now and define the future of work!</span></div></div><h2><strong>What this job can offer you</strong></h2>
<p>As the <strong>Senior Manager of Marketing Operations</strong>, you are the strategic engine behind our go-to-market execution. This isn't just about managing a tech stack; it’s about architecting the systems that allow our global marketing team to scale. You will own the end-to-end management of our marketing technology ecosystem, the integrity of our lead-to-revenue lifecycle, and the sophisticated measurement of marketing’s business impact.</p>
<p>You’ll work very closely with Marketing leadership to deliver a state of the art Marketing stack that can deliver on Remote’s next era of growth. You’ll also work closely with our Sales technology team and sales leadership to create a holistic customer lifecycle approach where marketing is integral to every stage.</p>
<h2><strong>What you bring</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li><strong>AI &amp; Innovation Strategy:</strong> A "Future Mindset" where you are already exploring how AI and automation can optimize lead scoring, personalization, and operational workflows.</li>
<li><strong>Strategic Execution:</strong> 7+ years in Marketing Ops/RevOps with a proven track record of leading complex, high-impact projects in a B2B SaaS environment.</li>
<li><strong>Leadership &amp; Mentorship:</strong> Experience managing a team and developing talent. You know how to coach specialists to think like business owners along with managing vendor relationships (onboarding through ROI tracking).</li>
<li><strong>Systems Architecture:</strong> You don’t just use HubSpot or Salesforce; you understand how to architect them to talk to one another seamlessly. You think in terms of data flow and scalability.</li>
<li><strong>Advanced Analytics:</strong> You don’t just provide data; you provide "so-what" insights. You can translate complex attribution models into clear recommendations for leadership.</li>
<li><strong>Problem Solving:</strong> A structured thinker who can translate ambiguous marketing requirements into clean, scalable workflows.</li>
<li><strong>Change Management:</strong> Experience leading cross-functional initiatives. You can align Sales and Marketing teams on shared definitions of a "qualified lead" and unified funnel metrics..</li>
<li><strong>Communication:</strong> Excellent written and verbal English skills, with an ability to explain complex technical concepts to non-technical stakeholders.</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Key Responsibilities&nbsp;</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li><strong>MarTech Governance &amp; Strategy:</strong> Own the selection, integration, and long-term health of our MarTech stack. You ensure every tool in the ecosystem provides a clear ROI and is utilized to its maximum potential.</li>
<li><strong>Lead-to-Revenue Architecture:</strong> Design and govern the global lead lifecycle. You are responsible for the logic behind lead scoring, automated routing, and ensuring no revenue opportunity falls through the cracks.</li>
<li><strong>Roadmap Ownership:</strong> Lead the planning and prioritization cycles for Marketing Ops. You balance the "now" (urgent stakeholder needs) with the "next" (long-term infrastructure health and scalability).</li>
<li><strong>Advanced Measurement:</strong> In collaboration with Revenue Analytics, you define the standards for campaign taxonomy and funnel metrics. You own the "source of truth" for marketing’s contribution to the pipeline.</li>
<li><strong>Process Excellence:</strong> Drive the standard for operational rigor. This includes maintaining high-quality documentation, QA processes, and global enablement to ensure the team stays agile as we grow.</li>
<li><strong>People Leadership:</strong> Manage and coach a team of specialists, setting high quality standards and fostering a culture of continuous feedback and professional growth.</li>
</ul>
<h2>Practicals</h2>
<ul>
<li><strong>You'll report to:</strong> SVP, Finance, Strategy &amp; Revenue Operations</li>
<li><strong>Team:</strong> Revenue Operations</li>
<li><strong>Team size:</strong> 3-5</li>
<li><strong>Location</strong>: For this position we welcome everyone to apply, but we will prioritise applications from the following locations as we encourage our teams to diversify;</li>
<li><strong>Start date:</strong> As soon as possible</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Application process</strong></h2>
<p>Roughly 4 hours across 4 weeks</p>
<ol>
<li>Interview with Manager, Revenue Operations, Processes &amp; Policies</li>
<li>Technical &amp; stakeholder case study (MarTech + lead flow + measurement + prioritization scenario)</li>
<li>Presentation of Case Study to SVP, Strategic Finance &amp; RevOps + Senior Manager, Revenue Operations</li>
<li>Interview with VP, Growth Marketing</li>
<li>Bar Raiser interview</li>
<li>Prior employment verification check (Read more at <a href="http://remote.com/employment-checks">remote.com/employment-checks</a>)</li>
</ol>
<p>&nbsp;</p><div class="content-pay-transparency"><div class="pay-input"><div class="description"><p>Remote's <a href="https://www.notion.so/remotecom/people-Total-Rewards-1945bce8d3924ece9421ba8630f57b0c">Total Rewards philosophy</a> is to ensure fair, unbiased compensation and fair <span class="link-annotation-unknown-block-id-1691622878">equity</span><span class="discussion-level-1 discussion-id-f2a82bc4-09e4-4a71-ad93-755b1d26a690 notion-enable-hover" data-token-index="3"> pay </span>along with competitive benefits in all locations in which we operate. We do not agree to or encourage cheap-labor practices and therefore we ensure to pay above in-location rates. We hope to inspire other companies to support global talent-hiring and bring local wealth to developing countries.</p>
<p>At first glance our salary bands seem quite wide - here is some context. At Remote we have international operations and a globally distributed workforce.&nbsp; We use geo ranges to consider geographic pay differentials as part of our global compensation strategy to remain competitive in various markets while we hiring globally.<br><br>Our salary ranges are determined by role, level and location, and our job titles may span more than one career level. The actual base pay for the successful candidate in this role is dependent upon many factors such as location, transferable or job-related skills, work experience, relevant training, business needs, and market demands. The base salary range may be subject to change.<br><br><em data-stringify-type="italic">At Remote, we foster internal mobility as a key element of our culture of employee growth and development, supported by a compensation philosophy that guarantees pay equity and fairness. Therefore, all compensation changes associated with an internal move will be reviewed by the Total Rewards &amp; People Enablement team on a case by case basis.</em></p></div><div class="title">The annual salary range for this full-time position is</div><div class="pay-range"><span>$103,550</span><span class="divider">&mdash;</span><span>$194,200 USD</span></div></div></div><div class="content-conclusion"><h2><strong>Benefits</strong></h2>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section">
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">Our full benefits &amp; perks are explained in our handbook at&nbsp;<a class="c-link" href="http://remote.com/r/benefits" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="http://remote.com/r/benefits" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">remote.com/r/benefits</a>. As a global company, each country works differently, but some benefits/perks are for all Remoters:</span></div>
<ul class="p-rich\_text\_list p-rich\_text\_list\_\_bullet" data-stringify-type="unordered-list" data-indent="0" data-border="0">
<li style="font-size: 12pt;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">work from anywhere</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">flexible paid time off</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">flexible working hours (we are&nbsp;<a class="c-link" href="https://remote.com/async" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://www.notion.so/remotecom/Working-Async-at-Remote-80c01cd443ad4c77a8ceaef7c5fba5d0" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">async</a>)</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">16 weeks paid parental leave</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">mental health support services</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">stock options</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">learning budget</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">home office budget &amp; IT equipment</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">budget for local in-person social events or co-working spaces</span></li>
</ul>
</div>
<h2><strong>How you’ll plan your day (and life)</strong></h2>
<p><span style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">We work async at Remote which means you can plan your schedule around your life (and not around meetings). Read more at <a href="https://remote.com/async" target="\_blank">remote.com/async</a>.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">You will be empowered to take ownership and be proactive. When in doubt you will default to action instead of waiting. Your <strong>life-work balance</strong> is important and you will be encouraged to put yourself and your family first, and fit work around your needs.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">If that sounds like something you want, apply now!</span></p>
<h2><strong>How to apply</strong></h2>
<ol>
<li style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;"><span style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">Please fill out the form below and upload your CV with a PDF format.</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;"><span style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;"><strong data-stringify-type="bold">We kindly ask you to submit your application and CV in English, as this is the standardised language we use here at Remote.</strong></span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif; text-align: left;"><span style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">If you don’t have an up to date CV but you are still interested in talking to us, please feel free to add a copy of your LinkedIn profile instead.</span></li>
</ol>
<p><span style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">Not only do we encourage folks from all ethnic groups, genders, sexuality, age, abilities, disability status and any other under-represented group to apply, but we prioritize a sense of belonging. We have 4 ERGs (Women, Disability, Queer, Minorities in Tech) who meet regularly with the People team. During your interviews and beyond, we ask &amp; encourage anybody who needs an accommodation to request one from their recruiter.<br></span></p>
<p><span style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">We will ask you to voluntarily tell us your pronouns at interview stage, and you will have the option to answer our anonymous demographic questionnaire when you apply below. As an equal employment opportunity employer it’s important to us that our workforce reflects people of all backgrounds, identities, and experiences and this data will help us to stay accountable. We thank you for providing this data, if you chose to.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">At Remote, we embrace AI as a valuable tool while prioritizing human creativity and authenticity.&nbsp;We look forward to meeting candidates who balance innovation with genuine expertise and experience.&nbsp;To learn more about Remote's AI guidelines check see&nbsp;<a href="https://www.notion.so/remotecom/Guidelines-on-using-AI-when-applying-for-a-job-at-Remote-11ccb4dadab4805f80a7c73b6567bd8f" target="\_blank" data-saferedirecturl="https://www.google.com/url?q=https://www.notion.so/remotecom/Guidelines-on-using-AI-when-applying-for-a-job-at-Remote-11ccb4dadab4805f80a7c73b6567bd8f&amp;source=gmail&amp;ust=1733927526443000&amp;usg=AOvVaw2sIVooKuyGfRra1PtGXreV">here</a>.&nbsp;</span><br><br><span style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;"><em>Please note we accept applications on an ongoing basis.&nbsp;</em></span></p></div>