<p><strong>About Us</strong></p>
<p>We believe in the everyday hero. Those who have the courage to follow their passion and who have the strength and determination to realise their dreams.</p>
<p>Small business owners are at the heart of all we do, so we're creating powerful, easy-to-use financial solutions to help them run their businesses. With a founder’s mentality and a 'team-first’ attitude, our diverse teams across Europe, South America and the United States work together to ensure that small business owners can be successful doing what they love.</p>
<p><strong>Role Description</strong></p>
<p>As an in-house Field Sales Executive, you will have the opportunity to build strong relationships with local businesses and educate them on how SumUp's products can drive value for their operations. With our expansive product toolkit, you will be able to offer tailored solutions and act as a trusted advisor to your Merchants.</p>
<p>We are building an ambitious Field Sales team and are seeking individuals who are passionate about sales, driven to succeed, and have a proven track record of exceeding targets. Our goal is to help and empower more business owners, and we need your help to achieve it.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>What you’ll do</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Identifying and engaging high-potential clients within your designated territory, focusing on small and medium-sized businesses&nbsp;</li>
<li>Conducting compelling face-to-face meetings and delivering persuasive product demonstrations to showcase the benefits of SumUp's cutting-edge Card reader and POS solutions</li>
<li>Effectively communicating our products' value proposition and unique selling points, addressing client needs and objections with finesse</li>
<li>Proactively generating leads and building a robust sales pipeline through networking, referrals, and other targeted activities</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>You’ll be great for this role if</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>You have demonstrated success in a prior Field Sales role, ideally from the hospitality and retail industries or another point-of-sale solution</li>
<li>You have the ability to consistently exceed sales targets and deliver outstanding results</li>
<li>You have excellent communication and interpersonal skills, with the ability to build trust and foster long-term client relationships</li>
<li>You have in-depth knowledge of your market and a genuine passion for supporting local SMBs</li>
<li>You have experience with outbound lead generation, cold calling and building lead pipelines</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Why you should join SumUp</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>We are a true global tech company with over 3000+ people from 93 nationalities, spread across 22 offices in Europe, LatAm and the US.&nbsp;</li>
<li>You can truly create your own path here and help us shape the future for small businesses globally.</li>
<li>We get together regularly for breakfasts, team events, office parties, and sports.</li>
<li>You’ll receive a budget for your individual development, attending conferences and external training.&nbsp;</li>
<li>We offer a competitive compensation package and 28 days paid leave and you will have access to the SumUp Sabbatical, our Employee Referral and Employee assistance programme for mental health as well as Fitness and language learning offers.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>About SumUp:</strong></p>
<p>We believe in the everyday hero. Small business owners are at the heart of all we do, so we're creating tools that help them run their businesses. With a founder’s mentality and a 'team-first' attitude, our diverse teams across Europe, South America, and the United States work together to ensure that the small business owners we partner with can be successful doing what they love.</p>
<p>SumUp is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer that proudly pursues and hires a diverse workforce. SumUp does not make hiring or employment decisions on the basis of race, colour, religion or religious belief, ethnic or national origin, nationality, sex, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, disability, age or any other basis protected by applicable laws or prohibited by company policy. SumUp also strives for a healthy and safe workplace and strictly prohibits harassment of any kind.</p>
<p>SumUp will not accept unsolicited resumes from any source other than directly from a candidate.</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>Job Application Tip</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We recognise that candidates feel they need to meet 100% of the job criteria in order to apply for a job. Please note that this is only a guide. If you don’t tick every box, it’s ok too because it means you have room to learn and develop your career at SumUp.</span></p></div>