<div class="content-intro"><p><em>At Klaviyo, we value the unique backgrounds, experiences and perspectives each Klaviyo (we call ourselves Klaviyos) brings to our workplace each and every day. We believe everyone deserves a fair shot at success and appreciate the experiences each person brings beyond the traditional job requirements. If you’re a close but not exact match with the description, we hope you’ll still consider applying. Want to learn more about life at Klaviyo? Visit <a class="\_ymio1r31 \_ypr0glyw \_zcxs1o36 \_mizu194a \_1ah3dkaa \_ra3xnqa1 \_128mdkaa \_1cvmnqa1 \_4davt94y \_4bfu18uv \_1hms8stv \_ajmmnqa1 \_vchhusvi \_kqswh2mm \_ect4ttxp \_syaz13af \_1a3b18uv \_4fpr8stv \_5goinqa1 \_f8pj13af \_9oik18uv \_1bnxglyw \_jf4cnqa1 \_30l313af \_1nrm18uv \_c2waglyw \_1iohnqa1 \_9h8h12zz \_10531ra0 \_1ien1ra0 \_n0fx1ra0 \_1vhv17z1" href="http://klaviyo.com/careers" data-renderer-mark="true">klaviyo.com/careers</a>&nbsp;to see how we empower creators to own their own destiny.</em></p></div><p><strong>London, UK (Hybrid: 3 days p/week in-office)<br></strong><strong>8 month FTC (mat-cover)</strong></p>
<p><strong>About the role:</strong><strong><br></strong>This is an 8 month FTC maternity-cover. We are looking for an experienced hands-on Senior Language Manager to own and optimise the language and localisation strategy for Germany. Native/ fluent German language skills, essential.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Job Summary:<br></strong>Localisation efforts at Klaviyo are centred around linguistic and cultural excellence, teamwork and scale. We own the linguistic and cultural quality of every touchpoint a German customer has with Klaviyo: the product, the website, marketing campaigns, customer education, and partner and developer portals. Our work is about providing our customers with high quality localisation and an experience that feels locally relevant and fuels international growth for both our customers and Klaviyo.&nbsp;</p>
<p>You will step directly into a fully embedded, senior individual contributor position and own everything the current person owns, with full continuity responsibility. We need someone who can hit the ground running and carry the German market at the same quality bar from day one.</p>
<p><strong>Your Impact:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ol>
<li><strong>Own the German Language Infrastructure.</strong> Proactively manage the German style guide and glossary as living documents, ensuring our Language Service Provider delivers consistent, high-quality content across the entire customer journey.&nbsp;</li>
<li><strong>Own German Linguistic Quality</strong> across all customer touch points ensuring we deliver the best German customer experience.&nbsp;</li>
<li><strong>Champion the German customer experience. </strong>In practice this includes work such as ensuring search is optimised for German, Product is QA’ed, the website is optimised, the customer journey is mapped out to identify gaps and opportunities.&nbsp;</li>
</ol>
<p><strong>Duties:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Develop and maintain linguistic and cultural standards and guidelines, define quality expectations across the whole localised customer journey, including supporting the development of style guides, glossaries, tone and voice of the Klaviyo Product (customer, partner and developer) and Content (Marketing, Customer Education and others) in the market.</li>
<li>Review German translation and monitor the linguistic quality of the German language, provide feedback and context to the translation teams, in order to ensure the best resource fit for the highest quality impact.</li>
<li>Communicate proactively with cross-functional teams to anticipate, identify and fix linguistic and localisation issues related to Germany.</li>
<li>Proactively engage with relevant stakeholders (e.g. Product, Marketing, Customer Education) for additional context and insights on high priority content for localisation to define and influence the best creative, linguistic and localisation approach.</li>
<li>Facilitate collaboration between internal stakeholders and vendors, making sure the necessary resources have access to the relevant information, and advising on the best course of action regarding localisation processes.</li>
<li>Collaborate closely with the Localisation team and internal stakeholders to collect relevant cultural and linguistic information about Klaviyo Germany and support the localisation effort in bringing this content to the global audience.</li>
<li>Proactively contribute to the creation of efficient, effective localisation processes and optimisation of those over time.</li>
<li>Train, develop and manage a highly-effective team of German linguists through our localisation supplier that consistently delivers high quality output.</li>
<li>Be a champion internally for the German Klaviyo customer</li>
<li>Performs other related duties as assigned.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Who You Are:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>5+ years of experience in a comparable localisation role on the buyer/client side</li>
<li>Bachelors or Masters degree in Languages/ Translation/ Localisation/ International Studies</li>
<li>Fluency in English and native knowledge of German for Germany <strong>essential</strong></li>
<li>Proven experience in translation, localisation and language quality management.</li>
<li>Demonstrated experience in localisation of Product, Marketing and Support content for Germany, with scalable localisation infrastructures and language quality frameworks</li>
<li>Experience with Smartling or similar TMS platforms a plus</li>
<li>Deep understanding of localisation specificities and pitfalls</li>
<li>Experience in creative writing a bonus</li>
<li>Authorisation to work in the UK without restriction</li>
</ul>
<p>Soft Skills:&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>Strong business acumen with proven stakeholder management skills</li>
<li>Ability to show initiative and work independently, and drive initiatives at a strategic level</li>
<li>Ability to hold teams accountable to a high quality standard</li>
<li>Excellent presentation, communication, and interpersonal skills</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>#LI-Hybrid #LI-JW1</p><div class="content-pay-transparency"><div class="pay-input"><div class="description"><p>Our salary range reflects the cost of labour in the country where the job post is advertised. The base salary offered for this position is determined by several factors, including the applicant’s job-related skills, relevant experience, education or training, and work location.</p>
<p>In addition to base salary, our total compensation package may include participation in the company’s annual cash bonus plan, variable compensation (OTE) for sales and customer success roles, equity, sign-on payments, and a comprehensive range of health, welfare, and wellbeing benefits based on eligibility.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Your recruiter can provide more details about the specific salary/OTE&nbsp; range for your preferred location during the hiring process.</p></div><div class="title">Base Pay Range in Local Currency:</div><div class="pay-range"><span>£56,000</span><span class="divider">&mdash;</span><span>£84,000 GBP</span></div></div></div><div class="content-conclusion"><p><em>This role may require up to 10% travel for purposes such as new hire onboarding, client or partner work if applicable, team meetings, and industry events. Travel is coordinated in advance.</em></p>
<p><strong>Get to Know Klaviyo</strong></p>
<p>We’re Klaviyo (pronounced clay-vee-oh). We empower creators to own their destiny by making first-party data accessible and actionable like never before. We see limitless potential for the technology we’re developing to nurture personalized experiences in ecommerce and beyond. To reach our goals, we need our own crew of remarkable creators—ambitious and collaborative teammates who stay focused on our north star: delighting our customers. If you’re ready to do the best work of your career, where you’ll be welcomed as your whole self from day one and supported with generous benefits, we hope you’ll join us.</p>
<p><em>AI fluency at Klaviyo includes responsible use of AI (including privacy, security, bias awareness, and human-in-the-loop). We provide accommodations as needed.&nbsp;</em></p>
<p><em>By participating in Klaviyo’s interview process, you acknowledge that you have read, understood, and will adhere to our&nbsp;<a href="https://www.klaviyo.com/careers/ai-guidance" target="\_blank" data-saferedirecturl="https://www.google.com/url?q=https://www.klaviyo.com/careers/ai-guidance&amp;source=gmail&amp;ust=1761072778777000&amp;usg=AOvVaw0auUcRqeYRczM9UoXAKldj">Guidelines for using AI in the Klaviyo interview Process</a>. For more information about how we process your personal data, see our&nbsp;<a href="https://www.klaviyo.com/legal/job-applicant-privacy-notice" target="\_blank" data-saferedirecturl="https://www.google.com/url?q=https://www.klaviyo.com/legal/job-applicant-privacy-notice&amp;source=gmail&amp;ust=1761072778777000&amp;usg=AOvVaw1axMoReIM1qwTbmaPcLI\_b">Job Applicant Privacy Notice</a>.<br></em></p>
<p><em>Klaviyo is committed to a policy of equal opportunity and non-discrimination. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, ethnicity, citizenship, national origin, color, religion or religious creed, age, sex (including pregnancy), gender identity, sexual orientation, physical or mental disability, veteran or active military status, marital status, criminal record, genetics, retaliation, sexual harassment or any other characteristic protected by applicable law.</em></p>
<div id="1737752197.414839" class="c-virtual\_list\_\_item" data-qa="virtual-list-item" data-item-key="1737752197.414839">
<div class="c-message\_kit\_\_background p-message\_pane\_message\_\_message c-message\_kit\_\_message" data-qa="message\_container" data-qa-unprocessed="false" data-qa-placeholder="false">
<div class="c-message\_kit\_\_hover" data-qa-hover="true">
<div class="c-message\_kit\_\_actions c-message\_kit\_\_actions--default">
<div class="c-message\_kit\_\_gutter">
<div class="c-message\_kit\_\_gutter\_\_right" data-qa="message\_content">
<div class="c-message\_kit\_\_blocks c-message\_kit\_\_blocks--rich\_text">
<div class="c-message\_\_message\_blocks c-message\_\_message\_blocks--rich\_text" data-qa="message-text">
<div class="p-block\_kit\_renderer" data-qa="block-kit-renderer">
<div class="p-block\_kit\_renderer\_\_block\_wrapper p-block\_kit\_renderer\_\_block\_wrapper--first">
<div class="p-rich\_text\_block">
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section"><em data-stringify-type="italic">IMPORTANT NOTICE: Our company takes the security and privacy of job applicants very seriously. We will never ask for payment, bank details, or personal financial information as part of the application process. All our legitimate job postings can be found on our official career site. Please be cautious of job offers that come from non-company email addresses (@klaviyo.com), instant messaging platforms, or unsolicited calls.</em></div>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section">&nbsp;</div>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section"><strong data-stringify-type="bold">By clicking "Submit Application" you consent to Klaviyo processing your Personal Data in accordance with our Job Applicant Privacy Notice.&nbsp; If you do not wish for Klaviyo to process your Personal Data, please do not submit an application.<em data-stringify-type="italic">&nbsp; </em></strong><em data-stringify-type="italic">You can find our Job Applicant Privacy Notice&nbsp;</em><em data-stringify-type="italic"><a class="c-link" href="https://www.klaviyo.com/legal/job-applicant-privacy-notice" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://www.klaviyo.com/legal/job-applicant-privacy-notice" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">here</a></em><em data-stringify-type="italic">&nbsp;and <a href="https://www.klaviyo.com/fr/legal/job-applicant-privacy-notice">here</a> (FR).</em></div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div id="1737477146.268809" class="c-virtual\_list\_\_item" data-qa="virtual-list-item" data-item-key="1737477146.268809">
<div class="c-message\_kit\_\_background p-message\_pane\_message\_\_message c-message\_kit\_\_message" data-qa="message\_container" data-qa-unprocessed="false" data-qa-placeholder="false">
<div class="c-message\_kit\_\_hover" data-qa-hover="true">
<div class="c-message\_kit\_\_actions c-message\_kit\_\_actions--above">
<div class="c-message\_kit\_\_gutter">
<div class="c-message\_kit\_\_gutter\_\_left">&nbsp;</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div></div>