<p>
  <strong>Headquarters:</strong> Igualada
</p>

<strong>Description:</strong><br>To support our growth, we are hiring a Product Engineer for our range of Cloud Solutions to support the new products’ development and the current portfolio’s maintenance. This position implies constant contact with the corresponding Cloud Solutions’ Product Manager as well as with the development teams to ensure that products meet our customer requirements and our company vision and mission.<br>&nbsp;<br><strong>What we are looking for:</strong><br>Position implies high communication skills as it requires to be in contact with several departments, such as Development, Supply and Technical Services; high level of organization to be able to manage the different projects and procedures; detail-oriented profile to ensure specifications and tasks to be fulfilled.<strong>What you will be doing:</strong><br>As a member of the Product Management team and reporting to the Product Engineering Leader, you will perform the following tasks:<br><ul><li>Execution of the strategy for the product portfolio under your responsibility defined by the Product Manager and aligned with the company’s general strategy.</li><li>Management of new product development projects.</li><li>Maintain integral product’s management throughout its life cycle.</li><li>Provide training and support to technical services and commercial team.</li><li>Provide training to Distributors/Customers.</li><li>Pre-sales and post-sales customer assistance.</li><li>Management of product’s technical documentation.</li><li>Exhibition’s attendance when required.</li><li>Production of marketing material, webinars, presentations, courses, texts, etc., when required.</li></ul><br><strong>Essential requirements:</strong><br><ul><li>Engineering degree in Electronics, Telecommunication, or similar.</li><li>High level of English and Spanish languages (both written and spoken).</li><li>Knowledge in IoT platforms, services and/or protocols.</li></ul>&nbsp;<br><strong>Will also be valued:</strong><br><ul><li>Knowledge of building automation protocols (KNX, BACnet, Modbus…).</li><li>Knowledge of HVAC systems (Direct expansion, VRF, Air-to-Water…).</li><li>Experience as Building Automation system integrator.</li><li>Experience as HVAC integrator/installer.</li><li>Experience in product/project management.</li><li>Other languages.</li></ul><br><strong>We believe that work should be challenging, rewarding, and fun.</strong><br>&nbsp;<br><strong>A GOOD PLACE TO WORK</strong><br>Our employee satisfaction surveys indicate that people enjoy working here at HMS and especially appreciate the informal and relaxed atmosphere. Since we work with cutting-edge technology, it is crucial that we constantly develop our skills and knowledge.&nbsp;<br><br>As an HMS employee, you will be able to develop your technical skills in an international and relaxed environment.<br><br><strong>ATMOSPHERE AND VALUES</strong><br>We like to say that we put our “Heart,&nbsp;<strong>M</strong>ind and Soul” into what we do. That makes for a pretty good abbreviation too.<br><br>​<strong>WHAT WE OFFER YOU</strong><br><ul><li>Work in a growing and well-positioned company with a high employee satisfaction index</li><li>Indefinite contract.</li><li>Flexible working time.</li><li>Benefits in kind (share saving program, private health insurance, bonus for gym, restaurants, kinder garden, public transportation).</li><li>Extensive training program (internal and external).</li><li>Home office hybrid model.</li></ul>

<p><strong>To apply:</strong> <a href="https://weworkremotely.com/remote-jobs/hms-industrial-networks-slu-product-engineer-for-cloud-solutions">https://weworkremotely.com/remote-jobs/hms-industrial-networks-slu-product-engineer-for-cloud-solutions</a></p>