<p><strong>About us @Symphony</strong></p>
<p>We’ve spent the last 10 years building a communication and markets technology company, powered by interconnected platforms: messaging, voice, directory and analytics.&nbsp; Over 1000 institutions use our modular technology built for global finance. Security is in our DNA with uncompromising data protection, end-to-end encryption and resilient architecture, all created on a foundation of trust with our customers .&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>But that was only chapter one.</strong> We’re now building on our purpose-built network, expanding AI-powered, real-time collaboration, redefining flexibility with fully cloud-native software with our trader voice product, and rethinking the industry’s approach to identity verification, connection and intelligence. .</p>
<p><strong>The opportunity and our ambition are huge</strong>. But we need passionate, dedicated individuals to get there. At Symphony we work hard and fast. Our unique blend of technology and financial services makes it an environment you won't get elsewhere.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><span style="text-decoration: underline;"><strong>Role Description:</strong></span></p>
<p>The sales operations analyst is a part of the Business Operations Team. He/she is&nbsp;responsible for providing internal support to the Symphony Sales Department as well as&nbsp;all other departments in the development and implementation of solutions and&nbsp;processes as needed. The role also involves participation in worldwide projects and&nbsp;input in setting sales operations policies along with the team. The analyst will work&nbsp;closely, in a team environment, with members of the Sales and Marketing departments&nbsp;in their day-to-day operations and serves as a liaison to the IT department regarding&nbsp;specific technology matters. The ideal candidate will have some salesforce.com&nbsp;experience and previously worked at another Software as a Service (SaaS) company.<br><br></p>
<p><span style="text-decoration: underline;"><strong>Responsibilities:</strong></span></p>
<ul>
<li>Managing Salesforce. Overseeing Salesforce to ensure accurate data and streamline sales workflows.</li>
<li>Developing reports and dashboards. Provide the sales team with dashboards and sales reports to track performance metrics and support data-driven decisions</li>
<li>Improving sales processes. Identify opportunities for process improvement to streamline workflows, reduce inefficiencies, and drive productivity in the sales organization.</li>
<li>Analyzing customer data. Conducting data analysis on bookings data, identifying trends, and providing actionable insights to support strategic decision-making.</li>
<li>Implementing automation. Utilize automation tools like Salesforce flows and Zapier to streamline workflows and improve the efficiency of sales cycles.</li>
<li>Identify, triage, and troubleshoot operational issues and optimize infrastructure/systems/processes for scale</li>
<li>Performing mass imports, updates, and deletes using tools like Data Loader</li>
<li>Work closely with the finance team to ensure accurate numbers for bookings and churn every month and reporting across all systems</li>
<li>Training and onboarding. Assists in the onboarding of new sales representatives by providing training on CRM systems, sales processes, and sales tools</li>
<li>Develop and document processes and onboarding material, maintain as necessary</li>
<li>Collaborate cross-functionally with teams across the organization</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><span style="text-decoration: underline;"><strong>Required Qualifications:</strong></span></p>
<ul>
<li>Ability to utilize and understand the firm’s business operations technology system and initiatives, including the external website, department Intranet, social media platforms, CRM, e-marketing software, marketing databases and other marketing technology.</li>
<li>Salesforce proficiency. Strong experience with CRM systems like Salesforce to support efficient sales processes.</li>
<li>Proficiency in Excel and dashboards. Advanced Excel skills and experience in creating dashboards for KPI tracking and sales analytics.</li>
<li>Analytical skills. Excellent analytical skills with a strong ability to conduct data analysis and work with metrics to drive team performance.</li>
<li>Detail-oriented and data-driven. Highly detail-oriented with a data-driven approach to sales management and business operations.</li>
<li>Interpersonal skills. Ability to build strong relationships with stakeholders and sales team members to improve team performance and achieve sales targets.</li>
</ul>
<p><span style="text-decoration: underline;"><strong>Experience:</strong></span></p>
<ul>
<li>5+ years experience</li>
<li>Salesforce admin experience required preferably with certifications</li>
<li>Education. A bachelor’s degree in business administration, sales, business operations, or a related field</li>
</ul>
<p><br><span style="text-decoration: underline;"><strong>Additional Requirements:</strong></span></p>
<ul>
<li>The position requires a strong team-player with a positive attitude, the ability to maintain confidential information, juggle several tasks simultaneously</li>
<li>Ability to work in a dynamic fast paced environment and display flexibility as priorities change to reflect our fast growing business</li>
<li>Ability to think through multiple solutions to a problem set and look ahead for possible conflicts</li>
<li>Must be able to proactively interface and communicate well across all levels of management</li>
<li>The position requires dedication, flexibility and commitment</li>
<li>Superb judgment, decision-making and organizational skills</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><span style="text-decoration: underline;"><strong>Compensation:</strong></span></p>
<ul>
<li>Competitive salary</li>
<li>Bonus Plan</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><span style="text-decoration: underline;"><strong>Benefits and Perks:</strong></span></p>
<ul>
<li>Regional specific competitive benefits</li>
<li>Build your own Benefits (BYOB) perk</li>
<li>Local events, team building, and development opportunities&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. We will ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>