<div class="content-intro"><h2><span data-sheets-root="1">About Wolt</span></h2>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">At Wolt, we create technology that brings joy, simplicity and earnings to the neighborhoods of the world. In 2014 we started with delivery of restaurant food. Now we’re building the delivery of (almost) everything and you’ll find us in over 500 cities in 30 countries around the world. In 2022 we joined forces with DoorDash and together we keep on dreaming big and expanding across the globe.<br><br>Working at Wolt isn’t always easy, but it’s definitely exciting. Here you’ll learn more, build more, and ship more than in most other companies. You’ll be challenged a lot, but also have a lot of fun on the way. So, if you’re a self-starter with drive and entrepreneurial spirit, this could be the ride of your life.</span></p></div><p>Our Account Management teams create and build our relationships with merchants. Together, we’ve helped big brands, local stores and neighborhood restaurants do over €15 billion’s worth of business through our platform. We’re constantly launching new cities and products, so there are always new opportunities to expand your skills and progress your career.&nbsp;</p>
<p>As our new Enterprise Account Manager, you’ll be the strategic architect of growth for Poland’s most iconic enterprise brands. You are not just managing accounts; you are raising the bar on operational excellence and commercial quality Woltwide . This role requires a data-savvy mindset to uncover performance drivers and a creative approach to leveraging complex relationships that unlock unconventional value for both Wolt and our Partners.</p>
<h2>What you’ll be doing</h2>
<p>As an Enterprise Account Manager, you’ll be the primary point of contact for Poland’s largest enterprise accounts. You’ll work across multiple layers of each organisation – from central decision-makers to regional managers and local venues – with a focus on long-term growth and operational excellence.</p>
<p>You’ll plan and execute advanced promotional campaigns, lead commercial negotiations, and use data to optimize every aspect of partner performance. In addition to managing your portfolio, you’ll collaborate with internal teams to ensure smooth execution of partner plans and bring feedback from the field into internal roadmaps. You will think 'outside the box' to identify and execute unconventional opportunities that drive sustainable impact, even when they fall outside standard playbooks .</p>
<h3><strong>Day-to-day in this role you’ll:</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Own the most commercially significant portfolio of restaurant enterprise accounts&nbsp;</li>
<li>Design and execute multi-quarter growth roadmaps for your portfolio, moving beyond reactive fixes to achieve long-term strategic scaling</li>
<li>Lead commercial negotiations in collaboration with senior internal and external stakeholders</li>
<li>Orchestrate complex, multi-solution plans where the full suite of Wolt products (Wolt+, Ads, Drive, Storefront) works in synergy to achieve specific partner KPIs</li>
<li>Deep dive into complex data sets to uncover hidden patterns, root causes, and growth opportunities that inform every proposal and experiment</li>
<li>Collaborate cross-functionally with teams like Marketing, Operations, Analytics, and Product to ensure smooth execution of partner plans and bring feedback from the field into internal roadmaps</li>
<li>Work with colleagues across other countries and HQ teams to ensure a unified approach and execution for accounts that are present in multiple markets</li>
<li>Tailor your approach to different organisational layers, from headquarters to local venues</li>
</ul>
<h2>Our humble expectations</h2>
<p>We’re looking for someone who combines commercial sharpness and strong interpersonal skills – and who’s motivated by solving complex challenges.</p>
<ul>
<li>Experience - You likely have 4+ years in account management, sales, strategy, consulting, or commercial roles with enterprise exposure</li>
<li>Commercial Sharpness - Strong understanding of P&amp;L drivers and unit economics, with a proven ability to lead high-stakes negotiations that result in win-win growth</li>
<li>Analytical Rigor - A data-savvy mindset with the ability to translate complex data challenges into clear, actionable business insights for senior-level stakeholders</li>
<li>AI experience - You are not afraid of incorporating AI tools into your day-to-day work and more complex analysis to both optimise your workload and gain unique insights</li>
<li>Interpersonal and presentation skills - You excel at presenting with clarity and confidence, and you build trusted, long-lasting relationships with senior stakeholders</li>
<li>Ownership mindset &amp; Persistence - You take full responsibility for your portfolio, push projects forward without being asked, and proactively solve problems when roadblocks appear. You don’t give up easily and can follow through with multi-month solutions</li>
<li>Languages - You’re fluent in Polish and English, both written and spoken</li>
</ul>
<h2>Compensation &amp; Benefits for Poland</h2>
<p>The total target compensation (On-Target Earnings) for this role is 15 798 PLN - 19 747 PLN gross per month. The successful candidate's starting pay will fall within the pay range listed above and is determined based on a number of job-related factors including, but not limited to, skills, experience, qualifications, work location, and market conditions. This compensation is composed of a 80/20 split between base salary and variable pay (where the base salary represents 80% of the OTE range above). Eligible employees may earn variable compensation if they meet 100% of their performance targets. Actual earnings may be higher if targets are exceeded or lower if targets are not fully met.</p>
<p>This position is not eligible for consideration for an equity/RSU grant.</p>
<p>To learn more about our benefits, please do not hesitate to bring this up with our Talent Acquisition Partner!</p>
<p><iframe src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/GoL541\_xj9w" width="560" height="314"></iframe></p>
<p>#LI-WM1</p><div class="content-conclusion"><h2><span data-sheets-root="1">Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion</span></h2>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">We’re committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. That’s why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.</span></p></div>