<p data-pos="0">Would you like to get hands-on experience with the latest technologies and gain insight into industry-changing software development tools? Are you keen to diversify your skill set and expand your professional network? Join our team and become a&nbsp;<strong>JetBrains Campus Ambassador in China</strong>!</p>
<p data-pos="284">At JetBrains, code is our passion. Ever since we started back in 2000, we have strived to make the strongest, most effective developer tools on earth. By automating routine checks and corrections, our tools speed up production, freeing developers to grow, discover, and create.</p>
<p data-pos="563">We are looking for a passionate leader to help us&nbsp;<strong data-pos="615">raise awareness about JetBrains tools and Kotlin in China's universities and colleges.</strong></p>
<p data-pos="705">If you are pursuing an undergraduate or graduate university degree and are familiar with JetBrains software development tools, such as IntelliJ IDEA, PyCharm, CLion, and others, this might be an exciting opportunity for you. In this role, you’ll be able to share your experience of JetBrains products with your peers and help us spread the word that JetBrains provides tools to students for free.</p>
<p data-pos="1103"><strong data-pos="1105">As part of our team, you will:</strong></p>
<ul data-pos="1139">
<li data-pos="1139">As a student expert, you will host student meetups, workshops, and Q&amp;A sessions, delivering talks on cool technologies that showcase JetBrains tools.</li>
<li data-pos="1291">Coordinate JetBrains’ participation in student conferences, campus competitions, hackathons, and similar events.</li>
<li data-pos="1406">Set up a student club, mentor peers, and build a community of passionate students.</li>
<li data-pos="1491">Collaborate with fellow JetBrains Campus Ambassadors worldwide.</li>
</ul>
<p data-pos="1558"><strong data-pos="1560">We expect that you:</strong></p>
<ul data-pos="1583">
<li data-pos="1583">Are currently enrolled in Computer Science or a related technical field, with a background in software development.</li>
<li data-pos="1701">Are familiar with and have a passion for JetBrains tools and are eager to share that passion with others.</li>
<li data-pos="1809">Have excellent communication and public speaking skills.</li>
<li data-pos="1868">Experience planning events or leading a team would be a plus.</li>
</ul>
<p data-pos="1933"><strong data-pos="1935">With this position, you will gain:</strong></p>
<ul data-pos="1973">
<li data-pos="1973">Access to a network of product and technology experts from JetBrains who can mentor you and share their expertise.</li>
<li data-pos="2090">Practical experience in activity organization, coordination and communication with students</li>
<li data-pos="2184">Gain a first-mover advantage in your career path and expand your communication network in the global technology ecosystem</li>
<li data-pos="2308">Use all JetBrains tools and technologies for free to help you and your peers move forward</li>
</ul>
<p data-pos="2401">This is a part-time position based at the China Universities campus.</p>
<p class="p1"><span style="color: rgb(255, 255, 255);">#LI-DNI</span><span class="Apple-converted-space">&nbsp;</span></p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>We are an equal opportunity employer</strong><br><br>We know great ideas can come from anyone, anywhere. That’s why we do our best to create an open and inclusive workplace – one that welcomes everyone regardless of their background, identity, religion, age, accessibility needs, or orientation.</p>
<p><em data-stringify-type="italic">We process the data provided in your job application in accordance with the <a href="https://www.jetbrains.com/legal/docs/privacy/privacy-recruitment/">Recruitment Privacy Policy.</a></em></p></div>