<div class="content-intro"><p><strong data-stringify-type="bold">Why work at Nebius<br></strong>Nebius is leading a new era in cloud computing to serve the global AI economy. We create the tools and resources our customers need to solve real-world challenges and transform industries, without massive infrastructure costs or the need to build large in-house AI/ML teams. Our employees work at the cutting edge of AI cloud infrastructure alongside some of the most experienced and innovative leaders and engineers in the field.</p>
<p><strong>Where we work<br></strong>Headquartered in Amsterdam and listed on Nasdaq, Nebius has a global footprint with R&amp;D hubs across Europe, North America, and Israel. The team of over 1400 employees includes more than 400 highly skilled engineers with deep expertise across hardware and software engineering, as well as an in-house AI R&amp;D team.</p></div><h3><strong><span data-contrast="auto">The role</span></strong><span data-ccp-props="{}">&nbsp;</span></h3>
<div>We are seeking a Lead Recruiting Coordinator to join our high performing Talent Acquisition Team. This person will <strong>manage a team of Recruitment Coordinators</strong> and play a strategic role in helping build out new programs and processes to help drive our hyper-growth journey.</div>
<div>&nbsp;</div>
<div>This role will be based full time <strong>Remotely</strong> from <strong>Spain.&nbsp;</strong><br><strong>Responsibilities</strong></div>
<ul>
<li>Hiring, training and leading a team of dynamic, fast-paced Recruiting Coordinators in our EU region</li>
<li>Load balancing, coordinating, and monitoring workload across teams</li>
<li>Coordinate cross-organisational projects to drive process improvements</li>
<li>Identifying opportunities for improving candidate experience and scheduling efficiency</li>
<li>Partnering with Talent Acquisition leaders to support</li>
<li>Work closely with a team of Recruiters to schedule interviews</li>
<li>Work closely with Hiring Managers to ensure a close partnership between Recruiting and various departments</li>
<li>Own candidate experience; ensuring timely communication throughout the interview process</li>
</ul>
<div><strong>Requirements</strong></div>
<ul>
<li>You are very detail-oriented and work with a sense of urgency</li>
<li>You have at least 1 years' experience managing a team</li>
<li>You have had experience scheduling interviews and/or calendaring</li>
<li>You are comfortable in a fast-paced environment with multiple tasks and projects at hand</li>
<li>You are self-directed and able to work without supervision. Should be able to navigate through the org. chart and work with right people to find solutions</li>
<li>You can discuss specific instances where you needed to be resourceful, focused, a team player, and sole contributor</li>
<li>You have excellent communication skills</li>
<li>Greenhouse knowledge (preferable)</li>
<li>This role requires some flexibility to attend to urgent candidate matters outside of working hours</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>What we offer</strong>&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>Competitive salary and comprehensive benefits package.</li>
<li>Opportunities for professional growth within Nebius.</li>
<li>Flexible working arrangements.</li>
<li>A dynamic and collaborative work environment that values initiative and innovation.</li>
</ul>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">We’re growing and expanding our products every day. If you’re up to the challenge and are excited about AI and ML as much as we are, join us!</span></p></div>