<h2><strong>The role:&nbsp;</strong></h2>
<p>HelloFresh is seeking a global&nbsp;<strong>Equity Compensation Analyst</strong> to be responsible for the day-to-day administration of the company’s global equity incentive plans. This includes maintaining the integrity of equity data, ensuring compliance with international tax and securities laws, and providing a high-touch experience for employees navigating their equity awards.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Reporting to the Global Director, Compensation Strategy, this highly visible role will be essential to ensuring accuracy, confidentiality, and compliance across all equity processes. This individual will be instrumental in shaping our future global equity program and assist in developing and maintaining equity education and awareness for eligible employees.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>In this role, you will:</strong></p>
<h3><strong>1. Global Equity Administration</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Cycle Execution: Support the end-to-end delivery of quarterly grant cycles.</li>
<li>Platform Management: Act as the ‘power user’ for equity compensation platform&nbsp; ensuring data bridge integrity between Workday and Payroll.</li>
<li>Vesting &amp; Exercises: Execute monthly and quarterly vesting events, including ‘sell-to-cover’ transactions for tax withholding across multiple jurisdictions (DE, US, UK, etc.).</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>2. Analytics &amp; Data Modeling</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Budgeting: Research and track existing equity commitments to support annual budgeting within adaptive insights.</li>
<li>Dashboards: Build automated equity compensation dashboards to provide leadership with real-time insights into equity burn rates and dilution.</li>
<li>Pay Equity: Conduct internal "Pay Equity" reviews to ensure fair distribution of equity compensation across gender, ethnicity, and tenure.</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>3. Financial Reporting &amp; Audits</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Audits: Coordinate with internal and external auditors to ensure SOX compliance.</li>
<li>Taxation: Work with Payroll to ensure accurate tax withholding and reporting for equity events across multiple jurisdictions.</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>4. Strategic Support &amp; Compliance</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Vendor Management: Manage relationships with external equity platform vendors.</li>
<li>Partner with Finance and Legal team on quarterly equity reconciliations, accruals, data validation and reporting</li>
<li>Regulatory Compliance: Prepare data for the EU Pay Transparency Directive and ensure all equity programs adhere to local securities laws.</li>
<li>SOX Controls: Maintain rigorous documentation for internal and external audits to ensure financial reporting accuracy.</li>
<li>Identify opportunities for improvement in operational processes including automation and AI related efforts.</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>5. Employee Education</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Support: Act as the primary point of contact for employee inquiries regarding equity awards, vesting schedules and payout mechanics.</li>
<li>Employee Education: Create ‘user-friendly’ guides and training for the eligible employees to help employees understand the value of their equity grants and the overall equity program.</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>What we are looking for:</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li><strong>Experience:</strong> 3+ years of relevant equity compensation experience, in a fast-paced global technology or e-commerce company.</li>
<li><strong>Qualifications</strong>: Bachelor’s degree in Finance, HR, or a related field. Certifications such as Certified Equity Professional (CEP) are highly preferred.</li>
<li><strong>Analytical Skills:</strong> Exceptional analytical skills, demonstrated by experience handling large data sets and building advanced data modeling and regression (Google Sheets or Excel proficiency required).</li>
<li><strong>Detail-Oriented:</strong> High level of accuracy in managing large volumes of data calculations.</li>
<li><strong>Program Building:</strong> A proven track record of administration of equity compensation programs in a dynamic environment.</li>
<li><strong>Adaptability:</strong> Experience navigating complexity and ambiguity, with the ability to adapt to evolving business needs.</li>
<li><strong>Communication:</strong> Exceptional communication and stakeholder management skills.</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>What we offer:</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Elevate your lifestyle! Join one of Europe's fastest-growing tech powerhouses in a dynamic phase of expansion.</li>
<li>Immerse yourself in a diverse global community of 90+ nationalities.</li>
<li>Enjoy a competitive compensation package that goes beyond the norm, with perks like a HelloFresh- subsidized Pension Scheme, Berlin relocation support, and a Hybrid working model.</li>
<li>Elevate your lifestyle with exclusive discounts on your weekly HelloFresh box and office meals.</li>
<li>Invest in your growth with an annual learning &amp; development budget, German language learning budget, and access to the HelloFresh Academy.</li>
<li>Plus, we've got your well-being covered with mental health support, transportation perks, and working-parent-friendly benefits. From our 24/7 gym access,wellbeing platforms like Headspace and Spill, to sabbatical leave options, HelloFresh is not just a workplace; it's a lifestyle of perks and possibilities!</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Are you up for the challenge?</strong></h2>
<p>Please submit your complete application below including your salary expectations and earliest</p>
<p>starting date. After submitting an application our team will review this and get back to you shortly.</p>