<p style="text-align: center;"><strong><em>Don’t see any open roles that fit your interest?&nbsp; Apply to join our Talent Community.&nbsp;&nbsp;</em></strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Our General Application is an opportunity for you to share your resume, LinkedIn or skills with us to be considered for future full-time or temporary opportunities at Paradigm.&nbsp; This lets our Talent team know that you're interested in working with us but that you don't see the right opportunity posted.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="text-decoration: underline;"><strong>Paradigm Teams</strong></span></p>
<ul>
<li><span style="font-weight: 400;">Consulting&nbsp;</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sales&nbsp;</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Marketing</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Customer Success</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Product</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Operations &amp; Support</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Talent &amp; People</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"><br></span></li>
</ul>
<p><span style="text-decoration: underline;"><strong>Paradigm Perks</strong></span></p>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><strong>Fully Remote.</strong><span style="font-weight: 400;"> 100% remote in every US time zone. That includes if you are working from home, a co-working space, or spending two weeks in Costa Rica! We provide a company laptop and reimbursements for home office setups and monthly phone/internet costs.&nbsp;</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><strong>Time-Off Benefits. </strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">Employees start with 15 days of PTO their first year, and on your 1-year Paradigmaversary, PTO increases to 20 days annually.&nbsp; We also offer unlimited sick time, ~17 paid holidays per year, personal wellness days, 100% paid sabbatical, &amp; the week between Christmas and New Years off.&nbsp;</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><strong>Family &amp; Parental Leave. </strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">3 months of paid parental leave, a reduced schedule when you return to work, and work travel stipends to new parents covering childcare costs.&nbsp;</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><strong>Wellness.</strong><span style="font-weight: 400;"> 1 day per quarter, we close our laptops for a company-wide wellness day.&nbsp; We also offer monthly reimbursements for a mental health professional or for your gym membership. </span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><strong>Culture. </strong>8 ERGs and social Slack channels.&nbsp; We host virtual trivias, quarterly retreats, bi-weekly All-Teams meetings and a weekly newsletter.</li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><strong>Learning &amp; Growth. </strong>$1,000 annual budget towards your own professional development.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Additional Benefits:</strong><span style="font-weight: 400;"> Paradigm offers competitive salaries, bonuses, equity, and benefits, including healthcare, vision, dental, and a 401(k) with employer matching.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><strong>Does this sound like you? We'd love to hear from you!</strong></p>