<p>SumUp enables businesses to get paid easily, process orders quickly, sell online instantly and manage their money more efficiently. We create the tools businesses need to make their business and their customer experience thrive!&nbsp;</p>
<p>As a key member of the<a href="https://www.sumup.com/careers/global-bank-tribe/"> Global Bank tribe</a>, you’ll play a key part in helping us build SumUp's own digital bank. You’ll be part of a global, autonomous, cross-functional team that takes an aspect of our product and perfects it from concept to execution. Becoming a part of the Global Bank Tribe means working alongside ~200 people of 32 nationalities across Cologne, Berlin, São Paulo, Santiago, Sofia, and Vilnius who love to take ownership, work with purpose, and help businesses thrive.</p>
<p>As a <strong>Senior Backend Engineer for our tribe</strong>, you will be responsible for evolving and maintaining the Brazilian side of the Transfers and Cards ecosystem inside SumUp Global Bank tribe, working within a highly-available platform that operates with money transfers in various payment systems.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Please, note that this position is hybrid in Florianópolis, SC - Brazil.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>What you’ll do</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Evolve and maintain the Brazilian segment of the Transfers ecosystem within SumUp Global Bank tribe.</li>
<li>Supporting the transition from a localized setup with regional banks to a unified Global Bank</li>
<li>Design, implement, and iteratively develop highly available backend services, while continuously evaluating and implementing new methods to ensure the high reliability of transfer systems</li>
<li>Maintain and improve core services utilizing a modern, cloud-native technology stack (AWS), with microservices (Docker, K8s) written in Go/Kotlin and Elixir.</li>
<li>Design, implement, and iteratively develop highly available backend services.</li>
<li>Improve test coverage for existing services and own the end-to-end delivery of changes, including testing, observability, and monitoring.</li>
<li>Continuously improve our engineering culture by refining best practices, clarifying problems and opportunities, prototyping solutions, providing comprehensive documentation, and selecting new tools and technologies.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>You’ll be great for this role if</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>You are proficient in one or more modern backend languages, we use: Golang, Elixir, Kotlin, Java, Ruby, or one functional programming language.&nbsp;</li>
<li>You are experienced in developing and maintaining distributed microservices and RESTful APIs</li>
<li>You have prior experience with modern cloud technologies (AWS, Docker, Kubernetes).</li>
<li>You are knowledgeable in event streaming platforms and messaging brokers such as Kafka and RabbitMQ&nbsp;</li>
<li>You have demonstrated an ability to learn new languages and technologies</li>
<li>You feel comfortable working with SQL and NoSQL databases</li>
<li>You have experience with CI/CD products such as GitHub Actions, Jenkins, ArgoCD</li>
<li>You take pride in your work, have a keen sense of ownership, and are dedicated to writing clear, maintainable, and testable code.</li>
<li>You’re a product-focused engineer who is passionate and curious about solving user challenges.</li>
<li>Have great English communication skills - you'll be part of a truly global team!&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Why you should join SumUp</strong></p>
<p><strong>📈 Career Growth</strong>: Be part of a global team working on large-scale fintech products used by millions of businesses.</p>
<p><strong>📚 Learning &amp; Development</strong>: Access an annual budget of <strong>R$ 10,000</strong> for education, certifications, and conferences.</p>
<p><strong>🌴 Time Off</strong>: Enjoy <strong>30 additional days off </strong>through our <strong>Break4Me</strong> program after 3 years at SumUp.</p>
<p><strong>💸 Grow with Us: </strong>Participate in our virtual stock program and benefit from SumUp’s success with company shares.</p>
<p><strong>🌍 Global Experience</strong>: Collaborate with a diverse team of<strong> 3,000+ people from over 90 countries</strong>, and join our global off-sites and hackathons.</p>
<p>🤝 <strong>Collaborative Culture:</strong> Join a team that values diversity, innovation, and teamwork, where your ideas and contributions truly matter.</p>
<p><strong>💙 Great Benefits</strong>: Health plans, meal vouchers (VR), Zenklub, Wellhub, life insurance, childcare allowance, and more.</p>
<h3><strong>Learn More About SumUp</strong></h3>
<p><strong>🇧🇷 </strong><a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8LwAYCUtfXQ"><strong>Office tour at São Paulo</strong></a></p>
<p><strong>💡 </strong><a href="https://www.linkedin.com/posts/sumup\_sumup-summer-company-trip-activity-7246471902838317057--sBs?utm\_source=share&amp;utm\_medium=member\_desktop"><strong>Ask me anything: Engineering at SumUp</strong></a></p>
<p><strong>🚀 </strong><a href="https://www.linkedin.com/posts/sumup\_insidesumup-innovation-hackathon-activity-7245403147458752513-0PD7?utm\_source=share&amp;utm\_medium=member\_desktop"><strong>SumUp’s Innovation Hackathon</strong>&nbsp;</a></p>
<p><strong>🤝 </strong><a href="https://www.sumup.com/careers/how-we-hire/"><strong>Get to know our hiring process</strong></a></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>Job Application Tip</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We recognise that candidates feel they need to meet 100% of the job criteria in order to apply for a job. Please note that this is only a guide. If you don’t tick every box, it’s ok too because it means you have room to learn and develop your career at SumUp.</span></p></div>