<h2><strong>Who we are</strong></h2>
<h3><strong>About Stripe</strong></h3>
<p>Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies - from the world’s largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups - use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyone's reach while doing the most important work of your career.</p>
<h3><strong>About the team</strong></h3>
<p>The Audio Visual team at Stripe is tasked with delivering best in class collaboration experiences. This role will be responsible for the research and development of new AV experiences and standards, event production and operation, and project management ranging from office builds to technology rollouts. You will be joining a highly specialized team of AV professionals working towards the implementation of an equitable, functional, and cutting edge hybrid workplace.</p>
<h3><strong>Responsibilities</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Research and Develop our AV technology standards across our offices</li>
<li>Serve as highest point of escalation internally for AV issues and incidents of varying complexity and criticality</li>
<li>Maintain best in class in office collaboration support through cross functional communication and partnership</li>
<li>Contribute directly the upleveling and maturation of our services and process, keeping in mind scalability, efficiency, and organization.</li>
<li>Work directly on and support when needed the production and operation of our highest tiered internal events, such as our Company All Hands</li>
<li>Ensure the AV experience at Stripe is equitable and consistent across the globe by leveraging remote managed technologies</li>
<li>Own and manage the design, procurement, installation, and sign off of new office builds and retrofits&nbsp;</li>
<li>Develop run books and document processes to ensure repeat success for operational support teams and fellow Stripes.</li>
<li>Ability to work autonomously and navigate ambiguity to deliver on high impact projects</li>
<li>Work cross functionally with other teams at Stripe in supporting the future workplace&nbsp;</li>
<li>Expectation of travel to our offices as needed as it pertains to project work and high tiered event support.</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>Who you are</strong></h3>
<p>We're looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.</p>
<h3><strong>Minimum requirements</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>5+ years of relevant experience in an enterprise environment scaling build and deployment processes</li>
<li>Prior experience delivering, developing, and writing complex technical solutions&nbsp;</li>
<li>High level knowledge of AV hardware &amp; software infrastructures</li>
<li>Working consistently and effectively to collaborate within a global team</li>
<li>Strong understanding of streaming and event production workflows and the necessary protocols.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Ability to design and support high complexity production spaces as well as standardized conference room systems</li>
<li>Experience with managing multiple vendors globally to ensure multiple overlapping projects are delivered on time</li>
<li>Strong problem-solving skills using a solution oriented mindset and able to drive issues to resolution</li>
<li>Experience being a catalyst for positive change in a global organization</li>
<li>Experience empowering the team and leading with empathy and integrity</li>
<li>Precise communication skills, both written and verbal</li>
</ul>
<h3 id="preferred-qualifications">Preferred qualifications</h3>
<ul>
<li>CTS and/or CTS-D certification&nbsp;</li>
<li>Q-Sys Level 1+ certification</li>
<li>Dante levels 1–3 certification</li>
<li>Experience with QSC and Crestron programming</li>
<li>Project Management experience</li>
<li>AV managed services oversight inline with ITIL 4 frameworks</li>
</ul>