<div class="content-intro"><p><strong>Secure Every Identity, from AI to Human<br><br></strong>Identity is the key to unlocking the potential of AI. Okta secures AI by building the trusted, neutral infrastructure that enables organizations to safely embrace this new era. This work requires a relentless drive to solve complex challenges with real-world stakes. We are looking for builders and owners who operate with speed and urgency and execute with excellence.<br><br>This is an opportunity to do career-defining work. We're all in on this mission. If you are too, let's talk.</p></div><p data-renderer-start-pos="1085">Auth0 technology is an easy to implement authentication and authorization platform designed by developers for developers.&nbsp; We make access to applications safe, secure, and seamless for the more than 100 million daily logins around the world. Our modern approach to identity enables this Tier 0 global service to deliver convenience, privacy, and security so customers can focus on innovation.</p>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="1529">Our commitment to identity inspires and sustains our Diversity, Inclusion, and Belonging strategy as we aim to celebrate and protect the identities of everyone in our network.</p>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="1529"><strong>The Product</strong></p>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="1794">We’re looking to grow the team to deliver some high-impact features. In this role, you will influence shaping our product experience, authentication and management SDK experience, product documentation, along with our growing portfolio of developer tools like the Auth0 CLI and Terraform provider that enhance our platform's usability and appeal.</p>
<p><strong>Location:</strong> Bengaluru, Karnataka, India</p>
<p><strong>Note:</strong>&nbsp;<em>"This role requires in-person onboarding and travel to our Bengaluru, IN office during the first week of employment."</em></p>
<h5 id="The-Team" data-renderer-start-pos="2143"><strong data-renderer-mark="true">The Team</strong></h5>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="2153">You will join a distributed and diverse team of designers supported by leadership and subject matter experts, as well as design and research peers with whom you can collaborate and share feedback. You will also be part of a product team that includes Product Management and Engineering counterparts, and will have direct ownership and impact throughout the product development lifecycle. We are looking for a designer that is a team player and works closely with engineers and product managers to solve complex problems at scale and what’s next for our authentication experiences. If you are a collaborative problem solver wanting to explore complex and impactful user experiences, this position could be perfect for you.</p>
<h5 id="You-will:" data-renderer-start-pos="2876"><strong data-renderer-mark="true">You will:</strong></h5>
<ul class="ak-ul" data-indent-level="1">
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="2889">Work cross-functionally with Product Managers and Engineers, prioritizing features and improvements, facilitating design discussions, and providing feedback.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="3050">Work with product and engineering to build the roadmap. This involves talking to engineers, other teams, and customers.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="3173">Build a deep understanding of your core customers.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="3227">Work closely with designers and engineers to develop and expand our product design system.&nbsp;</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="3322">Collaborate with brand and visual designers to add delightful elements to our product experience.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="3423">Define data and analytics to measure design solutions.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="3481">Work with the Research team and obtain the necessary support to conduct research and communicate insights to help the team understand customer problems.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="3637">Transform challenging workflows into simple, usable, and elegant experiences for developers.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="3733">Share work early and often and seek out constructive feedback from peers, product teams, and other stakeholders.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="3849">Iterate on solutions based on direct and indirect stakeholder feedback.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="3924">Work together with designers on other product teams to keep work consistent, improve quality, contribute to our team processes and principles.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<h5 id="You-might-be-a-good-fit-for-this-role-if-you:" data-renderer-start-pos="4070"><strong data-renderer-mark="true">You might be a good fit for this role if you:</strong></h5>
<ul class="ak-ul" data-indent-level="1">
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="4119">Have experience building developer products with user experiences spanning in-browser interfaces, application development environments, command-line interfaces, and APIs.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="4293">Work cross-functionally with Product Managers and Engineers, prioritizing UX improvements, partnering on strategies for SDKs and developer tools, facilitating design discussions, and providing feedback.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="4499">Have proficiency in modern front-end development practices, including HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and frameworks like React, NextJS. Familiarity with AI/ML concepts and their application in user experience design.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="4558">Have worked on a robust and comprehensive design system, and know when to break out and create new extensible patterns.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="4681">Have an advanced understanding of UI/UX/Visual design concepts and an exceptional eye for detail with a portfolio that showcases this understanding.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="4833">Think in systems and can extrapolate and extend shared patterns and behaviors.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="4915">Can distill complex problems into precise, simple, and delightful solutions.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="4995">Have proficiency in user and customer research: from developing a research plan, interviewing or conducting usability testing with users, analyzing feedback, and reporting research findings.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="5189">Know how to use qualitative and quantitative data to back up your design decisions and suggest new research.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="5301">Can communicate effectively with internal and external stakeholders to gain alignment.</p>
</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">Have comfort with emerging AI technologies and experience in integrating AI-driven features into user interfaces.</li>
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="5479">8+ years of relevant experience preferably working with developer tools, visual design, and UX/UI.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>#LI-Hybrid</p>
<p>P23063\_3156978</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong><br>The Okta Experience</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><a href="http://rewards.okta.com">Supporting Your Well-Being</a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="https://www.okta.com/company/okta-for-good/">Driving Social Impact&nbsp;</a></li>
<li><a href="https://www.okta.com/company/talent-connection-community/">Developing Talent and Fostering Connection + Community</a></li>
</ul>
<p>We are intentional about connection. Our global community, spanning over 20 offices worldwide, is united by a drive to innovate. Your journey begins with an immersive, in-person onboarding experience designed to accelerate your impact and connect you to our mission and team from day one.<br><br>Okta is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, marital status, age, physical or mental disability, or status as a protected veteran. We also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and convictions records, consistent with applicable laws.<br><br>If reasonable accommodation is needed to complete any part of the job application, interview process, or onboarding please&nbsp;<a href="https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1EfiEYZrIyhA2X4Fijk0R3RKYOzNoS3wtvyM4nhbZnXE/edit">use this Form</a> to request an accommodation.<br><br>Notice for New York City Applicants &amp; Employees: Okta may use Automated Employment Decision Tools (AEDT), as defined by New York City Local Law 144, that use artificial intelligence, machine learning, or other automated processes to assist in our recruitment and hiring process. In accordance with NYC Local Law 144, if you are an applicant or employee residing in New York City, please&nbsp;<a href="https://talent.okta.com/new-york-city-aedt-notice.html">click here</a> to view our full NYC AEDT Notice.<br><br>Okta is committed to complying with applicable data privacy and security laws and regulations. For more information, please see our Personnel and Job Candidate Privacy Notice at&nbsp;<a href="https://www.okta.com/legal/personnel-policy/">https://www.okta.com/legal/personnel-policy/</a>.</p></div>