<p><strong>Who we are</strong></p>
<h3><strong>About Stripe</strong></h3>
<p>Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies—from the world's largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyone's reach while doing the most important work of your career.</p>
<h3><strong>About the team</strong></h3>
<p>The Stripe EMEA Marketing team is a dynamic and rapidly growing group dedicated to transforming customers into enthusiastic advocates for Stripe. Collaborating closely with sales, we focus on accelerating the path to purchase and enhancing product adoption among our user base. Our regional marketing efforts involve crafting and executing tailored marketing plans that resonate with local audiences, as well as spearheading our most significant conferences and sponsorships that drive go-to-market (GTM) success and business growth. Join us and be part of a culture that celebrates teamwork, innovates boldly, and makes a meaningful impact.</p>
<h3>What you’ll do</h3>
<p>We’re looking for a strategic, creative, and results-oriented marketing leader to define and drive our Account-Based Marketing (ABM) and Executive Engagement strategy throughout EMEA.&nbsp;</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>This is a senior individual contributor role for someone who thrives at the intersection of strategy, execution, and cross-functional influence. You will translate global priorities into locally resonant programs, ensuring that Stripe’s most strategic audiences have high-quality, insight-driven experiences throughout their lifecycle, from early exploration to long-term partnership.&nbsp;</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>Working with regional marketing managers, you will be instrumental in building the programs and operations to engage Executives and prospects with compelling experiences and content to create and nurture sales pipeline. The ideal candidate is data-driven and has an unbridled passion for working hand-in-hand with regional marketing/sales teams to drive successful user outcomes.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<h3><strong>Responsibilities</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Craft the executive marketing strategy within high-priority account segments, including established enterprises and digital native businesses.</li>
<li>Define and execute high-touch programs and executive engagement plans, including virtual and in-person field events designed for senior personas.</li>
<li>Guide regional marketers on ABM frameworks and best practice that boost awareness and adoption of Stripe.</li>
<li>Oversee the development of persona based mid- and lower-funnel regional marketing programs to accelerate lead conversion and generate pipeline.</li>
<li>Partner with Demand Generation, Product Marketing, and Partnerships to identify, scope, and produce localized content and marketing assets.</li>
<li>Track, measure, and communicate program results, continually optimizing for efficiency and scale while fostering a culture of innovation.</li>
<li>Be creative in finding new ways to advise a diverse range of enterprise personas about the value Stripe brings to businesses.</li>
</ul>
<h3>Who you are</h3>
<p>We’re looking for an experienced, creative, and results-oriented leader who understands the diverse needs of businesses and can effectively collaborate with sales leaders to translate business needs into engagement opportunities.</p>
<h4>Minimum requirements</h4>
<ul>
<li>10+ years of relevant B2B marketing experience, including specific experience with Account-Based Marketing (ABM), field marketing, and multi-touch campaigns.</li>
<li>Proven track record of defining and executing marketing strategies that deliver against funnel metrics, KPIs, and pipeline contribution.</li>
<li>Strong communication skills, including the ability to convey complex topics with simplicity and present business insights in an executive-ready format.</li>
<li>Strategic mindset with strong analytical capabilities and a data-driven approach to decision-making.</li>
<li>Deep experience collaborating with Sales teams on joint planning and execution, establishing trust as a strategic partner.</li>
<li>Experience driving effective ABM programs with measurable results.</li>
</ul>
<h4>Preferred qualifications</h4>
<ul>
<li>Experience in the payments, financial technology, or adjacent industries, or marketing FinTech solutions or to FinTech companies.</li>
<li>A startup mentality with a bias to action and the ability to flex in a fast-paced environment.</li>
<li>Understanding of the payments and ecommerce industries and their partner ecosystems.</li>
<li>Demonstrated success delivering marketing programs with and through consulting and technology partners.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>