<p>Canonical is a leading provider of open source software and operating systems to the global enterprise and technology markets. Our platform, Ubuntu, is very widely used in breakthrough enterprise initiatives such as public cloud, data science, AI, engineering innovation, and IoT. Our customers include the world's leading public cloud and silicon providers, and industry leaders in many sectors. The company is a pioneer of global distributed collaboration, with 1200+ colleagues in 75+ countries and very few office-based roles. Teams meet two to four times yearly in person, in interesting locations around the world, to align on strategy and execution.</p>
<p>The company is founder-led, profitable, and growing.</p>
<p>We are hiring a&nbsp;<strong>Project Manager - Ubuntu Embedded Systems at Canonical</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">As a project manager for Canonical’s Devices business, this role is responsible for the coordination and completion of large complex customer-facing projects, overseeing all aspects of project delivery and acting as the primary delivery liaison between Canonical's engineering teams and Canonical's customers.</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"><br></span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">You will be managing the projects that involve the delivery of Ubuntu images on a wide variety of devices ranging from robots, edge gateways, and IoT devices to PCs and automotive systems. This is a high-profile project management position where you are expected to build and maintain working relationships with team members, customers, other partners/vendors (Silicon vendors, OEMs, ODMs, IHVs), and other Canonical departments/teams.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Location: This role will be office based in Taipei, Taiwan</span></p>
<h2><span style="font-weight: 400;">The role entails</span></h2>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Managing projects through their complete life cycle and ensuring that the overall goals for both Canonical and the client are met</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Successfully delivering engineering professional services for assigned projects</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Working with engineering teams on custom board enablement and delivery of Ubuntu images to the customers</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Assisting in the development of project statements of work</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Drafting and maintaining project-specific schedules/project plans&nbsp;</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Obtaining client agreement to the project schedule and agreed-upon work items</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Ensuring projects are delivered within the time/resources/scope expectations</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Managing project risk mitigation and plans</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Driving technical issues to reach desired delivery outcomes</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Maintaining daily and weekly communication with the client and all internal stakeholders</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Managing delivery schedule of critical third-party deliverables for the project</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Keeping management informed of the status of assigned projects</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Identify custom engineering requests that are not part of an existing business contract</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Advocating for the appropriate technologies from Canonical's product portfolio to customers</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Supporting different time zones and work non-traditional hours as required to support the assigned projects</span></li>
</ul>
<h2><span style="font-weight: 400;">What we are looking for in you</span></h2>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Solid project management experience in delivering engineering services to customers managing software development teams and field engineers</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Extensive experience successfully managing projects with cross-cultural and multi-continent internal and external project resources, preferably with resources in Asia, Europe, and the Americas</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Educational degree preferably in Science, Technology, Engineering, or Math</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Good knowledge of Linux and the wider Open Source Software community, and understanding of computer architecture</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Excellent communications skills, both verbal and written, in English</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Strong leader and problem solver with extensive experience building successful internal and external partnerships and effective working relationships with demanding project sponsors in complex organizational environments</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">PMP/PMI or PRINCE2 Practitioner Certification preferred</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Ability to work non-standard work hours in support of a worldwide sales and project team</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Willingness to travel up to 4 times a year for internal events</span></li>
</ul>
<h2><span style="font-weight: 400;">What we offer you</span></h2>
<p>We consider geographical location, experience, and performance in shaping compensation worldwide. We revisit compensation annually (and more often for graduates and associates) to ensure we recognise outstanding performance. In addition to base pay, we offer a performance-driven annual bonus. We provide all team members with additional benefits, which reflect our values and ideals. We balance our programs to meet local needs and ensure fairness globally.</p>
<ul>
<li>Distributed work environment with twice-yearly team sprints in person</li>
<li>Personal learning and development budget of USD 2,000 per year</li>
<li>Annual compensation review</li>
<li>Recognition rewards</li>
<li>Annual holiday leave</li>
<li>Maternity and paternity leave</li>
<li>Employee Assistance Programme</li>
<li>Opportunity to travel to new locations to meet colleagues</li>
<li>Priority Pass, and travel upgrades for long haul company events</li>
</ul>
<h2><span style="font-weight: 400;">About Canonical</span></h2>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Canonical is a pioneering tech firm that is at the forefront of the global move to open source. As the company that publishes Ubuntu, one of the most important open-source projects and the platform for AI, IoT, and the cloud, we are changing the world on a daily basis. We recruit on a global basis and set a very high standard for people joining the company. We expect excellence - in order to succeed, we need to be the best at what we do.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Canonical has been a remote-first company since its inception in 2004.​ Working at Canonical is a step into the future and will challenge you to think differently, work smarter, learn new skills, and raise your game. Canonical provides a unique window into the world of 21st-century digital business.</span></p>
<h2><span style="font-weight: 400;">Canonical is an equal opportunity employer</span></h2>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are proud to foster a workplace free from discrimination. Diversity of experience, perspectives, and background create a better work environment and better products.</span><a href="https://canonical.com/careers/diversity/identity"><span style="font-weight: 400;"> Whatever your identity, we will give your application fair consideration.</span></a></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">#LI-remote&nbsp;</span></p>