<div class="content-intro"><p><strong data-stringify-type="bold">Why work at Nebius<br></strong>Nebius is leading a new era in cloud computing to serve the global AI economy. We create the tools and resources our customers need to solve real-world challenges and transform industries, without massive infrastructure costs or the need to build large in-house AI/ML teams. Our employees work at the cutting edge of AI cloud infrastructure alongside some of the most experienced and innovative leaders and engineers in the field.</p>
<p><strong>Where we work<br></strong>Headquartered in Amsterdam and listed on Nasdaq, Nebius has a global footprint with R&amp;D hubs across Europe, North America, and Israel. The team of over 1400 employees includes more than 400 highly skilled engineers with deep expertise across hardware and software engineering, as well as an in-house AI R&amp;D team.</p></div><p><strong>The team</strong></p>
<p>Our Sales team offers a fantastic opportunity to join a collaborative and supportive environment, where teamwork is just as valued as individual goals. You’ll have the chance to work with cutting-edge technology, while benefiting from a competitive commission structure. Working side-by-side with seasoned technology sales professionals, you’ll gain valuable experience in a dynamic environment, and receive excellent opportunities for career growth and business development.</p>
<p><strong>The role</strong></p>
<p>Nebius is hiring for a driven Account Executive – Benelux. This is a strategic hunter sales role, where you will drive the adoption of our AI and cloud solutions across the Benelux marketplace. Targeting AI workloads across a set of industries and AI-native new logos and existing customers. Based in the Netherlands, you will manage strategic client relationships, uncover new business opportunities, work with partners and lead the end-to-end sales process—from initial engagement to closing. Your ability to understand complex business needs, craft tailored solutions, and thrive in a fast-moving, innovative environment will be key to your success. This role requires a solid blend of consultative selling, strategic thinking, and execution excellence to help clients unlock the full value of our platform.</p>
<p>You are welcome to work hybrid from our <strong>Amsterdam Office (Hyrbid).</strong></p>
<p><strong>Your responsibilities will include:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Demonstrate&nbsp;a&nbsp;deep&nbsp;understanding&nbsp;of&nbsp;Nebius&nbsp;and&nbsp;the&nbsp;value&nbsp;to&nbsp;our&nbsp;customers&nbsp;</li>
<li>Own&nbsp;and&nbsp;grow&nbsp;your&nbsp;territory:&nbsp;maintain&nbsp;and&nbsp;deliver&nbsp;against&nbsp;a&nbsp;strategic&nbsp;plan&nbsp;for&nbsp;region/territory.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Client&nbsp;Engagement:&nbsp;Develop&nbsp;deep&nbsp;relationships&nbsp;with&nbsp;key&nbsp;stakeholders&nbsp;across&nbsp;the&nbsp;enterprise,&nbsp;positioning&nbsp;our&nbsp;AI&nbsp;and&nbsp;cloud&nbsp;solutions&nbsp;to&nbsp;address&nbsp;client-specific&nbsp;challenges.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Solution&nbsp;Selling:&nbsp;Demonstrate&nbsp;the&nbsp;value&nbsp;of&nbsp;AI&nbsp;and&nbsp;cloud&nbsp;solutions&nbsp;through&nbsp;consultative&nbsp;selling,&nbsp;product&nbsp;demonstrations,&nbsp;and&nbsp;presentations.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Negotiation&nbsp;&amp;&nbsp;Closing:&nbsp;Lead&nbsp;contract&nbsp;negotiations&nbsp;with&nbsp;C-suite&nbsp;executives,&nbsp;securing&nbsp;deals&nbsp;that&nbsp;meet&nbsp;revenue&nbsp;targets&nbsp;and&nbsp;contributing&nbsp;to&nbsp;long-term&nbsp;partnerships.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Regional&nbsp;Representation:&nbsp;Represent&nbsp;Nebius&nbsp;AI&nbsp;at&nbsp;regional&nbsp;and&nbsp;industry&nbsp;events,&nbsp;webinars,&nbsp;and&nbsp;customer&nbsp;meetings.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Market&nbsp;Knowledge:&nbsp;Stay&nbsp;updated&nbsp;on&nbsp;industry&nbsp;trends,&nbsp;emerging&nbsp;technologies,&nbsp;and&nbsp;competitive&nbsp;landscape&nbsp;to&nbsp;position&nbsp;our&nbsp;solutions&nbsp;effectively.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Orchestrate&nbsp;the&nbsp;deal&nbsp;team&nbsp;(SEs,&nbsp;Industry,&nbsp;Partners,&nbsp;CS)&nbsp;to&nbsp;deliver&nbsp;differentiated&nbsp;value&nbsp;proposals&nbsp;and&nbsp;business&nbsp;cases.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Forecast&nbsp;with&nbsp;accuracy;&nbsp;progress&nbsp;deals&nbsp;through&nbsp;the&nbsp;Salesforce&nbsp;sales&nbsp;process&nbsp;and&nbsp;deliver&nbsp;against&nbsp;ACV&nbsp;/&nbsp;activity&nbsp;targets.&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>We expect you to have:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Proven&nbsp;Experience:&nbsp;8+&nbsp;years&nbsp;of&nbsp;experience&nbsp;in&nbsp;B2B&nbsp;sales,&nbsp;particularly&nbsp;in&nbsp;AI,&nbsp;cloud,&nbsp;or&nbsp;data&nbsp;infrastructure,&nbsp;with&nbsp;a&nbsp;clear&nbsp;hunter&nbsp;track&nbsp;record.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Passion&nbsp;and&nbsp;desire&nbsp;to&nbsp;work&nbsp;in&nbsp;a&nbsp;startup&nbsp;culture,&nbsp;directly&nbsp;impacting&nbsp;the&nbsp;growth&nbsp;of&nbsp;the&nbsp;company&nbsp;</li>
<li>Comfortable&nbsp;selling&nbsp;cloud&nbsp;platforms&nbsp;(AWS,&nbsp;Azure,&nbsp;Google&nbsp;Cloud),&nbsp;AI&nbsp;solutions,&nbsp;and&nbsp;related&nbsp;technologies.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Strong commercial acumen: value mapping, negotiation, multiyear deals, and exec level storytelling.&nbsp;</li>
<li>High&nbsp;energy,&nbsp;enthusiasm,&nbsp;and&nbsp;evidence&nbsp;of&nbsp;consistent&nbsp;growth&nbsp;vs.&nbsp;quota.&nbsp;</li>
<li>CRM&nbsp;Proficiency:&nbsp;Experience&nbsp;with&nbsp;CRM&nbsp;tools&nbsp;such&nbsp;as&nbsp;Salesforce,&nbsp;HubSpot,&nbsp;or&nbsp;similar.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Ability&nbsp;to&nbsp;travel&nbsp;as&nbsp;needed.&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>It will be an added bonus if you have:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Proficiency in the local market language is preferred (Dutch).</li>
<li>Previous experience in a high-growth, start-up environment.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Exposure&nbsp;to&nbsp;SaaS&nbsp;models&nbsp;or&nbsp;cloud&nbsp;infrastructure&nbsp;sales.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Experience&nbsp;selling&nbsp;to&nbsp;mid-market&nbsp;or&nbsp;enterprise-level&nbsp;clients.&nbsp;</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>What we offer</strong>&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>Competitive salary and comprehensive benefits package.</li>
<li>Opportunities for professional growth within Nebius.</li>
<li>Flexible working arrangements.</li>
<li>A dynamic and collaborative work environment that values initiative and innovation.</li>
</ul>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">We’re growing and expanding our products every day. If you’re up to the challenge and are excited about AI and ML as much as we are, join us!</span></p></div>