<p>
  <strong>Headquarters:</strong> 
</p>

<p><span>You want to be part of building a community, an industry, a city. You’re interested in how it all works and why it works. You are collaborative and enthusiastic about developing design solutions to technical challenges, with an appreciation for constructability.&nbsp; You perform best in groups where you know what’s expected of you. You are looking for your role where you can apply your skills, share your knowledge, and continue to learn with support from skilled professionals.</span></p><br><p>&nbsp;</p><br><p><span>Binnie is looking for an Engineer to join our Water &amp; Wastewater Division which provides design and project management services specializing in sanitary, water and storm drainage collection, distribution, and transmission systems, facilities, pump stations, and other utility appurtenances.</span></p><br><p>&nbsp;</p><br><p><span>You are gaining local experience and relationships with key clients delivering the design and construction of utility infrastructure.&nbsp; You are looking to take on a leading role with securing and delivering your own projects where you may take the role of both design engineer and manager depending on the scope and scale of the works.&nbsp; You enjoy leading the design and production process as well as interfacing directly with clients.&nbsp; You may prepare and review design calculations, provide technical support to Senior Project Managers and inspection staff through the project delivery life cycle, from proposal, to design through construction and handover.</span></p><br><p>&nbsp;<span></span></p><br><p><span>You will be working with our friendly and supportive team of experienced Project Managers, Technologists, Designers, and Engineers on a wide range of capital projects. We pride ourselves on our collaborative approach and offer an environment to flourish.&nbsp;</span></p><br><p>&nbsp;</p><br><p><span>With around 300 staff spread across offices in Burnaby, Langley, Squamish, Kamloops, Prince George, and working remotely in many other regions across BC, we are a strong organization with a good reputation, and many long-term relationships with clients. We are big enough to win interesting jobs in diverse locations, but small enough to care about you and the experiences you have at work.&nbsp; We want to create a welcoming, collaborative, creative, caring and fun place for you to work.</span></p><br><p>&nbsp;</p><br><p><span>We are employee owned so we care deeply and are proud of the quality of the work we do.</span></p><br><p><span>We have regular staff appreciation events such as annual summer family picnics to places like Playland and regular informal socials where lunches and appies are brought into the office.&nbsp; We have an active young professionals group who go kayaking, bouldering and arrange for regular social activities like their recent trivia night to build connections and maintain our culture.</span></p><br><p>&nbsp;</p><br><p><span>YOUR ROLE:</span></p><br><p><span>·&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Preparing design drawings reports, letters and technical memorandums</span></p><br><p><span>·&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Directing staff involved with the design process</span></p><br><p><span>·&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Supporting the construction engineering services for your projects</span></p><br><p><span>·&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Maintaining and building relationships with clients</span></p><br><p><span>·&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Supporting and/or leading the preparation of fee proposals</span></p><br><p><span>·&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Undertaking quality control procedures and monitoring design standards on completed work</span></p><br><p><span>&nbsp;</span></p><br><p><span>WHAT YOU BRING:</span></p><br><p><span>·&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;4-7+ years of design and project delivery experience in a civil consulting engineering environment.&nbsp; Seniority of roll and salary will reflect experience.</span></p><br><p><span>·&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Proven history of delivery of water and wastewater projects</span></p><br><p><span>·&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Completed Degree in Civil or Environmental Engineering</span></p><br><p><span>·&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Registered as a P.Eng</span></p><br><p><span>·&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Valid Driver’s License</span></p><br><p>&nbsp;</p><br><p><span>ABOUT BINNIE:</span></p><br><p><span>We are the people behind the infrastructure you use every day. We’re small enough to know each other’s names, and big enough to be where we’re needed. As an employee-owned firm and one of Canada’s Top 100 Employers, we take pride in our work and are respected as one of the top engineering firms in British Columbia.&nbsp; We support some of the most important infrastructure in the province and beyond.</span></p><br><p>&nbsp;</p><br><p><span>We’re looking for professionals who want to build careers and communities that last. We can’t do it without you.</span></p><br><p>&nbsp;</p><br><p><span>THE PERKS:</span></p><br><p><span>People come first. We support you with the education, mentoring, and growth opportunities you need to build an interesting career. As an employee-owned firm, we create a clear internal growth path that can keep up with even the most ambitious professionals. Whether it’s through our Employee Resources groups like Young Professionals group and RISE; our mentoring programs, Binnie Banters speech club, Movember, or book club, everyone can get involved in their own way.</span></p><br><p>&nbsp;</p><br><p><span><em>Interested in this job?</em></span></p><br><p><span>Let us know why you want to work at Binnie, and why you would be a fit as our Civil Design Engineer. Submit your application at the link above.</span></p><br><p>&nbsp;</p><br><p><span>Binnie embraces diversity and is committed to creating an inclusive environment for everyone. We are an equal opportunity employer and welcome any and all qualified applicants.</span></p><br><p>&nbsp;</p><br><p><span>If you require accommodation at any time throughout the recruitment process, please contact our Human Resources team.</span></p><br><p>&nbsp;</p><br><p><span>Thank you for your interest in Binnie. We look forward to reviewing your application. Salary is commensurate with experience; the salary range for this position is: CA$88,635 - $162,000 annually. The final salary for this role may vary based on several factors, including relevant education, qualifications, certifications, experience, skills, seniority, geographic location, performance, and business or organizational needs. Please note that the salary range provided in this job posting may be subject to change for business purposes.</span></p>

<p><strong>To apply:</strong> <a href="https://weworkremotely.com/remote-jobs/binnie-civil-mechanical-design-engineer-water-wastewater">https://weworkremotely.com/remote-jobs/binnie-civil-mechanical-design-engineer-water-wastewater</a></p>