<h4>Team Summary</h4>
<p>Our Embedded QA team specializes in end-to-end and firmware testing of embedded systems to ensure the reliability, performance, and quality of the products line-up. We validate end-to-end user scenarios through rigorous testing that reflects real-world conditions. Working closely with SDET, Engineering, Product, and other QA teams, we proactively identify issues and provide actionable insights to improve system stability and user satisfaction.</p>
<h4>Job Summary</h4>
<p>We are looking for an Embedded QA Intern with a technical background and a passion for hardware-software interaction. You will support the team by learning to execute basic test cases, shadowing senior engineers, and documenting defects in Jira. Under guidance, you will contribute to the validation of firmware and its features, covering interactions between hardware, the backend, and the app.</p>
<h4><strong>Responsibilities and Duties</strong></h4>
<ul>
<li><span class="im">Execute basic test cases and shadow senior engineers</span></li>
<li>Contribute to test execution during the release cycles</li>
<li><span class="im">Report and validate bugs to ensure product quality</span></li>
<li><span class="im">Create, maintain, and improve test cases</span></li>
<li><span class="im">Participation in team meetings and status reporting</span></li>
<li><span class="im">Report testing status to management</span></li>
</ul>
<h4>Qualifications and Skills</h4>
<ul>
<li>Bachelor’s Degree in a Technical Field (or active student)</li>
<li>Understanding of QA and QC principles</li>
<li>Basic Linux knowledge (CLI navigation, file system)</li>
<li>Knowledge of testing methodologies, test design techniques, test types</li>
<li>Theoretical knowledge of SQL, web services</li>
<li>At least an Intermediate level in both written and spoken English (B1).</li>
</ul>
<h4>Nice to have</h4>
<ul>
<li>Completed QA courses or personal technical projects</li>
<li>Understanding of test cases and project management systems</li>
<li>Understanding of embedded systems principles</li>
<li>Understanding of network principles</li>
</ul>
<h4>We offer multiple benefits that include</h4>
<ul>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">The environment of equal opportunities, transparent and value-based corporate culture, and an individual approach to each team member.</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">Competitive compensation and perks.</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">Gig-contract (6 months).</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">21 paid vacation days per year, paid public holidays according to the Ukrainian legislation.</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">Development opportunities like corporate courses, knowledge hubs, and free English classes.</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">Medical insurance is provided from day one. Sick leaves and medical leaves are available.</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">Remote working mode is available within Ukraine only.</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">Free meals, fruits, and snacks when working in the office.</li>
</ul>