**OUR STORY:**

🇪🇺 Join Scaleway and shape the sovereign cloud of tomorrow !

Since 1999, we have been designing secure, sustainable infrastructures aimed at supporting the most ambitious companies.

Historically known for our dedicated servers (Dedibox), we made a strategic shift to cloud computing in 2015. Staying true to our principles of simplicity, flexibility, and technical excellence, we have become one of the leading players in Europe in the sector.

With the rise of artificial intelligence, we have strengthened our commitment, supported by the Iliad Group, which is investing €3 billion to develop a serious, sovereign AI alternative to American and Asian giants.

Every day, thanks to our fast-growing portfolio of cloud and AI products (bare metal, containerization, serverless, AI, etc.), Scaleway proudly serves thousands of customer across the private and public sector, from corporations like France Télévisions or Hachette Livre, to fast-growing startups like Photoroom and Biolevate, to institutions like the City of Copenhagen.

📍 Our offices are located in **Paris, Lille, Toulouse, Rennes, Rouen, Bordeaux and Lyon.**

**WHY WE NEED YOU ?**

Our growth is driving us to strengthen our Sales team to support the expansion of our enterprise client portfolio in Public Sector for Social and Health sector.

Your mission will be to lead strategic account acquisition in France, focusing on large enterprises within Public Sector ecosystem, in order to accelerate revenue growth, boost our presence in key industries, and support our ambition to become the European leader in sovereign cloud solutions.

**YOUR FUTURE TEAM**

We work in a collaborative and international environment where the diversity of Scalers, combined with a spirit of sharing, helps bring new projects to life every day, advancing our ambitions together.

You will be part of a 15-person team of Account Executives, organized by verticals and industry sectors.

The team is embedded in cross-functional collaboration with Sales, Marketing, and Product departments.

**YOUR DAILY ROUTINE**

• Open, manage and grow enterprise accounts in Public Sector for Social and Health vertical.

• Develop and execute account and territory strategies, driving both new business and expansion opportunities.

• Be the first point of contact for enterprise clients, building trusted relationships at all levels of the organization.

• Provide regular reporting to management on account activity, pipeline maturity, strategic Sales & Marketing initiatives and quarterly numbers reviews.

• Capacity to find solutions in order to contractualize complex business agreements.

• Collaborate with internal teams to ensure customer needs are met and to coordinate Sales delivery (capacity to find alternatives).

• Develop and maintain a comprehensive understanding of our products and services.

**ABOUT YOU**

🧠 **Soft Skills**

• Exceptional communication and influencing skills

• Strong ability to build relationships with multiple stakeholders, including C-level executives and partners

• Curious, adaptable

**💼 Hard Skills**

• Proven experience and network in Public Sector and especially the Social and Health vertical

• Proven track record in enterprise sales and strategic account development

• Ability to open, manage and grow multiple enterprise accounts

• Understanding of Cloud & AI ecosystem and how they solve business challenges

• Ability to translate technical solutions into business outcomes for executive-level stakeholders

• Experience with digital transformation initiatives, industrial automation, or AI-driven optimization projects

• Experience using sales tools and platforms relevant to enterprise cloud sales (Salesforce, LinkedIn Sales Navigator, etc.)

• Fluent in English and French

**WHAT YOU WILL FIND AT SCALEWAY ++++**

• Hybrid work: We offer up to 3 days of remote work per week.

• Offices: Our offices are spacious, dynamic workspaces with bold design, conveniently located near public transport. Most of our offices feature outdoor spaces (terraces) and bike parking facilities.

• Dining: Our chef provides a healthy meal service at the headquarters, and breakfast is available across all our sites year-round. Scalers working from regional sites enjoy a Swile card for lunches.

• Well-being commitments: Whether it’s access to a gym, daycare places, or discounted services for caring services, Scaleway is committed to supporting Scalers in maintaining a balanced life.

• International environment: With dozens of nationalities, Scaleway offers a stimulating environment where English is as widely spoken as French.

• Career & Mobility: Our managers value internal mobility, and opportunities to transition to other entities within the Iliad Group are accessible to all Scalers.

**WHY JOIN THE SCALEWAY ADVENTURE ?**

✔ A rich and diverse product offering: Scaleway offers over 100 public cloud products in IaaS, PaaS, and AI.

✔ A cutting-edge technical environment: Scaleway provides modern infrastructures, including high-performance bare metal servers, to tackle exciting technical challenges.

✔ Commitment to responsible cloud: Scaleway is dedicated to a more responsible cloud, with data centers powered solely by renewable energy since 2017, minimizing our ecological footprint and holding top-level certification.

**🔜 THE NEXT STEPS …**

**Discovery call** with a recruiter (30 min)

**Interview with Head of Sales** (45 min)

**Interview with VP Sales** (45 min)

**Team and CSO Interview** - at the office

[Version française ici](https://job-desc.s3.fr-par.scw.cloud/CSO%20-%20Job%20Desc_Senior%20Account%20Executive%20Energy%20Transport%20Logistic_Novembre_2025_FR.pdf)

*At Scaleway, we are committed to building an inclusive and respectful workplace where everyone has a fair opportunity to thrive.*

*All applications are considered with care, regardless of age, gender, sexual orientation, ethnic or social background, religion, disability, or any other characteristic.*

*We believe great ideas come from everywhere, and everyone which is why you should definitely apply.*