<div class="content-intro"><h2><span data-sheets-root="1">About Wolt</span></h2>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">At Wolt, we create technology that brings joy, simplicity and earnings to the neighborhoods of the world. In 2014 we started with delivery of restaurant food. Now we’re building the delivery of (almost) everything and you’ll find us in over 500 cities in 30 countries around the world. In 2022 we joined forces with DoorDash and together we keep on dreaming big and expanding across the globe.<br><br>Working at Wolt isn’t always easy, but it’s definitely exciting. Here you’ll learn more, build more, and ship more than in most other companies. You’ll be challenged a lot, but also have a lot of fun on the way. So, if you’re a self-starter with drive and entrepreneurial spirit, this could be the ride of your life.</span></p></div><p>Are you eager to elevate your HR career within an innovative global tech company where your contributions have a tangible impact? Welcome aboard! We're in search of dynamic, meticulous HR enthusiasts eager to help us take the Wolt employee experience to the next level. If you're driven by the challenge of navigating the complexities of HR and aspire to make a meaningful difference in team members’ lives, your search ends here!</p>
<p>The People Team at Wolt consists of about 200 HR, Talent, Tech, Payroll and Talent Acquisition professionals located in Helsinki, Budapest, Copenhagen, Berlin, Tel-Aviv, Athens, Tbilisi and more. We’re a global People function, well-respected by the people and teams that we support and partner with. To reach the next stage in our exciting growth plans, we are now looking for a Regional HR Specialist to join our global People Team, based in Helsinki.</p>
<p>As our Regional HR Specialist you will have holistic ownership of our entire employee lifecycle at our offices in Kazakhstan and Azerbaijan and support HR function across Region East. Your central focus will be to quickly understand and build on the core HR foundations that are already in place and take our HR service delivery to the next level. You’ll act as a strategic partner and local expert across all business units within the region, providing impartial support and operational excellence to diverse teams and leadership functions.</p>
<h2>What you’ll be doing&nbsp;</h2>
<ul>
<li>Address advanced HR inquiries (Tier 2): Offer expert advice and resolution on sophisticated HR queries, supporting Wolt employees across Kazakhstan and Azerbaijan with their nuanced HR needs.</li>
<li>HR program implementation: Support the execution of targeted HR programs, including compensation reviews and performance appraisals.</li>
<li>Analytical insight: Utilize HR data to craft insightful analyses and reports, aiding decision-making and enhancing our HR intelligence.</li>
<li>Navigate employee relations: Manage sensitive employee concerns and grievances, ensuring a fair, respectful, and legally compliant resolution process.</li>
<li>Impartial ER Investigations: Lead and document complex Employee Relations (ER) investigations and grievance processes with total objectivity, providing high-level reporting and recommendations to safeguard the company’s legal and ethical standing.</li>
<li>Authoritative Advisory: Act as a trusted, impartial advisor to Team Leads and People Partners, possessing the professional courage to challenge biased decisions or inappropriate requests.</li>
<li>Compliance mastery: Monitor and help us enforce adherence to labor laws and regulatory standards, safeguarding our organization against legal risks.</li>
<li>System enhancement and maintenance: Continuously refine our HR tools and platforms for optimal efficiency, particularly Workday, ensuring high data integrity and functionality.</li>
<li>Specialized training initiatives: Design and deliver onboarding and training sessions, focusing on elevating the skills and competencies of our team leads and team members.</li>
<li>Complex issue resolution: Collaborate closely with People Partners to tackle and resolve high risk HR challenges.</li>
<li>Support end-to-end employee life cycle processes: Answer general HR queries (Tier 2), write employment contracts, handle data in Workday, and play an active role in monthly payroll-related tasks and management.</li>
</ul>
<h2>What makes you the perfect candidate</h2>
<ul>
<li>Background: People/HR experience, ideally in a multi-country, global environment</li>
<li>HR passion: A genuine zeal for impacting lives positively through HR.</li>
<li>Service excellence: A commitment to delivering exceptional service experiences.</li>
<li>Technological affinity: An enthusiasm for digital solutions and HR technology.</li>
<li>HR knowledge: Solid grounding in HR fundamentals, whether through education or practical experience.</li>
<li>Critical Thinking &amp; Analytical Rigor: Ability to look beyond administrative tasks to identify root causes of issues and propose data-backed solutions.</li>
<li>Professional Courage &amp; Integrity: Proven ability to remain impartial, maintain strict professional boundaries with stakeholders, and stand your ground in difficult situations.</li>
<li>Change Agent Mindset: A track record of not just following processes, but actively rebuilding and improving them for efficiency.</li>
<li>Process orientation: A love for structured, efficient work processes.</li>
<li>Learning and growth: A relentless pursuit of HR knowledge and expertise.</li>
<li>Problem-solving: A proactive approach to overcoming challenges.</li>
<li>Independence and collaboration: Exceptional at working both autonomously and as part of a team.</li>
<li>Digital proficiency: Comfortable in a digital-first, interconnected work environment.</li>
<li>Communication skills: Fluent English and Russian abilities, both verbal and written.</li>
</ul>
<h2>Why you'll love working with us</h2>
<ul>
<li>Continuous learning: Significant growth in a fast-scaling global tech firm.</li>
<li>Competitive compensation: Attractive salary package.</li>
<li>Structured Hybrid Model: Benefit from a balanced work environment with a focus on in-office collaboration to drive regional HR excellence and maintain strong stakeholder partnerships.&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p><iframe src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/GoL541\_xj9w" width="560" height="314"></iframe></p><div class="content-conclusion"><h2><span data-sheets-root="1">Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion</span></h2>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">We’re committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. That’s why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.</span></p></div>