<p>At Prospa, we exist to unleash the potential of small business. We are building the future of small business and simplifying cashflow by building a leading platform that helps customers make payments, fund growth and reduce admin. <strong>Join us!</strong></p>
<h3 class="wp-block-heading">The role</h3>
<p>As a Partner Specialist, your role is critical in delivering a seamless partner experience, including providing fast, accurate and commercially sound quotes, applying a structured sales process to convert approved quotes into Prospa applications, proactively updating Key Accounts on the progress of their clients’ applications through Prospa’s sales funnel, and drive high conversion between Prospa application to client funded</p>
<p>You will collaborate closely with Prospa’s Sales Operations and Credit teams to ensure efficient outcomes, while maintaining a strong working knowledge of Prospa’s products, credit risk policies and eligibility criteria.</p>
<h3 class="wp-block-heading">What you'll be doing</h3>
<ul class="wp-block-list">
<li>Generate and communicate Prospa quotes within agreed service level agreements, ensuring speed, accuracy and a high‑quality partner experience</li>
<li>Apply a structured sales process to convert approved quotes into applications with Prospa</li>
<li>Proactively update Key Accounts (Prospa’s highest transacting partners) on the progress of their Prospa applications to drive strong conversion from application to funded</li>
<li>Maintain a deep, up‑to‑date understanding of Prospa’s products, credit risk policies and eligibility criteria</li>
<li>Collaborate effectively with Prospa Sales Operations and Credit teams to ensure a smooth partner experience</li>
<li>Forecast and pace performance against monthly targets and key metrics</li>
<li>Identify and implement opportunities to simplify and improve processes, including leveraging AI</li>
</ul>
<h3 class="wp-block-heading">What you'll need to succeed</h3>
<ul class="wp-block-list">
<li>Ability to thrive in a fast‑paced, high‑volume environment</li>
<li>A genuine passion for sales process and working with partners</li>
<li>Clear, confident and professional communication skills</li>
<li>Collaboration skills</li>
<li>Alignment to Prospa’s values, particularly Think like an owner and Deliver value fast</li>
</ul>
<h4 class="wp-block-heading">Don't let a confidence gap get in the way of submitting your application.</h4>
<h3 class="wp-block-heading">What we offer:</h3>
<p>As a busy grow getter, our benefits are here to help you be unstoppable in your mission. Whether it's a lofty career goal, investing in your family, saving the planet or simply feeling fulfilled:</p>
<ul class="wp-block-list">
<li><strong>Growth</strong>: There's something for everyone including learning days, a learning allowance, leadership programs, CliftonStrengths workshops, digital learning, and biannual companywide learning weeks.</li>
<li><strong>Wellbeing</strong>: Think fitness initiatives, seasonal programs (including flu shots, massages, skin checks, wellness classes), additional "Me Days" and access to holistic EAP coaching.</li>
<li><strong>Lifestyle</strong>: Find your fit with flexible working options, top notch office facilities and diverse remote/ travel work options. You can also purchase additional leave and take up to 18 weeks paid parental leave.</li>
<li><strong>Impact</strong>: Join a business that cares and is recertified as carbon neutral. And you can tap into volunteer days, our partnership with Kiva and join a range of employee resource groups.</li>
</ul>
<h3 class="wp-block-heading">Why Prospa?</h3>
<p>We're proud to be a certified Great Place to Work and recognised as a Best Workplace for Women, Best Workplace in Technology, and Best Workplace in Australia. We embrace diversity in people and ideas, fostering a collaborative, inclusive, and respectful environment where we celebrate who you naturally are.</p>
<p>Don't just take our word for it, check out <a href="https://www.canva.com/design/DAFVWLf-6HY/gkJWX100FultHNWIwaaT2A/view?utm\_content=DAFVWLf-6HY&amp;utm\_campaign=designshare&amp;utm\_medium=link2&amp;utm\_source=uniquelinks&amp;utlId=GVjPXtnOQw" target="\_blank"><strong>Prospa’s culture code</strong></a> to see it for yourself.</p>