<div class="content-intro"><h3><strong>About Us at GoCardless</strong></h3>
<p>GoCardless is a <strong>global bank payment</strong> company. Over <strong>100,000 businesses</strong>, from start-ups to household names, use GoCardless to collect and send payments through direct debit, real-time payments and open banking.&nbsp;</p>
<p>GoCardless processes <strong>US$130bn+</strong> of payments annually, across <strong>30+ countries</strong>; helping customers collect and send both <strong>recurring</strong> and <strong>one-off payments</strong>, without the chasing, stress or expensive fees. We use AI-powered solutions to improve payment success and reduce fraud. And, with open banking connectivity to over <strong>2,500 banks</strong>, we help our customers make faster, more informed decisions.</p>
<p>We are headquartered in the<strong> UK</strong> with offices in <strong>London</strong> and <strong>Leeds</strong>, and additional locations in <strong>Australia, France, Ireland, Latvia, Portugal</strong> and the <strong>United States.</strong></p>
<p>At GoCardless, we're all about <strong>supporting you</strong>! We’re committed to making our hiring process <strong>inclusive</strong> and <strong>accessible</strong>. If you need extra support or adjustments, reach out to your <strong>Talent Partner</strong> — we’re here to help!&nbsp;</p>
<p>And remember: we don’t expect you to meet every single requirement. If you’re excited by this role, <strong>we encourage you to apply!</strong></p></div><h3>Payment Intelligence</h3>
<p>Our mission is to make GoCardless the best way to pay and be paid. Our ambition is to dramatically improve payment performance and safeguard our customers from bad outcomes like payment fraud and failures. You will help find data opportunities and areas to improve our payment intelligence products. You should be comfortable with large data sets, customer data, and machine learning principles. You’ll work alongside Product Managers, Engineers and Data Scientists in our two core Payment Intelligence teams to provide critical insights and help drive product direction.</p>
<p>Our existing Payment Intelligence Products are already one of the key reasons why customers choose GoCardless. These include Protect+, which defends customers from fraud, and Success+, which helps customers intelligently recover failed payments. You will need to own our understanding of these products and identify insights and opportunities to help us develop new intelligent features.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<h3><strong>What You'll Do</strong></h3>
<p>At GoCardless analytics is at the core of everything we do and drives business performance through data insight. You will play a critical role partnering closely with stakeholders across the business (including product, operations, marketing, and commercial teams) in order to deliver actionable insights to influence decisions at every level of the organisation. The role is focussed on identifying value and driving change throughout the business derived from insights. Your insights will be turned into actions that will help drive the future of GoCardless. You will act as the bridge between the data, technical and business stakeholders informing strategic plans and will own and evolve a suite of reports designed to give a wide range of stakeholders access insights.&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>Own and iterate on experiments to generate user insight and drive business metrics, allowing the team to quickly take action on business opportunities.</li>
<li>Define how we quantitatively evaluate success, setting KPIs, designing tracking to measure what really matters, delving into the leading indicators of user behaviour</li>
<li>Influence the organisation to increase Product Data coverage and implement user tracking best practices - acting as a mentor to guide other members of the organisation to become data driven</li>
<li>Build models of user-segmentation, customer lifetime value etc in order to inform strategic product &amp; commercial decisions</li>
<li>Continuously innovate on the practices and the tools we rely on to deliver the right insights at the right decision points (A/B Testing, Analysis (SQL), Visualisation (Looker), Tracking (Amplitude), Automation (Python), AI (Gemini)</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<h3><strong>What Excites You</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Become a strategic partner and advisor for the business: you like to proactively seek out gaps in our product capabilities, suggest areas of improvement based on tangible data, as well as owning processes to run and improve testing from the tracking point of view when developing new features.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Act as a catalyst for change across the organization, driving the evolution of our data analytics standards, internal processes, and overall product data strategy to ensure scalability and operational excellence.</li>
<li>Translate complex technical findings into compelling, high-impact narratives. You will bridge the gap between technical data and commercial strategy, influencing product roadmaps and executive decision-making across the entire organization.</li>
<li>Stay current with AI and data trends to solve real-world problems. You like to leverage these technologies to enhance the payment experience, as well as to optimize data analysis, and deliver high-impact insights and strategic recommendations across the business.</li>
<li>Unlocking new layers of payment performance, from uncovering new fraud vectors to maximizing success rates</li>
<li>Serve as a cross-functional mentor, championing a data-driven mindset and elevating the analytical capabilities of team members throughout the company.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<h3><strong>What Excites us</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>You have a background working in similar fast paced product-driven teams and are great at communicating insights to a range of audiences, including senior stakeholders, to drive data-informed product decisions</li>
<li>You are a self-starter, focused on results, with a demonstrated background in using analytics to drive the understanding, growth, and success of a product</li>
<li>You have extensive experience with data visualisation tools mentioned above and develop compelling visualisations which influence decision making and business understanding</li>
<li>You have advanced SQL skills and intermediate Python skills &amp; have experience leveraging AI capabilities to enhance data analysis, automate tasks, and improve decision-making processes</li>
<li>You have a background working in similar fast paced teams and are great at communicating insights to a range of audiences, including senior stakeholders, to drive data-informed decisions.</li>
<li>You are solution-oriented and able to own projects from start to finish. You are comfortable motivating stakeholders across the business and negotiating timelines to unblock yourself and make things happen!</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Salary range:&nbsp;</strong>the expected base salary range for this position is between&nbsp;<strong>€32,000 - €48,000</strong>.</p>
<p>Base salary ranges are based on role, job level, location, and market data. Please note that whilst we strive to offer competitive compensation, our approach is to pay between the minimum and the mid-point of the pay range until performance can be assessed in role. Offers will take into account level of experience, interview assessment, budgets and parity between you and fellow employees at GoCardless doing similar work.</p><div class="content-conclusion"><h3><strong>The Good Stuff!</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li><strong>Wellbeing</strong>: Dedicated support and medical cover to keep you healthy.</li>
<li><strong>Work Away Scheme</strong>: Work from anywhere for up to 90 days in any 12-month period.</li>
<li><strong>Hybrid Working</strong>: Our hybrid model offers flexibility, with in-office days determined by your team.</li>
<li><strong>Equity</strong>: All permanently employed GeeCees get equity to share in our success.</li>
<li><strong>Parental leave</strong>: Tailored leave to support your life's great adventure.</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><strong data-stringify-type="bold">Time off:</strong>&nbsp;Annual holiday leave based on your location, supplemented by 3 volunteer days and 4 wellness days.</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>Life at GoCardless </strong></h3>
<p>We're an organisation defined by our&nbsp;<a class="c-link" href="https://gocardless.com/g/values-operating-principles/" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://gocardless.com/g/values-operating-principles/" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">values</a>; We <strong>start with why</strong> before we begin any project, to ensure it’s aligned with our mission. We <strong>make it happen</strong>, working with urgency and taking personal accountability for getting things done. We <strong>act with integrity</strong>, always. We <strong>care deeply</strong> about what we do and we know it's essential that we <strong>be humble</strong> whilst we do it. Our Values form part of the GoCardless DNA, and are used to not only help us nurture and develop our culture, but to deliver impactful work that will help us to achieve our vision.</p>
<h3><strong>Diversity &amp; Inclusion</strong></h3>
<p>We’re building the <strong>payment network of the future</strong>, and to achieve our goal, we need a <strong>diverse team</strong> with a range of perspectives and experiences. As of July 2024, here’s where we stand:</p>
<ul>
<li>45% identify as women&nbsp;</li>
<li>23% identify as Black, Asian, Mixed, or Other&nbsp;</li>
<li>10% identify as LGBTQIA+&nbsp;</li>
<li>9% identify as neurodiverse&nbsp;</li>
<li>2% identify as disabled&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p>If you want to learn more, you can read about our Employee Resource Groups and objectives <a href="https://gocardless.com/about/diversity-inclusion/">here</a> as well as our latest<a href="https://gocardless.com/assets/40w0m41bmydz/3hqJy4SUqZqW3BmBHlESUe/d1c7932b97b8a8ebcd0fb07418432fe9/GoCardless\_Diversity\_\_\_Inclusion\_Report\_2022.pdf"> </a><a href="https://assets.ctfassets.net/40w0m41bmydz/zGxwfm2rTwqXV4bwOMODR/8c303a244c90e49c9fa7c2ede11cf1e6/GoCardless\_Diversity\_and\_Inclusion\_Report\_20230731\_\_1\_.pdf" target="\_blank">D&amp;I Report</a><strong>&nbsp;</strong></p>
<h3><strong>Sustainability at GoCardless</strong></h3>
<p>We’re committed to reducing our&nbsp;<strong>environmental impact</strong> and leaving a sustainable world for future generations. As co-founders of the <strong>Tech Zero coalition</strong>, we’re working towards a <strong>climate-positive future</strong>. Check out our sustainability<a href="https://gocardless.com/sustainability/" target="\_blank"> action plan</a> here.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Find out more about Life at GoCardless via <a href="https://x.com/gocardless" target="\_blank">X</a>,<a href="http://instagram.com/lifeatgocardless" target="\_blank"> Instagram</a> and<a href="http://linkedin.com/company/gocardless" target="\_blank"> LinkedIn</a>.&nbsp;</strong></p></div>