<div class="content-intro"><p>ZoomInfo is where careers accelerate. We move fast, think boldly, and empower you to do the best work of your life. You’ll be surrounded by teammates who care deeply, challenge each other, and celebrate wins. With tools that amplify your impact and a culture that backs your ambition, you won’t just contribute. You’ll make things happen–fast.</p></div><p><strong>What you'll do</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Meeting with business stakeholders and translating functional requirements into technical requirements.</li>
<li>Ensuring the quality, consistency and efficiency of all Salesforce activities including: general administration, data validity, reporting, support, maintenance, and improvement of the Salesforce platform.</li>
<li>Re-engineer existing processes or build new processes to support the growth of the company.</li>
<li>Implement/integrate/help manage third party applications as necessary.</li>
<li>Design and develop technical solutions in Salesforce, extensive experience with customization on the Salesforce Lightning platform which should include: Lightning Components using the Lightning Design System framework, Apex, SOQL, and declarative platform tools (Process Builder, Lightning flows, Lightning App Builder, etc.)</li>
<li>Maintain Salesforce Data Integrity.</li>
<li>Design and build high-performance, reusable and reliable apex code with best practices.</li>
<li>Web Services development with the Salesforce API (REST/SOAP/Meta Data, etc.)&nbsp;</li>
<li>Prepare technical specifications, detailed design documents, and developing test cases.</li>
<li>Partner closely with the QA team during the build, test and UAT cycle to ensure build quality.</li>
<li>Follow SDLC processes and tools, Iterative Design &amp; Prototyping (Agile)</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>What you'll bring</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>5+ years of Salesforce development experience with Salesforce administration, Apex, Visualforce, triggers, batch Apex, Salesforce APIs, configuring Salesforce using workflows, validation rules&nbsp; and lightning flows.</li>
<li>Must have Salesforce administration skills like creating objects, fields, page layouts, lightning layouts, workflows, lightning flows, Email templates, data loader.</li>
<li>Experience with Salesforce development using Lightning Framework, Apex.</li>
<li>Experience with AURA and Lightning Web Component development.</li>
<li>Experience with web technologies including HTML, XML, CSS and JavaScript.</li>
<li>Experience writing SOQL and SOSL queries.</li>
<li>Experience with Salesforce CPQ, a plus.</li>
<li>Experience implementing Salesforce with other applications using SOAP, REST, BULK APIs.</li>
<li>Good understanding of Salesforce CRM governor limits with an ability to optimize code to respect those limits.</li>
<li>Experience in working with CD/CI DevOps tools.</li>
<li>Working knowledge in SDLC process (Waterfall and Agile) , Agile Scrum Methodology experience (Preferred).</li>
<li>Experience and desire to work in a multi-region global delivery environment</li>
<li>Strong problem solving and troubleshooting skills.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Certifications</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Salesforce Certified Administrator (Required).</li>
<li>Salesforce Platform Developer I (Required).</li>
<li>Salesforce Platform App Builder (Required).</li>
<li>Salesforce Platform Developer II (Preferred).</li>
<li>Salesforce Certified Advanced Administrator (Preferred).</li>
</ul>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">#LI-VG1<br>#LI-Hybrid</span></p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>About us:</strong>&nbsp;</p>
<p>ZoomInfo (NASDAQ: GTM) is the Go-To-Market Intelligence Platform that empowers businesses to grow faster with AI-ready insights, trusted data, and advanced automation. Its solutions provide more than 35,000 companies worldwide with a complete view of their customers, making every seller their best seller.</p>
<p>ZoomInfo is committed to protecting your privacy when you apply for jobs with us. Please review our Job Applicant <a href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1yiG-k0YX\_sW10PiJk\_xliDc3W-veJCrK/view?usp=drive\_link">Privacy Notice</a> for more details on how we handle your personal information.</p>
<p>ZoomInfo may use a software-based assessment as part of the recruitment process. More information about this tool, including the results of the most recent bias audit, is available <a href="https://www.zoominfo.com/legal/nyc-local-law-144-notice">here</a>.</p>
<p>ZoomInfo is proud to be an equal opportunity employer, hiring based on qualifications, merit, and business needs, and does not discriminate based on protected status. We welcome all applicants and are committed to providing equal employment opportunities regardless of sex, race, age, color, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, disability status, religion, protected military or veteran status, medical condition, or any other characteristic protected by applicable law. We also consider qualified candidates with criminal histories in accordance with legal requirements.</p>
<p>For Massachusetts Applicants: It is unlawful in Massachusetts to require or administer a lie detector test as a condition of employment or continued employment. An employer who violates this law shall be subject to criminal penalties and civil liability. ZoomInfo does not administer lie detector tests to applicants in any location.</p></div>