Pioneer of online flash sales since 2001 and key player in European e-commerce, Veepee collaborates with over 7,000 brands to offer highly discounted products available for a limited time. Operating across various sectors, including fashion, home, wine, travel or beauty... Veepee achieved a turnover of 3.3 billion euros incl. VAT in 2024 and employs 5,000 staff members across 10 countries.

## 📄 JOB DESCRIPTION

- *As Senior Key Account Manager at Veepee, you will ensure the best brands, the best stocks and the best prices on your portfolio.*
- *You will be pivotal in managing and expanding our strategic accounts. Your role will encompass both the acquisition of new accounts through prospection and development of existing partners.*
- *You will be the privileged contact for brands and your strong relationship skills will enable you to build powerful connections both internally and externally.*
- *You will develop brands both on local and international markets, creating European interconnections and synergies.*
- *Your key focus areas will include understanding partners needs, driving growth, and ensuring to reach portfolio targets. You will work closely with sales analysts and other internal teams to ensure partners satisfaction and contribute to the overall success of our business.*
- *If you are passionate about building meaningful brand relationships, eager to learn in an international and dynamic company, we would love to hear from you.*

## 🎯 TASKS

- Prospection (New Accounts): Identify, engage, and onboard new strategic accounts, ensuring a robust and growing client portfolio.
- Partnership & Relationship Development (Existing Accounts): Build, maintain, and deepen relationships with existing partners to ensure sustained growth and deliver the annual budget.
- Deal Negotiation : Close agreements with our brand partners by negotiating the commercial and contract conditions
- Market Knowledge: Maintain a keen understanding of market trends, competitor activities, and industry developments to enhance Veepee's market positioning.
- Sales Coordination: guarantee the internal negotiation needed with other functions to build the best solution to maximize performances (supply chain, planning, marketing,...)

## 👉 MUST HAVE SKILLS

- +5 years experience as Key Account Manager or similar role in e-commerce or Wholesales
- Bachelor’s degree in Business, Finance, Marketing, or a related field.
- You are result-oriented and have strong analytical skill
- You have a strong track record in prospection, account management and achieving sales targets
- You master communication technique and you have strong interpersonal skills
- You have excellent negotiation skills and perseverance to close deals and resolve conflicts with a proactive approach
- You are rigorous and can manage multiple tasks and deadlines simultaneously
- You are willing to learn and adapt to new challenges in a dynamic environment.
- You are a team player and can collaborate with different departments in an international environment
- You master Google Apps and Office Pack, specially Gsheet, Slides and Excel.
- You are fluent in english

## 👉 NICE TO HAVE SKILLS

- French language skills.
- Experience in Fashion, Lifestyle or Sports

## ✅ BENEFITS

- 👉 Variable bonus
- 👉 Smart Working up to 2 days/week from home
- 👉 Health Insurance
- 👉 Growth opportunities with internal academies, learning communities & digital school for languages and hard skills
- 👉 Office in Central London
- 👉Frame : 25 days of holidays + 2 days off per year (24th and 31th of December)

## ❓ TEAM, WHO WE ARE?

- As a Key Account Manager, you will be part of the Sourcing team and will support Veepee’s strategy in driving results & performance through the B2B channel.

## ⚙️ RECRUITMENT PROCESS

- 1️⃣ Interview with Recruiter
- 2️⃣ Interview with the Manager
- 3️⃣ Interview with the Team
- 4️⃣ Interview with Direction

The Veepee Group processes your data collected as part of the management of your recruitment in order to manage your application file for the position for which you have applied. To find out more about our [personal data protection policy](https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vSo1RtdSKVW0sLLtdwWOSoM3PzGXfqS030q1JrdJXDuOJXfhVwx_YLrrQYJcLQUpA/pub), we invite you to consult it on our career site.