<div class="content-intro"><p>Elastic, the Search AI Company, enables everyone to find the answers they need in real time, using all their data, at scale — unleashing the potential of businesses and people. The Elastic Search AI Platform, used by more than 50% of the Fortune 500, brings together the precision of search and the intelligence of AI to enable everyone to accelerate the results that matter. By taking advantage of all structured and unstructured data — securing and protecting private information more effectively — Elastic’s complete, cloud-based solutions for search, security, and observability help organizations deliver on the promise of AI.</p></div><p>Elastic is growing fast and looking for a highly motivated, intelligent and passionate senior recruiter to join our global talent team. You will act as a Talent Advisor to support and help grow our Field organization. You will be responsible for leading and driving the entire recruitment process for a variety of roles across Field Operations in the Asia Pacific and Japan region. Are you a creative Recruiter ready for an exciting new challenge? We would love to have you join us for the ride.</p>
<h2><strong>What You Will Do:</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Full cycle recruiting — Manage and drive the entire hiring process from sourcing to offer acceptance, craft a consistent and extraordinary hiring experience for candidates and internal client groups.</li>
<li>Participate with the global recruiting team to develop, implement and execute recruiting strategies.</li>
<li>Solidify relationships with Field leadership and serve as an advisor and partner to build healthy pipelines of stellar candidates and fill current openings.</li>
<li>Be a passionate Elastic brand ambassador before, during, and after recruitment. You will help us build our talent brand in addition to our talent pipeline.</li>
<li>Partner with other departments (Finance, Legal, etc) to drive the recruiting process.</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Required Skills and Experience</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>8+ years of sales recruiting experience</li>
<li>Demonstrable experience recruiting for a software company, start-up experience is preferred</li>
<li>Ability to effectively articulate the Elastic value proposition and story to candidates</li>
<li>Ability to cold-call and establish relationships by phone, email, and social media channels</li>
<li>Experience collaborating with and influencing senior hiring managers and executives throughout the recruiting cycle</li>
<li>Authority in direct sourcing and effective interviewing techniques</li>
<li>Working knowledge of ATS tools and recruiting technologies</li>
<li>Bilingual in both English and Japanese.</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><h2><strong>Additional Information - We Take Care of Our People</strong></h2>
<p>As a distributed company, diversity drives our identity. Whether you’re looking to launch a new career or grow an existing one, Elastic is the type of company where you can balance great work with great life. Your age is only a number. It doesn’t matter if you’re just out of college or your children are; we need you for what you can do.</p>
<p>We strive to have parity of benefits across regions and while regulations differ from place to place, we believe taking care of our people is the right thing to do.</p>
<ul>
<li>Competitive pay based on the work you do here and not your previous salary</li>
<li>Health coverage for you and your family in many locations</li>
<li>Ability to craft your calendar with flexible locations and schedules for many roles</li>
<li>Generous number of vacation days each year</li>
<li>Increase your impact - We match up to $2000 (or local currency equivalent) for financial donations and service</li>
<li>Up to 40 hours each year to use toward volunteer projects you love</li>
<li>Embracing parenthood with minimum of 16 weeks of parental leave</li>
</ul>
<p>Different people approach problems differently. We need that. Elastic is an equal opportunity employer and is committed to creating an inclusive culture that celebrates different perspectives, experiences, and backgrounds. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, ethnicity, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender perception or identity, national origin, age, marital status, protected veteran status, disability status, or any other basis protected by federal, state or local law, ordinance or regulation.</p>
<p>We welcome individuals with disabilities and strive to create an accessible and inclusive experience for all individuals. To request an accommodation during the application or the recruiting process, please email <a href="mailto:candidate\_accessibility@elastic.co" target="\_blank">candidate\_accessibility@elastic.co</a><span class="gmail\_default">.</span>&nbsp;We will reply to your request within 24 business hours of submission.</p>
<p><span style="color: #000000;">Applicants have rights under Federal Employment Laws, view posters linked below:</span> <a href="https://www.dol.gov/sites/dolgov/files/WHD/legacy/files/fmlaen.pdf" target="\_blank">Family and Medical Leave Act (FMLA)</a> <span style="color: #000000;">Poster;</span><span style="color: #000000;">&nbsp;<a href="https://www.dol.gov/sites/dolgov/files/ofccp/pdf/pay-transp\_%20English\_formattedESQA508c.pdf" target="\_blank">Pay Transparency Nondiscrimination Provision</a> Poster; </span><a href="https://www.dol.gov/sites/dolgov/files/WHD/legacy/files/eppabw.pdf" target="\_blank">Employee Polygraph Protection Act (EPPA)</a> <span style="color: #000000;">Poster and <a href="https://www.dol.gov/sites/dolgov/files/OFCCP/regs/compliance/posters/pdf/22-088\_EEOC\_KnowYourRights.pdf" target="\_blank">Know Your Rights</a> (Poster)</span></p>
<p><span style="color: #000000;">Elasticsearch develops and distributes technology and information that is subject to U.S. and other countries’ export controls and licensing requirements for individuals who are located in or are nationals of the following sanctioned countries and regions: Belarus, Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Syria, or Russia, including the Ukrainian territories annexed by Russia (The Crimea region of Ukraine, The Donetsk People's Republic (DNR), The Luhansk People's Republic (LNR), Kherson or Zaporizhzhia). If you are located in or are a national of one of the listed countries or regions, an export license may be required as a condition of your employment in this role. Please note that national origin and/or nationality do not affect eligibility for employment with Elastic.</span></p>
<p>Please see&nbsp;<a href="https://www.elastic.co/legal/applicant-privacy-statement" target="\_blank" data-saferedirecturl="https://www.google.com/url?q=https://www.elastic.co/legal/applicant-privacy-statement&amp;source=gmail&amp;ust=1611068262479000&amp;usg=AFQjCNG3orAPk5sJIr9WVm0ZDxYw82c5DA">here</a>&nbsp;for our Privacy Statement.</p></div>