<div class="content-intro"><h3>ABOUT TIDE</h3>
<p>At Tide we help SMEs save time (and money) in the running of their businesses by not only offering business accounts and related banking services, but also a comprehensive set of highly usable and connected administrative solutions from invoicing to accounting.</p>
<p>Tide is transforming the small business banking market with over 1.8 million members globally across the UK, India, Germany and France.</p>
<p>Using advanced technology, all solutions are designed with SMEs in mind. With quick onboarding, low fees and innovative features, we thrive on making data-driven decisions to serve our mission: to help SMEs save both time (and money) so they can get back to doing what they love.</p>
<p><strong>Tide facts:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Tide is available for UK, Indian, German and French SMEs</li>
<li>Over 1.8 million members: 800,000 UK and 1,000,000 in India and growing rapidly</li>
<li>Over $300 million raised in funding</li>
<li>Over 2,500 Tideans globally - we’re diversity champions!</li>
<li>We have offices in Central London, with a member support and technology centre in Sofia, Bulgaria, technology centres in Serbia, Romania, Lithuania and Hyderabad and offices in Gurugram and New Delhi, and in Berlin, Paris and Luxembourg.</li>
</ul></div><h2><strong>A</strong><strong>BOUT TIDE:</strong></h2>
<p>At Tide, we are building a finance platform designed to save small businesses time and money. We provide our members with business accounts and related banking services, but also a comprehensive set of connected administrative solutions from invoicing to accounting.</p>
<p>Launched in 2017, Tide is now used by over <strong>1 million small businesses</strong> across the world and is available to UK, Indian and German SMEs. Headquartered in central London, with offices in Sofia, Hyderabad, Delhi, Berlin and Belgrade, Tide employs over 2,000 employees.&nbsp;&nbsp;</p>
<p>Tide is rapidly growing, expanding into new markets and always looking for passionate and driven people. Join us in our mission to empower small businesses and help them save time and money.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;</p>
<h2><strong>ABOUT THE TEAM:&nbsp;</strong></h2>
<p>The Information Technology (IT) team is the backbone of our organisation, ensuring the seamless and secure operation of our technology. Our mission is to empower employees by providing reliable and innovative IT solutions that enable them to achieve their goals efficiently. We are dedicated to maintaining a robust and secure infrastructure, proactively addressing technical challenges, and offering exceptional support to foster a digitally driven and collaborative work environment.</p>
<p>The IT team plays a crucial role in managing our technology infrastructure, from resolving hardware and software issues to overseeing application updates and integrations, and monitoring SaaS applications, web traffic, and access to ensure a secure environment. We are committed to minimising disruptions and ensuring uninterrupted access to essential resources through proactive support and timely resolutions</p>
<h2><strong>ABOUT THE ROLE:&nbsp;</strong></h2>
<p>As <strong>Senior IT Enablement Engineer,</strong> you will be responsible for ensuring a seamless, secure, and scalable IT Experience across our global workforce, hybrid workforce. You’ll take an active role in technical execution, working with a high performing team that supports our employees across locations.</p>
<p>You’ll oversee day-to-day IT Service delivery, infrastructure reliability, and user support, while also looking at automations, process improvements, and cross-functional collaboration. Working closely with Workplace, Security, People Ops and Engineering teams, you’ll ensure that technology empowers our employees to do their best work-whether they’re in office or remote.</p>
<p><strong>Key Responsibilities:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Support IT operations for both in-office and remote teams, ensuring a smooth, efficient , and high-quality service delivery</li>
<li>Site lead for the office location</li>
<li>Oversee IT infrastructure and endpoint management systems, including Intune, Jamf, SSO, MDM and core SaaS platforms, ensuring system availability and performance</li>
<li>Manage and maintain office audiovisual (AV) equipment, ensuring high availability and a seamless user experience for conference rooms, digital signage, and internal events</li>
<li>Manage IT assets, including procurement, life cycle tracking, audit support, provisioning, and secure decommissioning of devices and IT resources</li>
<li>Ensure seamless employee experience by overseeing onboarding, offboarding and device management workflows, collaborating closely with People Ops and Security teams</li>
<li>Collaborate with cross-functional teams, such as Engineering, Workplace and Security, to ensure alignment on technology initiatives, security policies, and operational improvements</li>
<li>Support automation and process efficiency, identifying and implementing opportunities to reduce manual work and enhance support through automation tools, scripting and system integrations</li>
<li>Participate in the on-call rotation to provide after-hours technical support as required</li>
<li>Ensure compliance with company policies, security protocols and industry best standards, supporting audits, risk assessments and security posture improvements</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>What Makes You a Great Fit?</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Proven track record in IT support operations across engineering, support, and site services, ensuring reliability and efficiency at scale</li>
<li>Experience of ITIL-based processes to drive standardisation, reduce operational noise, and improve service delivery</li>
<li>Skilled in balancing day-to-day operational demands through ITSM tools such as Jira</li>
<li>Hands-on expertise with modern IT tools including Microsoft Intune, Meraki Wireless Networks, Jamf</li>
<li>Experienced Windows and Mac device and application trouble shooting&nbsp;</li>
<li>G-Suite and MS-Office support skills</li>
<li>Exposure to Github and Terraform, with focus on Infrastructure as Code(IaC)</li>
<li>Experiences in driving automation initiatives to eliminate respective tasks and streamline support operations</li>
<li>Adept at building clear workflows and documentation</li>
<li>Effective communicator with both technical teams and non-technical teams from all levels.</li>
<li>Passionate about enabling productivity, scalability and a seamless end-user experience through strong IT foundations</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>TIDE IS A PLACE FOR EVERYONE</strong></h2>
<p>At Tide, we believe that we can only succeed if we let our differences enrich our culture. Our Tideans come from a variety of backgrounds and experience levels. We consider everyone irrespective of their ethnicity, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, family or parental status, national origin, veteran, neurodiversity or differently-abled status. We celebrate diversity in our workforce as a cornerstone of our success. Our commitment to a broad spectrum of ideas and backgrounds is what enables us to build products that resonate with our members’ diverse needs and lives.&nbsp;</p>
<p>We are One Team and foster a transparent and inclusive environment, where everyone’s voice is heard.</p>
<p>#LI-MP1</p><div class="content-conclusion"><h3>TIDE IS A PLACE FOR EVERYONE</h3>
<p>At Tide, we believe that we can only succeed if we let our differences enrich our culture. Our Tideans come from a variety of backgrounds and experience levels. We consider everyone irrespective of their ethnicity, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, family or parental status, national origin, veteran, neurodiversity or differently-abled status. We celebrate diversity in our workforce as a cornerstone of our success. Our commitment to a broad spectrum of ideas and backgrounds is what enables us to build products that resonate with our members’ diverse needs and lives.&nbsp;</p>
<p>We are One Team and foster a transparent and inclusive environment, where everyone’s voice is heard.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><em>At Tide, we thrive on diversity, embracing various backgrounds and experiences. We welcome all individuals regardless of ethnicity, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, or disability. Our inclusive culture is key to our success, helping us build products that meet our members' diverse needs. We are One Team, committed to transparency and ensuring everyone’s voice is heard.</em></p>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section">&nbsp;</div>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section"><strong>Disclaimer</strong></div>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section">&nbsp;</div>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section"><em>It has come to our attention that individuals or agencies are falsely claiming to represent Tide and are reaching out to candidates regarding job opportunities. Please be aware that:</em></div>
<ul class="p-rich\_text\_list p-rich\_text\_list\_\_bullet p-rich\_text\_list--nested" data-stringify-type="unordered-list" data-list-tree="true" data-indent="0" data-border="0">
<li style="font-style: italic;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><em>Tide does&nbsp;<strong data-stringify-type="bold">not</strong>&nbsp;charge any fees at any stage of the recruitment process.</em></li>
<li style="font-style: italic;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><em>All official Tide job opportunities are listed exclusively on our&nbsp;<a href="https://www.tide.co/careers/" target="\_blank"><strong data-stringify-type="bold">Careers Page</strong></a>&nbsp;and applications should be submitted through this channel.</em></li>
<li style="font-style: italic;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><em>Communication from Tide will only come from an official&nbsp;<strong data-stringify-type="bold">@tide</strong><strong data-stringify-type="bold">.co</strong>&nbsp;email address.</em></li>
<li style="font-style: italic;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><em>Tide does not work with agencies or recruiters without prior formal engagement, and we do not authorize third parties to make job offers on our behalf.</em></li>
</ul>
<p><em>If you are contacted by anyone misrepresenting Tide or requesting payment, please treat it as fraudulent and report it to us immediately at <a href="mailto:talent@tide.co" target="\_blank">talent@tide.co</a><br>Your safety and trust are important to us, and we are committed to ensuring a fair and transparent recruitment process.</em></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><em><em data-stringify-type="italic">Tide leverages AI to enhance our hiring experience. You can read more about how we use AI in our recruitment process in our <a href="https://assets.ctfassets.net/3h69mkdgxn20/5MFtWSdG8YLKq3jZkK52NY/3f18633073e6cdbd03bba4b9791c64f4/Using\_AI\_throughout\_the\_Hiring\_Process.pdf" target="\_blank">AI Policy</a>.</em></em></p>
<p><em><em data-stringify-type="italic">Your personal data will be processed by Tide for recruitment purposes and in accordance with </em><em data-stringify-type="italic"><a class="c-link" href="https://assets.ctfassets.net/3h69mkdgxn20/4TE0uAE3SXomATDVneocNA/aa31893960b4064dd406ad15d029dcd3/Recruitment\_Privacy\_Notice.pdf" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://assets.ctfassets.net/3h69mkdgxn20/1MYf6q4ZMWugpeaROVETBN/526e9c160a2de03576413c81657c6466/Recruitment\_Privacy\_Notice\_\_Final\_Draft\_\_Sep\_2024\_.pdf" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">Tide's Recruitment Privacy Notice</a></em><em data-stringify-type="italic">.</em></em></p></div>