<div class="content-intro"><p>Fastly helps people stay better connected with the things they love. Fastly’s edge cloud platform enables customers to create great digital experiences quickly, securely, and reliably by processing, serving, and securing our customers’ applications as close to their end-users as possible — at the edge of the Internet. The platform is designed to take advantage of the modern internet, to be programmable, and to support agile software development. Fastly’s customers include many of the world’s most prominent companies, including GitHub, Yelp, Paramount, and JetBlue.</p>
<p>We're building a more trustworthy Internet. Come join us.</p></div><p><strong>Senior Accountant</strong></p>
<p>We’re looking for a proactive and detail-oriented Senior Accountant to join our Accounting team. In this role, you’ll support Fixed Asset and Internal Use Software accounting.&nbsp; You’ll play a key part in maintaining accurate financial records through report preparation, reconciliations, and variance analysis with an emphasis on SOX-compliant processes.</p>
<p>This is a great opportunity for someone who proactively communicates progress and takes ownership of their deliverables. You’ll be part of a collaborative and technically savvy team that values continuous learning and operational excellence.</p>
<p><strong>What You'll Do:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Support Fixed Asset and Internal Use Software accounting including: generating reports, creating templates for transferring fixed assets into the subledger, reviewing reports for completeness and accuracy, preparing reconciliations, and preparing variance analysis.</li>
<li>Extract, compile, and validate data from NetSuite and other systems used to support reconciliations, reporting, and close deliverables</li>
<li>Maintain organized workpapers and documentation that support SOX-compliant controls and audit readiness</li>
<li>Collaborate with other members of the Accounting team to gather required inputs, track open items, and ensure timely completion of close deliverables</li>
<li>Proactively communicate task status, escalate issues when needed, and ensure work is prepared accurately and ready for hand off to or review by teammates based in the U.S.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>What We're Looking For:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Bachelor’s degree in Accounting or related field</li>
<li>3-5+ years of experience in corporate or public accounting</li>
<li>Detail-oriented, well-organized, and dependable</li>
<li>Strong Excel skills (XLOOKUP, pivot tables)</li>
<li>Ability to follow documented processes and maintain well-organized workpapers in a structured close environment</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>We’ll be super impressed if you have experience in any of these:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>
<p>Experience with NetSuite, FloQast, Coupa, and G-Suite</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Work Hours:</strong> This position will require you to work during scheduled hours from 2:00 pm - 11:00 pm IST&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Work Location(s) &amp; Travel Requirements:</strong>&nbsp;</p>
<p>This position has one opening and can be hired in the following preferred office locations:</p>
<ul>
<li>
<p>Pune, India</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p>Fastly currently embraces a largely hybrid model for most roles which allows employees flexibility to split their time between the office and home.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Benefits:</strong>&nbsp;</p>
<p>We care about you. Fastly works hard to create a positive environment for our employees, and we think your life outside of work is important too. We support our teams with great benefits that start on the first day of your employment with Fastly. Curious about our offerings?&nbsp;</p>
<p>We offer a comprehensive benefits package designed to meet your needs. Our offerings may vary depending on the country where you work and are subject to change.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>Why Fastly?</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>
<p><strong>We have a huge impact.</strong>&nbsp;Fastly is a small company with a big reach. Not only do<a class="external-link" href="https://www.fastly.com/customers" target="\_blank">&nbsp;our customers</a>&nbsp;have a tremendous user base, but we also support a growing number of<a class="external-link" href="https://www.fastly.com/open-source/" target="\_blank">&nbsp;open source projects and initiatives</a>.&nbsp;Outside of code, employees are encouraged to share causes close to their heart with others so we can help lend a supportive hand.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p><strong>We value diversity.</strong>&nbsp;Growing and maintaining our inclusive and diverse team matters to us. We are committed to being a company where our employees feel comfortable bringing their authentic selves to work and have the ability to be successful -- every day.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p><strong>We are passionate.</strong>&nbsp;Fastly is chock full of passionate people and we’re not ‘one size fits all’. Fastly employs authors, pilots, skiers, parents (of humans and animals), makeup geeks, coffee connoisseurs, and more. We love employees for who they are and what they are passionate about.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>We’re always looking for humble, sharp, and creative folks to join the Fastly team. If you think you might be a fit please apply!</strong><strong> A fully completed application and resume or CV are required when applying.</strong></p>
<p><em>All job applications must be submitted through our official careers site at </em><a href="http://www.fastly.com/careers"><em>www.fastly.com/about/careers</em></a><em>. We will never request sensitive information, such as your Social Security number, bank account or credit card information during the application process. All official communication will come from an @</em><a href="http://fastly.com"><em>fastly.com</em></a><em> or @</em><a href="http://recruiting.fastly.com"><em>recruiting.fastly.com</em></a><em> email address. </em></p>
<p><em><span style="font-weight: 400;">Fastly is committed to ensuring equal employment opportunity and to providing employees with a safe and welcoming work environment free of discrimination and harassment. Our employment decisions are based on business needs, job requirements and individual qualifications.</span></em><em><span style="font-weight: 400;"> All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, family or parental status, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances.</span></em></p>
<p><em><span style="font-weight: 400;">Consistent with the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) and federal or state disability laws, Fastly will provide reasonable accommodations for applicants and employees with disabilities. If reasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and/or to receive other benefits and privileges of employment, please contact your Recruiter, or the Fastly Employee Relations team at </span></em><a href="mailto:candidateaccommodations@fastly.com"><em><span style="font-weight: 400;">candidateaccommodations@fastly.com</span></em></a><em><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or 501-287-4901.&nbsp; </span></em></p>
<p><em>Fastly collects and processes personal data submitted by job applicants in accordance with our<a class="external-link" href="https://www.fastly.com/privacy" target="\_blank">&nbsp;Privacy Policy</a>. Please see our<a class="external-link" href="https://www.fastly.com/privacy-job-applicants" target="\_blank">&nbsp;privacy notice for job applicants</a>.</em></p></div>