CaptivateIQ is transforming the way companies plan, manage, and optimize sales performance. We started by revolutionizing incentive compensation management, and now we're expanding our platform to solve broader sales planning challenges. Recognized by industry analysts like Forrester and G2 and backed by top-tier investors, including Sequoia, ICONIQ, Accel, and Sapphire Ventures,  we empower high-growth companies like Netflix, Figma, and Stripe with the flexibility and insights needed to drive revenue performance.

Join a talented, fast-growing team committed to solving some of the most complex and impactful problems in sales performance management.

**About the Role**

Behind every great software company is the team building it. We are an engineering team of multicultural, highly collaborative, fully distributed, humble learners. We pride ourselves on building best-in-class products powered by innovative technologies.

You will be a crucial member of our Customer Data Engineering (CDE) team. The CDE team’s mission is to empowering customers to unlock the full potential of CaptivateIQ’s products by building and managing their custom data integrations.  As an engineer on the CDE team, you’ll have the ability to make a significant impact on the the success of our customer’s product implementations.

## Responsibilities

- Lead, inspire, and grow a distributed data engineering team, fostering a culture of high trust and psychological safety.
- Develop engineering talent through effective coaching, mentorship, and performance management, with a focus on growing senior and staff-level engineers.
- Own the end-to-end delivery and operational excellence of customer data integrations, ensuring they are reliable and secure at scale.
- Design and implement customer data integrations using IPaaS platforms like Workato, Boomi, or MuleSoft.
- Write and optimize advanced SQL (Snowflake) — including DDL, DML, CTEs, UDFs, and JSON transformations — to power analytics and automation.
- Build and maintain software for orchestration of customer data integrations utilizing web APIs and IPaaS connectors to seamlessly exchange data between CaptivateIQ and our customers.
- Ensure customer integrations are secure, testable, fault-tolerant, and designed for long-term maintainability.
- Collaborate with Sales Engineering and Product during discovery and scoping to advise on technical feasibility and data architecture approaches.
- Build relationships with product engineering to ensure scalability and management of our customer data integrations as customer usage grows.
- Translate customer business needs into the technical requirements and solution.

## Requirements

- A strong (7+ years of experience) background in software and/or data engineering
- Proven experience working with data pipelines at scale and knowledge of data engineering technologies, such as Snowflake
- Strong proficiency in Python and SQL proficiency
- High sense of ownership and a strong growth mindset; you are a collaborative, humble learner who can thrive in a fast-paced environment.

## Nice to have

- You’ve previously operated in a customer facing role.
- Experience configuring and troubleshooting SSO (SAML, OIDC) and SCIM provisioning across Okta, Entra (Azure AD), and OneLogin environments.
- Hands-on experience with setting up modern data stacks (ETL, data warehouses, DBT, reverse ETL)

## Benefits:

- Comprehensive Healthcare: 100% coverage for medical, dental, and vision for all FTEs, with roughly 75% coverage for dependents.
- Flexible Time Off: Flexible vacation days plus quarterly mental health days to ensure you have the space to recharge.
- Annual Stipends: Dedicated funds for your professional development and caretaking needs.
- Work Anniversary Bonuses: Annual bonuses to celebrate your milestones and contributions to the CaptivateIQ team that grow as your tenure does.
- Retirement Savings (US-Only): A 401(k) plan to help you invest in and secure your future.
- Premium Tools: The latest Apple hardware to empower you to do your best work.
- Inclusive Community: Active Employee Resource Groups (ERGs) that celebrate shared identities and support our DEI goals by fostering an environment where diverse talent thrives.

## Notice to Prospective Candidates:

- Only emails from @captivateiq.com should be trusted.
- We are aware of active recruitment scams using the CaptivateIQ name, in which individuals pose as our recruiters and post fake remote job openings and make fake job offers on the Internet. Please note, we will never do the following:Attempt to correspond with a candidate using a free web-based account, such as an email address that ends in @gmail.com, @yahoo.com, @hotmail.com, etc.
- Make an offer of employment without conducting multiple rounds of interviews face-to-face using secure video-conferencing technology.
- Ask candidates to cash checks to buy equipment on behalf of CaptivateIQ.
- Ask candidates to make a payment in order to be considered for a position.
- Make early requests for candidates' personal information such as date of birth, passport details, credit card numbers, bank details and social security number, etc.
- Please note that we’ll only ask for more sensitive personal information in connection with background checks after an offer is made.
- Participate in an on-call rotation to provide after-hours support, ensuring timely resolution of critical issues and maintaining system uptime.

*CaptivateIQ participates in E-Verify, web-based system that allows enrolled employers to confirm the eligibility of their employees to work in the United States.*