<div class="content-intro"><p><strong>Who We Are:</strong></p>
<p>Alpaca is a US-headquartered self-clearing broker-dealer and brokerage infrastructure for stocks, ETFs, options, crypto, fixed income, 24/5 trading, and more. Our&nbsp;<a href="https://alpaca.markets/blog/alpaca-raises-150-million-at-a-1-15b-valuation-to-build-the-global-standard-for-brokerage-infrastructure/">recent Series D funding round</a> brought our total investment to over $320 million, fueling our ambitious vision.</p>
<p>Amongst our subsidiaries, Alpaca is a licensed financial services company, serving hundreds of financial institutions across 40 countries with our institutional-grade APIs. This includes broker-dealers, investment advisors, wealth managers, hedge funds, and crypto exchanges, totalling over 9 million brokerage accounts.</p>
<p>Our global team is a diverse group of experienced engineers, traders, and brokerage professionals who are working to achieve our mission of&nbsp;<strong>opening financial services to everyone on the planet</strong>. We're deeply committed to open-source contributions and fostering a vibrant community, continuously enhancing our award-winning, developer-friendly API and the robust infrastructure behind it.</p>
<p>Alpaca is proudly backed by top-tier global investors, including Portage Ventures, Spark Capital, Tribe Capital, Social Leverage, Horizons Ventures, Unbound, SBI Group, Derayah Financial, Elefund, and Y Combinator.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Our Team Members:</strong></p>
<p>We're a dynamic team of 230+ globally distributed members who thrive working from our favorite places around the world, with teammates spanning the USA, Canada, Japan, Hungary, Nigeria, Brazil, the UK, and beyond!<br><br>We're searching for passionate individuals eager to contribute to Alpaca's rapid growth. If you align with our core values—Stay Curious, Have Empathy, and Be Accountable—and are ready to make a significant impact, we encourage you to apply.</p></div><p><strong>Your Role:</strong></p>
<p>As a Sr. Sales Engineer at Alpaca, you will be the go-to expert for all products and services offered to our partners. Your role is to leverage your technical skills, excellent communication, and creative problem-solving abilities to support the sales process for Alpaca's growing suite of products and services. You will focus on expanding our base of enterprise partners within your assigned territory.</p>
<p><strong>Things you get to do:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Serve as the product and technical subject matter expert, capable of thoroughly understanding and articulating all aspects of the Alpaca platform to diverse audiences and stakeholders</li>
<li>Serve as a regional market-specific expert in regulations, compliance, and jurisdictional requirements</li>
<li>Comfortable working with senior leaders and C-level executives</li>
<li>Collaborate closely with the Sales and Customer Success teams, providing essential technical advisory and product expertise throughout the client lifecycle.</li>
<li>Present compelling product and technical use cases to prospective clients, while building trust and confidence in Alpaca's technical capabilities.</li>
<li>Translate complex business and technical requirements into clear, simple solutions</li>
<li>Create sales support materials and documentation for new features and products</li>
<li>Own technical sales engagement end-to-end: discovery calls, solution validation, RFPs, and questionnaires that win deals</li>
<li>Lead demo strategy and execution, creating technical narratives that convert prospects into customers</li>
<li>Travel as needed to support sales activities and customer engagements</li>
<li>Stay updated on internal product development timelines and work closely with the product team to test and roll out new features to partners&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Who you are (must-haves):</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Excited by the prospect of working in a startup environment, the ideal candidate is a self-starter who will take the lead in defining new processes where appropriate&nbsp;</li>
<li>5+ years in a Sales Engineering, Solutions Engineering, Technical consulting, Technical Product Management or Partner Engineering client-facing role, with experience working at API or SaaS-first companies.</li>
<li>Strong technical background, including hands-on experience working with APIs, WebSockets, Postman, Grafana and JSON</li>
<li>Superior verbal and written communication skills in English are essential for driving clarity on goals, setting expectations, and effectively collecting feedback from clients</li>
<li>You must be able to translate complex technical concepts into simple, understandable terms</li>
<li>Proven ability to manage multiple assignments simultaneously, work independently and drive projects to completion with minimum guidance and close attention to detail&nbsp;</li>
<li>Proficiency in speaking Korean</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>You’ll be a rockstar 🤩, if you have:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Experience working at a Broker-Dealer or FinTech company</li>
<li>Closing <strong>Enterprise</strong> deals alongside AEs</li>
<li>Securities Industry Essentials (SIE) and or Series 7</li>
<li>Familiarity with Metabase</li>
<li>Experience working with Coast (demo software)</li>
<li>Excited to learn more about the securities industry</li>
<li>Experience working with FIX eXchange protocol&nbsp;</li>
<li>Experience working with OpenAPI, ReadMe and documentation</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><h3><strong>How We Take Care of You:</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: 400; text-align: justify;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Competitive Salary &amp; Stock Options</span></li>
<li style="text-align: justify;">Health Benefits</li>
<li style="font-weight: 400; text-align: justify;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">New Hire Home-Office Setup: One-time USD $500</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400; text-align: justify;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Monthly Stipend: USD $150 per month via a Brex Card</span></li>
</ul>
<p><em><span style="font-weight: 400;">Alpaca is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace dedicated to pursuing and hiring a diverse workforce.<br></span></em></p>
<p><span style="font-size: 8pt;"><a href="https://files.alpaca.markets/disclosures/AlpacaRecruitmentPrivacyPolicy.pdf"><em><span style="font-weight: 400;">Recruitment Privacy Policy</span></em></a></span></p></div>