Position Summary Do you keep thinking, there's got to be a better way for a nurse to contribute to healthcare?

Are you a nurse who wants to be part of revolutionizing medicine?

We are looking for TRULY EXCEPTIONAL Nurses to join our cutting -edge innovative team. As

a team member working in our fast -paced Worthington, OH call center environment you will be

responsible for working with patients, providers, and plan sponsors to meet the patient's health

needs through communication and available resources to promote quality cost -effective

outcomes via the telephonic medical management process.

This position might be the perfect opportunity if you: • Like to solve problems and thrive on a challenge. • Enjoy that no 2 days are the same and keeping busy is a must. • Are comfortable researching an answer that you don't already know. • Are looking for more autonomy in a supportive environment. • Are ready for more balance in your life (think banker's hours!!) • Are a nurse who enjoys continuously learning and advancing your skill set to help patients in a

different way.

If you are looking for the corporate vibe - this is NOT for you, but if you are looking for a family - centered company that truly values you as a person, this may be the ideal fit

Essential Duties and Responsibilities • Excellent telephonic communication skills. • Typing 35+ wpm with minimal mistakes. • Computer savvy - tech skills will be tested as part of the interview process. • Ability to multitask simultaneous talking and typing. • Ability to follow multi -step processes and decision -making flow charts. • Dependability, accountability, trustworthiness. • Self-starter, comfortable with independent study and on -the-job training. • Ability to work both independently and within a team. • Ability to work in our Worthington, OH call center - this is not a telecommuting position!

Marginal Functions

Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities • Personal qualities of integrity and credibility. • Must be able to work individually and as part of a team. • Must be able to use the utmost discretion in all presentations/correspondence and communication for staff, clients and the CEO. • Intermediate (or higher) knowledge of Microsoft Office and Adobe. • Work requires professional written and verbal communication and interpersonal skills. • Strong organization skills with the ability to multi -task and prioritize to meet stated deadlines • Knowledge of employee benefits, compliance, and some payroll

Required Education & Experience • At least 3 years of bedside clinical experience.

Required Licenses and/or Certifications • Current licensure as a Licensed Practical Nurse.

Company Perks • Growing business. • Paid holidays off. • Generous PTO plan. • Health benefits. • 401k with company match. • Caregiver support platform • Relaxed/casual dress code. • Business office / call center environment (no hands -on bedside care). • New challenges and learning opportunities DAILY – never boring! • A chance to make a real difference in the lives of your patients

Physical , Mental, & Communication Demands Physical Read Only The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this position. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the f unctions.

· Frequently required to sit; occasionally required to stand and walk. · Specific vision abilities required include close vision, color vision, and ability to adjust focus. · Frequently required to talk and hear. · Moderate concentration/intensity, which includes prolonged mental effort.

#VensureEmployerSolutions

#LI-PROMOTED

#LI-Onsite