<p data-pm-slice="0 0 []">JetBrains creates tools that make professional software development a more productive and enjoyable experience for programmers worldwide.</p>
<p>Our .NET and game dev tools include ReSharper (an extension for Microsoft Visual Studio and VS Code-like editors), Rider (a standalone cross-platform .NET and game dev IDE), and a family of profilers and code coverage tools, including dotCover, dotMemory, dotTrace, and dotPeek. Marketing such a diverse family of tools is challenging, as it combines working with huge enterprises and small game dev studios, promoting a mature product together with its up-and-coming younger siblings, and driving the adoption of IDEs for daily use along with specialized profiling tools that users launch only a few times a year.</p>
<p>We create tons of content that serves marketing, educational, and promotional goals. Our dedicated team of developer advocates, technical writers, and marketing specialists collaborates with product developers to work on concise and useful guides, tutorials, landing pages, printed materials, and other assets.</p>
<p>We are looking for a passionate, creative, and open-minded person with excellent writing, video creation, and speaking skills to join and strengthen our marketing team and help us with content creation.</p>
<h3>As part of our team, you will:</h3>
<ul data-tight="true">
<li>
<p>Work closely with the development team, product managers, and product marketing managers to determine the most important features of the product.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Create content like blog posts, videos, tutorials, screencasts, sample code, livestreams, and more. The content will be a mixture of product promotion with a strong focus on telling the story of how JetBrains products can help developers solve real problems.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Create, revise, and restructure a wide range of content on our websites, driving demand for the product.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Teach people how to use technologies and JetBrains tools.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Analyze the needs of both new and experienced users and help them learn to use the product efficiently.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<h3>We will be happy to have you on our team if you have:</h3>
<ul data-tight="true">
<li>
<p>A profound understanding of the software development lifecycle, popular development practices, and the tools used.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Knowledge of at least one programming language.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>The ability to learn new technologies and grasp concepts quickly.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Excellent communication skills, especially the ability to tell a compelling story about a technology.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Fluency in both spoken and written English.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Attention to detail and a self-motivated approach.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<h3>We will be especially thrilled if you have:</h3>
<ul data-tight="true">
<li>
<p>A technical background or experience working in a software development team (especially in the .NET or game development areas).</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Experience working as a content creator or developer advocate.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Familiarity with JetBrains products.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p>If you have a portfolio of various content examples, both text and screencasts, please submit it with your application.</p>
<p><span style="color: rgb(255, 255, 255);">#LI-DNI<br><span style="color: rgb(236, 240, 241);">#LI-DNI</span><br></span></p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>We are an equal opportunity employer</strong><br><br>We know great ideas can come from anyone, anywhere. That’s why we do our best to create an open and inclusive workplace – one that welcomes everyone regardless of their background, identity, religion, age, accessibility needs, or orientation.</p>
<p><em data-stringify-type="italic">We process the data provided in your job application in accordance with the <a href="https://www.jetbrains.com/legal/docs/privacy/privacy-recruitment/">Recruitment Privacy Policy.</a></em></p></div>