<p>MongoDB is growing and gaining adoption rapidly across the globe with the most demanding and innovative companies and development teams in enterprise software.&nbsp;</p>
<p>We are seeking an exceptional Principal Technologist to join our team. This pivotal role will be responsible for driving the adoption of MongoDB among our most strategic customers by engaging senior technical leadership to position MongoDB as the ideal solution for modernizing legacy applications and building modern, GenAI applications.</p>
<p>This role can be based out of remotely in the APAC region.</p>
<h3>Key Responsibilities</h3>
<ul>
<li>Engage and influence executives and technical decision-makers at Fortune 1000 companies and create awareness and understanding of our products</li>
<li>Aligned with Sales, work with our Strategic Developer Relations team (comprised of senior engineers with deep MongoDB experience) to develop and deliver technical engagements and targeted education sessions</li>
<li>Develop and maintain deep technical expertise in MongoDB's product and solutions as well as industry trends and competitors' offerings</li>
<li>Gather feedback and assess customer sentiment to influence product roadmap and advocate for our customers</li>
<li>Represent MongoDB at industry conferences, trade shows, and technical events.</li>
<li>Contribute to thought leadership through blog posts, whitepapers, and speaking engagements.</li>
</ul>
<h3>Qualifications</h3>
<ul>
<li>10+ years of technical consulting experience in Principal-level roles in Solutions Architecture, Developer Advocacy, Software Architecture, or Enterprise Consulting</li>
<li>Recognized technical leader with deep hands-on experience implementing enterprise-scale RDBMS, MongoDB, or other database solutions</li>
<li>Proven track record of enterprise project ownership and team leadership, preferably in modernization initiatives involving migration of legacy database technology platforms (e.g., Oracle, DB2, Sybase, etc.)</li>
<li>Excellent communication and presentation skills, with the ability to explain complex technical concepts to both technical and non-technical audiences</li>
<li>Strong understanding of database architectures, distributed systems, and cloud computing concepts, with experience in distributed systems design, including scalability, fault tolerance, and consistency models</li>
<li>Experience in performance tuning, scalability, and high availability designs for large-scale database implementations</li>
<li>Familiarity with modern application development frameworks and current proficiency with at least one of: Java, C#, Python</li>
<li>Bachelor's or advanced degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or related field, or equivalent experience</li>
</ul>
<h3>Additional Requirements</h3>
<ul>
<li>There are two components to the role: in-person engagements and the ability to scale your influence through published content. We are looking for someone that can travel extensively (up to 50% of the time), but an outsized online presence can mitigate against this need for travel</li>
<li>Exceptional problem-solving skills and the ability to think strategically</li>
<li>Excellent interpersonal skills and the ability to build and nurture relationships with C-level executives and senior technical decision-makers</li>
</ul>
<h3>About MongoDB</h3>
<p>MongoDB is built for change, empowering our customers and our people to innovate at the speed of the market. We have redefined the database for the AI era, enabling innovators to create, transform, and disrupt industries with software. MongoDB’s unified database platform—the most widely available, globally distributed database on the market—helps organizations modernize legacy workloads, embrace innovation, and unleash AI. Our cloud-native platform, MongoDB Atlas, is the only globally distributed, multi-cloud database and is available across AWS, Google Cloud, and Microsoft Azure.</p>
<p>With offices worldwide and nearly 60,000 customers—including 75% of the Fortune 100 and AI-native startups—relying on MongoDB for their most important applications, we’re powering the next era of software.</p>
<p>Our compass at MongoDB is our <a href="https://www.mongodb.com/company">Leadership Commitment,</a> guiding how and why we make decisions, show up for each other, and win. It’s what makes us MongoDB.&nbsp;</p>
<p>To drive the personal growth and business impact of our employees, we’re committed to developing a supportive and enriching culture for everyone. <a href="https://www.mongodb.com/company/blog/culture/employee-benefits-that-make-a-difference-at-mongodb">From employee affinity groups, to fertility assistance and a generous parental leave policy</a>, we value our employees’ wellbeing and want to support them along every step of their professional and personal journeys.<a href="https://www.mongodb.com/blog/channel/culture"> Learn more about what it’s like to work at MongoDB</a>, and help us make an impact on the world!</p>
<p>MongoDB is committed to providing any necessary accommodations for individuals with disabilities within our application and interview process. To request an accommodation due to a disability, please inform your recruiter.</p>
<p>MongoDB is an equal opportunities employer.</p>
<p><em>Req ID - 4253000823</em></p>