<div class="content-intro"><h2><strong>Be Part of Building the Future</strong></h2>
<p>Dremio is the unified lakehouse platform for self-service analytics and AI, serving hundreds of global enterprises, including Maersk, Amazon, Regeneron, NetApp, and S&amp;P Global. Customers rely on Dremio for cloud, hybrid, and on-prem lakehouses to power their data mesh, data warehouse migration, data virtualization, and unified data access use cases. Based on open source technologies, including Apache Iceberg and Apache Arrow, Dremio provides an open lakehouse architecture enabling the fastest time to insight and platform flexibility at a fraction of the cost.&nbsp; Learn more at&nbsp;<a class="c-link" href="http://www.dremio.com/" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="http://www.Dremio.com" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">www.dremio.com.</a></p></div><p><strong><em>Thank you for your interest in Dremio! If you've found yourself here, we're guessing that means you may not have found your perfect match in our currently available opportunities just yet. That's okay! Let's keep in touch for opportunities to make waves together in the future. Let us know what areas and/or roles you're interested in and we'll let you know when an opportunity that aligns with your interests and professional experience is available.</em></strong></p><div class="content-conclusion"><h3><strong>What we value&nbsp;</strong></h3>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">At Dremio, we hold ourselves to high standards when it comes to People, Thinking, and Action. Our Gnarlies (that's what we call our employees) communicate with clarity, drive accountability, and are respectful towards each other. We confront brutal facts and focus on results while operating with a sense of urgency and building a "flywheel". People who like to jump in and drive momentum will thrive in our #GnarlyLife.</span></p>
<p><em><span style="font-weight: 400;">Dremio is an equal opportunity employer supporting workforce diversity. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender identity, sexual orientation, age, marital status, protected veteran status, disability status, or any other unlawful factor.</span></em></p>
<p><em><span style="font-weight: 400;">Dremio is committed to providing any necessary accommodations for individuals with disabilities within our application and interview process. To request accommodation due to a disability, please inform your recruiter.</span></em></p>
<p><em><span style="font-weight: 400;">Dremio has policies in place to protect the personal information that employees and applicants disclose to us. Please click </span></em><a href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/1CB96QFmOX-bFy48YFOe2GO5lmdawOpKKBj8DpTgsuNg/edit?usp=sharing"><em><span style="font-weight: 400;">here</span></em></a><em><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to review the privacy notice.&nbsp;</span></em></p>
<h3><strong>Important Security Notice for Candidates</strong></h3>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">At Dremio, we uphold trust and transparency as paramount values in all our interactions with customers, partners, employees, and the general public. We have been targeted by individuals creating fake domains similar to ours to scam prospects and candidates. Please note that all official communications from us will be from an @dremio.com domain. If you suspect you've been targeted by a scam, it's imperative to report the incident to your local law enforcement agencies. For more information about this type of scam, please refer to Dremio's official statement&nbsp;<a href="https://www.dremio.com/blog/stay-alert-for-fraudulent-recruitment-attempts-that-falsely-claim-association-with-dremio/">here</a>.</span></p>
<p><em>Dremio is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes and will not pay fees to any third-party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with the Company.</em></p></div>