Created in Lyon in 2016 by French entrepreneurs, Agicap is one of the fastest scale-ups in Europe, with over 7000 customers and revenue growth above 100% YoY for the past 3 years. GP Bullhound has ranked us as the next most likely unicorn in Europe.

Agicap allows CEOs and Finance teams of SMBs and Mid-Market companies to efficiently manage and forecast their cash flow, pay their suppliers and get paid.

Cash is King, and Agicap fundamentally reshapes the way companies manage one of their greatest pain points.

Our ambition is to become the global financial management solution for SMEs and Mid-Market companies worldwide.

To help us get there we have raised 3 rounds of fundings so far, totalling $121 million, with prestigious VC funds including Greenoaks, Partech and BlackFin.

These additional resources further fuel our product innovation, allowing us to grow significantly the team by welcoming new talents and accelerating our international expansion across Europe. We are now over 500 people.

We believe our success comes from our highly passionate and dedicated teams, committed to building a company where people can grow and build their careers. We are constantly looking for great talents, aiming for excellence and ready to join our ambitious adventure!

⭐ **Your mission:**

In collaboration with the Sales, Tech, CS, and Product teams, your mission will be to ensure customer satisfaction and experience throughout the entire onboarding phase of new subscribers, from initial setup to their full activation and autonomy on the platform.

You will be responsible for:

∙ Guiding and training new clients

∙ Managing, developing, and nurturing a portfolio of clients by understanding their industry, challenges, and needs

∙ Cultivating personal relationships on a daily basis with users and decision-makers

∙ Implementing retention strategies to maximize client retention

∙ Ensuring the best possible client experience

∙ Contributing directly to the development of our product by providing client feedback to the technical and product teams, and beta-testing prototypes: you are the voice of the client!

∙ Acting as a key driver of growth through upselling and referrals

∙ Maintaining high satisfaction indicators (NPS/CSAT)

∙ Sharing your expertise and ideas to enhance team performance

## 👪 What we are looking for :

- You have a degree from a top business school with ideally a specialization in finance, audit, or accounting.
- You have 2 to 3 years of experience, ideally in client relations.
- You enjoy helping clients and ideally have initial experience in B2B client relations.
- You preferably have experience in B2B SaaS and startups.
- Youhave an excellent level of French, able to lead full business conversations
- You are curious and learn quickly.
- You have developed excellent oral and written communication skills.
- You can handle multiple tasks and prioritize effectively within tight deadlines.
- You enjoy building relationships and teamwork.
- You like to argue, persuade, and sell. You are eager to pick up the phone and engage with clients.
- You have a team spirit and a desire to share your knowledge.
- You are ambitious and drawn to the startup mentality.
- You are ready to give your all for a project that you are passionate about.

## 🎁 What we offer :

- An attractive salary package
- Swile meal vouchers
- Opportunity for rapid career advancement within the Customer Success team
- New 1000 m² offices at Gare de Vaise (Lyon)
- A pivotal moment to join a fast-growing startup
- A highly entrepreneurial environment that is empowering, highly educational, and offers a lot of autonomy
- Daily challenges working with SME executives and CEOs
- A vibrant and passionate work atmosphere with a true team spirit to help Agicap grow in France and internationally 🚀
- One afterwork per month
- 2 days of remote work (after the trial period)