<p>The MongoDB Atlas team is a diverse group of contributors working together to help our users manage MongoDB at global scale. We are responsible for MongoDB Atlas: our database as a service offering and fastest growing product, which allows users to deploy fault-tolerant, globally distributed MongoDB clusters in just minutes.</p>
<p>The Atlas Growth experimentation teams focus on improving the customer experience via new product features and refinements to existing user flows. These teams work closely with cross-functional partners in Product, Design and Analytics, as well as many other MongoDB engineering teams, to bring new visions to life. We are constantly challenged to design backend and frontend features such as new onboarding flows, partner integrations, monetization improvements, and enterprise enablement for our large B2B customer base.&nbsp;</p>
<p>The Atlas Frontend Platform team works to enable Atlas Engineering teams to work across the Atlas UI, owning foundational infrastructure and iterating to move our frontend interface to the cutting edge of user experience.</p>
<p>We are seeking a Staff Software Engineer to join the Atlas Growth and Frontend Platform teams. Growth is made up of both platform and product teams. A successful Staff Software Engineer on Atlas Growth will come to understand the behaviors that make users successful in Atlas.&nbsp; They will be a strong partner for our Product team in identifying and prioritizing the right UX improvements, as well as have a strong infrastructural bent, leading the evolution of our backend service-oriented architecture.&nbsp; They will be an owner of our partner platform, driving Atlas's integration into the many SaaS players defining our industry, and they will become an expert in the experimentation and analytics platform services Growth owns, shaping their roadmaps to accelerate how quickly Atlas learns and delivers.</p>
<p><strong>Role Responsibilities</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Define the future evolution and vision of Growth by working closely with Product Management, Product Design, Analytics, UX Research, as well as other Engineering teams within the company</li>
<li>Spearhead the development of secure, scalable, reusable infrastructure for cross-control plane integrations into Atlas</li>
<li>Streamline experimentation and data acquisition via platform optimization</li>
<li>Design, architect, build, and deliver core pieces of the Atlas onboarding flow</li>
<li>Mentor and grow other team members</li>
<li>Improve our codebase, best practices, and design principles</li>
<li>Work with stakeholders to identify business impact of focus areas, translating into the team's roadmap, then partnering with Engineering Leads to execute&nbsp;&nbsp;</li>
<li>Be a leader in overseeing and participating in the on-call rotation for our critical platform infrastructure</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Candidate Profile</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>8+ years experience of software engineering, with experience in the frontend ecosystem and backend infrastructure</li>
<li>Proficient in a modern compiled programming language (Java, Go, C#, C++, etc.)</li>
<li>Working knowledge of TypeScript and at least one single page application (SPA) framework.</li>
<li>Proven successes in designing, writing, testing, debugging, performance tuning, and maintaining secure and highly available distributed systems in large, long-lived code bases</li>
<li>Understands the hallmarks and value of AB testing and iterative product development</li>
<li>Experience partnering with Product to design and deliver effective user experiences for a technical SaaS application</li>
<li>Excellent communication skills, both written and verbal</li>
<li>Desire to collaborate with colleagues and mentor fellow engineers</li>
<li>Is curious, collaborative, empathetic, and intellectually honest</li>
<li>Has a passion for problem solving and learning new things in the domains of computer science and software engineering</li>
<li>Experience with AWS, GCP, and Azure is a plus</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Success Measures</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>In 1 month you’ll have shipped code into production</li>
<li>In 3 months, you'll be fully onboarded and have contributed to a large project that involves multiple MongoDB engineering teams</li>
<li>In 6 months, you’ll understand the vision and primary goals of the Atlas Growth and Frontend Platforms teams, will be heavily contributing to the roadmap for the teams, and will be leading projects to execute on it</li>
</ul>
<h3>About MongoDB</h3>
<p>MongoDB is built for change, empowering our customers and our people to innovate at the speed of the market. We have redefined the database for the AI era, enabling innovators to create, transform, and disrupt industries with software. MongoDB’s unified database platform—the most widely available, globally distributed database on the market—helps organizations modernize legacy workloads, embrace innovation, and unleash AI. Our cloud-native platform, MongoDB Atlas, is the only globally distributed, multi-cloud database and is available across AWS, Google Cloud, and Microsoft Azure.</p>
<p>With offices worldwide and nearly 60,000 customers—including 75% of the Fortune 100 and AI-native startups—relying on MongoDB for their most important applications, we’re powering the next era of software.</p>
<p>Our compass at MongoDB is our <a href="https://www.mongodb.com/company">Leadership Commitment,</a> guiding how and why we make decisions, show up for each other, and win. It’s what makes us MongoDB.&nbsp;</p>
<p>To drive the personal growth and business impact of our employees, we’re committed to developing a supportive and enriching culture for everyone. <a href="https://www.mongodb.com/company/blog/culture/employee-benefits-that-make-a-difference-at-mongodb">From employee affinity groups, to fertility assistance and a generous parental leave policy</a>, we value our employees’ wellbeing and want to support them along every step of their professional and personal journeys.<a href="https://www.mongodb.com/blog/channel/culture"> Learn more about what it’s like to work at MongoDB</a>, and help us make an impact on the world!</p>
<p>MongoDB is committed to providing any necessary accommodations for individuals with disabilities within our application and interview process. To request an accommodation due to a disability, please inform your recruiter.</p>
<p>MongoDB is an equal opportunities employer.</p>
<p>REQ ID: 4263302109</p>