<div class="content-intro"><p><strong>Secure Every Identity, from AI to Human<br><br></strong>Identity is the key to unlocking the potential of AI. Okta secures AI by building the trusted, neutral infrastructure that enables organizations to safely embrace this new era. This work requires a relentless drive to solve complex challenges with real-world stakes. We are looking for builders and owners who operate with speed and urgency and execute with excellence.<br><br>This is an opportunity to do career-defining work. We're all in on this mission. If you are too, let's talk.</p></div><p><strong>Get to know Okta</strong></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>We free everyone to safely use any technology, anywhere, on any device or app. Our flexible and neutral products, Okta Platform and Auth0 Platform, provide secure access, authentication, and automation, placing identity at the core of business security and growth.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>At Okta, we celebrate a variety of perspectives and experiences. We are not looking for someone who checks every single box - we’re looking for lifelong learners and people who can make us better with their unique experiences.&nbsp;</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>Join our team! We’re building a world where Identity belongs to you.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>The Senior Operations Manager Opportunity</strong></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>Okta is hiring a Senior Operations Manager to support employee engagement for members of Auth0’s Engineering organization based in our Bangalore office.<br><br></p>
<p>This role is expected to be in the Bangalore office 5x/week.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>What you’ll be doing</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Partner with multiple groups to lead in person onboarding for new hire employees, identifying &amp; implementing ways to improve the employee experience</li>
<li>Facilitate Learning &amp; Development activities for new &amp; existing employees</li>
<li>Co-ordinate site-wide meetings, including Employee All Hand’s meetings</li>
<li>Plan &amp; execute key employee engagement events including team offsites, conferences, and social activities, following budgetary guidelines</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<h4><strong>What you’ll bring to the role</strong></h4>
<ul>
<li>5+ years of experience in a learning &amp; development, event management, or employee engagement role, and have worked with senior leaders.</li>
<li>Highly proficient in G-Suites; expert in G-Sheets</li>
<li>Proficient in Atlassian Confluence&nbsp;</li>
<li>Strong English language skills.</li>
<li>Proactive and independent in finding opportunities and driving solutions</li>
<li>Enjoy being exceptionally organized with a focus on execution</li>
<li>Motivated self-starter who enjoys the balance of working independently and collaborating as part of a team</li>
<li>Excellent communication skills with the ability to communicate across multiple cultures and time zones via verbal and written channels, including email, Slack, Zoom, and in-person&nbsp;</li>
<li>Comfortable with ambiguous situations and experience driving outcomes</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>#LI-Hybrid<br>#P24590</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong><br>The Okta Experience</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><a href="http://rewards.okta.com">Supporting Your Well-Being</a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="https://www.okta.com/company/okta-for-good/">Driving Social Impact&nbsp;</a></li>
<li><a href="https://www.okta.com/company/talent-connection-community/">Developing Talent and Fostering Connection + Community</a></li>
</ul>
<p>We are intentional about connection. Our global community, spanning over 20 offices worldwide, is united by a drive to innovate. Your journey begins with an immersive, in-person onboarding experience designed to accelerate your impact and connect you to our mission and team from day one.<br><br>Okta is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, marital status, age, physical or mental disability, or status as a protected veteran. We also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and convictions records, consistent with applicable laws.<br><br>If reasonable accommodation is needed to complete any part of the job application, interview process, or onboarding please&nbsp;<a href="https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1EfiEYZrIyhA2X4Fijk0R3RKYOzNoS3wtvyM4nhbZnXE/edit">use this Form</a> to request an accommodation.<br><br>Notice for New York City Applicants &amp; Employees: Okta may use Automated Employment Decision Tools (AEDT), as defined by New York City Local Law 144, that use artificial intelligence, machine learning, or other automated processes to assist in our recruitment and hiring process. In accordance with NYC Local Law 144, if you are an applicant or employee residing in New York City, please&nbsp;<a href="https://talent.okta.com/new-york-city-aedt-notice.html">click here</a> to view our full NYC AEDT Notice.<br><br>Okta is committed to complying with applicable data privacy and security laws and regulations. For more information, please see our Personnel and Job Candidate Privacy Notice at&nbsp;<a href="https://www.okta.com/legal/personnel-policy/">https://www.okta.com/legal/personnel-policy/</a>.</p></div>