<div class="content-intro"><h3>ABOUT TIDE</h3>
<p>At Tide we help SMEs save time (and money) in the running of their businesses by not only offering business accounts and related banking services, but also a comprehensive set of highly usable and connected administrative solutions from invoicing to accounting.</p>
<p>Tide is transforming the small business banking market with over 1.8 million members globally across the UK, India, Germany and France.</p>
<p>Using advanced technology, all solutions are designed with SMEs in mind. With quick onboarding, low fees and innovative features, we thrive on making data-driven decisions to serve our mission: to help SMEs save both time (and money) so they can get back to doing what they love.</p>
<p><strong>Tide facts:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Tide is available for UK, Indian, German and French SMEs</li>
<li>Over 1.8 million members: 800,000 UK and 1,000,000 in India and growing rapidly</li>
<li>Over $300 million raised in funding</li>
<li>Over 2,500 Tideans globally - we’re diversity champions!</li>
<li>We have offices in Central London, with a member support and technology centre in Sofia, Bulgaria, technology centres in Serbia, Romania, Lithuania and Hyderabad and offices in Gurugram and New Delhi, and in Berlin, Paris and Luxembourg.</li>
</ul></div><h3>ABOUT THE ROLE</h3>
<p>At Tide, we’re on a mission to save businesses time and money. We’re the leading provider of UK SME business accounts and one of the fastest-growing FinTechs(Unicorn) in the UK. Using the latest tech, we design solutions with SMEs in mind and our member-driven financial platform is transforming the business banking market. Not only do we offer our members business accounts and related banking services, but also a comprehensive set of highly connected admin tools for businesses.</p>
<p>Tide is about doing what you love. We’re looking for someone to join us on our exciting scale up journey and be a part of something special. We want passionate Tideans to drive innovation and help build a best-in-class platform to support our members. You will be comfortable in ambiguous situations and will be able to navigate the evolving FinTech environment. Imagine shaping how millions of Tide members discover and engage with business banking platforms and building this on a global scale.</p>
<p>We’re the UK’s leading provider of smart current accounts for sole traders and small companies. We’re also on a mission to save business owners time and money on their banking and finance admin so they can get back to doing what they love – for too long, these customers have been under-served by the big banks.</p>
<p>Funding Options joined the Tide family in early 2023 to lead their Partner Credit Services offering. Through their panel of 100 leading lender partners, Funding Options supports UK SMEs to get the right finance in place so they can trade, plan and grow with confidence. Through their multi award-winning platform, Funding Cloud, they can effectively match customers to the right lender and finance product that best suits their needs in minutes with funding decisions in as little as 20 seconds, giving every customer a 5 Star experience whether successful or not, through our sheer professionalism and outstanding standard of customer service.</p>
<p>Our offices are in London -UK, Sofia – Bulgaria, Belgrade – Serbia, Paris - France and Delhi &amp; Hyderabad -India, where our teams are dedicated to our small business members; revolutionizing business banking for SMEs.</p>
<p>&nbsp;We’re scaling at speed with a focus on hiring talented individuals with a growth mindset and ownership mentality, who are able to juggle multiple and sometimes changing priorities. Our values show our commitment to working as one team, working collaboratively to take action and deliver results. Member first, we are passionate about our members and put them first. We are data-driven, we make decisions, creating insight using data.</p>
<p>&nbsp;We’re also one of LinkedIn’s top 10 hottest UK companies to work for.</p>
<h3>WHAT WE ARE LOOKING FOR</h3>
<p>We are looking for a highly motivated Team Lead to manage and develop brokers that support the internal Commercial Coverage Team who, in turn, support UK businesses with commercial finance. This role is crucial in driving team performance, generating leads and achieving revenue targets, and fostering a high-performance sales culture. As a Team Lead, you will be responsible for ensuring your team delivers against budget, receives ongoing training and development, and consistently maintains the highest standards of customer service. While your primary focus will be leadership and coaching, you may also be required to contribute individual revenue when needed.</p>
<p><strong>Some of the things you’ll be doing: </strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Lead, mentor and develop a team of commercial finance brokers to achieve and exceed performance targets.</li>
<li>Drive a high-performance sales culture, show resilience even in times of ambiguity and uncertainty ensuring brokers are motivated, accountable, and consistently improving.</li>
<li>Monitor and manage team KPIs, pipeline activity, and deal progression to ensure revenue targets are met.</li>
<li>Deliver coaching, feedback, and training to enhance the team’s sales effectiveness and product knowledge.</li>
<li>Work closely with senior leadership and fellow Team Leads to align team goals with business objectives.</li>
<li>Identify and implement process improvements to increase efficiency and conversion rates.</li>
<li>Support brokers in structuring deals, overcoming objections, and closing sales when required.</li>
<li>Maintain strong relationships with lenders and internal teams to streamline operations and deal flow.</li>
<li>Contribute individual revenue where necessary, ensuring a hands-on approach to commercial finance sales.</li>
<li>Work closely with the in-house Salesforce team to improve the operating systems and efficiency of the team.</li>
</ul>
<h3>WHAT MAKES YOU A GREAT FIT</h3>
<ul>
<li>Experience in a customer-facing sales role, ideally within financial services.</li>
<li>Outbound or cold-calling experience is greatly preferred.</li>
<li>Proven track record of consistently meeting and exceeding revenue-based targets.</li>
<li>Strong leadership skills, with the ability to coach, motivate, set clear expectations, goals and develop a team.</li>
<li>A Total experience of 9 years with minimum 2 years of experience directly leading a team, preferably covering the UK or another English speaking market.</li>
<li>Excellent communication and interpersonal skills, capable of influencing and building strong relationships.</li>
<li>A results-driven mindset with impeccable attention to detail, determination, and drive.</li>
<li>Passion for delivering exceptional customer service and ensuring clients receive the best possible outcome.</li>
<li>Highly organized and analytical, able to manage multiple priorities and work well under pressure.</li>
<li>Strong problem-solving skills, with the ability to troubleshoot issues quickly and effectively.</li>
<li>A proactive, self-starting approach, always working backwards from targets to ensure effective execution</li>
<li>Proficiency in using CRM systems(Preferably including Salesforce) and analyzing sales data to identify trends, opportunities and areas of improvement.</li>
</ul>
<p>This role offers an exciting opportunity to lead and shape a successful team in a fast-paced, high-growth environment. If you thrive in a leadership role and are passionate about sales, commercial finance, and team development, we’d love to hear from you!&nbsp;</p>
<h3>WHAT YOU’LL GET IN RETURN</h3>
<ul>
<li>Competitive salary&nbsp;</li>
<li>Self &amp; Family Health Insurance</li>
<li>Term &amp; Life Insurance</li>
<li>OPD Benefits</li>
<li>Mental wellbeing through Plumm</li>
<li>Learning &amp; Development Budget</li>
<li>WFH Setup allowance</li>
<li>25 Annual leaves</li>
<li>Family &amp; Friendly Leaves</li>
</ul>
<h3>TIDEAN WAYS OF WORKING</h3>
<p>At Tide, we champion a <strong>flexible workplace </strong>model that<strong> </strong>supports both in-person and remote work to cater to the specific needs of our different teams.&nbsp;</p>
<p>While remote work is supported, we believe in the power of face-to-face interactions to foster team spirit and collaboration. Our offices are designed as hubs for innovation and team-building, where we encourage regular in-person gatherings to foster a strong sense of community.</p><div class="content-conclusion"><h3>TIDE IS A PLACE FOR EVERYONE</h3>
<p>At Tide, we believe that we can only succeed if we let our differences enrich our culture. Our Tideans come from a variety of backgrounds and experience levels. We consider everyone irrespective of their ethnicity, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, family or parental status, national origin, veteran, neurodiversity or differently-abled status. We celebrate diversity in our workforce as a cornerstone of our success. Our commitment to a broad spectrum of ideas and backgrounds is what enables us to build products that resonate with our members’ diverse needs and lives.&nbsp;</p>
<p>We are One Team and foster a transparent and inclusive environment, where everyone’s voice is heard.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><em>At Tide, we thrive on diversity, embracing various backgrounds and experiences. We welcome all individuals regardless of ethnicity, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, or disability. Our inclusive culture is key to our success, helping us build products that meet our members' diverse needs. We are One Team, committed to transparency and ensuring everyone’s voice is heard.</em></p>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section">&nbsp;</div>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section"><strong>Disclaimer</strong></div>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section">&nbsp;</div>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section"><em>It has come to our attention that individuals or agencies are falsely claiming to represent Tide and are reaching out to candidates regarding job opportunities. Please be aware that:</em></div>
<ul class="p-rich\_text\_list p-rich\_text\_list\_\_bullet p-rich\_text\_list--nested" data-stringify-type="unordered-list" data-list-tree="true" data-indent="0" data-border="0">
<li style="font-style: italic;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><em>Tide does&nbsp;<strong data-stringify-type="bold">not</strong>&nbsp;charge any fees at any stage of the recruitment process.</em></li>
<li style="font-style: italic;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><em>All official Tide job opportunities are listed exclusively on our&nbsp;<a href="https://www.tide.co/careers/" target="\_blank"><strong data-stringify-type="bold">Careers Page</strong></a>&nbsp;and applications should be submitted through this channel.</em></li>
<li style="font-style: italic;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><em>Communication from Tide will only come from an official&nbsp;<strong data-stringify-type="bold">@tide</strong><strong data-stringify-type="bold">.co</strong>&nbsp;email address.</em></li>
<li style="font-style: italic;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><em>Tide does not work with agencies or recruiters without prior formal engagement, and we do not authorize third parties to make job offers on our behalf.</em></li>
</ul>
<p><em>If you are contacted by anyone misrepresenting Tide or requesting payment, please treat it as fraudulent and report it to us immediately at <a href="mailto:talent@tide.co" target="\_blank">talent@tide.co</a><br>Your safety and trust are important to us, and we are committed to ensuring a fair and transparent recruitment process.</em></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><em><em data-stringify-type="italic">Tide leverages AI to enhance our hiring experience. You can read more about how we use AI in our recruitment process in our <a href="https://assets.ctfassets.net/3h69mkdgxn20/5MFtWSdG8YLKq3jZkK52NY/3f18633073e6cdbd03bba4b9791c64f4/Using\_AI\_throughout\_the\_Hiring\_Process.pdf" target="\_blank">AI Policy</a>.</em></em></p>
<p><em><em data-stringify-type="italic">Your personal data will be processed by Tide for recruitment purposes and in accordance with </em><em data-stringify-type="italic"><a class="c-link" href="https://assets.ctfassets.net/3h69mkdgxn20/4TE0uAE3SXomATDVneocNA/aa31893960b4064dd406ad15d029dcd3/Recruitment\_Privacy\_Notice.pdf" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://assets.ctfassets.net/3h69mkdgxn20/1MYf6q4ZMWugpeaROVETBN/526e9c160a2de03576413c81657c6466/Recruitment\_Privacy\_Notice\_\_Final\_Draft\_\_Sep\_2024\_.pdf" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">Tide's Recruitment Privacy Notice</a></em><em data-stringify-type="italic">.</em></em></p></div>