<div class="content-intro"><p><strong><em>🚀 We’re on a mission to make money work for everyone.</em></strong></p>
<p>We’re waving goodbye to the complicated and confusing ways of traditional banking.</p>
<p>After starting as a prepaid card, our product offering has grown a lot in the last 10 years in the UK. As well as&nbsp;<a href="https://monzo.com/current-account/personal">personal</a> and <a href="https://monzo.com/business-banking">business</a> bank accounts, we offer <a href="https://monzo.com/current-account/joint-account">joint accounts</a>, <a href="https://monzo.com/current-account/16-17">accounts for 16-17 year olds</a>, a <a href="https://monzo.com/current-account/under-16s">free kids account</a> and <a href="https://monzo.com/flex">credit cards</a> in the UK, with more exciting things to come beyond. Our UK customers can also <a href="https://monzo.com/savings">save</a>, <a href="https://monzo.com/investments">invest </a>and&nbsp;<a href="https://monzo.com/pensions">combine their pensions</a> with us.&nbsp;</p>
<p>With our hot coral cards and get-paid-early feature, combined with financial education on social media and our award winning customer service, we have a long history of creating magical moments for our customers!</p>
<p>We’re not about selling products - we want to solve problems and change lives through Monzo ❤️</p>
<hr>
<p>&nbsp;</p></div><p>📍Barcelona, Spain | 💰 Base salary for this role is depending on experience&nbsp;+<em> </em>Incentive Awards tied to your performance<em> </em>&nbsp;+ benefits&nbsp;<br>Hybrid model: 3 days a week in the office</p>
<p><strong>⭐ Engineering Management at Monzo&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>Engineering Managers at Monzo are part of cross-functional, autonomous teams and groups. Our teams are mission driven, and typically include Product Managers, backend, web and mobile engineers as well as data scientists, designers and subject matter experts relevant to that mission. Teams are organised into groups, and then collectives - we aim to keep our line management structure as shallow as possible, and for teams to directly own decision making relevant to their work.</p>
<p>Engineering Managers are accountable for the technical and delivery outcomes for their area - that means supporting and developing best in class engineering talent, as well as creating an inclusive team environment for people to do their best work. You’ll be responsible for structuring, organising, supporting and challenging your team to deliver on their mission.</p>
<p>You can read more on the expectations of Engineering Managers on our<a href="https://monzo.com/documents/engineering-manager-framework-v1-0.pdf"> Progression Framework</a>.</p>
<p><strong>🔑You’ll play a key role by...</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Leading a high performing, senior team of engineers. You’ll be supporting, coaching, and developing them through their careers.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Partnering closely with other disciplines including Product, Design, Research, and Data, to build out product strategy, vision and mission setting, and goal setting.</li>
<li>Taking accountability for delivery across your squad(s), collaborating with Technical Leads and Product Manager.</li>
<li>Actively fostering a high bar for engineering excellence within your teams.</li>
<li>Partner with senior engineers in your area to drive technical initiatives that raise the bar for our engineering practices.</li>
<li>Lead on communication with stakeholders from other teams, creating focus space for engineers to do their best work.</li>
<li>Collaborate with the wider engineering organisation to contribute to company-wide best managerial and technical practices and standards.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>🤩We’d love to hear from you if…</strong></p>
<p>While this is not a role which requires hands-on-coding, we are looking for an experienced manager who has a strong technical and delivery background and has worked as a software engineer in previous roles.</p>
<p>We recognise that engineering managers lead in different ways, we’re looking for someone who:&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>Has worked on user-facing mobile products - ideally, you’ll be able to discuss the product impact you’ve made in your previous roles, including working on product strategy, roadmapping, and goal setting.</li>
<li>You have a founder mindset and like taking ownership of anything that will drive business impact.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Has an understanding of what good looks like for a high-performing team of engineers and ability to chart a course to get there</li>
<li>Is comfortable operating with ambiguous problem areas with a high degree of autonomy.</li>
<li>It’s a bonus if you have experience working in an experimentation led environment.</li>
<li>Has delivery experience and is able to guide the squads in achieving their outcomes.</li>
<li>Focuses on outcomes over processes, who optimises for the highest impact and leverage.</li>
<li>Is able to input, understand and challenge engineering decisions - but to empower the team to make those decisions themselves</li>
<li>Is able to to coach people to achieve their goals</li>
<li>Has a natural ability to inspire and motivate a team</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>The interview process:</strong></p>
<p>Our interview process involves three main stages</p>
<ol>
<li><strong>Recruiter Call (30 mins)</strong> You'll meet our Engineering Leadership Recruiter to discuss your experience and learn more about Monzo. They'll be your partner and guide throughout the interview process.<br><br></li>
<li><strong>Initial Call (1 hour)</strong> You'll meet with one of our Senior Engineering Managers or Engineering Directors. They'll ask you about your previous experience, in particular people leadership, product delivery and technical leadership. They’ll ask example based questions (‘Tell me about a time when…’)<br><br></li>
<li><strong>Loop Stage (3 hours 30 mins)</strong> The Loop stage consists of 3 x 60 min interviews that take place over 1-2 days (depending on your availability) and one 30 minute reverse interview (more details below).</li>
</ol>
<p><em>- Team and Org Management (1 hour)</em><em><br></em> An example based interview with 1-2 of our engineering leaders. They’re interested to hear examples from your previous experience on the teams you’ve led, how you’ve shaped and partnered with product, and the impact you had.</p>
<p><em>- System Design (1 hour)</em><em><br></em> You'll partner with a Staff or Principal Engineer on a technical whiteboarding exercise.</p>
<p><em>- Behavioural (1 hour)</em><em><br></em> Similar to Team and Org Management, this is an example based interview with 1-2 Engineering Leaders. This interview focuses on your people leadership style and core behaviours as an Engineering Manager.</p>
<p><em>- Chat with an Engineering Leader (30 mins)</em><em><br></em> At Monzo, we believe interviews are a two-way street. This will be your opportunity to ask us any questions about Monzo, engineering leadership or our teams – whatever’s on your mind.&nbsp;</p>
<p>All things going well, you'll have completed the hiring process 🚀</p>
<p><strong>What’s in it for you:</strong></p>
<p>💰 Base salary for this role is depending on experience +<em> </em>Incentive Awards tied to your performance<em> </em>&nbsp;+ benefits&nbsp;</p>
<p>📍Barcelona, Spain</p>
<p>⏰ We offer flexible working hours and trust you to work enough hours to do your job well, at times that suit you and your team.</p>
<p>📚Learning budget of €1,200 a year for books, training courses and conferences<br><br><span style="font-weight: 400;">#LI-JS1&nbsp;</span></p><div class="content-conclusion"><hr>
<p><strong>Equal opportunities for everyone</strong></p>
<p>Diversity and inclusion are a priority for us and we’re making sure we have lots of support for all of our people to grow at Monzo. At Monzo, we’re embracing diversity by fostering an inclusive environment for all people to do the best work of their lives with us. This is integral to our mission of making money work for everyone. You can read more in our <a href="https://monzo.com/blog/diversity-and-inclusion">blog</a>, 2024 <a href="https://monzo.com/blog/our-2024-diversity-and-inclusion-report" target="\_blank">Diversity and Inclusion Report</a> and 2024 <a href="https://monzo.com/blog/an-update-on-our-gender-pay-gap-2024">Gender Pay Gap Report.</a></p>
<p>We’re an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be considered for employment without attention to age, ethnicity, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, family or parental status, national origin, or veteran, neurodiversity or disability status.</p>
<p>If you have a preferred name, please use it to apply. We don't need full or birth names at application stage 😊</p></div>