<p><strong>About the role</strong></p>
<p>As Chief of Staff, you will act as a strategic partner to a C-level executive, helping translate strategy into execution across the organization. The Chief of Staff is responsible for managing, planning, and communicating global initiatives and projects. You will also help optimize the effectiveness of several teams and processes. This includes daily and very close collaboration with C-level stakeholders and managing a variety of topics and initiatives.</p>
<p>The role has a broad area of responsibility, managing projects, strategic initiatives, communications, and coordinating cross-functional efforts that will require SumUp context and the ability to handle critical and confidential details. This role has a high strategic impact within the organization, as it will influence decision-making at the leadership level.</p>
<p>The role spans beyond project delivery - the Chief of Staff drives key events and communications such as all-employee meetings, off-sites, and quarterly OKR reviews. Additionally, this role ensures our strategy and mission are omnipresent in those events and communications. In summary, you will play a key role in shaping SumUp for the years to come.</p>
<p><strong>What you’ll do</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Collaborating cross-functionally to unblock and drive change, pushing forward strategic projects and ensuring teams are meeting targets and are on track for key initiatives</li>
<li>Driving the planning and facilitation of meetings (e.g., board meetings, OKR meetings, and annual off-sites)</li>
<li>Continuously improving the way teams collaborate and get work done</li>
<li>Budget and financial planning: working closely with FP&amp;A on forecasting and managing Capital Allocation Agreements</li>
<li>Coordinating resources to kick off special initiatives and projects and, where needed, project-managing the follow-through. In some cases, this role will also own specific initiatives</li>
<li>Organizing key team events - these events are important moments that help reinforce culture, connections, and alignment with strategy</li>
<li>Communication: serving as a highly effective storyteller through internal and external communications</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>You'll be great for this position if:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>5+ years of professional experience in high-performance environments such as high-growth technology start-ups, with a focus on product management, strategy, or engineering</li>
<li>Strong problem-solving skills, with demonstrated intellectual and analytical rigor, yet a hands-on approach focused on quick execution. You are able to fly high but also deep-dive when needed</li>
<li>Highly empathetic with superb stakeholder management skills and the ability to work with people at all levels</li>
<li>Ability to grasp and add value to the executive vision as a thought partner</li>
<li>Excellent multimodal communication skills, with the ability to focus messaging to drive maximum impact and simplify complex topics for different audiences within a global context</li>
<li>Strong business acumen and passion for products and their impact on customers’ lives</li>
<li>Previous cross-functional project management experience from ideation to execution</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Why you should join SumUp</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Be part of one of the most innovative fintech companies. SumUp operates in 33 countries and supports millions of merchants around the globe&nbsp;</li>
<li>We have a truly global team of 3000+ people from 60+ countries and a close, welcoming, international community</li>
<li>28 days’ paid leave</li>
<li>Competitive salary and Stock Options Program</li>
<li>Learning &amp; development budget for attending conferences and external training&nbsp;</li>
<li>SumUp Corporate Pension Scheme</li>
<li>Wellness benefits: Fitness Matters, in-house Yoga teacher, gym in the office, football &amp; running teams, subsidized Urban Sports Club</li>
<li>A lot of other cool benefits such as Bike leasing, Subsidized Public Transport Card, Language Learning platform/courses, Kita placement assistance, relocation assistance, 3x per week subsidized office lunches, and a brand new beautiful place to work in the heart of Berlin!</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>Job Application Tip</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We recognise that candidates feel they need to meet 100% of the job criteria in order to apply for a job. Please note that this is only a guide. If you don’t tick every box, it’s ok too because it means you have room to learn and develop your career at SumUp.</span></p></div>