<p>Datadog is seeking a Manager, Sales Engineering to join our high-growth organization and world-class pre-sales team. You will manage a team of talented Sales Engineers to help qualify and close opportunities and coach the team on their approach to providing technical expertise through sales presentations, product demonstrations, and supporting technical evaluations (POCs). This is a hands-on management role where you will take an active technical role in your region supporting customer facing activities and engagements for key accounts.&nbsp; You will also enable and nurture strong partnership between the SE team and other organizations within Datadog.</p>
<p><em>At Datadog, we place value in our office culture - the relationships and collaboration it builds and the creativity it brings to the table. We operate as a hybrid workplace to ensure our Datadogs can create a work-life harmony that best fits them.</em></p>
<p><strong>What You’ll Do:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Partner with the Sales Team to articulate the overall Datadog value proposition, vision and strategy to customers.</li>
<li>Manage a team of individual contributors, working to expand usage of Datadog in customer accounts</li>
<li>Manage resource allocation of your team and ensure their maximum productivity and engagement.</li>
<li>Assist recruiting efforts to find and hire top talent within your region. Mentor/coach new hires during on-boarding to ensure proper ramping of skills and capabilities</li>
<li>Ensure that your team is enabled to support all required Datadog solutions along with key technical and soft skills</li>
<li>Develop a close working relationship with Product Management, Support, and Enablement to ensure continuity between pre and post sales activities</li>
<li>Deliver performance reviews along with collaborating on and executing individual development plans</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Who You Are:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Experienced with 1-3+ years in a Sales Engineering team lead or mentorship role and 3+ years in a Sales Engineering or other equivalent client facing role</li>
<li>Coachable, with a strong desire to improve and grow as a professional and a demonstrated ability to navigate through change</li>
<li>Proven in your ability to grow and develop a team&nbsp;</li>
<li>Experienced in recruiting both individual contributors and front line leaders</li>
<li>Knowledgeable in current infrastructure and monitoring solutions and technologies</li>
<li>Able to build and execute an evaluation plan with a customer and mentor others on how to do so</li>
<li>Someone with strong written and oral communication skills. This role requires an ability to understand and articulate both the business benefits (value proposition) and technical advantages of our offering while also coaching others how to do so</li>
<li>Able to think strategically and creatively about a wide variety of challenges</li>
</ul>
<p><em>Datadog values people from all walks of life. We understand not everyone will meet all the above qualifications on day one. That's okay. If you’re passionate about technology and want to grow your skills, we encourage you to apply.</em>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Benefits and Growth:</strong>&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>Best-in-breed onboarding</li>
<li>Generous global benefits</li>
<li>Intra-departmental mentor and buddy program for in-house networking</li>
<li>New hire stock equity (RSUs) and employee stock purchase plan (ESPP)</li>
<li>Continuous professional development, product training, and career pathing</li>
<li>An inclusive company culture, able to join our Community Guilds and Inclusion Talks&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p><em>Benefits and Growth listed above may vary based on the country of your employment and the nature of your employment with Datadog.</em></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p><div class="content-conclusion"><hr>
<p><strong>About Datadog:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>Datadog (NASDAQ: DDOG) is a global SaaS business, delivering a rare combination of growth and profitability. We are on a mission to break down silos and solve complexity in the cloud age by enabling digital transformation, cloud migration, and infrastructure monitoring of our customers’ entire technology stacks. Built by engineers, for engineers, Datadog is used by organizations of all sizes across a wide range of industries. Together, we champion professional development, diversity of thought, innovation, and work excellence to empower continuous growth. Join the pack and become part of a collaborative, pragmatic, and thoughtful people-first community where we solve tough problems, take smart risks, and celebrate one another. Learn more about #DatadogLife on <a href="https://www.instagram.com/datadoghq/?hl=en" target="\_blank">Instagram</a>, <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/company/datadog" target="\_blank">LinkedIn,</a> and <a href="https://learn.datadoghq.com/" target="\_blank">Datadog Learning Center. </a></p>
<hr>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="215"><strong data-renderer-mark="true">Equal Opportunity at Datadog:</strong></p>
<p>Datadog is proud to offer <a href="https://www.eeoc.gov/sites/default/files/2023-06/22-088\_EEOC\_KnowYourRights6.12ScreenRdr.pdf" target="\_blank">equal employment opportunity</a> to everyone regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity, veteran status, and other characteristics protected by law. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. Here are our <a href="https://www.datadoghq.com/legal/candidate-legal-notices/" target="\_blank">Candidate Legal Notices</a> for your reference.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Datadog endeavors to make our Careers Page accessible to all users. If you would like to contact us regarding the accessibility of our website or need assistance completing the application process, please complete <a href="https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSeoJeduEZ2NdZF\_65uZmWUrCM-zee7yADXX1s6Xr9zAGq8iKA/viewform" target="\_blank">this form</a>. This form is for accommodation requests only and cannot be used to inquire about the status of applications.&nbsp;</p>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="662"><strong data-renderer-mark="true">Privacy and AI Guidelines:</strong></p>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="662">Any information you submit to Datadog as part of your application will be processed in accordance with Datadog’s&nbsp;<a class="c-link" href="https://www.datadoghq.com/legal/applicant-candidate-privacy/" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://www.datadoghq.com/legal/applicant-candidate-privacy/" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">Applicant and Candidate Privacy Notice</a>. For information on our AI policy, please visit <a href="https://www.datadoghq.com/legal/interviewing-at-datadog-ai-guidelines/" target="\_blank">Interviewing at Datadog AI Guidelines</a>.</p></div>