<h2><strong>About the opportunity</strong></h2>
<p>We are seeking a Manager Risk Controlling to help us further develop and strengthen our Risk Controlling function with a focus on steering interest rate risk in the banking book.&nbsp;</p>
<p>As part of the ICAAP Methodology &amp; Analytics team, you will be supporting with model development, implementation and data analysis for risk controlling, with a focus on Pillar II and interest rate risk in the banking book. You will contribute to assessing, controlling, and reporting N26’s risks while ensuring effective collaboration across various teams and stakeholders.</p>
<p>At N26, we are redefining banking through technology and innovation. As Manager Market Risk, you will have the opportunity to shape the future of risk management in a fast-paced, forward-thinking environment. Join us and be part of a team that values collaboration, innovation, and excellence.</p>
<h2><strong>In this role, you will:</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Contribute to the development, implementation and maintenance of advanced risk measurement methodologies specifically for Interest Rate Risk in the Banking Book (IRRBB) and Credit Spread Risk in the Banking Book, including metrics like EVE (Economic Value of Equity) and NII (Net Interest Income) sensitivity. Ensure full compliance with relevant regulatory requirements (e.g., MaRisk, EBA Guidelines on IRRBB and CSRBB).</li>
<li>Lead the design, implementation and monitoring of pricing and valuation models for interest rate derivatives, including centrally cleared derivatives and swaptions.</li>
<li>Establish and maintain the architectural design of risk limits for IRRBB and associated derivatives, providing expert advice on hedging strategies and their methodological impact.</li>
<li>Spearhead cross-functional initiatives to improve the quality, governance, and lineage of core balance sheet and derivative data used in IRRBB, CSRBB and liquidity risk calculations.</li>
<li>Ensure the development of a robust, audit-proof testing environment for all new methodology and code releases, establishing best-practice documentation.</li>
<li>Act as the primary methodological expert and project lead for cross-functional, risk-related projects with significant IRR or derivative components (e.g., new product approvals, core banking system migrations, implementation of new hedging programs).</li>
<li>Lead and coordinate interactions with internal and external auditors and regulators (e.g., EBA, national central banks) regarding the adequacy, compliance, and robustness of market risk methodologies and derivative valuation practices.</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>What you need to be successful:</strong></h2>
<p><strong>Background:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Quantitative academic background: Master’s in statistics, mathematics, business/economics, or a similar field with a quantitative focus. Additional professional certification (e.g. CFA, FRM) is a plus.</li>
<li>5+ years of practical experience in an active risk controlling function with experience in IRRBB, CSRBB and interest rate derivatives from a regulated financial institution. Experience with repos, secured lending and other risk types is a strong plus.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Skills:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Knowledge of VaR and stress testing methodologies, with practical experience in model development, implementation, and governance, preferably with a focus on market risk.</li>
<li>Solid understanding of the overall ICAAP and interest rate risk related KRIs. Experience with IDW RS BFA 3 and/or hedge accounting is a strong plus.</li>
<li>Solid knowledge of European and/or German regulations (e.g. EBA Guidelines, MaRisk) and experience dealing with (external) audits is a strong plus.</li>
<li>Strong proficiency in SQL and Python for quantitative analysis.</li>
<li>Strong analytical and quantitative skills, with the ability to independently generate actionable insights from complex data.</li>
<li>Previous experience with independent price verification processes and related requirements is a strong plus.</li>
<li>Experience with data governance and data quality management processes is a strong plus.</li>
<li>Fluent English (German is a plus).</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>What’s in it for you:</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Accelerate your career growth by joining one of Europe’s most talked about disruptors 🚀.</li>
<li>Employee benefits that range from a competitive personal development budget, work from home budget, discounts to fitness &amp; wellness memberships, language apps and public transportation.&nbsp;</li>
<li>As an N26 employee you will have access to a Premium subscription on your personal N26 bank account. As well as subscriptions for friends and family members.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;</li>
<li>Additional day of annual leave for each year of service.&nbsp;&nbsp;</li>
<li>A high degree of autonomy and access to cutting edge technologies - all while working with a friendly team of peers of diverse nationalities, life experiences and family statuses.&nbsp;</li>
<li>A relocation package with visa support for those who need it.</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Who we are</strong></h2>
<p>N26 has reimagined banking for today’s digital world. Technology and design empower<a href="https://n26.com/en-eu/blog"> everything we do</a> and it’s how we are building the global banking platform the world loves to use.</p>
<p>We've eliminated physical branches, paperwork, and hidden fees for an elegant digital experience and supreme savings. Giving people the power to live and bank their way is what gets us out of bed in the morning and inspires the work that we do.&nbsp;</p>
<p>We are headquartered in Berlin with offices in multiple cities across Europe, including Vienna and Barcelona, and a 1,500-strong team of more than 80 nationalities.</p>
<p><strong>Sounds good? Apply now for this position.</strong></p>
<p><strong>Equal Opportunities:</strong></p>
<p>We recognize that our strength lies in our people and the varied perspectives they bring to our workforce. We strive to build talented and diverse teams to drive our business success and empower our people to reach their full potential.</p>
<p>We genuinely welcome and encourage applications from people of all backgrounds, cultures, genders, sexual orientations, abilities, neurodiversities, and ages. We're committed to creating an inclusive workspace where everyone feels valued and respected, free from harassment and discrimination. If there's anything you need to make the application process work for you, please let us know by reaching out to <a href="mailto:candidate.exp@n26.com">candidate.exp@n26.com</a>.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Visit our <a href="https://n26.com/en-eu/diversity-and-inclusion">website</a> to learn more about Diversity, Equity, &amp; Inclusion at N26.</p>