<div class="content-intro"><p><strong>Secure Every Identity, from AI to Human<br><br></strong>Identity is the key to unlocking the potential of AI. Okta secures AI by building the trusted, neutral infrastructure that enables organizations to safely embrace this new era. This work requires a relentless drive to solve complex challenges with real-world stakes. We are looking for builders and owners who operate with speed and urgency and execute with excellence.<br><br>This is an opportunity to do career-defining work. We're all in on this mission. If you are too, let's talk.</p></div><p><strong>About Okta</strong></p>
<p>Okta is The World’s Identity Company with a mission to free everyone to safely use any technology—anywhere, on any device or app. Our Workforce Identity and Customer Identity offerings enable secure yet flexible access, authentication, and automation that transforms how people move through the digital world, putting Identity at the heart of business security and growth.&nbsp;</p>
<p>At Okta, we celebrate a variety of perspectives and experiences. We are looking for lifelong learners who can make us better with their unique experiences.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Join our team! We’re building a world where Identity belongs to you.</p>
<p><strong>About the team</strong></p>
<p>As part of our vision to <strong><em>Free Everyone to Safely Connect to any Technology</em></strong>, Okta is investing to help B2B / Enterprise SaaS companies engage with their customers by leveraging the <a href="https://www.okta.com/integrations/">Okta Integration Network</a> (OIN) platform. This involves building and enhancing the user experience for these SaaS companies (ISVs - Independent Software Vendors) when they onboard their applications into the OIN.&nbsp;</p>
<p>We are constantly thinking about fostering network effects on the existing OIN Platform by designing for reach, scale and extensibility. Join us in building the next generation of a streamlined Partner journey within Okta, as we increase its footprint to even broader capabilities.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>About the Role</strong></p>
<p>We are looking for a <em>Senior Software Engineer</em> to join an innovative and fast moving full-stack team to build a new set of developer-facing products to achieve this mission. We welcome personalities that are self-driven, think outside-the-box, take pride in shipping high quality software and most importantly kind.</p>
<h3>Job Duties and Responsibilities:</h3>
<ul>
<li>Analyze/Refine Requirements with Product Management and other stakeholders by asking the right questions and driving clarity.</li>
<li>Work with user experience designers and architects to scope and plan engineering efforts and dependencies.</li>
<li>Develop secure and reusable components to enable other teams to easily implement UIs with rich and consistent look and feel.</li>
<li>Develop APIs and SDKs that developers love. The target audience for this team’s roadmap is the developers working at the B2B Enterprise SaaS companies.</li>
<li>Have a high bar for security, test-driven development, design reviews and code reviews while harboring a sense of urgency.</li>
<li>Define long-term observability and reliability metrics for the systems/features that they own. &nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<h3>&nbsp;Required Skills, Attitude and Knowledge:</h3>
<ul>
<li>Have 5-7 years of software development experience.</li>
<li>Proficient in at least one of the backend languages and frameworks - Java, C#, Typescript (NodeJS).</li>
<li>Comfortable in React or similar front-end UI stack (Angular, Vue)</li>
<li>Demonstrable knowledge of HTTP fundamentals with strong API Design skills.</li>
<li>Have experience working with at least one of the database technologies - MySQL, Redis, or PostgreSQL.</li>
<li>Experience with distributed systems patterns including caching, asynchronous processing etc.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Track record of delivering work incrementally to get feedback and iterating over solutions.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Have an infectious enthusiasm and bring the right attitude to the team regarding ownership, accountability, attention to detail, and customer focus.</li>
</ul>
<h3>Bonus Points:</h3>
<ul>
<li>Have built fault-tolerant &amp; scalable integrations to third-party services.</li>
</ul>
<p>#LI-Hybrid</p>
<p>P21599\_3356350</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong><br>The Okta Experience</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><a href="http://rewards.okta.com">Supporting Your Well-Being</a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="https://www.okta.com/company/okta-for-good/">Driving Social Impact&nbsp;</a></li>
<li><a href="https://www.okta.com/company/talent-connection-community/">Developing Talent and Fostering Connection + Community</a></li>
</ul>
<p>We are intentional about connection. Our global community, spanning over 20 offices worldwide, is united by a drive to innovate. Your journey begins with an immersive, in-person onboarding experience designed to accelerate your impact and connect you to our mission and team from day one.<br><br>Okta is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, marital status, age, physical or mental disability, or status as a protected veteran. We also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and convictions records, consistent with applicable laws.<br><br>If reasonable accommodation is needed to complete any part of the job application, interview process, or onboarding please&nbsp;<a href="https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1EfiEYZrIyhA2X4Fijk0R3RKYOzNoS3wtvyM4nhbZnXE/edit">use this Form</a> to request an accommodation.<br><br>Notice for New York City Applicants &amp; Employees: Okta may use Automated Employment Decision Tools (AEDT), as defined by New York City Local Law 144, that use artificial intelligence, machine learning, or other automated processes to assist in our recruitment and hiring process. In accordance with NYC Local Law 144, if you are an applicant or employee residing in New York City, please&nbsp;<a href="https://talent.okta.com/new-york-city-aedt-notice.html">click here</a> to view our full NYC AEDT Notice.<br><br>Okta is committed to complying with applicable data privacy and security laws and regulations. For more information, please see our Personnel and Job Candidate Privacy Notice at&nbsp;<a href="https://www.okta.com/legal/personnel-policy/">https://www.okta.com/legal/personnel-policy/</a>.</p></div>