<p><strong>About this opportunity:</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 300;">At Freenome, we are seeking a Senior Computational Biologist, Assay Development to help grow the Freenome’s Computational Biology, Assay Development (CBAD) team. As part of our team, you will apply your scientific expertise to the development of early, noninvasive tests for cancer detection. With a strong background in bioinformatics, statistics, and molecular biology, you will develop, write, and execute analysis plans and reports for the development and characterization of Freenome’s in vitro diagnostic devices and regulatory filings. You will work closely and cross-functionally with many teams, including Regulatory and Quality, Molecular Research and Development, Laboratory Operations, Biostatistics, Computational Science, and Engineering to enable the successful development of multiple molecular assays as part of Freenome’s diagnostic products.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 300;">The role reports to the Director of Computational Biology. This role can be Hybrid (2-3 days onsite in Brisbane, CA) or Remote role.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><strong>What you’ll do:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: 300;">Plan and execute development experiments for Freenome’s multiomics cancer screening tests.</li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;">Partner cross-functionally with computational, development, regulatory, and quality leaders to develop and execute a regulated development strategy working toward FDA approval.</li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;">Use your quantitative skills to develop computational methods and interpret complex experimental results in order to optimize and validate innovative technology for sample collection, preparation, and detection.</li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;">Develop and execute appropriate experimental design and analysis plans for Development, Verification, and Validation studies, closely partnering with Biostatistics, Development, and Pre-Analytics teams.</li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;">Work closely with molecular and computational research teams developing Freenome’s IVD products for blood-based molecular assays involving cell-free DNA.</li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;">Impact patient lives through the development and launch of high quality cancer screening technologies.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Must haves:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Post-graduate degree (MS or PhD) in statistics, computational biology, bioinformatics, cancer biology, or related quantitative field.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">3+ years of industry experience.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Experience with molecular biology and next generation sequencing.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Experience in experimental design and analysis of high-throughput, quantitative technologies.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Familiarity with and ability to select and leverage bioinformatics tools for the above molecular assays.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Experience in applied statistics, such as in hypothesis testing, GLM, and appropriate use of simulation.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Expertise in data analysis and visualization using R (tidyverse), or Python statistical packages (Numpy, Matplotlib, Pandas), or equivalent, under version control.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Excellent oral and written communication skills to communicate to scientific and broader audiences, with keen attention to detail.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Ability to work on a cross-functional team in our highly collaborative environment, working with both computational and experimental scientists.</span></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Nice to haves:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><span style="font-weight: 300;">Experience in the development of diagnostic devices in a regulated environment (PMA, 510(k), CE-IVD) preferred.</span></li>
<li><span style="font-weight: 300;">Experience with a variety of NGS methods (e.g., WGS, target capture with UMI, bisulfite sequencing, RNA-seq).</span></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Benefits and additional information:</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 300;">The US target range of our</span><span style="font-weight: 300;"> base salary</span><span style="font-weight: 300;"> for new hires is $161,925 - $227,325</span><span style="font-weight: 300;">. You will also be eligible to receive equity, cash bonuses, and a full range of medical, financial, and other benefits depending on the position offered.&nbsp; Please note that individual total compensation for this position will be determined at the Company’s sole discretion and may vary based on several factors, including but not limited to, location, skill level, years and depth of relevant experience, and education. We invite you to check out our career page @ <em><a href="http://freenome.com/job-openings/" target="\_blank" data-saferedirecturl="https://www.google.com/url?q=http://freenome.com/job-openings/&amp;source=gmail&amp;ust=1708620295766000&amp;usg=AOvVaw0K-a4lTJ0RquYagpqS-yp4">freenome.com/job-openings/</a></em></span><span style="font-weight: 300;">&nbsp;for additional company information.&nbsp;&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 300;">Freenome is proud to be an equal-opportunity employer, and we value diversity. Freenome does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, marital status, age, national origin, ancestry, physical or mental disability, medical condition, pregnancy, genetic information, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, veteran status, or any other status protected under federal, state, or local </span><span style="font-weight: 300;">law.</span></p>
<p><em><span style="font-weight: 300;">Applicants have rights under Federal Employment Laws.&nbsp;&nbsp;</span></em></p>
<ul>
<li><a href="https://www.dol.gov/agencies/whd/posters/fmla" target="\_blank"><em><span style="font-weight: 300;">Family &amp; Medical Leave Act (FMLA)</span></em></a></li>
<li><a href="https://www.dol.gov/agencies/ofccp/posters" target="\_blank"><em><span style="font-weight: 300;">Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO)</span></em></a></li>
<li><a href="https://www.dol.gov/agencies/whd/posters/employee-polygraph-protection-act" target="\_blank"><em><span style="font-weight: 300;">Employee Polygraph Protection Act (EPPA)</span></em></a></li>
</ul>
<p><span style="color: #ecf0f1;"><em><span style="font-weight: 300;">#LI-HYBRID</span></em></span></p>