<p>At Syncro, our Vision is a world where <em>all</em> businesses thrive on enterprise-grade digital platforms - empowering them to compete, innovate and grow without limits.&nbsp; We're on the lookout for collaborative individuals with diverse perspectives willing to&nbsp; bring their authentic selves to a culture that prioritizes the employee and customer experiences. As a remote-first software company, we are relentlessly focused on living our core values. Please take a moment to reflect on whether you resonate with our company's core values and culture. If you believe you're ready to embark on a journey of delivering incredible customer experiences as a part of the Syncro team, then dive into the job details below!</p>
<p><strong>Core Values: </strong>At Syncro we believe that companies with a strong, collaborative and inclusive culture perform better and provide a great working environment.&nbsp;&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Be Customer Obsessed: </strong>Prioritize our customer’s success and drive value for them</p>
<p><strong>Innovate with Agility:</strong> Adapt, experiment and take risks</p>
<p><strong>Deliver Results: </strong>Operate with urgency, focus and accountability</p>
<p><strong>Collaborate Openly: I</strong>nclusivity of people, ideas and information</p>
<p><strong>Operate with Integrity: </strong>Do the right thing through transparency and fairness</p>
<p><strong>Celebrates the Wins:</strong> Illuminate accomplishments and recognize one another</p>
<p><strong>Benefits Quick Overview:</strong></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li><strong>Pay Range: </strong>$22/H (USD)</li>
<li><strong>TS Bonus Plan</strong>: At 6 months of employment you are eligible for the quarterly, performance-based bonus plan</li>
<li><strong>Scheduled Shift:</strong>
<ul>
<li>To Be Determined\*<strong>&nbsp;</strong>
<ul>
<li>Training Time Requirement: Monday-Friday, 9am- 6pm (EST) for initial 6 weeks</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li><strong>Remote first:</strong>&nbsp;We are the PIONEERS of “work from home” - remote work is all we have ever done and we do it well!&nbsp; Our team members are all over the globe working from home and striking an awesome balance in their lives.</li>
<li><strong>Equity Appreciation Program:</strong> Syncro offers an equity program that everyone participates in</li>
<li><strong>Unlimited</strong> <strong>PTO</strong>: With a 2 week annual minimum, Syncro wants you to take time when you need it.</li>
<li><strong>401k Plan:</strong> A hassle free plan with a 2.5% company match of your annual salary.</li>
<li><strong>Health Insurance: </strong>Syncro covers 95% of the monthly premiums for you and your dependents. Plus our plans have extremely low deductibles and out of pocket costs that don't sacrifice great coverage for you or your family anywhere in the US.</li>
<li><strong>Parental Leave: </strong>Up to 6 weeks paid parental leave so you can focus on the new addition to your family</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>And more!:</strong> Ask us about our other benefits like Pet Insurance, Flexible Spending Accounts, 100% employer paid Short Term Disability, and Ultra-Remote Work.</p>
<p><strong>The Opportunity:</strong>&nbsp;</p>
<p>We are seeking a dynamic and motivated Technical Support Representative to provide initial assistance and troubleshooting to our partners. The ideal candidate will excel in multi-tasking and have a solid understanding of IT to handle customer inquiries, resolve common problems, and escalate complex issues to higher-level support. Key responsibilities include responding to calls, emails, and chat support, documenting issues, guiding customers through standard procedures, and ensuring customer satisfaction by delivering efficient and effective solutions. Additionally, this role involves collaborating closely with various departments to design solutions that address behavioral issues, support company growth, and enhance revenue recognition.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>What You’ll Be Doing</strong>:<strong>&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Providing exceptional customer support/technical support.</li>
<li>Gaining a deep understanding of our offered products.</li>
<li>Addressing customer inquiries and educating them on our product.</li>
<li>Providing Technical support via Telephone, Chat, and Email services.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Helping connect customers with our sales and development teams.</li>
<li>Manage multiple tasks in a fast-paced environment,&nbsp;</li>
<li>Be a part of creating our ever-expanding Knowledge Base.</li>
<li>Continuously train on new and upcoming product changes.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Proactively communicating with customers: if an issue is being held up, check in every 24 hours&nbsp; so stakeholders feel taken care of.</li>
<li>Helping the team keep a high level of customer happiness.</li>
<li>We're intentionally building a team with diverse skill sets, perspectives, and strengths, and there’s plenty of opportunity to grow and make an impact.</li>
<li>Our needs span a wide range of skills, and we value team members who bring different strengths, curiosity, and a willingness to learn.&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>What we're looking for:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Technical Proficiency - proficient understanding of IT systems, Familiarity with support tools such as ticketing systems and remote desktop software.</li>
<li>You must be a self-driven, self-learner&nbsp;</li>
<li>Collaborative and driven to develop yourself and the team you’re part of.</li>
<li>You have high compassion and you want to help all stakeholders.</li>
<li>Excellent communication skills – verbal, written and electronic. .Excellent verbal and written communication skills are crucial for accurately understanding and resolving customer issues</li>
<li>Exceptional phone presence and soft skills. Maintaining composure and patience when dealing with frustrated or upset customers. Upholding a professional demeanor and providing respectful and courteous service.</li>
<li>You care — which means a natural attention to detail and investment in customer success.</li>
<li>Self motivated with ability to think creatively to identify solutions for addressing customer needs.</li>
<li>Ability to multitask and prioritize in a fast paced environment. Efficiently managing time to handle multiple tickets or customer interactions without compromising quality</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li>You’re kind and wily (in a good way).</li>
<li>Accountable for upholding key performance metrics related to customer satisfaction, response times, and resolution times.</li>
<li>Handling high-pressure situations calmly and effectively, especially when dealing with challenging customers or technical problems.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Adaptability and Learning Agility - Willingness and ability to quickly learn new systems, technologies, and processes. Flexibility to adapt to changing work environments and customer needs, as well as a proactive attitude towards continuous improvement and self-development.</li>
<li>Understanding of MSP operations and service delivery models</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Must have skills:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>2-3 years of IT Technical Support experience</li>
<li>Firm understanding of RMM usage</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Nice to have skills:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Scripting Experience</li>
<li>Quickbooks Experience</li>
<li>PSA (ticketing, invoicing, estimates and procurement systems)&nbsp;</li>
<li>Experience within our industry is a strong plus, including work with MSPs, as well as relevant experience outside the industry in software QA or related environments.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Interview Process:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>At Syncro we believe in transparency and providing candidates with as much information as possible so you can make an informed decision during your job search. Below are the steps of the interview process you can expect:</p>
<ul>
<li>30m, Preliminary Screening with HR</li>
<li>1H, Tech Support Leadership Panel</li>
</ul>
<p>We value the opportunity to meet our potential team members face-to-face; therefore, a <strong>live, in-person interview may be</strong> a required final step before an offer is extended. Please note that this will include travel at Syncro's expense to do so. To ensure the integrity of our team, all successful candidates will also undergo a thorough <strong>background and identity screening</strong> during the onboarding process.</p>
<p><strong>AI Usage Policy for Interviews:</strong></p>
<p>We encourage candidates to use AI tools to help prepare for interviews, whether that means practicing responses, researching our company, or refining your resume. That said, during live interviews, we expect all answers and interactions to come directly from you without real-time help from AI or other tools. We are not looking for perfect answers. We are looking for honest insights, real experiences, and genuine communication so we can fairly and accurately get to know you.</p>
<p><strong>Company Details: </strong>If you’re curious about learning more about Syncro, read on and visit the links below.</p>
<p>Syncro is a B2B SaaS company with a highly collaborative and creative team serving the Managed Services Provider (MSP) industry. Picture an MSP as a company’s outsourced IT department - our platform empowers them with the tools and automation they need to run their businesses and supercharge their client services.&nbsp; Our goal is to empower our customers (we call them partners) to thrive through operational excellence. We're all about making it happen together!</p>
<p>To see more about our product, and what it’s like to work here at Syncro, check us out online:</p>
<ul>
<li><strong>Website: </strong><a href="http://www.syncromsp.com">www.syncromsp.com</a></li>
<li><strong>Glassdoor: </strong><a href="https://www.glassdoor.com/Overview/Working-at-Syncro-EI\_IE4650167.11,17.htm">https://www.glassdoor.com/Overview/Working-at-Syncro-EI\_IE4650167.11,17.htm</a></li>
<li><strong>LinkedIn:</strong>&nbsp;<a href="https://www.linkedin.com/company/syncromsp/mycompany">https://www.linkedin.com/company/syncromsp/mycompany</a><a href="https://www.linkedin.com/company/syncromsp/mycompany/">/</a></li>
<li><strong>Life at Syncro Instagram:&nbsp;</strong><a href="https://www.instagram.com/lifeatsyncro/">https://www.instagram.com/lifeatsyncro/</a><strong>&nbsp;</strong></li>
</ul>
<p>Syncro is an equal opportunity employer. We are committed to creating an inclusive environment where all employees can thrive and do their best work, free from discrimination and harassment.</p>