<div class="content-intro"><div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
<div>
<p>At Cloudflare, we are on a mission to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers millions of websites and other Internet properties for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.&nbsp;</p>
<p>At Cloudflare, we’re not looking for people who wait for a polished roadmap; we’re looking for the builders who see the cracks in the Internet that everyone else has simply learned to live with. We value candidates who have the instinct to spot a "normalized" problem and the AI-native curiosity to create a solution using the latest tools. Our culture is built on iteration, leveraging AI to ship faster today to make it better tomorrow, while ensuring that every improvement, no matter how small, is shared across the team to lift everyone up. If you’re the type of person who values curiosity over bureaucracy, and that AI is a partner in solving tough problems to keep the Internet moving forward, you’ll fit right in.</p>
</div></div><p><strong>Location: Austin, TX</strong></p>
<p><strong>About the Department</strong></p>
<p>Customer Success at Cloudflare is focused on customer adoption and value realization of Cloudflare Solutions. We work closely with our customers in the closing stages of the sales cycle being ready to partner with them as they implement, adopt and optimize our cloud solutions around their business goals and objectives. We are proactively driven to fully understand their <strong>WHY</strong> so that we can articulate <strong>WHAT </strong>we can do to help to ensure full value and outcomes from Cloudflare Solutions and Products.&nbsp;</p>
<p>The Customer Success Teams consist of Customer Success Managers and Customer Solutions Engineers to proactively engage with customer needs to help accelerate the outcomes that our customers are looking to achieve.</p>
<p>The Customer Success Team works closely across all of the Cloudflare Team particularly with Account Executives, Business Development Representatives, Solution Engineers, Product and Sales Operations to help our customers adopt Cloudflare and create great Internet-enabled experiences.</p>
<p><strong>What you'll do…&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>This is a critical role where you will be responsible for ensuring the success of Cloudflare’s customers and managing all of their post-sale experiences. You will bring strong relationship-building experience, product knowledge, project management and organizational skills, as well as a high degree of empathy to ensure the customer’s satisfaction with Cloudflare’s services. Our mission is to deliver great customer outcomes and also growth of adoption and utilization of Cloudflare solutions.</p>
<p>You will maintain a deep understanding of our solutions and present to customers about the most relevant features/functionality for their specific business needs. You are ultimately responsible for the retention and growth of your book of business; this is driven through demonstrating the value the products and services provide to the customer’s business via quarterly reviews and understanding what next and at what time based upon your customers needs and goals.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Ideally we are looking for applications who can show demonstrable experience of at least 3+ years partnering with multinational customers driving Digital and / or Network transformation at scale and at pace.</p>
<p>Additional responsibilities will include:</p>
<ul>
<li>Be a Trusted Advisor to your customers,</li>
<li>Work with your account teams to plan and execute long term Success Plans with our largest customers to facilitate retention and growth via product and new business unit expansion,</li>
<li>Develop and maintain long-term relationships with stakeholders in your account portfolio,</li>
<li>Work cross-functionally with Product, Engineering, Systems Reliability Engineering, Marketing and other teams to resolve customer business issues and work towards their stated goals,</li>
<li>Manage customer feedback and product needs by providing feature requests to internal partner teams,</li>
<li>Able to demonstrate how your customer engagement directly impacts their growth and adoption of Cloudflare Solutions and Services,</li>
<li>Expected up to 50% travel for customer visits.&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p>Examples of desirable skills, knowledge and experience</p>
<ul>
<li>Bachelor's degree and / or other professional qualification,</li>
<li>3+ years of experience in a Customer Success/Account Management role,</li>
<li>Understanding of SAAS / SASE / Cloud Applications landscape,</li>
<li>Strong understanding of or willing to learn about computer networking and “how the internet works” with network security a plus,</li>
<li>Experience in cloud security and/or performance industries preferred,</li>
<li>Experience with project management, account portfolio planning, Cloud implementation and prioritization,</li>
<li>Ability to prioritize, multi-task, and perform effectively under pressure,</li>
<li>Strong interpersonal communication skills (verbal, written and video call) as well as organizational skills,</li>
<li>Track record of successful planning and execution of Executive Business Reviews,</li>
<li>Commercial acumen and awareness to drive successful outcomes.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Compensation</strong><br>Compensation may be adjusted depending on work location.&nbsp;<br>This role is eligible to earn incentive compensation under Cloudflare’s Sales Compensation Plan. The estimated annual salary range includes the on-target incentive compensation that may be attained in this role under the Sales Compensation Plan.<br><br><strong>Equity</strong><br>This role is eligible to participate in Cloudflare’s equity plan.<br><br><strong>Benefits</strong><br>Cloudflare offers a complete package of benefits and programs to support you and your family.&nbsp; Our benefits programs can help you pay health care expenses, support caregiving, build capital for the future and make life a little easier and fun!&nbsp; The below is a description of our benefits for employees in the United States, and benefits may vary for employees based outside the U.S.<br><br><strong>Health &amp; Welfare Benefits</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Medical/Rx Insurance</li>
<li>Dental Insurance</li>
<li>Vision Insurance</li>
<li>Flexible Spending Accounts</li>
<li>Commuter Spending Accounts</li>
<li>Fertility &amp; Family Forming Benefits</li>
<li>On-demand mental health support and Employee Assistance Program</li>
<li>Global Travel Medical Insurance</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Financial Benefits</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Short and Long Term Disability Insurance</li>
<li>Life &amp; Accident Insurance</li>
<li>401(k) Retirement Savings Plan</li>
<li>Employee Stock Participation Plan</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Time Off</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Flexible paid time off covering vacation and sick leave</li>
<li>Leave programs, including parental, pregnancy health, medical, and bereavement leave</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: Since 2014, we've equipped more than 2,400 journalism and civil society organizations in 111 countries with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: In 2017, we created the Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration. Since the project, we've provided services to more than 425 local government election websites in 33 states.</span></p>
<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Please note that applicants who progress to the offer stage of the interview process may be asked to attend an in-person interview within one of the Cloudflare Offices or Cloudflare Hubs.&nbsp; More details about this will be available at that stage of the interview process.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p></div>