<div class="content-intro"><h2><span data-sheets-root="1">About Wolt</span></h2>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">At Wolt, we create technology that brings joy, simplicity and earnings to the neighborhoods of the world. In 2014 we started with delivery of restaurant food. Now we’re building the delivery of (almost) everything and you’ll find us in over 500 cities in 30 countries around the world. In 2022 we joined forces with DoorDash and together we keep on dreaming big and expanding across the globe.<br><br>Working at Wolt isn’t always easy, but it’s definitely exciting. Here you’ll learn more, build more, and ship more than in most other companies. You’ll be challenged a lot, but also have a lot of fun on the way. So, if you’re a self-starter with drive and entrepreneurial spirit, this could be the ride of your life.</span></p></div><h2><strong>About the Consumer Pricing and Discounts Domain</strong></h2>
<p>The Consumer Pricing and Discounts Data Science team is committed to consumer-first pricing and discounts that are fair, transparent, and compliant. We create innovative pricing &amp; discounts solutions that offer clear value for our consumers with a focus on affordability. We collaborate cross-functionally to achieve both short-term and long-term business goals, balancing topline impact with bottom-line profitability tradeoff. Our team of Data Scientists partners closely with the Strategy &amp; Operations business team as well as Product &amp; Engineering, conducting experiments, advanced analytical data exploration, algorithmic modelling and operational reporting to enhance our consumer pricing &amp; incentives strategies.</p>
<h2>What you’ll be doing</h2>
<p>As a Senior Data Scientist at Wolt, your role involves diving into our data to solve crucial business problems. This role is a great fit for a versatile generalist who can bridge pricing and growth initiatives, connecting the dots across functions to drive business impact. It suits someone who thrives in a cross-functional environment, brings strong business judgment, and can balance priorities within a dynamic team. The position plays a key role in shaping strategy while keeping execution aligned with broader objectives.</p>
<p>The scope spans the full lifecycle - from research and discovery to modelling and experimentation. Responsibilities include defining success through clear measurement frameworks, identifying business opportunities, and tracking performance via reporting. It’s an opportunity to turn insights into action and influence outcomes.</p>
<h2>Our humble expectations</h2>
<ul>
<li><strong>5+ years of experience</strong> in an analytics or data science position</li>
<li>Proficiency in <strong>SQL and Python/R</strong></li>
<li>Prior experience building intuitive data visualizations and dashboards that influence business decisions, utilizing tools like Tableau, Mixpanel, Looker, or similar</li>
<li><strong>Strong business acumen </strong>and ability to connect analytical work (models, research, frameworks) to real business impact</li>
</ul>
<h2>What we offer</h2>
<ul>
<li>The online delivery platform that Wolt is building will offer you interesting and complex challenges, together with the opportunities to create a big impact with your skills. Lots of geolocational and temporal data in real-time, combined with differences in the economics and dynamics of the cities we operate in, make Wolt both a challenging and interesting company to practice analytics!</li>
<li>You can choose the location from our tech hubs in <strong>Helsinki or Stockholm</strong>. You have the chance to decide the ways of working: hybrid, at the office, or remote within <strong>Finland or Sweden</strong>. 💙</li>
<li>You would get to work in a company culture where we take ownership beyond the obvious, do common things uncommonly well, we think big but stay humble, do right by people, we treat others kindly and justly, recognize that if we don’t learn, we won’t stay still but fall behind and keep in mind that Luke was Yoda’s greatest achievement.</li>
</ul>
<h2>Next steps</h2>
<p>The position will be filled as soon as we find the right person, so make sure to apply as soon as you realize you really, really want to join us!</p>
<p>For any further questions about the position, you can turn to Senior Talent Acquisition Partner - Zhanna Filintseva via <a href="mailto:zhanna.filintseva@wolt.com">zhanna.filintseva@wolt.com</a></p>
<p><iframe src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/Ncz4s\_oBczc?si=FzuwoSOLcv5WZVRN" width="560" height="314"></iframe></p><div class="content-conclusion"><h2><span data-sheets-root="1">Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion</span></h2>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">We’re committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. That’s why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.</span></p></div>