At Sysdig, we believe cloud security isn't a compromise - it's a promise. From the start, our mission has been clear: to help organizations secure innovation in the cloud, the right way.

We created Falco, the open standard for cloud threat detection, and continue to lead the cloud security market with runtime insights, open innovation, and agentic Al. Creators of technology trusted by over 60% of the Fortune 500, Sysdig gives teams the real-time clarity to move fast and defend what matters most.

Culture matters here. We believe diversity fuels stronger ideas, and open dialogue drives sharper decisions. Recognized as a Best Place to Work and one of Deloitte's fastest-growing companies for the past 5 years, we're here to raise the standard for what cloud security and workplace culture should be.

If you have the passion to dig deeper, the desire to challenge convention, and the curiosity to build something better, Sysdig is the right place for you.

## What you will do

- Reporting to the Sr. Director, Sales Engineering - EMEA, you will guide in-depth discovery discussions with prospective customers to understand their environment and associated needs.
- You will deliver world class product demonstrations and assist customers with POV's and drive success
- You will interface with Sysdig support, customer success, and professional services teams to ensure Sysdig customers are power users of the product
- You will partner with Sysdig support, customer success, and professional services teams to ensure Sysdig customers are power users of the product
- You will demonstrate a strong understanding of the security landscape and explain the general challenges of securing cloud-native applications
- You will be a trusted advisor to customers and prospects, helping them navigate this new technology space

## What you will bring with you

- 3 or more years of experience as a Sales Engineer
- Demonstrate a solid understanding of the technical sales process
- An expert understanding of Cloud and related technologies
- A history of success working directly with end users
- Experience balancing multiple customers while achieving positive outcomes

## What we look for

- Virtualisation, containerisation and microservices experience
- Certifications such as CISSP, CKA, CKS, AWS, GCP or Azure
- SAAS experience ideally across multiple clouds
- Familiarity with CSPM, Container and Cloud security, IAC
- Experience presenting at industry events and meet ups
- Fluency in French and English.

## When you join Sysdig, you can expect:

- Extra days off to prioritize your well-being
- Mental health support for you and your family through the Modern Health app
- Great compensation package

We would love for you to join us! Please reach out even if your experience doesn't perfectly match the job description. We can always explore other options after starting the conversation. Your background and passion will set you apart, especially if your career path is different.

Some of our Hiring Managers are globally distributed, an English version of your CV will be appreciated.

*Sysdig values a diverse workplace and encourages women, people of color, LGBTQIA+ individuals, people with disabilities, members of ethnic minorities, foreign-born residents, and veterans to apply. Sysdig is an equal-opportunity employer. Sysdig does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity, or any other legally protected status.*

*#LI-MC1*

*#LI-Remote*