<p>
  <strong>Headquarters:</strong> Remote - USA
</p>

<p><strong>About Equip&nbsp;</strong></p><p>Equip is the leading virtual, evidence-based eating disorder treatment program on a mission to ensure that everyone with an eating disorder can access treatment that works. Created by clinical experts in the field and people with lived experience, Equip builds upon evidence-based treatments to empower individuals to reach lasting recovery. All Equip patients receive a dedicated care team, including a therapist, dietitian, physician, and peer and family mentor. The company operates in all 50 states and is partnered with most major health insurance plans. Learn more about our strong <a href="https://equip.health/outcomes">outcomes</a> and treatment approach at <a href="http://www.equip.health">www.equip.health.</a></p><p>Founded in 2019, Equip has been a fully virtual company since its inception and is proud of the highly-engaged, passionate, and diverse Equisters that have created Equip’s culture.&nbsp; Recognized by <a href="https://time.com/collection/time100-companies-2023/6285207/equip/">Time</a> as one of the most influential companies of 2023, along with awards from <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/linkedin-top-startups-2022-50-us-companies-rise-linkedin-news/">Linkedin</a> and<a href="https://lattice.com/blog/announcing-the-2023-finalists-for-lattices-people-success-awards"> Lattice</a>, we are grateful to Equipsters for building a sustainable treatment program that has served thousands of patients and families.</p><p><strong>About the role</strong></p><p>We are looking for a passionate Product Manager to join us to improve the user experience of our in house data analytics platform, with a focus on clinical and operations stakeholders. Data is the backbone of Equip—we use it every day to support business processes, measure our success, and inform our decisions. As the Product Manager for the analytics team, you will collaborate with domain experts to identify opportunities to use data to improve how data is organized, curated, discovered, and used throughout the organization.</p><p>The Product Manager will apply a creative, rigorous, and efficient approach to product management. You will be a critical member of our team, collaborating with Data Analysts, Data Scientists, Data Engineers, and internal stakeholders. You will help develop and drive the roadmap for our data initiatives and work towards a strategy for enabling the organization to self-serve data needs as we scale. If you’re eager to work in a dynamic, fast-moving environment where you’ll strive to make a big impact at a mission-driven organization, then this might be the right fit for you!</p><p><strong>Responsibilities</strong></p><ul><li><p>Be a thought partner with our clinical, operations, and product development departments to identify data initiatives that support both departmental and organizational goals.</p></li><li><p>Advocate for the needs of your stakeholders when working with our analysts, data engineering and application development teams, third parties, and other cross-functional stakeholders.</p></li><li><p>Develop a strategy and roadmap for improving the user experience of our analytics users and other data consumers.</p></li><li><p>Work closely with your Data Analyst, Engineering, and Data Scientist counterparts to come up with innovative ways to execute on the data roadmap, ensuring tight timelines and successful launches.</p></li><li><p>Utilize testing, user research, and market analysis to iterate on features, derive insights, and enhance customer/user satisfaction.</p></li><li><p>Design and prepare product requirement documents, including articulating the business case, value proposition, trade-offs, and user stories.</p></li><li><p>Drive features from development to launch in an agile scrum environment by coordinating and participating in development activities including daily standups, backlog grooming, retrospectives, sprint planning, demos, and other scrum ceremonies.</p></li><li><p>Monitor usage and satisfaction of our data products to identify gaps and opportunities.</p></li><li><p>Work towards improving the data literacy in the organization and enabling meaningful self-service analytics.</p></li><li><p>Demonstrate empathy and curiosity when approaching all complex issues (be they technical, societal, or personal) and share a genuine interest in solving problems for our users.</p></li><li><p>Operate with a high degree of autonomy in a growing, early-stage work environment.</p></li><li><p>Find ways to improve efficiency and excellence in our product development process.</p></li><li><p>Perform other duties as assigned.</p></li></ul><p></p><p><strong>Qualifications</strong></p><ul><li><p>Bachelor’s degree in a quantitative, technical, or business-related field (e.g., Computer Science, Engineering, Economics, Statistics, Information Systems, or equivalent practical experience).</p></li><li><p>4+ years of experience as a Product Manager within a high-growth company, ideally working on data products and/or products in the healthcare domain OR equivalent relevant experience in analytics, reporting, or research with some product experience.</p></li><li><p>Proven track record of successfully delivering features on time following agile methodologies and best practices.</p></li><li><p>Strong analytical skills, including the ability to clean, visualize, and present compelling narratives using data.</p></li><li><p>Familiarity with data modeling, schema design, ETL/ELT pipelines, data lineage, and storage architectures.</p></li><li><p>The ability to read and write SQL.</p></li><li><p>Demonstrated business sense and intellectual curiosity with the desire to become a subject matter expert in eating disorder treatments.</p></li><li><p>Organizational and project management skills with a demonstrated ability to balance numerous projects while meeting tight deadlines.</p></li><li><p>Attention to detail.</p></li><li><p>Effective interpersonal skills, particularly in building relationships, working collaboratively, and influencing and driving alignment.</p></li><li><p>Strong written and verbal communication skills.</p></li><li><p>Comfortable working in a fast-paced environment with changing priorities.</p></li></ul><p><strong>Benefits </strong></p><p><strong>Time Off:</strong></p><ul><li><p>Flex PTO policy (3-5 wks/year recommended) + 11 paid company holidays.</p></li></ul><p><strong>Medical Benefits: </strong></p><ul><li><p>Competitive Medical, Dental, Vision, Life, and AD&amp;D insurance.</p></li><li><p>Equip pays for a <strong>significant percentage of benefits premiums for individuals and families.</strong></p></li><li><p>Maven, a <strong>company paid reproductive and family care benefit</strong> for all employees. </p></li><li><p>Employee Assistance Program (EAP), a <strong>company paid resource for mental health, legal services, financial support, and more! </strong></p></li></ul><p><strong>Other Benefits</strong></p><p><strong>Work From Home Additional Perks: </strong></p><ul><li><p>$50/month stipend added directly to an employee’s paycheck to cover home internet expenses. </p></li><li><p>One-time work from home stipend of up to $500. </p></li></ul><p><strong>Physical Demands</strong></p><p>Work is performed 100% from home with no requirement to travel. This is a stationary position that requires the ability to operate standard office equipment and keyboards as well as to talk or hear by telephone. Sit or stand as needed.</p><p>At Equip, Diversity, Equity, Inclusion and Belonging (DEIB) are woven into everything we do. At the heart of Equip’s mission is a relentless dedication to making sure that everyone with an eating disorder has access to care that works regardless of race, gender, sexuality, ability, weight, socio-economic status, and any marginalized identity. We also strive toward our providers and corporate team reflecting that same dedication both in bringing in <em>and</em> retaining talented employees from all backgrounds and identities. We have an Equip DEIB council, Equip For All; also referred to as EFA. <em>EFA at Equip aims to be a space driven by mutual respect, and thoughtful, effective communication strategy - enabling full participation of&nbsp; members who identify as marginalized or under-represented and allies, amplifying diverse voices, creating opportunities for advocacy and contributing to the advancement of diversity, equity, inclusion, and belonging at Equip.</em></p><p>As an equal opportunity employer, we provide equal opportunity in all aspects of employment, including recruiting, hiring, compensation, training and promotion, termination, and any other terms and conditions of employment without regard to race, ethnicity, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, familial status, age, disability, weight, and/or any other legally protected classification protected by federal, state, or local law.&nbsp;</p><p>Our dedication to equitable access, which is core to our mission, extends to how we build our "village." In line with our commitment to Diversity, Equity, Inclusion, and Belonging (DEIB), we are dedicated to an accessible hiring process where all candidates feel a true sense of belonging. If you require a reasonable accommodation to complete your application, interview, or perform the essential functions of a role, we invite you to reach out to our People team at <a href="mailto:accommodations@equip.health">accommodations@equip.health</a>.</p><p><em>#LI-Remote</em></p>

<p><strong>To apply:</strong> <a href="https://weworkremotely.com/remote-jobs/equip-health-product-manager-ii-reporting-analytics">https://weworkremotely.com/remote-jobs/equip-health-product-manager-ii-reporting-analytics</a></p>