<div class="content-intro"><p><strong>Secure Every Identity, from AI to Human<br><br></strong>Identity is the key to unlocking the potential of AI. Okta secures AI by building the trusted, neutral infrastructure that enables organizations to safely embrace this new era. This work requires a relentless drive to solve complex challenges with real-world stakes. We are looking for builders and owners who operate with speed and urgency and execute with excellence.<br><br>This is an opportunity to do career-defining work. We're all in on this mission. If you are too, let's talk.</p></div><h2 id="Background" data-local-id="76dcddf0-9f24-447e-8421-d25ae4484c3c" data-renderer-start-pos="380">Background</h2>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="392" data-local-id="227c2a33-7b78-4e42-b55e-d2df672b8f46">As the Principal Product Manager for Login, you will own the "front door" for hundreds of millions of users accessing thousands of global products and services. The Login team at Auth0 provides highly secure, customizable, and performant hosted login authentication, enabling billions of successful logins for end-users around the world.</p>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="731" data-local-id="85079e37-f820-4e70-ac30-1fd773433209">This is a high-impact, high-visibility role. You will be responsible for defining the future of the hosted login experience—defining secure-by-design authentication flows that empower customers to offer the low-friction UX that modern brands demand. You aren't just building a login box; you are building flexible, secure, and seamless access to products and services offered by the worlds biggest and most recognizable brands.</p>
<h2 id="Role-overview" data-local-id="0cb2773b-78c1-4519-96fb-d92dbbd66bce" data-renderer-start-pos="1160">Role overview</h2>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="1175" data-local-id="11581910-e735-48cf-bde8-87c090f64785">We need an experienced, technical product manager to direct the evolution of Universal Login and supporting capabilities to yield measurable business outcomes.</p>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="1337" data-local-id="7beaa15f-4cab-4905-8292-db6ae7bcab44">The Principal Product Manager in this role will translate high-level, strategic direction into actionable requirements and user stories. They will work with stakeholders to deliver rapid, incremental customer value aligned with a north star vision for providing world-class authentication methods. They will actively negotiate scope to maintain momentum, balance technical innovation with customer requests, and ensure exceptional standards of quality.</p>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="1791" data-local-id="497d5822-45f2-4ad6-82e0-99939b37385c">The Principal Product Manager will not merely execute a roadmap, but will architect long-term plans and define a vision for the future of Login. This is a leadership role, requiring effective collaboration with product, engineering, design, executive leadership, and customers. The product manager will partner with marketing, documentation, design, and other teams to bring new capabilities to market. More details in the candidate shape / job description.</p>
<h2 data-renderer-start-pos="1791" data-local-id="497d5822-45f2-4ad6-82e0-99939b37385c">Must Have</h2>
<ul class="ak-ul" data-local-id="3ed83d1c-ff45-467e-9088-08b101aaaf85" data-indent-level="1">
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="2283" data-local-id="051cee24-9494-4824-8ca9-b3f189fb6bb0">Developer awareness/experience - Our primary personas are developers. The PM must understand developer needs first-hand; especially as many capabilities are exposed via Actions (experience with Node.js is a huge plus).</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="2505" data-local-id="f1a80d6c-fe65-4ab8-a5ed-37d5a9f6bcb5">Familiarity with Identity, Login and Multi-Factor Authentication patterns, products, and concepts</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="2606" data-local-id="2d828875-7eb5-49c3-a29d-73bba19dc080">Leadership qualities - A PM is a leadership role and and the PM is expected to exhibit initiative, discretion, calm amidst stress, and be able to represent their work up and across the organization</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="2807" data-local-id="2bc684c8-6fad-4feb-b105-bbbfc1ec33c1">Strong desire to learn - Auth0 is a large, complex product and the PM has to invest the time to learn how MFA/authentication methods work across the product; both from a customer perspective and in terms of dependencies/interactivity</p>
</li>
</ul>
<h2>Nice To Have:</h2>
<ul class="ak-ul" data-local-id="01194a30-6d23-4f85-a7dc-5b504a2b6991" data-indent-level="1">
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="3067" data-local-id="4c597db4-5de7-44c8-899b-36a8354731d6">Experience implementing CIC/Auth0</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="3104" data-local-id="836c3009-42cf-415e-9d06-ac1b533de019">Previous employment in identity, security, or adjacent companies<br><br><br><br></p>
</li>
</ul>
<p>#LI-Hybrid</p>
<p>P-3290</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p><div class="content-pay-transparency"><div class="pay-input"><div class="description"><p>Below is the annual base salary range for candidates located in California (excluding San Francisco Bay Area), Colorado, Illinois, New York and Washington. Your actual base salary will depend on factors such as your skills, qualifications, experience, and work location. In addition, Okta offers equity (where applicable), bonus, and benefits, including health, dental and vision insurance, 401(k), flexible spending account, and paid leave (including PTO and parental leave) in accordance with our applicable plans and policies. To learn more about our Total Rewards program please visit:<a href="https://rewards.okta.com/us"> https://rewards.okta.com/us</a>.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;</p></div><div class="title">The annual base salary range for this position for candidates located in California (excluding San Francisco Bay Area), Colorado, Illinois, New York, and Washington is between:</div><div class="pay-range"><span>$220,000</span><span class="divider">&mdash;</span><span>$302,500 USD</span></div></div></div><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong><br>The Okta Experience</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><a href="http://rewards.okta.com">Supporting Your Well-Being</a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="https://www.okta.com/company/okta-for-good/">Driving Social Impact&nbsp;</a></li>
<li><a href="https://www.okta.com/company/talent-connection-community/">Developing Talent and Fostering Connection + Community</a></li>
</ul>
<p>We are intentional about connection. Our global community, spanning over 20 offices worldwide, is united by a drive to innovate. Your journey begins with an immersive, in-person onboarding experience designed to accelerate your impact and connect you to our mission and team from day one.<br><br>Okta is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, marital status, age, physical or mental disability, or status as a protected veteran. We also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and convictions records, consistent with applicable laws.<br><br>If reasonable accommodation is needed to complete any part of the job application, interview process, or onboarding please&nbsp;<a href="https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1EfiEYZrIyhA2X4Fijk0R3RKYOzNoS3wtvyM4nhbZnXE/edit">use this Form</a> to request an accommodation.<br><br>Notice for New York City Applicants &amp; Employees: Okta may use Automated Employment Decision Tools (AEDT), as defined by New York City Local Law 144, that use artificial intelligence, machine learning, or other automated processes to assist in our recruitment and hiring process. In accordance with NYC Local Law 144, if you are an applicant or employee residing in New York City, please&nbsp;<a href="https://talent.okta.com/new-york-city-aedt-notice.html">click here</a> to view our full NYC AEDT Notice.<br><br>Okta is committed to complying with applicable data privacy and security laws and regulations. For more information, please see our Personnel and Job Candidate Privacy Notice at&nbsp;<a href="https://www.okta.com/legal/personnel-policy/">https://www.okta.com/legal/personnel-policy/</a>.</p></div>