<p><strong>This is Adyen</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Adyen provides payments, data, and financial products in a single solution for customers like Meta, Uber, H&amp;M, and Microsoft - making us the financial technology platform of choice. At Adyen, everything we do is engineered for ambition.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">For our teams, we create an environment with opportunities for our people to succeed, backed by the culture and support to ensure they are enabled to truly own their careers. We are motivated individuals who tackle unique technical challenges at scale and solve them as a team. Together, we deliver innovative and ethical solutions that help businesses achieve their ambitions faster.</span></p>
<p><strong>Senior Tech &amp; Security Regulatory Officer</strong></p>
<p>Adyen is looking for a Senior Tech &amp; Security Regulatory Officer to join the tech regulatory team within the Platform Engineering group. The Platform Engineering group enables our internal engineering teams to quickly and autonomously build products for our customers, at massive scale and speed. As a Senior Tech and Security Regulatory Officer in Platform Engineering, you are responsible for ensuring that our products and services comply with APAC regulations and laws. You actively engage, bring together, and communicate with people from various teams to be successful in ensuring continued compliance of products and services.</p>
<p><strong>What you’ll do</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Representing the company in technology and cybersecurity related discussions with APAC regulators and manage requests from regulators and auditors to ensure successful audit cycles/certifications (e.g. RBI audits, MAS audits, BNM audits, system audits (SAR), ISO Audits, PCI-DSS, SOC 1 &amp; 2 audits, banking partner audits, network audits, statutory auditors)</li>
<li>Ensuring processes (such as network access management, admin account management, key management, security detection and monitoring, incident management, business continuity management) comply with regulatory requirements and technology risks are mitigated&nbsp;</li>
<li>Representing the company in discussions with regulators and other external stakeholders like customers for cybersecurity</li>
<li>Coordinating and evaluating business continuity testing/drills and incident management related tabletops/trainings with board members and incident response teams for India/APAC</li>
<li>Adopting tech and security procedures/directives as required</li>
<li>Conducting research and providing guidance on regulatory requirements to global teams, executives, board members and providing guidance to the business on how to comply with them.</li>
<li>Implementing new security/tech requirements if and when we apply for additional licenses in APAC</li>
<li>Preparing technology and security monitoring reports for external and internal stakeholders (and IT/Executive committees)</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>What you need to succeed</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>A strong understanding of APAC&nbsp; technical and security regulations and laws</li>
<li>Experience working in a regulatory role, preferably within a financial services and/or technical environment</li>
<li>Affinity and hands-on experience with engineering and the ability to understand complex financial products and services</li>
<li>Strong analytical and research skills</li>
<li>Excellent written and verbal communication skills</li>
<li>The ability to work independently and manage multiple projects simultaneously that may span across teams and time zones</li>
<li>A proactive and collaborative approach to problem-solving</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Who you are</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>A minimum of 8-10 years of relevant working experience as a technology auditor/advisor or within a cyber security role for a fintech/bank/financial institution</li>
<li>Experience leading, growing, mentoring Tech/Security regulatory teams strongly preferred</li>
<li>Experience within the payments industry is not required, but experience within a technology environment is a huge plus</li>
<li>You have experience communicating complex technical and non-technical information in an understandable way to a wide audience, including internal and external teams</li>
<li>You are detail-oriented, analytical, and able to work independently</li>
<li>You are a team player who enjoys collaborating with others and contributing to the success of the business</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Our Diversity, Equity and Inclusion commitments&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Our unique approach is a product of our diverse perspectives. This diversity of backgrounds and cultures is essential in helping us maintain our momentum. Our business and technical challenges are unique, and we need as many different voices as possible to join us in solving them - voices like yours. No matter who you are or where you’re from, we welcome you to be your true self at Adyen.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Studies show that women and members of underrepresented communities apply for jobs only if they meet 100% of the qualifications. Does this sound like you? If so, Adyen encourages you to reconsider and apply. We look forward to your application!</span></p>
<p><strong>What’s next?</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Ensuring a smooth and enjoyable candidate experience is critical for us. We aim to get back to you regarding your application within 5 business days. Our interview process tends to take about 4 weeks to complete, but may fluctuate depending on the role. </span><a href="https://careers.adyen.com/how-we-hire"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Learn more about our hiring process here</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">. Don’t be afraid to let us know if you need more flexibility.</span></p>
<p>This role is based out of our Bengaluru office. We are an office-first company and value in-person collaboration; we do not offer remote-only roles.</p>