<h2><strong>About the Role</strong></h2>
<p>We’re expanding our team of dynamic and driven Account Executives at Lattice, and we’re searching for exceptional talent to help us elevate our sales efforts. This is a unique opportunity for ambitious sales professionals who excel in managing high-velocity sales cycles while navigating strategic sales processes.</p>
<p>At Lattice, sales goes beyond merely pitching a vision or closing deals; it’s about crafting exceptional experiences and building meaningful partnerships with our customers. As an Account Executive, you’ll act as a trusted advisor, mastering the Lattice platform and staying ahead of trends in performance management, employee engagement, and HR/People Ops.</p>
<p>This role offers an exciting chance to influence the company’s direction and shape the future of our Sales team. Join us in a fast-paced, motivated, and supportive environment, where your contributions will propel Lattice to new heights. We’re committed to your growth, with abundant opportunities for career development and personal advancement.</p>
<h2><strong>What You Will Do</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Drive new business acquisitions to consistently meet or exceed monthly sales quotas.</li>
<li>Prospect and engage cold accounts, contributing to 30% of your monthly target.</li>
<li>Conduct insightful discovery calls to identify and address potential customers' business challenges and goals.</li>
<li>Showcase deep knowledge of Lattice products and their industry positioning to assist customers in evaluating our solutions.</li>
<li>Onboard 6-12 new customers each month, contributing to our rapid growth.</li>
<li>Thrive in a dynamic, startup environment experiencing exceptional growth and change</li>
<li>Work closely with both the sales and technical teams to ensure the smooth communication and execution of projects, as well as the identification of opportunities for upselling and cross-selling to meet and exceed your quota.</li>
<li>Own the strategic contract renewal process, mitigating risks, driving client value, and maintaining a high retention rate by proactively understanding the buying process, negotiating effectively, and securing client commitments.</li>
<li>Proactively mitigate churn risk by adopting a holistic, customer-centric approach</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>What You Will Bring to the Table</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Proven track record in generating new business and surpassing sales targets.</li>
<li>2+ years of SaaS full-cycle closing experience with a strong sales background.</li>
<li>Exceptional verbal and written communication skills.</li>
<li>A strong commitment to Lattice’s mission and values, including Ship Shipmate Self, Clear Eyes, Own the Outcome, and What’s Next?</li>
</ul>
<p>If you’re a proactive, results-driven sales professional ready to make a significant impact, we’d love to hear from you. Join us and be part of a team that’s redefining the future of sales and customer experience at Lattice.</p>
<h2><em style="font-size: 14px;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">The estimated annual cash salary for this role is $70,875 - $84,000. This position is also eligible for incentive stock options, subject to the terms of Lattice’s applicable plans.</span></em></h2>
<p><em><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position is also eligible for variable compensation of </span></em><em>$70,875 - $84,000 </em><em>subject to personal performance, company performance, and the terms of Lattice’s applicable plans.</em></p>
<p><em><span style="font-weight: 400;">Benefits: The Company offers the following benefits for this position, subject to applicable eligibility requirements: Medical insurance; Dental insurance; Vision insurance; Life, AD&amp;D, and Disability Insurance; Emergency Weather Support; Wellness Apps; Paid Parental Leave, Paid Time off inclusive of holidays and sick time; Commuter &amp; Parking Accounts; Lunches in the Office; Internet and Phone Stipend; One time WFH Office Set-Up Stipend; 401(k) retirement plan; Financial Planning; Learning &amp; Development Budget; and Invest in Your People Fund</span></em></p>
<p><em><span style="font-weight: 400;">\*Note on Pay Transparency:</span></em></p>
<p><em><span style="font-weight: 400;">Lattice provides an estimate of the compensation for roles that may be hired as required by state regulations. Compensation may vary based on (a) location, as Lattice factors in specific location when benchmarking compensation for most roles; (b) individual candidate skills and qualifications; and (c) individual candidate experience.</span></em></p>
<p><em><span style="font-weight: 400;">Additionally, Lattice leverages current market data to determine compensation, so posted compensation figures are subject to change as new market data becomes available. The salary, other compensation, and benefits information is accurate as of the date of this posting. Lattice reserves the right to modify this information at any time, subject to applicable law.</span></em></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><em><span style="font-weight: 400;">#LI-REMOTE</span></em></p><div class="content-conclusion"><h2><strong>About Lattice</strong></h2>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Lattice is on a mission to build cultures where employees and their companies thrive. In an age where employees have more choices than ever before, businesses that put employees first are winning 🏅– and Lattice is building the tools to empower those people-centric companies. </span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Lattice is a people success platform that offers performance reviews, employee engagement surveys, real-time feedback, weekly check-ins, goal setting, and career planning in a way that allows companies to focus on employee development, growth, and engagement – yielding stronger employee retention, performance, and impact to the bottom line 📈. Since launching in 2016, we have grown to over 5,000+ customers globally, including brands like Loom, Robinhood, and Gusto.</span><span style="font-weight: 400;">&nbsp;</span></p>
<hr>
<p><em><span style="font-weight: 400;">Lattice is committed to equal treatment and opportunity in all aspects of recruitment, selection, and employment without regard to gender, race, religion, national origin, ethnicity, disability, gender identity/expression, sexual orientation, veteran or military status, or any other category protected under the law. Lattice is an equal opportunity employer; committed to a community of inclusion, and an environment free from discrimination, harassment, and retaliation.</span></em></p>
<p><em><span style="font-weight: 400;">By clicking the "Submit Application" button below, you consent to Lattice processing your personal information for the purpose of assessing your candidacy for this position in accordance with</span></em><a href="https://lattice.com/privacy/job-applicant-privacy-policy"><em><span style="font-weight: 400;"> </span></em><span style="text-decoration: underline;"><em><span style="font-weight: 400;">Lattice's Job Applicant Privacy Policy</span></em></span></a><span style="text-decoration: underline;"><em><span style="font-weight: 400;">.</span></em></span></p></div>