<p><strong>Snapshot&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>We are seeking a trailblazing Global Event Programs Lead on a fixed term contract&nbsp; to develop and deliver pioneering events and experiences for one of the most innovative organisations of our time. This isn't just about event management; it’s about harnessing strategic creativity to lead a high performing team in an era where AI is redefining what’s possible.</p>
<p>You will design the physical touchpoints and experiences that bring our technology to life, build trust in our mission, and foster the deep, interdisciplinary collaboration required to "solve intelligence."</p>
<p><strong>About Us</strong>&nbsp;</p>
<p>We’re a dedicated scientific community, committed to “solving intelligence” and ensuring our technology is used for widespread public benefit. We’ve built a supportive and inclusive environment where collaboration is encouraged and learning is shared freely.</p>
<p>We don’t set limits based on what others think is possible or impossible. We drive ourselves and inspire each other to push boundaries and achieve ambitious goals. We constantly iterate on our workplace experience with the goal of ensuring it encourages a balanced life. From excellent office facilities to extensive manager support, we strive to support our people and their needs as effectively as possible.</p>
<p><strong>The Role&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>As the Global Event Programs Lead, you will report directly to the Director of Global Events and Experiences, partner closely with the Event Operations Lead, and lead a team of 8 dedicated event managers. This role is global covering Americas, EMEA and APAC.&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li><strong>Internal Impact:</strong> You will curate experiences for 5,500+ of the world’s leading minds. From high-stakes hackathons to cross-disciplinary summits, your work ensures that we maximise our impact across Google DeepMind and Google, keeping our culture as innovative as our research.</li>
<li><strong>External Frontier:</strong> You will build events that engage the global scientific, education, health, and business communities, as well as government bodies and the public. As we enter uncharted territory, you will create unique, high-trust experiences that demonstrate how AI can be a force for widespread public benefit.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Key Responsibilities</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Design a global events portfolio that mirrors GDM’s position on the frontier of science and technology.</li>
<li>Cultivate trusted relationships with senior internal stakeholders, providing expert partnership and thought leadership to teams across Google DeepMind and Google.</li>
<li>Ensure flawless delivery by employing best-in-class event project management and operational rigor.</li>
<li>Drive impact by constantly iterating and innovating event formats at pace to increase engagement.</li>
<li>Maintain curiosity in the AI landscape and events industry, using global insights to inform our engagement strategy.</li>
<li>Lead and develop a team of 8 event managers based in London, UK and Mountain View, California.</li>
<li>Deputise for the Director of Global Events &amp; Experiences when required.</li>
<li>Agency/Vendor management, budget management, and compliance with health, safety, and security governance.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>About You&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>You are motivated by the opportunity to work for a mission-driven organisation where events are integral. In this role, you aren’t following a playbook—you’re writing it!</p>
<p>To set you up for success, we are looking for:</p>
<ul>
<li>Senior-level experience leading complex internal and external event programmes, ideally within a high-growth technology or scientific environment.</li>
<li>AI Fluency: A deep curiosity for the AI landscape and a track record of using emerging technology to enhance human connection.</li>
<li>The ability to "join the dots" across a complex global organisation, moving beyond execution to design holistic strategies that maximise impact.</li>
<li>&nbsp;A proven mentor who can inspire a team of 8 across different time zones, fostering a culture of excellence and bold experimentation.</li>
<li>A creative mindset with the ability to take nascent, complex scientific concepts and translate them into world-class tangible experiences.</li>
<li>A confident and influential communicator who builds trusted partnerships with senior leadership, stakeholders and partners.</li>
<li>Resilience &amp; Agility: The ability to lead through ambiguity and change,&nbsp; in a fast-paced, high-stakes environment.</li>
<li>Exceptional project and budget management skills&nbsp;</li>
<li>A collaborative, inclusive approach&nbsp;</li>
<li>Flexibility to travel internationally.</li>
</ul>
<p>At Google DeepMind, we value diversity of experience, knowledge, backgrounds and perspectives and harness these qualities to create extraordinary impact. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of sex, race, religion or belief, ethnic or national origin, disability, age, citizenship, marital, domestic or civil partnership status, sexual orientation, gender identity, pregnancy, or related condition (including breastfeeding) or any other basis as protected by applicable law. If you have a disability or additional need that requires accommodation, please do not hesitate to let us know</p>