<div class="content-intro"><h3><strong>About Us at GoCardless</strong></h3>
<p>GoCardless is a <strong>global bank payment</strong> company. Over <strong>100,000 businesses</strong>, from start-ups to household names, use GoCardless to collect and send payments through direct debit, real-time payments and open banking.&nbsp;</p>
<p>GoCardless processes <strong>US$130bn+</strong> of payments annually, across <strong>30+ countries</strong>; helping customers collect and send both <strong>recurring</strong> and <strong>one-off payments</strong>, without the chasing, stress or expensive fees. We use AI-powered solutions to improve payment success and reduce fraud. And, with open banking connectivity to over <strong>2,500 banks</strong>, we help our customers make faster, more informed decisions.</p>
<p>We are headquartered in the<strong> UK</strong> with offices in <strong>London</strong> and <strong>Leeds</strong>, and additional locations in <strong>Australia, France, Ireland, Latvia, Portugal</strong> and the <strong>United States.</strong></p>
<p>At GoCardless, we're all about <strong>supporting you</strong>! We’re committed to making our hiring process <strong>inclusive</strong> and <strong>accessible</strong>. If you need extra support or adjustments, reach out to your <strong>Talent Partner</strong> — we’re here to help!&nbsp;</p>
<p>And remember: we don’t expect you to meet every single requirement. If you’re excited by this role, <strong>we encourage you to apply!</strong></p></div><h3><strong>The role</strong></h3>
<p>Your mission is to operate the technical and tooling capabilities of our front-line Operations teams, focusing on optimising and improving team efficiency. The teams you support will include Customer Operations, KYC and Compliance, and Internal Operations (Billing and Credit Control).</p>
<h3><strong>Our technologies</strong></h3>
<p>We endeavour to build simple, reliable systems and believe in using the best technologies for each task. Joining the team, you'll be working with <strong>Zendesk</strong>, <strong>Salesforce</strong>, <strong>Looker</strong>, <strong>Qualtrics</strong>, and <strong>Ruby</strong> (to overcome any system limitations).</p>
<p>You're not expected to have expertise in all these technologies. Our team members picked up the tools once they started working with the team. If you're unsure, but you’ve got a broad base of experience with other SAAS tools, please apply.</p>
<h3><strong>About the Service Management Team</strong></h3>
<p>The new Service Management is responsible for improving our processes, efficiency, and use of technology in serving our customers. Our aim is to create experiences that delight, while being as efficient as possible. We focus on everything from refining processes as we scale, automating as much as we can, and deploying AI solutions to handle as much of the work as possible.&nbsp;</p>
<p>We build systems that support everything from onboarding and account queries, through to complex fraud and credit investigations. Consequently, we get to work with a very wide range of GoCardless’s systems. Everything from our big data systems, our core product, 3rd party detection tools, and our customer support and ticketing systems. We get to see our customers through their entire lifecycle on the platform.</p>
<p>This is an ideal for the curious, those who look at something and cannot help but wonder why it works, and how to make it better. This is a role for someone who wants to work with a wide range of other functions, and is always willing to try something new.</p>
<h3>What excites you</h3>
<ul>
<li>You’ll help grow and maintain the internal systems, codebases, and tools being used, ensuring these systems are integrated where required.</li>
<li>Create, own, and maintain technical process documentation.</li>
<li>Work with Operations leaders to identify inefficiencies in team and cross-functional processes and take ownership of improving these.</li>
<li>Be the technical voice for Operations across all other tech functions to enable us to understand how our tooling interacts across the lifecycle.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Work with other tech functions on supplier integration, sundown, and implementation projects focusing on the technical impact of Operations tooling.</li>
</ul>
<h3>What excites us</h3>
<ul>
<li>You’ve worked with Zendesk (omnichannel) and Qualtrics as an admin</li>
<li>You're able to utilise APIs where necessary to overcome system limitations</li>
<li>You’re familiar with version control tools e.g. Github</li>
<li>You’re curious and need to understand how everything fits together. If someone can’t tell you the answer, you’ll find a way to figure it out</li>
<li>You have a proven record of improving internal processes, demonstrated by cost reduction, better customer experience and efficiency improvements</li>
<li>You’ve written code in Ruby</li>
</ul>
<p>We don’t expect you to meet every requirement. If you’re excited by this role, we encourage you to apply.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Base salary range:</strong> €48,000 - €72,000</p>
<p>Base salary ranges are based on role, job level, location, and market data.&nbsp; Please note that whilst we strive to offer competitive compensation, our approach is to pay between the <span style="text-decoration: underline;">minimum and the mid-point</span> of the pay range until performance can be assessed in role. Offers will take into account level of experience, interview assessment, budgets and parity between you and fellow employees at GoCardless doing similar work.</p><div class="content-conclusion"><h3><strong>The Good Stuff!</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li><strong>Wellbeing</strong>: Dedicated support and medical cover to keep you healthy.</li>
<li><strong>Work Away Scheme</strong>: Work from anywhere for up to 90 days in any 12-month period.</li>
<li><strong>Hybrid Working</strong>: Our hybrid model offers flexibility, with in-office days determined by your team.</li>
<li><strong>Equity</strong>: All permanently employed GeeCees get equity to share in our success.</li>
<li><strong>Parental leave</strong>: Tailored leave to support your life's great adventure.</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><strong data-stringify-type="bold">Time off:</strong>&nbsp;Annual holiday leave based on your location, supplemented by 3 volunteer days and 4 wellness days.</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>Life at GoCardless </strong></h3>
<p>We're an organisation defined by our&nbsp;<a class="c-link" href="https://gocardless.com/g/values-operating-principles/" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://gocardless.com/g/values-operating-principles/" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">values</a>; We <strong>start with why</strong> before we begin any project, to ensure it’s aligned with our mission. We <strong>make it happen</strong>, working with urgency and taking personal accountability for getting things done. We <strong>act with integrity</strong>, always. We <strong>care deeply</strong> about what we do and we know it's essential that we <strong>be humble</strong> whilst we do it. Our Values form part of the GoCardless DNA, and are used to not only help us nurture and develop our culture, but to deliver impactful work that will help us to achieve our vision.</p>
<h3><strong>Diversity &amp; Inclusion</strong></h3>
<p>We’re building the <strong>payment network of the future</strong>, and to achieve our goal, we need a <strong>diverse team</strong> with a range of perspectives and experiences. As of July 2024, here’s where we stand:</p>
<ul>
<li>45% identify as women&nbsp;</li>
<li>23% identify as Black, Asian, Mixed, or Other&nbsp;</li>
<li>10% identify as LGBTQIA+&nbsp;</li>
<li>9% identify as neurodiverse&nbsp;</li>
<li>2% identify as disabled&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p>If you want to learn more, you can read about our Employee Resource Groups and objectives <a href="https://gocardless.com/about/diversity-inclusion/">here</a> as well as our latest<a href="https://gocardless.com/assets/40w0m41bmydz/3hqJy4SUqZqW3BmBHlESUe/d1c7932b97b8a8ebcd0fb07418432fe9/GoCardless\_Diversity\_\_\_Inclusion\_Report\_2022.pdf"> </a><a href="https://assets.ctfassets.net/40w0m41bmydz/zGxwfm2rTwqXV4bwOMODR/8c303a244c90e49c9fa7c2ede11cf1e6/GoCardless\_Diversity\_and\_Inclusion\_Report\_20230731\_\_1\_.pdf" target="\_blank">D&amp;I Report</a><strong>&nbsp;</strong></p>
<h3><strong>Sustainability at GoCardless</strong></h3>
<p>We’re committed to reducing our&nbsp;<strong>environmental impact</strong> and leaving a sustainable world for future generations. As co-founders of the <strong>Tech Zero coalition</strong>, we’re working towards a <strong>climate-positive future</strong>. Check out our sustainability<a href="https://gocardless.com/sustainability/" target="\_blank"> action plan</a> here.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Find out more about Life at GoCardless via <a href="https://x.com/gocardless" target="\_blank">X</a>,<a href="http://instagram.com/lifeatgocardless" target="\_blank"> Instagram</a> and<a href="http://linkedin.com/company/gocardless" target="\_blank"> LinkedIn</a>.&nbsp;</strong></p></div>