<div class="content-intro"><p>Intercom is the AI Customer Service company on a mission to help businesses provide incredible customer experiences.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Our AI agent Fin, the most advanced customer service AI agent on the market, lets businesses deliver always-on, impeccable customer service and ultimately transform their customer experiences for the better. Fin can also be combined with our Helpdesk to become a complete solution called the Intercom Customer Service Suite, which provides AI enhanced support for the more complex or high touch queries that require a human agent.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Founded in 2011 and trusted by nearly 30,000 global businesses, Intercom is setting the new standard for customer service. Driven by our core values, we push boundaries, build with speed and intensity, and consistently deliver incredible value to our customers.</p></div><div class="job\_\_header">
<div class="job\_\_title">
<div class="job\_\_location">&nbsp;</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="job\_\_description body">
<div>
<p>Intercom is the AI Customer Service company on a mission to help businesses provide incredible customer experiences.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Our AI agent Fin, the most advanced customer service AI agent on the market, lets businesses deliver always-on, impeccable customer service and ultimately transform their customer experiences for the better. Fin can also be combined with our Helpdesk to become a complete solution called the Intercom Customer Service Suite, which provides AI enhanced support for the more complex or high touch queries that require a human agent.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Founded in 2011 and trusted by nearly 30,000 global businesses, Intercom is setting the new standard for customer service. Driven by our core values, we push boundaries, build with speed and intensity, and consistently deliver incredible value to our customers.</p>
</div>
<div>
<h2><strong>What’s The Opportunity?</strong></h2>
<p>Intercom is an AI-first company revolutionizing how customer service is delivered today. Our entire platform is driven by an advanced AI Agent who we call Fin, who blends automation with empathy, setting a new standard in customer support. At Intercom, you’ll help shape the future of AI-first customer service, showing our customers the transformative power of artificial intelligence. By inspiring a bold vision and delivering impactful solutions, you’ll make AI-powered support not just possible, but a reality for our customers.</p>
<h2><strong>About the Role:</strong></h2>
<p>Intercom is looking for an exceptional Solutions Engineer to join our vibrant Customer Solutions Team. In this role, you’ll engage directly with our customers as their trusted advisor, playing a pivotal part in defining and demonstrating value across the entire sales cycle. With a natural curiosity, independent thinking, and strong problem-solving skills, you’ll partner closely with Product, R&amp;D, and Engineering to ensure our customers’ needs and insights are at the core of our AI powered solutions.</p>
<h2><strong>What Will I Be Doing?</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Lead technical discovery to identify and address our customers’ needs</li>
<li>Deliver an exceptional pre-sales experience by articulating Intercom's value and technical expertise</li>
<li>Conduct impactful, value-based solution reviews and in-depth technical sessions</li>
<li>Design and lead tailored Proof of Concepts (POCs) that showcase Intercom's capabilities</li>
<li>Serve as the primary resource for RFPs and customer security questions, utilizing standardized materials and escalating complex issues</li>
<li>Collaborate cross-functionally with Product and Engineering to represent the customer voice, gathering feedback and insights for product planning</li>
<li>Build trust with customers by approaching challenges with empathy and curiosity</li>
<li>Continuously improve processes and contribute to building a best-in-class Solutions Engineering playbook at Intercom</li>
<li>Commit to customer success, ensuring lasting value and proactively addressing challenges</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>What Skills Do I Need?</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Minimum of 5 years of experience in a technical pre-sales role, managing C-Level technical and business relationships</li>
<li>Strong technical acumen with experience in conducting technical discovery and delivering high-impact value presentations.</li>
<li>Ability to solve problems independently while thriving in collaborative team environments</li>
<li>Proven time management skills in a dynamic team environment&nbsp;</li>
<li>Demonstrated ability to quickly identify and communicate the value proposition throughout the sales cycle.</li>
<li>Leverage your skills in translating complex business challenges into tailored Intercom solutions, effectively communicating with both technical and non-technical audiences to drive understanding and impact.</li>
<li>Experience working closely with product and engineering teams to communicate customer feedback and influence product direction.</li>
<li>Familiarity with managing POCs, RFPs, and addressing complex security questions.</li>
<li>Excellent communication and interpersonal skills, with a passion for leading with empathy and curiosity</li>
<li>Ability to challenge the status quo and continuously improve Solutions Engineering processes and playbooks</li>
<li>Bring an open mind, be a collaborative colleague with a commitment to go above and beyond to drive the success of your team and the company</li>
<li>Willing and able to travel occasionally</li>
</ul>
<h2>Benefits&nbsp;</h2>
<p>We are a well-treated bunch, with awesome benefits! If there’s something important to you that’s not on this list, talk to us!&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>Competitive salary and meaningful equity</li>
<li>Comprehensive medical, dental, and vision coverage</li>
<li>Regular compensation reviews - great work is rewarded!</li>
<li>Flexible paid time off policy</li>
<li>Paid Parental Leave Program</li>
<li>401k plan &amp; match</li>
<li>In-office bicycle storage</li>
<li>Fun events for Intercomrades, friends, and family!</li>
</ul>
<p>Apply today to join Intercom and help us deliver exceptional value and trust to our customers while building the future of customer communication.</p>
</div>
</div>
<p>#LI-Hybrid</p>
<p>#LI-RH1</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>Policies&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>Intercom has a hybrid working policy. We believe that working in person helps us stay connected, collaborate easier and create a great culture while still providing flexibility to work from home. We expect employees to be in the office at least three days per week.</p>
<p>We have a radically open and accepting culture at Intercom. We avoid spending time on divisive subjects to foster a safe and cohesive work environment for everyone. As an organization, our policy is to not advocate on behalf of the company or our employees on any social or political topics out of our internal or external communications. We respect personal opinion and expression on these topics on personal social platforms on personal time, and do not challenge or confront anyone for their views on non-work related topics. Our goal is to focus on doing incredible work to achieve our goals and unite the company through our <a href="https://www.intercom.com/careers">core values</a>.&nbsp;&nbsp;</p>
<p>Intercom values diversity and is committed to a policy of Equal Employment Opportunity. Intercom will not discriminate against an applicant or employee on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, national origin, ancestry, sex, gender, age, physical or mental disability, veteran or military status, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, marital status, or any other legally recognized protected basis under federal, state, or local law.</p></div>