<p><strong>Security Engineer, Detection Engineering</strong></p>
<p>We're looking for experienced <strong>Senior Security Engineers</strong> who care deeply about customers and are passionate about building products that improve the way millions of teams work together. As part of the Detection Engineering team in an innovative security team, you will build the detection capabilities that our blue and red teams need to make an impact.</p>
<p>This role is based in our<strong> Warsaw office with an office-centric hybrid schedule</strong> - in-office days are Monday, Tuesday, and Thursday.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>We offer a Contract of Employment (UoP) for our employees in Poland.</strong></p>
<p><strong>What you’ll achieve</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Design, implement, manage and improve detection systems and controls</li>
<li>Build tools that identify and help mitigate suspicious activity</li>
<li>Design, implement and maintain incident response tooling for our blue team</li>
<li>Work with teammates and stakeholders to develop short and long-term strategy for managing risks</li>
<li>Work with teams cross-functionally and align their roadmaps to improve the security posture of Asana</li>
<li>Support Product and other Security teams working on important projects and technologies to be sure they are secure</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>About you</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>4+ years security engineering or software engineering experience</li>
<li>Cloud or Infrastructure Security expertise required</li>
<li>You’re interested in building defenses against real world attacks</li>
<li>Able to balance diverse risk when making decisions</li>
<li>Proven track record of building and mentoring high-performing security teams</li>
<li>Excellent communication and interpersonal skills, with the ability to articulate complex security concepts to technical and non-technical audiences</li>
<li>Experience with security audits and assessments</li>
<li>Ability to drive cross-functional collaboration on security initiatives</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>What we offer</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Generous, transparent and fair compensation system (base salary and generous Restricted Stock Unit for Asana Inc.)&nbsp;</li>
<li>Contract of Employment (<strong>with</strong> <strong>50% tax deductible costs for author’s rights usage for Engineers)&nbsp;</strong></li>
<li>Health insurance with dental and travel coverage (Lux Med)&nbsp;</li>
<li>Lunch catering on the days that you work from the office</li>
<li>Career growth budget&nbsp;</li>
<li>Home office setup budget&nbsp;</li>
<li>Gym/Fitness card</li>
<li>Fertility healthcare and family-forming support with <a href="https://www.get-carrot.com/">Carrot</a></li>
<li>Mental health support in Modern Health</li>
<li>Group life insurance</li>
<li>MacBooks with all necessary accessories</li>
</ul>
<p><br>For this role, the estimated base salary range is between <strong>25 000 - 35 000 PLN</strong> gross monthly on the contract of employment (UoP). The actual base salary will vary based on various factors and individual qualifications objectively assessed during the interview process. The listed range above is a guideline, and the base compensation range for this role may be modified.</p>
<p>Our total compensation consists of base salary and equity (RSUs).&nbsp;</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>#LI-Hybrid</p>
<p><br><br></p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>About us</strong></p>
<p data-pm-slice="1 1 []">Asana is a leading platform for human + AI collaboration. Millions of teams around the world rely on Asana to achieve their most important goals, faster. Asana has been named to Fortune's Best Workplaces for 7+ years and recognized by Fast Company, Forbes, and Gartner for excellence in workplace culture and innovation. We offer an exceptional office-centric culture while adopting the best elements of hybrid models to ensure that every one of our global team members can work together effortlessly. With 13+ offices all over the world, we are always looking for individuals who care about building technology that drives positive change in the world and a culture where everyone feels that they belong.</p>
<p data-pm-slice="1 1 []"><strong><a class="LinkThemeablePresentation LinkPrimaryPresentation LinkPrimaryPresentation--sentimentSelected PrimaryLink HighlightSol HighlightSol--core HighlightSol--buildingBlock" href="https://www.gem.com/form?formID=fbcdec8c-3442-43b9-9b45-d2b5f4ea25db" target="\_blank">Join Asana’s Talent Network</a></strong>&nbsp;to stay up to date on job opportunities and life at Asana.</p></div>