Our Content Team produces any written copy that Surfshark needs — blog posts, landing pages, emails, PPC copy, you name it. They combine professionalism with a playful tone and work together to produce copy that outshines the competition through a quality-over-quantity mindset.

## If you want to:

- Write high-performing copy for paid ads across social media and PPC;
- Craft copy for other channels as needed – organic social, short-form video scripts, and more;
- Collaborate with designers and creative strategists to create assets that convert;
- Defend your creative choices with confidence, using strategy and data;
- Iterate and optimize copy based on performance insights;
- Balance creativity with measurable results, making ads that are both smart and engaging.

## And you can check off:

- Proven experience writing performance-driven paid ads;
- Data-driven mindset — comfortable using  performance insights to iterate copy;
- 1–3+ years of performance creative copywriting experience;
- Native-level English;
- Strong attention to detail and a clean, consistent writing style;
- Solid time management and ownership of your work;
- Comfort giving and receiving feedback.

## Here’s the deal:

* **Growth and learning opportunities:** time dedicated to learning, conferences, online learning platforms, and books for your professional development;
* **Health and wellness:** we want you to feel and be your best. That's why we offer various benefits, from online workouts and a physical coach to health insurance and regular mental health checks;
* **Tools of your choice:** choose the technical equipment and tools you need to do your best work;
* **Community and celebrations:** get ready for long-lasting traditions such as yearly workation, Friday get-togethers, various team buildings and company celebrations;
* **Work-life balance:** We encourage working in the office, with the possibility of up to two remote days per week. Plus, with our WFA policy, you can work from almost anywhere in the world;
* **More days off:** additional vacation days depending on your tenure;
* **Premium Surfshark accounts:** for you, your family, and friends;
* **Gross salary:** 2200-3600 Eur/month. Although it may vary depending on your skills and experience.