<p>We’re looking for a hardworking, driven individual with superb energy, passion and initiative for new business acquisition. The Enterprise Account Executive role focuses exclusively on formulating and executing a sales strategy within an assigned territory, resulting in revenue growth and new customer acquisition.</p>
<p>MongoDB already has an extensive presence in Digital Natives across the region. We are looking for an A-player to manage’s MongoDB’s Digital Enterprise ecosystem (Unicorn, VC-funded start-ups, Fintechs) across the African market.</p>
<p>We are looking to speak to candidates who are based in Dubai for our hybrid working model.</p>
<h3>About the Sales Culture</h3>
<p>MongoDB is always developing and innovating — not only in our technology, but also in our sales go-to-market strategy. Our sales leadership is committed to building the best salesforce in technology. This means, inspiring and enabling success for everyone on the team. We not only equip you to be successful and close deals, but we want your feedback and input on how we can continue to “<a href="https://www.mongodb.com/company">Think Big and Go Far</a>.” As a crucial part of the Sales team at MongoDB, you will have access to a lucrative market and learn how to sell from some of the most successful sales leaders in the software industry.</p>
<h3>What you will be doing</h3>
<ul>
<li>Proactively, identify, qualify and close a sales pipeline&nbsp;</li>
<li>Strategically prospect into CTOs, Engineering/IT Leaders, &amp; technical end users</li>
<li>Build strong and effective relationships, resulting in growth opportunities</li>
<li>Partner with our Solution Architects and work closely with the Professional Services team to achieve customer satisfaction</li>
<li>Work closely with the enterprise ecosystem partner sales and channel partner to maximize deal sizes</li>
<li>Participate in our sales enablement trainings, including our comprehensive Sales Bootcamp, sophisticated sales training, and leadership and development programs</li>
</ul>
<h3>What you will bring to the table</h3>
<ul>
<li>5+ years of field/Enterprise software sales, quota-carrying experience in a fast-paced and competitive market with a focus on closing net new logos and expanding accounts</li>
<li>Bring experience of working with the large Digital Natives</li>
<li>Own your territory &amp; build pipeline: Develop and execute a proactive outbound cadence (email, call, social) that generates your opportunities</li>
<li>A proven track record of overachievement and hitting sales targets</li>
<li>Ability to articulate the business value of complex enterprise technology</li>
<li>Skilled in building business champions</li>
<li>Strong sense of urgency, accountability and ownership</li>
<li>Located in Dubai</li>
<li>Fluency in French is required.</li>
<li>BS/BA degree or equivalent preferred</li>
</ul>
<h3>Things we love</h3>
<ul>
<li>Passionate about growing your career in the largest market in software (database)</li>
<li>Previous Sales Methodology training (e.g. MEDDIC, SPIN, Challenger Sales)</li>
<li>Familiarity with databases, develops and open source technology a plus</li>
</ul>
<h3>Why join now</h3>
<ul>
<li>MongoDB invests 8x the industry average in development of each of our new hires &amp; continuous career development</li>
<li>Accelerators up to 30%</li>
<li>Best in breed Sales trainings in MEDDIC and Command of the Message, including our comprehensive Sales Bootcamps and development programs</li>
<li>New hire stock equity (RSUs) and employee stock purchase plan</li>
<li>Generous and competitive benefits (parental leave, fertility &amp; wellbeing support)</li>
</ul>
<h3>About MongoDB</h3>
<p>MongoDB is built for change, empowering our customers and our people to innovate at the speed of the market. We have redefined the database for the AI era, enabling innovators to create, transform, and disrupt industries with software. MongoDB’s unified database platform—the most widely available, globally distributed database on the market—helps organizations modernize legacy workloads, embrace innovation, and unleash AI. Our cloud-native platform, MongoDB Atlas, is the only globally distributed, multi-cloud database and is available across AWS, Google Cloud, and Microsoft Azure.</p>
<p>With offices worldwide and nearly 60,000 customers—including 75% of the Fortune 100 and AI-native startups—relying on MongoDB for their most important applications, we’re powering the next era of software.</p>
<p>Our compass at MongoDB is our <a href="https://www.mongodb.com/company">Leadership Commitment,</a> guiding how and why we make decisions, show up for each other, and win. It’s what makes us MongoDB.&nbsp;</p>
<p>To drive the personal growth and business impact of our employees, we’re committed to developing a supportive and enriching culture for everyone. <a href="https://www.mongodb.com/company/blog/culture/employee-benefits-that-make-a-difference-at-mongodb">From employee affinity groups, to fertility assistance and a generous parental leave policy</a>, we value our employees’ wellbeing and want to support them along every step of their professional and personal journeys.<a href="https://www.mongodb.com/blog/channel/culture"> Learn more about what it’s like to work at MongoDB</a>, and help us make an impact on the world!</p>
<p>MongoDB is committed to providing any necessary accommodations for individuals with disabilities within our application and interview process. To request an accommodation due to a disability, please inform your recruiter.</p>
<p>MongoDB is an equal opportunities employer.</p>
<p><em>Req ID: 426094</em></p>