<p>Canonical is a leading provider of open source software and operating systems to the global enterprise and technology markets. Our platform, Ubuntu, is very widely used in breakthrough enterprise initiatives such as public cloud, data science, AI, engineering innovation, and IoT. Our customers include the world's leading public cloud and silicon providers, and industry leaders in many sectors. The company is a pioneer of global distributed collaboration, with 1200+ colleagues in 75+ countries and very few office-based roles. Teams meet two to four times yearly in person, in interesting locations around the world, to align on strategy and execution.</p>
<p>The company is founder-led, profitable, and growing.</p>
<p>We are hiring a<strong> Marketing Manager</strong></p>
<p>Marketers at Canonical are brand stewards and demand creators.They transform complex open-source technology into messages, stories and strategies that shape the market understanding of our vision. &nbsp;Some focus on differentiated product and portfolio positioning; others specialize in account-based engagement, partner and alliance messaging, or product-led growth. Whatever their specialization, each marketer works as part of a cross-functional unit, contributing campaigns and insights that help the company learn and grow faster.</p>
<p>We have a bias for action, focus efforts on the most impactful activities and take ownership of our results. We work across long buying cycles, balance storytelling with data, design experiments, track outcomes, and iterate rapidly to find what works.</p>
<p>Marketers at Canonical don’t just promote open source; they amplify it, ensuring our innovations reach the right people, at the right time, with clarity and purpose from developers to decision makers.</p>
<p><strong>Location:</strong> Remote, EMEA</p>
<h2><strong>What your day will look like</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Own end-to-end go-to-market planning and campaign execution across portfolios, territory or vertical.</li>
<li>Develop and lead marketing programs that engage with prospects to drive opportunities and revenue.</li>
<li>Collaborate closely with other marketing teams to improve content performance and conversion through data-driven insights.</li>
<li>Partner with events, content, paid media, and social media teams to execute integrated campaigns across channels.</li>
</ul>
<h2>What we are looking for in you</h2>
<ul>
<li>Experience in a marketing role in the technology sector (SaaS or enterprise IT preferred).</li>
<li>Data-driven mindset with the ability to evaluate performance and optimize for impact.</li>
<li>Comfortable balancing strategy with hands-on execution, a true self-starter.</li>
<li>Strong storytelling skills—you know how to craft messaging that resonates with both technical and business audiences.</li>
<li>Excellent written and verbal communication skills.</li>
<li>Adaptable, fast learner with a growth mindset and a passion for innovation.</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>What we offer you</strong></h2>
<p>Your base pay will depend on various factors including your geographical location, level of experience, knowledge and skills. In addition to the benefits above, certain roles are also eligible for additional benefits and rewards including annual bonuses and sales incentives based on revenue or utilisation. Our compensation philosophy is to ensure equity right across our global workforce.&nbsp;&nbsp;</p>
<p>In addition to a competitive base pay, we provide all team members with additional benefits, which reflect our values and ideals. Please note that additional benefits may apply depending on the work location and, for more information on these, please ask your Talent Partner.</p>
<ul>
<li>Fully remote working environment - we’ve been working remotely since 2004!</li>
<li>Personal learning and development budget of 2,000USD per annum</li>
<li>Annual compensation review</li>
<li>Recognition rewards</li>
<li>Annual holiday leave</li>
<li>Parental Leave</li>
<li>Employee Assistance Programme</li>
<li>Opportunity to travel to new locations to meet colleagues at ‘sprints’</li>
<li>Priority Pass for travel and travel upgrades for long haul company events</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>About Canonical</strong></h2>
<p>Canonical is a pioneering tech firm that is at the forefront of the global move to open source. As the company that publishes Ubuntu, one of the most important open source projects and the platform for AI, IoT and the cloud, we are changing the world on a daily basis. We recruit on a global basis and set a very high standard for people joining the company. We expect excellence - in order to succeed, we need to be the best at what we do.</p>
<p>Canonical has been a remote-first company since its inception in 2004.​ Work at Canonical is a step into the future, and will challenge you to think differently, work smarter, learn new skills, and raise your game. Canonical provides a unique window into the world of 21st-century digital business.</p>
<h2><strong>Canonical is an equal opportunity employer</strong></h2>
<p>We are proud to foster a workplace free from discrimination. Diversity of experience, perspectives, and background create a better work environment and better products.&nbsp;<a href="https://canonical.com/careers/diversity/identity">Whatever your identity, we will give your application fair consideration.</a></p>
<p>#LI-remote&nbsp;</p>