<div class="content-intro"><p><strong>Secure Every Identity, from AI to Human<br><br></strong>Identity is the key to unlocking the potential of AI. Okta secures AI by building the trusted, neutral infrastructure that enables organizations to safely embrace this new era. This work requires a relentless drive to solve complex challenges with real-world stakes. We are looking for builders and owners who operate with speed and urgency and execute with excellence.<br><br>This is an opportunity to do career-defining work. We're all in on this mission. If you are too, let's talk.</p></div><h2><strong>About Okta</strong></h2>
<p>Okta is the leading independent identity partner, securely connecting the right people to the right technologies at the right time. With over 20,000 customers and a billion registered users, we provide the foundation for secure enterprise management and seamless user experiences. As a trusted U.S. Federal vendor, we maintain FedRAMP High and IL4 compliance to support the government’s most critical missions.</p>
<h2><strong>The Core IDaaS SRE Team</strong></h2>
<p>Our team spans the globe and Okta’s platform to build, deliver, and maintain Okta’s legendary resiliency and reliability. We’re the SME’s for a vast number of synchronous and asynchronous workloads, data stores, and deployments, running the majority of our customer-facing Identity-as-a-Service platform. You’ll act as an advocate for reliability and a guide for global scale, ensuring our product is always available, always secure, and Always On.</p>
<h2><strong>The Role</strong></h2>
<p>We are seeking a <strong>Staff Site Reliability Engineer (TS/SCI)</strong> to join our high-stakes National Security team. Based in the <strong>Washington, D.C. area</strong>, <strong>with on-site customer travel</strong>, you will serve as a technical leader, delivering secure, air-gapped solutions for our federal partners.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Security Requirement:</strong> Must be able to obtain and maintain a U.S. security clearance (Secret or Top Secret) to the extent required by U.S. Government contracts.&nbsp;</p>
<p>The selected candidate may be subject to drug testing to the extent required by U.S. Government contracts.<br><br></p>
<h2><strong>What You’ll Do</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li><strong>Cloud &amp; Air-Gapped Infrastructure:</strong> Design and deliver AWS-based projects, primarily writing <strong>Terraform, Helm, and Go, </strong>and adapting our existing deployments for secure federal air-gapped environments.</li>
<li><strong>Incident Management:</strong> Respond and remediate production incidents, performing deep-dive troubleshooting, driving rapid response, and implementing permanent preventive solutions.</li>
<li><strong>Engineering Standards:</strong> Drive high-quality code and operational rigor through design reviews, code reviews, attention to detail, and deep technical expertise.</li>
<li><strong>Technical Leadership:</strong> Mentor junior engineers and collaborate with cross-functional teams across the organization to deliver secure, enterprise-grade solutions.</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>What You’ll Bring</strong></h2>
<h3>Core Qualifications</h3>
<ul>
<li><strong>Security Clearance:</strong> Active U.S. TS/SCI clearance.</li>
<li><strong>Compliance Expertise:</strong> Proven experience navigating Federal and DoD compliance frameworks, specifically <strong>FedRAMP</strong> and <strong>Impact Level 6 (IL6)</strong>.</li>
<li><strong>Domain Authority:</strong> Deep expertise in architecting, deploying, and optimizing software within <strong>federal air-gapped environments</strong>.</li>
<li><strong>Education:</strong> Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or a related technical field (Master’s degree preferred).</li>
</ul>
<h3>Technical Expertise</h3>
<ul>
<li><strong>Site Reliability Engineering:</strong> 6+ years of professional experience running production cloud workloads at scale. 4+ years of experience developing and troubleshooting web services on <strong>Kubernetes</strong> or similar orchestration layers.</li>
<li><strong>Broad Database Knowledge:</strong> Significant hands-on experience with both relational and non-relational datastores.</li>
<li><strong>Interactive and Batch Workloads:</strong> Demonstrated success delivering and maintaining both customer-facing interactive workloads and large-scale batch processing – ideally using data warehouse products such as Snowflake, Redshift, or Databricks.</li>
<li><strong>Security &amp; Engineering:</strong> Strong foundational knowledge of network security (authentication/authorization) and a commitment to rigorous software engineering best practices.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Industry Experience:</strong> Prior experience supporting or building mission-critical <strong>Enterprise SaaS</strong> platforms.</p>
<p>#LI-TM&nbsp;</p>
<p>#LI-Hybrid&nbsp;</p>
<p>P24512</p><div class="content-pay-transparency"><div class="pay-input"><div class="description"><p>Below is the annual base salary range for candidates located in San Francisco Bay Area. Your actual base salary will depend on factors such as your skills, qualifications, experience, and work location. In addition, Okta offers equity (where applicable), bonus, and benefits, including health, dental and vision insurance, 401(k), flexible spending account, and paid leave (including PTO and parental leave) in accordance with our applicable plans and policies. To learn more about our Total Rewards program please visit:<a href="https://rewards.okta.com/us"> https://rewards.okta.com/us</a>.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;</p></div><div class="title"> The annual base salary range for this position for candidates located in the San Francisco Bay area is between: </div><div class="pay-range"><span>$188,000</span><span class="divider">&mdash;</span><span>$258,500 USD</span></div></div></div><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong><br>The Okta Experience</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><a href="http://rewards.okta.com">Supporting Your Well-Being</a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="https://www.okta.com/company/okta-for-good/">Driving Social Impact&nbsp;</a></li>
<li><a href="https://www.okta.com/company/talent-connection-community/">Developing Talent and Fostering Connection + Community</a></li>
</ul>
<p>We are intentional about connection. Our global community, spanning over 20 offices worldwide, is united by a drive to innovate. Your journey begins with an immersive, in-person onboarding experience designed to accelerate your impact and connect you to our mission and team from day one.<br><br>Okta is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, marital status, age, physical or mental disability, or status as a protected veteran. We also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and convictions records, consistent with applicable laws.<br><br>If reasonable accommodation is needed to complete any part of the job application, interview process, or onboarding please&nbsp;<a href="https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1EfiEYZrIyhA2X4Fijk0R3RKYOzNoS3wtvyM4nhbZnXE/edit">use this Form</a> to request an accommodation.<br><br>Notice for New York City Applicants &amp; Employees: Okta may use Automated Employment Decision Tools (AEDT), as defined by New York City Local Law 144, that use artificial intelligence, machine learning, or other automated processes to assist in our recruitment and hiring process. In accordance with NYC Local Law 144, if you are an applicant or employee residing in New York City, please&nbsp;<a href="https://talent.okta.com/new-york-city-aedt-notice.html">click here</a> to view our full NYC AEDT Notice.<br><br>Okta is committed to complying with applicable data privacy and security laws and regulations. For more information, please see our Personnel and Job Candidate Privacy Notice at&nbsp;<a href="https://www.okta.com/legal/personnel-policy/">https://www.okta.com/legal/personnel-policy/</a>.</p></div>