<div class="content-intro"><p><strong>Secure Every Identity, from AI to Human<br><br></strong>Identity is the key to unlocking the potential of AI. Okta secures AI by building the trusted, neutral infrastructure that enables organizations to safely embrace this new era. This work requires a relentless drive to solve complex challenges with real-world stakes. We are looking for builders and owners who operate with speed and urgency and execute with excellence.<br><br>This is an opportunity to do career-defining work. We're all in on this mission. If you are too, let's talk.</p></div><h2>Access Management Engineering Team</h2>
<p>The Okta Access Management Team builds the foundation for authentication and authorization across Okta-protected resources. Our mission is to enable customers to access these resources securely. We develop Okta cloud services and client software that allow users to seamlessly login to devices and use Okta authenticators to access applications securely. Learn more about Okta’s Engineering on <a href="https://www.okta.com/blog/category/engineering/">our blog</a>.</p>
<h2>About You</h2>
<p>We seek a passionate Java Senior Software Engineer to join our dynamic team. The ideal candidate should possess:</p>
<ul>
<li>Solid experience in Java web development.</li>
<li>Enthusiasm for developing high-quality, secure, and performant applications.</li>
<li>A keen interest in learning about cutting-edge security and identity management challenges.</li>
<li>A collaborative mindset and excellent communication skills to work effectively with cross-functional teams.</li>
</ul>
<p>This role offers an exciting opportunity to join a team building innovative identity and security products from the ground up. You will have the chance to work on challenging problems, contribute to the product roadmap, and continuously expand your skills in a rapidly evolving industry.</p>
<h2>Job Duties and Responsibilities:</h2>
<ul>
<li>Collaborate with cross-functional teams (QA, Product, Support, UX) for seamless integration.</li>
<li>Following best practices, contribute to technical designs, proposals, and architectural decisions.</li>
<li>Develop high-quality, maintainable software components with comprehensive unit/functional tests.</li>
<li>Participate in code reviews, providing feedback and ensuring adherence to coding standards and security best practices.</li>
<li>Contribute to technical documentation and knowledge sharing within the team.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<h2>Minimum Requirements:</h2>
<ul>
<li>7+ years of experience building Java-based web applications</li>
<li>Good understanding of design patterns, scalability patterns, security engineering, and object-oriented principles.</li>
<li>Experience working in fast-paced software development teams leveraging continuous integration and deployment practices.</li>
<li>Strong communication skills and the ability to work across functions</li>
</ul>
<h2>Nice to have:</h2>
<ul>
<li>Experience building anomaly detection systems or risk systems is a huge plus.Experience in cloud security, identity, and/or authentication protocolsExperience with one or more UI technologies such as Angular, ReactJS, Backbone, and Vue.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Strong understanding of IAM protocols (FIDO, WebAuthn, SSO, SAML, OAuth) and identity management best practices.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<h2>Education and Training:</h2>
<ul>
<li>Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or equivalent experience or degree.</li>
<li>7 years of software development experience.</li>
</ul>
<p>#LI-Hybrid</p>
<p>P24157\_3354134</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong><br>The Okta Experience</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><a href="http://rewards.okta.com">Supporting Your Well-Being</a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="https://www.okta.com/company/okta-for-good/">Driving Social Impact&nbsp;</a></li>
<li><a href="https://www.okta.com/company/talent-connection-community/">Developing Talent and Fostering Connection + Community</a></li>
</ul>
<p>We are intentional about connection. Our global community, spanning over 20 offices worldwide, is united by a drive to innovate. Your journey begins with an immersive, in-person onboarding experience designed to accelerate your impact and connect you to our mission and team from day one.<br><br>Okta is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, marital status, age, physical or mental disability, or status as a protected veteran. We also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and convictions records, consistent with applicable laws.<br><br>If reasonable accommodation is needed to complete any part of the job application, interview process, or onboarding please&nbsp;<a href="https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1EfiEYZrIyhA2X4Fijk0R3RKYOzNoS3wtvyM4nhbZnXE/edit">use this Form</a> to request an accommodation.<br><br>Notice for New York City Applicants &amp; Employees: Okta may use Automated Employment Decision Tools (AEDT), as defined by New York City Local Law 144, that use artificial intelligence, machine learning, or other automated processes to assist in our recruitment and hiring process. In accordance with NYC Local Law 144, if you are an applicant or employee residing in New York City, please&nbsp;<a href="https://talent.okta.com/new-york-city-aedt-notice.html">click here</a> to view our full NYC AEDT Notice.<br><br>Okta is committed to complying with applicable data privacy and security laws and regulations. For more information, please see our Personnel and Job Candidate Privacy Notice at&nbsp;<a href="https://www.okta.com/legal/personnel-policy/">https://www.okta.com/legal/personnel-policy/</a>.</p></div>