<p><strong>This is Adyen</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Adyen provides payments, data, and financial products in a single solution for customers like Facebook, Uber, H&amp;M, and Microsoft - making us the financial technology platform of choice. At Adyen, everything we do is engineered for ambition.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">For our teams, we create an environment with opportunities for our people to succeed, backed by the culture and support to ensure they are enabled to truly own their careers. We are motivated individuals who tackle unique technical challenges at scale and solve them as a team. Together, we deliver innovative and ethical solutions that help businesses achieve their ambitions faster.</span></p>
<div><strong>Account Manager</strong></div>
<div>
<p>We’re looking for an experienced and proactive Account Manager to help reach our APAC ambitions. As part of the commercial team, you will be managing key account relationships across multiple industries and channels for our cross-border merchants. You are responsible for driving growth through increasing the share of wallet, cross-selling &amp; upselling, bringing valuable insights, and building strong relationships with our largest enterprise merchants and key contacts. The ideal candidate is a born networker&nbsp;with a sharp commercial acumen, who thrives in a fast-paced, diverse and entrepreneurial environment. You will strive to understand the unique needs of a merchant and provide them with payments expertise and guidance to help them grow</p>
</div>
<div><strong>What you'll do</strong></div>
<ul>
<li>Be fully responsible for the success and satisfaction of your merchants</li>
<li>Drive growth through increasing the share of wallet, cross-selling &amp; upselling, bringing valuable insights, and building strong relationships with key contacts</li>
<li>Build and sustain relationships with key merchant stakeholders, and leverage those relationships to drive the best possible merchant experience</li>
<li>Assess, clarify, and validate customer needs on an ongoing basis. You'll deliver expertise, education, and guidance to merchants as they craft and execute their payments strategy.Coordinate any internal project regarding your merchants</li>
<li>Work and collaborate with colleagues in the global Adyen team</li>
</ul>
<div><strong>Who you are</strong></div>
<ul>
<li>At least<strong> </strong>6 years of experience managing enterprise level clients (B2B) in a complex environment.</li>
<li>Recent experience working with Chinese merchants over the past 2 years</li>
<li>Commercial experience (e.g. sales or account management) or experience in payment/ financial industry is highly preferred. Otherwise, you have a track record of winning share of wallet, cross selling &amp; upselling deals for digital and retail clients (such as e-commerce, gaming, OTA, streaming services etc.)</li>
<li>You can confidently use English on a day-to-day basis for technical conversations (e.g. pitching to merchants, internal discussions with global teams, etc.) and are native in Mandarin.&nbsp;</li>
<li>You're an excellent communicator who can build relations at all levels.</li>
<li>You're interested in pushing boundaries and creating value in the payment space.</li>
<li>You can work seamlessly with a global, multicultural team.</li>
<li>Able to travel domestically and internationally as part of the role.</li>
</ul>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400; font-size: 14px;">Please note that this role is a full-time position in Shanghai. It will require a relocation in case you live outside of Shanghai.</span></p>
<p><strong>Our Diversity, Equity and Inclusion commitments&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Our unique approach is a product of our diverse perspectives. This diversity of backgrounds and cultures is essential in helping us maintain our momentum. Our business and technical challenges are unique, and we need as many different voices as possible to join us in solving them - voices like yours. No matter who you are or where you’re from, we welcome you to be your true self at Adyen.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Studies show that women and members of underrepresented communities apply for jobs only if they meet 100% of the qualifications. Does this sound like you? If so, Adyen encourages you to reconsider and apply. We look forward to your application!</span></p>
<p><strong>What’s next?</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Ensuring a smooth and enjoyable candidate experience is critical for us. We aim to get back to you regarding your application within 5 business days. Our interview process tends to take about 4 weeks to complete, but may fluctuate depending on the role. </span><a href="https://careers.adyen.com/how-we-hire"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Learn more about our hiring process here</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">. Don’t be afraid to let us know if you need more flexibility.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This role is based in our Shanghai office. We are an office-first company and value in-person collaboration; we do not offer remote-only roles.</span></p>