## Your Mission

<p style="margin-left:0px;">You will join a team of tech and automotive enthusiastic colleagues who are responsible to integrate and deliver the Infotainment Software System with highest quality standards and functionality, in time.</p><p style="margin-left:0px;"><br>As a Senior Release/Process Manager in the MBition Delivery Department, you will plan and track the releases until they’re handed over to our customers. You optimise and improve the software life-cycle - and release processes, request software deliverables from the development teams and prepare and present the whole package in release handover meetings. </p><p style="margin-left:0px;">We are looking for experienced candidates with technical and management background. Automotive experience is a plus.</p>

## Sneak preview of your future tasks

<ul><li><span>Maintain the release schedule for projects and ensure alignment across key partners and  stakeholders</span></li><li>Use your technical experience to interface between verification &amp; development teams, Heads of Software, external partners and stakeholders</li><li>You need to learn the deep system dependencies continuously to enhance your understanding of the system and the release package</li><li>Focus on the organisational strategic alignment of processes and business goals</li><li>Prepare and deliver software package to stakeholders </li><li>Close collaboration with Build Managers, Configurations Managers &amp; DevOps Engineers</li><li>Continually work towards making improvements and optimisation in the overall release process</li><li>Manage relationships and coordinate work between cross functional teams at different locations</li></ul>

## Your Profile

<p>Education</p><ul><li>Degree in Computer Science, Information Technology, Communication Technology or a comparable qualification</li></ul><p> </p><p>Experience</p><ul><li>Minimum 2 years of software development or software verification experience, preferably embedded systems</li><li>Minimum 2 years of release management experience</li><li>Experience with automotive processes, e.g.  Automotive SPICE and ISO9001</li><li>High degree of expertise and technical understanding for complex IT projects and software architecture</li><li>Experience in conducting release readiness reviews, milestone reviews etc.</li><li>Familiarity with modern release management tools</li><li>Define and document end-to-end operational workflows and processes.</li></ul><p> </p><p>Nice to have</p><ul><li>Experience with large-scale agile frameworks (SAFe, LeSS, Scrum@Scale)</li><li>Understanding of challenges and constraints within automotive development projects</li><li>Familiarity in automotive specifically infotainment sector</li><li>Experience with Methodologies like Six Sigma and IDEALix Sigma,</li></ul><p> </p><p>Personal skills</p><ul><li>Strong analytical mindset</li><li>Excellent communication and teamwork skills</li><li>Proven leadership and ownership</li><li>Excellent organisational, time management, prioritisation and multi-tasking skills</li><li>Proficiency in problem solving and troubleshooting</li><li>Ability to handle multiple competing priorities in a fast-paced environment</li><li>Personal initiative, commitment, perseverance and resilience</li><li>Proficient in English. German is a plus.</li></ul>

## Why us?

<ul><li>A chance to work on a new generation of Infotainment Systems,  which will power millions of cars</li><li>An international, interdisciplinary innovation lab, which is part of the Mercedes Benz AG</li><li>Great company values that we are passionate about and live by every day at work. Have a look for yourself at <a title="http://mbition.io/" target="_blank" href="http://mbition.io/" rel="noreferrer noopener">mbition.io</a> and scroll down to "The MBition Experience"</li><li>Agile working methods and open feedback culture</li><li>A brand new modern and fully accessible office facing the Spree</li><li>Flexible working hours</li><li>Transportation and health benefits, discounts on cars, free coffee, fruits and more</li></ul>

## Interested?

<p style="margin-left:0px;">We look forward to receiving your complete application, including CV (in English or German) and relevant references with the following information:</p><ul><li> Job title and reference number</li><li> Salary expectations</li><li> Earliest start date</li></ul><p style="margin-left:0px;"><br>You don't bring everything with you? Don't worry, MBition is proud of our diverse workforce and passionate about having MBitioneers from all backgrounds and perspectives. MBition is and always will be an equal opportunity employer. We are looking for employees who convince us above all with their personality and passionately motivated to join the team!</p><br><span><strong>Job Posting Details:</strong></span><br><span>Date: 17.03.2026</span><br><span>Dept: Delivery Enablement</span><br><span>Team: Delivery and Release Management</span><br><span>Supervisor: Simon Andreadis</span><br><span>Opening: 1 x FTE Internal MBition</span><br><span><br></span><br>