<div class="content-intro"><p>Figma is growing our team of passionate creatives and builders on a mission to make design accessible to all. Figma’s platform helps teams bring ideas to life—whether you're brainstorming, creating a prototype, translating designs into code, or iterating with AI. From idea to product, Figma empowers teams to streamline workflows, move faster, and work together in real time from anywhere in the world. If you're excited to shape the future of design and collaboration, join us!</p></div><div class="section page-centered">
<p>We are looking for an Emerging Enterprise Account Executive to join our team of high performing Account Executives in the DACH region. Figma is growing and moving fast. Our next team member will have an agile, dynamic mindset, be comfortable embracing change and a true team-player. You won’t be alone! Figma has an incredible team and you’ll work closely with other groups including Support, Design, Engineering, Product Marketing, Customer Success, and Community. You will report directly to our Commercial Sales Manager who is also based in Berlin, Germany.</p>
<p>This is a full time role in our Berlin office within a hybrid environment or remote.&nbsp;</p>
<h4>What you’ll do at Figma:</h4>
<ul>
<li>Build a strong sales pipeline while exceeding quarterly and annual sales targets</li>
<li>Work closely with cross functional teams to ensure sales effectiveness&nbsp;</li>
<li>Establish and maintain relationships with key stakeholders within Enterprise accounts</li>
<li>Be part of a team dedicated to promoting Figma to existing and new customers</li>
<li>Help build the foundation and processes for all customer facing teams at Figma</li>
<li data-section-id="kgm684" data-start="74" data-end="148">Work with a dedicated set of customers, each with up to 5,000 employees</li>
</ul>
<h4>We'd love to hear from you if you have:</h4>
<ul>
<li>3+ years of closing experience working with customers, ideally with a SaaS product</li>
<li>Excited about working in a fast-paced environment and helping improve business processes as we grow</li>
<li>Desire to learn a technical product and effectively communicate Figma’s value to potential customers</li>
<li>Ambitious self-starter who’s eager to learn while being a core part of building our business from the ground up&nbsp;</li>
<li>High attention to detail with excellent written and verbal communication</li>
<li>Fluency in German</li>
</ul>
<h4>While it’s not required, it’s an added plus if you also have:</h4>
<ul>
<li>Experience selling to technical audiences</li>
<li>Experience with UX/UI design principles and collaboration tools</li>
<li>Proven experience using a sales methodology, ideally Command of the Message or MEDDICC</li>
</ul>
<div class="section page-centered">
<div>
<div>At Figma, one of our values is Grow as you go. We believe in hiring smart, curious people who are excited to learn and develop their skills. If you’re excited about this role but your past experience doesn’t align perfectly with the points outlined in the job description, we encourage you to apply anyways. You may be just the right candidate for this or other roles.</div>
</div>
</div>
</div><div class="content-conclusion"><p>At Figma we celebrate and support our differences. We know employing a team rich in diverse thoughts, experiences, and opinions allows our employees, our product and our community to flourish. Figma is an <a href="https://www.eeoc.gov/sites/default/files/2022-10/EEOC\_KnowYourRights\_screen\_reader\_10\_20.pdf">equal opportunity workplace</a> - we are dedicated to equal employment opportunities regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity/expression, veteran status<strong>, </strong>or any other characteristic protected by law. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements.</p>
<p>We will work to ensure individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to apply for a role, participate in the interview process, perform essential job functions, and receive other benefits and privileges of employment. If you require accommodation, please reach out to <a href="mailto:accommodations-ext@figma.com">accommodations-ext@figma.com</a>. These modifications enable an individual with a disability to have an equal opportunity not only to get a job, but successfully perform their job tasks to the same extent as people without disabilities.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Examples of accommodations include but are not limited to:&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>Holding interviews in an accessible location</li>
<li>Enabling closed captioning on video conferencing</li>
<li>Ensuring all written communication be compatible with screen readers</li>
<li>Changing the mode or format of interviews&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p>To ensure the integrity of our hiring process and facilitate a more personal connection, we require all candidates keep their cameras on during video interviews. Additionally, if hired you will be required to attend in person onboarding.</p>
<p>By applying for this job, the candidate acknowledges and agrees that any personal data contained in their application or supporting materials will be processed in accordance with <a class="c-link c-link--underline" href="https://www.figma.com/legal/candidate-privacy-notice/" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://www.figma.com/legal/candidate-privacy-notice/" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">Figma's Candidate Privacy Notice</a>.</p></div>