<div class="job-list">
<h4><strong>What You Will Do</strong></h4>
<p>As an Engineering Manager on the Core Platform team at Moveworks, you will develop user facing product features that leverage our advanced Machine Learning platform. In addition, you will design scalable frameworks to support rapid feature development and deployment. You will be working cross-functionally with other teams regularly to design and deploy features and tools that our customers use every day. Your role is absolutely critical here at Moveworks, and you will see the immediate impact of your work on both customers and other engineers.</p>
<p>If you are passionate about building backend systems, curious about machine learning, enjoy working alongside equally driven colleagues, and are an experienced engineer looking for a new challenge, we should have a conversation!</p>
<ul>
<li>Work across Moveworks’ backend and API platforms</li>
<li>Design and implement frameworks to support development of product features that are highly reliable, performant and secure</li>
<li>Develop user facing product features using both open source libraries and internal building blocks</li>
<li>Contribute to the evolution of service oriented architecture</li>
<li>Collaborate with other software engineers to diagnose, fix and prevent production issues</li>
<li>Work in a highly-concurrent platform where quality, scalability and reliability matter</li>
<li>Regularly participate in peer code and design reviews</li>
<li>Build software that supports continuous delivery</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<h4><strong>What You Bring To The Table</strong></h4>
<ul>
<li>9+ years of experience designing, building, shipping, and maintaining backend distributed systems</li>
<li>3+ years of people management experience.</li>
<li>You have familiarity with building and integrating with API based platforms and have an understanding of REST and or other RPC based systems</li>
<li>You have experience with SQL and noSQL databases</li>
<li>You feel at home developing on Linux with languages like Python, Golang, or C++</li>
<li>B.S./M.S. in Computer Science or the equivalent</li>
<li>Desire to work at a startup pace in a small company with a high degree of ownership</li>
<li>Strong motivation, gumption, and an appetite for continuous, incremental changes and completing challenging projects fast</li>
<li>High level of curiosity about engineering outside of your immediate discipline and an incessant desire to learn<span style="font-weight: 400;"><br><br></span></li>
</ul>
</div><div class="content-conclusion"><p>\*Our compensation package includes a market competitive salary, equity for all full time roles, exceptional benefits, and, for applicable roles, commissions or bonus plans.&nbsp;<br>Ultimately, in determining pay, final offers may vary from the amount listed based on geography, the role’s scope and complexity, the candidate’s experience and expertise, and other factors.</p>
<p>Moveworks Is An Equal Opportunity Employer<br>\*Moveworks is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We provide employment opportunities without regard to age, race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, disability, sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, veteran status, or any other characteristics protected by law.</p>
<h4><strong>Who We Are&nbsp;</strong></h4>
<p>Moveworks is the Agentic AI Assistant platform that empowers the entire workforce.</p>
<p>Our platform enables employees to converse with all of their business systems through natural language to quickly find answers and automate tasks. Powered by the world's most advanced LLMs, our proprietary models, and a sophisticated Agentic AI platform, we're transforming how work gets done by allowing AI to take initiative, streamline complex workflows, and continuously learn and adapt.</p>
<p>Moveworks is trusted by over 5.5 million employees at more than 350 of the world’s largest companies, including 10% of the Fortune 500, to automate everyday tasks and streamline business operations. Recognized on the Forbes Cloud 100 and AI 50 lists, Moveworks was also named one of Fast Company’s 2025 Most Innovative Companies and Inc’s Best in Business, in the Best in Innovation category. Moveworks was also recognized at Microsoft’s 2025 Partner of the Year and in 2024, received the AI Breakthrough Award.</p>
<p>In December 2025, Moveworks was acquired by ServiceNow, marking a pivotal milestone in our journey to create a single front door to work for all business systems. By combining ServiceNow’s leading workflow automation with Moveworks’ Reasoning Engine and natural language capabilities, we deliver the AI platform for every person and every workflow. Built to go beyond basic summaries to deliver meaningful business impact. Together, our AI acts across enterprise systems to turn conversations into completed work.</p>
<p>By joining our team, you’ll be at the forefront of the AI transformation, backed by the global scale of ServiceNow and the agility of a high-growth company. We are looking for world-class talent to help us extend agentic AI to every employee across every corner of the business.<br><br>Come join us!</p>
<p><strong>ServiceNow<br><br></strong>It all started in sunny San Diego, California in 2004 when a visionary engineer, Fred Luddy, saw the potential to transform how we work. Fast forward to today — ServiceNow stands as a global market leader, bringing innovative AI-enhanced technology to over 8,100 customers, including 85% of the Fortune 500®. Our intelligent cloud-based platform seamlessly connects people, systems, and processes to empower organizations to find smarter, faster, and better ways to work. But this is just the beginning of our journey. Join us as we pursue our purpose to make the world work better for everyone.<br><br><br></p></div>