<h2>Who we are</h2>
<h3>About Stripe</h3>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies—from the world’s largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyone’s reach while doing the most important work of your career.</span></p>
<h3 id="about-the-team">About the team</h3>
<p>Stripe’s Customer Success Managers (CSM) oversee the post-sales lifecycle for Stripe users, ensuring they realize the maximum value of their investment. This partnership drives user success, increases retention and expansion, and supports mutually beneficial renewal outcomes. Few roles provide such a direct impact on the growth of the company.</p>
<h2 id="what-youll-do">What you’ll do</h2>
<p>We are looking for a motivated and curious professional to manage a book of enterprise customers. The CSM will deliver proactive workshops, business reviews, payments insights, and thought leadership to help users grow their business.&nbsp;</p>
<p>The ideal candidate is analytical and meticulous, and enjoys engaging customers to investigate issues and deliver insights. This role involves working closely with sales, technical account managers, and operations teams to engage customers in product, payment, and technical conversations.&nbsp;</p>
<h3 id="responsibilities">Responsibilities</h3>
<ul>
<li>Partner closely with account executives and technical account managers to support post-sale engagements focused on the optimization, retention, and growth of Stripe’s enterprise customers</li>
<li>Manage a book of customers to drive overall account health including performance, product adoption, usage velocity, account renewals and growth, referrals, and customer satisfaction&nbsp;</li>
<li>Serve as a trusted payments and product advisor to managed customers by delivering payment performance and industry insights&nbsp;</li>
<li>Perform business reviews to align on user priorities, review payments performance metrics, share Stripe product roadmap and provide guidance on how to optimize the value from Stripe</li>
<li>Advocate for the customer to internal stakeholders. Share customer feedback and insights to Product Management, Engineering, Support, Marketing, and Sales on the innovation and improvement needed to optimize the Stripe user experience</li>
<li>In coordination with an account team, support book expansion--identifying and surfacing opportunities to ensure customers are successful.</li>
</ul>
<h2 id="who-you-are">Who you are</h2>
<p>We’re looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.</p>
<h3 id="minimum-requirements">Minimum requirements</h3>
<ul>
<li>4+ years of experience in a client-facing role ideally in enterprise relationship management, partnering with large, global, and complex organizations, preferably working with a technical product</li>
<li>Strong business sense and understanding of underlying drivers and strategy of our user’s businesses</li>
<li>Track record of leading technical conversations and persuading others to take action based on requirements and value provided by solutions</li>
<li>Strong analytical skills</li>
<li>Excellent operating rigor including organizational and time management skills</li>
<li>Strong executive presence and presentation skills, particularly for in-person meetings with multiple stakeholders</li>
<li>History of success as a consultant, pre-sales, technical account management, or equivalent</li>
<li>Proven track record of achieving targets and goals, preferably in a sales setting</li>
<li>Track record of managing large, complex projects and/or programs</li>
<li>Has handled difficult customers or situations and can demonstrate resolutions</li>
<li>Willingness to tackle things on your own</li>
<li>Ability to navigate data and people to find answers</li>
<li>A capability to work well with a wide range of people, both internally and externally</li>
<li>The motivation and flexibility to work well in a high-growth environment where things change quickly</li>
</ul>