<div class="content-intro"><h2><span data-sheets-root="1">About Wolt</span></h2>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">At Wolt, we create technology that brings joy, simplicity and earnings to the neighborhoods of the world. In 2014 we started with delivery of restaurant food. Now we’re building the delivery of (almost) everything and you’ll find us in over 500 cities in 30 countries around the world. In 2022 we joined forces with DoorDash and together we keep on dreaming big and expanding across the globe.<br><br>Working at Wolt isn’t always easy, but it’s definitely exciting. Here you’ll learn more, build more, and ship more than in most other companies. You’ll be challenged a lot, but also have a lot of fun on the way. So, if you’re a self-starter with drive and entrepreneurial spirit, this could be the ride of your life.</span></p></div><p>As Regional Manager, Consumer, you are responsible for driving capital efficient growth by improving our consumer experience by focusing on Loyalty and Pricing &amp; Incentives within Wolt’s South region. Your focus will be to execute, track and monitor initiatives to improve our consumer engagement, making our users come back to our platform again and again, excited with the service and experience they have with Wolt. This role requires a perfect mix of analytical mindset and creative thinking.</p>
<p>Reporting to the Regional Head of Consumer and being part of a 2-3 people team, you will play a key role driving our consumer success within your region, working closely together with various other stakeholders, especially in Marketing, Merchant team as well as broader Global Consumer team.&nbsp;</p>
<h2>Responsibilities &amp; Duties</h2>
<ul>
<li>Own the regional strategy for: <strong>i) Wolt+, Wolt’s subscription program and ii) Consumer Pricing</strong></li>
<li>You will own the performance of our Wolt+ subscription program on a regional level, driving growth and profitability initiatives. Optimize the value proposition through areas such as benefits, partnerships, pricing, merchant portfolio. Define the right benefits, program manage exclusive promotions campaigns, understand the value proposition of the competition and make our program shine for our users!</li>
<li>Ensure our <strong>Consumer Pricing</strong> is optimized to drive capital efficient growth, by understanding price sensitivities as well as test hypotheses to run with the central pricing team.&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<h2>Skills &amp; Experience Required</h2>
<ul>
<li>Master’s or Bachelor's degree in business, marketing, data science, or a related field.</li>
<li>Previous experience in consumer business, product operations, growth, marketing, or management consulting.</li>
<li>Strong analytical skills with the ability to analyze and interpret data to inform decisions; SQL knowledge is a plus.</li>
<li>Strong attention to detail and ability to manage multiple projects simultaneously.</li>
<li>Ability to work independently and collaboratively with cross-functional teams in a fast-paced environment.</li>
<li>Excellent communication skills, both verbal and written, with the ability to communicate technical information to non-technical stakeholders.</li>
<li>Experience with data visualization tools such as Tableau, Looker, or Power BI is a plus.</li>
</ul>
<h2>Compensation</h2>
<p>The successful candidate’s starting pay will fall within the pay range listed below and is determined based on factors such as the candidate’s skills, experience and qualifications. Please note, that the starting pay may vary if the candidate does not fully meet the expectations as outlined in this job posting.&nbsp;</p>
<p>The salary below is the monthly salary range for this position.&nbsp;</p>
<p>To learn more about our benefits, please do not hesitate to bring this up with our Talent Acquisition Partner!</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><iframe src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/GoL541\_xj9w" width="560" height="314"></iframe></p><div class="content-pay-transparency"><div class="pay-input"><div class="description"><p>The successful candidate's starting pay will fall within the pay range listed below and is determined based on a number of job-related factors including, but not limited to, skills, experience, qualifications, work location, and market conditions.</p>
<p>This position would be eligible for consideration for an equity award grant of restricted stock units on commence and during the annual pay review cycle. Upon commencement of employment, you would be eligible to be considered for a grant. Thereafter, any further grants would be at the Company's discretion.</p></div><div class="title">Poland Pay Range</div><div class="pay-range"><span>13 678 zł</span><span class="divider">&mdash;</span><span>23 216 zł PLN</span></div></div></div><div class="content-conclusion"><h2><span data-sheets-root="1">Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion</span></h2>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">We’re committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. That’s why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.</span></p></div>