<div class="content-intro"><p><strong data-stringify-type="bold">Why work at Nebius<br></strong>Nebius is leading a new era in cloud computing to serve the global AI economy. We create the tools and resources our customers need to solve real-world challenges and transform industries, without massive infrastructure costs or the need to build large in-house AI/ML teams. Our employees work at the cutting edge of AI cloud infrastructure alongside some of the most experienced and innovative leaders and engineers in the field.</p>
<p><strong>Where we work<br></strong>Headquartered in Amsterdam and listed on Nasdaq, Nebius has a global footprint with R&amp;D hubs across Europe, North America, and Israel. The team of over 1400 employees includes more than 400 highly skilled engineers with deep expertise across hardware and software engineering, as well as an in-house AI R&amp;D team.</p></div><p><strong>New data center development:</strong></p>
<p>We give you&nbsp;the opportunity to work with cutting-edge technologies in data operations, cloud computing and infrastructure management. As global data center operations grow, there will be ample opportunities for career&nbsp;progression. Working in the data center directly impacts performance, customer satisfaction and efficiency, with the opportunity to contribute to new data center projects.You’ll collaborate with experts in AI data center development and operations, gaining insights from leaders in the field. This environment fosters innovation, and allows you to work on solutions that exceed industry standards in design and deployment.</p>
<h2><strong><span data-contrast="auto">The role</span></strong></h2>
<p>As an&nbsp;<strong>IT Datacenter Technician</strong>, you will play a vital role in maintaining and optimizing the IT infrastructure within our data center. This includes working hands-on with modern technologies such as the advanced H200 GPU cloud cluster. Your responsibilities will encompass supporting the data center’s IT infrastructure, troubleshooting and resolving hardware issues, and ensuring the smooth operation of critical systems. Your responsibilities will include troubleshooting and resolving hardware issues, performing hardware and network diagnostics, ensuring the smooth operation of critical systems, and carrying out physical repairs. The role may also involve travel between data centers and participation in on-call rotations.</p>
<p>You’re welcome to work at our data center in <strong>Mäntsälä,&nbsp;Finland</strong>. </p>
<p>Please note that this is a&nbsp;<strong>shift work (day &amp; night shift).</strong></p>
<p><strong><span data-ccp-props="{&quot;335559685&quot;:720,&quot;335559991&quot;:360}"><span class="TextRun MacChromeBold SCXW95146830 BCX0" lang="EN-US" data-contrast="auto"><span class="NormalTextRun SCXW95146830 BCX0" data-ccp-charstyle="Strong">Your responsibilities will include:</span></span><span class="EOP SCXW95146830 BCX0" data-ccp-props="{&quot;134233117&quot;:true,&quot;134233118&quot;:true}">&nbsp;</span></span></strong></p>
<ul>
<li data-start="107" data-end="194">
<p data-start="109" data-end="194">Monitor and support the IT infrastructure to ensure optimal performance and uptime.</p>
</li>
<li data-start="195" data-end="289">
<p data-start="197" data-end="289">Diagnose and resolve issues related to server and network hardware within the data center.</p>
</li>
<li data-start="290" data-end="405">
<p data-start="292" data-end="405">Perform installation, upgrades, and decommissioning of IT hardware in accordance with operational requirements.</p>
</li>
<li data-start="406" data-end="471">
<p data-start="408" data-end="471">Manage and maintain fiber optic and patch cable connectivity.</p>
</li>
<li data-start="472" data-end="580">
<p data-start="474" data-end="580">Handle Return Merchandise Authorizations (RMAs) in compliance with company procedures and documentation.</p>
</li>
<li data-start="581" data-end="661">
<p data-start="583" data-end="661">Collaborate with internal teams to resolve technical and operational issues.</p>
</li>
<li data-start="662" data-end="791">
<p data-start="664" data-end="791">Maintain and update documentation, manuals, and procedures related to hardware configuration, troubleshooting, and maintenance.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p><strong><span data-contrast="auto"><span data-ccp-charstyle="Strong">We expect you to have:</span></span><span data-ccp-props="{&quot;134233117&quot;:true,&quot;134233118&quot;:true}">&nbsp;</span></strong></p>
<ul>
<li data-start="812" data-end="871">
<p data-start="814" data-end="871">Solid understanding of server and networking equipment.</p>
</li>
<li data-start="872" data-end="971">
<p data-start="874" data-end="971">Practical, hands-on experience with server hardware, network switches, and fiber optic cabling.</p>
</li>
<li data-start="972" data-end="1039">
<p data-start="974" data-end="1039">Proven ability to diagnose and resolve hardware-related issues.</p>
</li>
<li data-start="1040" data-end="1101">
<p data-start="1042" data-end="1101">A proactive, responsible, and results-driven work attitude.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p><strong><span data-contrast="auto"><span data-ccp-charstyle="Strong">It will be </span><span data-ccp-charstyle="Strong">an added bonus</span><span data-ccp-charstyle="Strong"> if you have:</span></span><span data-ccp-props="{&quot;134233117&quot;:true,&quot;134233118&quot;:true}">&nbsp;</span></strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Valid Category B driving license.</li>
<li>Basic knowledge of the Linux operating system and familiarity with command-line tools.</li>
</ul>
<div>
<p><strong>Join Nebius Today!</strong></p>
</div>
<div>&nbsp;</div><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>What we offer</strong>&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>Competitive salary and comprehensive benefits package.</li>
<li>Opportunities for professional growth within Nebius.</li>
<li>Flexible working arrangements.</li>
<li>A dynamic and collaborative work environment that values initiative and innovation.</li>
</ul>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">We’re growing and expanding our products every day. If you’re up to the challenge and are excited about AI and ML as much as we are, join us!</span></p></div>