<p>In this role, you will oversee all aspects of food safety and product quality systems on-site. You will lead the technical team while ensuring compliance with auditing standards. Additionally, you will work closely with cross-functional teams to uphold and continuously improve our quality standards.</p>
<p><strong>What You Will Be Doing:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Lead and develop a high-performing team to achieve KPIs, boost productivity, and unlock potential.</li>
<li>Embody company values and address daily team inquiries, collaborating with HR and training departments as needed.</li>
<li>Maintain, develop, and continuously improve the quality management systems to ensure compliance with BRCGS and company standards.</li>
<li>Investigate raw material issues, perform inspections, and review/update technical procedures as necessary.</li>
<li>Build strong supplier relationships and manage stock in quarantine areas effectively</li>
<li>Lead and maintain continuous compliance with Food Safety and Health &amp; Safety standards, proactively addressing any issues that arise.</li>
<li>Resolve problems and escalate issues as appropriate, ensuring SOP adherence and coordinating necessary support functions.</li>
<li>Conduct audits, support ad-hoc projects, and champion company strategies such as inclusivity and employee well-being initiatives.</li>
<li>Act as a FSQA champion to support the mentoring, training and development of all staff to ensure awareness and understanding of food safety and quality standards and their relevance to HF objectives.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Who You Are:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Proven experience in a quality/ compliance role within food &amp; beverage or similar industries.</li>
<li>Proven track record of experience in a people management role, demonstrating the ability to lead, motivate, and develop teams effectively!<br>Proficiency in using quality management software or tools for data analysis and reporting</li>
<li>Experience HACCP Level 3 &amp; Food Safety Level 3 Degree in food science, food technology or a related field preferred&nbsp;</li>
<li>Proficiency in using G-Suite Software</li>
<li>Confident and effective communicator with strong interpersonal, relationship building and negotiation skills</li>
</ul>
<p><span style="text-decoration: underline;"><strong>What you will get in return:</strong></span></p>
<p>● 70% off HelloFresh or Green Chef boxes<br>● Company pension scheme<br>● Gym membership<br>● Bupa private medical insurance (including dental &amp; family cover options)<br>● Mental health first aiders and an employee assistance programme<br>● Dog friendly office! (London site only)<br>● Nursery support scheme<br>● Cycle to work scheme<br>● Group Life Assurance</p>
<p><strong>Location</strong>: HelloFresh UK | Unit 2, Collaboration Way | Smartparc | Derby | DE21 7HW</p>
<p><strong>Working Schedule: </strong>Mon- Fri (8am-5pm)</p>
<p><strong>To be considered for this role, you’ll need to have the independent right to work in the UK, as we're unfortunately unable to provide sponsorship at this time.</strong></p>
<p><strong>Next steps</strong>: Your application will be reviewed and if successful, a member of the Talent Acquisition Team will be in touch within 2 weeks.</p>
<p>You are required to cooperate with HelloFresh in all health and safety matters. You are responsible for ensuring you take reasonable care of your own health, and safety as well as others who may be affected by the work activities you undertake. You must report incidents immediately and actively raise health and safety-related concerns to your Line Manager.&nbsp;As part of our commitment to maintaining a safe and secure environment, we will process Disclosure and Barring Service (<span class="il">DBS</span>) checks to the successful individual. Failure to disclose relevant information at application or throughout the process could affect your employment with the company.&nbsp;</p>
<p>If you are currently a HelloFresh employee, please make sure you have discussed your application with your Line Manager.</p>