<div class="content-intro"><h4><strong>Join Axon and be a Force for Good.</strong></h4>
<p>At Axon, we’re on a mission to Protect Life. We’re explorers, pursuing society’s most critical safety and justice issues with our ecosystem of devices and cloud software. Like our products, we work better together. We connect with candor and care, seeking out diverse perspectives from our customers, communities and each other.<br><br>Life at Axon is fast-paced, challenging and meaningful. Here, you’ll take ownership and drive real change. Constantly grow as you work hard for a mission that matters at a company where you matter.</p></div><h2><strong>Your Impact</strong></h2>
<p><br>As a <strong>Global Returns Associate</strong>, you will play a key role in delivering a world-class customer experience. You will efficiently manage inbound product returns, process orders accurately, and support continuous improvement within our returns operation. Your strong organisational skills, attention to detail, and clear communication will help optimise our workflows and uphold Axon’s reputation for excellence.</p>
<h2><strong>What You’ll Do</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Manage the day-to-day administrative processing of returned Axon products.</li>
<li>Provide accurate, complete, and timely information to customers and internal teams.</li>
<li>Contribute to process improvements to enhance efficiency and customer service.</li>
<li>Assist with updating and maintaining Axon databases and relevant systems.</li>
<li>Support additional projects within the Global Returns Team as required.</li>
<li>Perform other duties that may reasonably be assigned in line with the role.</li>
<li>Be willing to travel across the UK to deliver Axon products to our customers. (This will include overnight stays)</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>What You’ll Bring</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>1–2 years of administrative experience, ideally with ERP systems such as SAP, D365, or equivalent.</li>
<li>Strong problem-solving skills and attention to detail.</li>
<li>Excellent communication, organization, and time-management abilities.</li>
<li>Experience in reverse logistics or returns processing is highly desirable.</li>
<li>Ability to work on-site full-time at our Daventry warehouse.</li>
<li>A proactive mindset and willingness to support continuous improvement initiatives.</li>
<li>Full clean UK Driving licence</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Benefits that Benefit You </strong></p>
<ul class="d9579f95 \_005fca58">
<li>Competitive base salary and RSUs.</li>
<li>Comprehensive pension plan with matching contribution</li>
<li>Private health insurance &amp; cash plans</li>
<li>30 days paid holiday + UK public holidays</li>
<li>Enhanced maternity/paternity leave</li>
<li>GymPass subscription</li>
<li>Life assurance &amp; income protection</li>
<li>Career growth support and wellness resources</li>
</ul>
<p><em>Benefits listed herein may vary depending on the nature of your employment and the location where you work.</em></p>
<h4>&nbsp;</h4><div class="content-conclusion"><p>Don’t meet every single requirement? That's ok. At Axon, we Aim Far. We think big with a long-term view because we want to reinvent the world to be a safer, better place. We are also committed to building diverse teams that reflect the communities we serve.</p>
<p>Studies have shown that women and people of color are less likely to apply to jobs unless they check every box in the job description. If you’re excited about this role and our mission to Protect Life but your experience doesn’t align perfectly with every qualification listed here, we encourage you to apply anyways. You may be just the right candidate for this or other roles.</p>
<p><strong>Important Notes</strong></p>
<p><em>The above job description is not intended as, nor should it be construed as, exhaustive of all duties, responsibilities, skills, efforts, or working conditions associated with this job. The job description may change or be supplemented at any time in accordance with business needs and conditions.</em></p>
<p><em>Some roles may also require legal eligibility to work in a firearms environment.</em></p>
<p><em>We collect personal information from applicants to evaluate candidates for employment. You may request access, deletion, or exercise other CCPA rights at&nbsp;<strong data-stringify-type="bold"><a class="c-link c-link--underline" href="mailto:axongreenhousesupport@axon.com" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="mailto:axongreenhousesupport@axon.com" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">axongreenhousesupport@axon.com</a></strong>&nbsp;or via our&nbsp;<a class="c-link c-link--underline" href="https://privacyportal.onetrust.com/webform/0efc1702-9321-4119-bc9d-a06c3a1d3e4e/ca57cc26-a159-4193-9f6e-58ffe3fd2509" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://privacyportal.onetrust.com/webform/0efc1702-9321-4119-bc9d-a06c3a1d3e4e/ca57cc26-a159-4193-9f6e-58ffe3fd2509" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">Axon Privacy Web Form</a>. For more information, please see the Your California Privacy Rights section of our&nbsp;<a class="c-link c-link--underline" href="https://www.axon.com/candidateprivacypolicy" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://www.axon.com/candidateprivacypolicy" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">Applicant and Candidate Privacy Notice.</a></em></p>
<p><em>Axon’s mission is to Protect Life and is committed to the well-being and safety of its employees as well as Axon’s impact on the environment. All Axon employees must be aware of and committed to the appropriate environmental, health, and safety regulations, policies, and procedures. Axon employees are empowered to report safety concerns as they arise and activities potentially impacting the environment.</em></p>
<p><em>We are an equal opportunity employer that promotes justice, advances equity, values diversity and fosters inclusion. We’re committed to hiring the best talent — regardless of race, creed, color, ancestry, religion, sex (including pregnancy), national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship status, marital status, disability, gender identity, genetic information, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances — and empowering all of our employees so they can do their best work. If you have a disability or special need that requires assistance or accommodation during the application or the recruiting process, please email <a href="mailto:recruitingops@axon.com">recruitingops@axon.com. </a>&nbsp;Please note that this email address is for accommodation purposes only. Axon will not respond to inquiries for other purposes.</em></p>
<p>Phishing alert:&nbsp; Axon will never ask you to pay for any part of the hiring process, including training, equipment, or background checks. We do not make job offers via text message, WhatsApp, or instant messaging platforms without a formal interview process.&nbsp; All legitimate job openings are listed on our official careers page at <a href="https://www.axon.com/careers">https://www.axon.com/careers</a>. &nbsp;If you receive a suspicious offer or outreach from an email address that is not <strong>@axon.com</strong>, or if you are asked for sensitive personal information (bank details, Social Security Number) prematurely, please ignore the message and report it to <a href="mailto:recruitingops@axon.com">recruitingops@axon.com</a>.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p></div>