<div class="content-intro"><p><strong>About Pinterest:</strong></p>
<p>Millions of people around the world come to our platform to find creative ideas, dream about new possibilities and plan for memories that will last a lifetime. At Pinterest, we’re on a mission to bring everyone the inspiration to create a life they love, and that starts with the people behind the product.</p>
<p>Discover a career where you ignite innovation for millions, transform passion into growth opportunities, celebrate each other’s unique experiences and embrace the&nbsp;<a href="https://www.pinterestcareers.com/our-life/pinflex/">flexibility</a> to do your best work. Creating a career you love? It’s Possible.</p>
<p>At Pinterest, AI isn't just a feature, it's a powerful partner that augments our creativity and amplifies our impact, and we’re looking for candidates who are excited to be a part of that. To get a complete picture of your experience and abilities, we’ll explore your foundational skills and how you collaborate with AI.</p>
<p>Through our interview process, what matters most is that you can always explain your approach, showing us not just what you know, but how you think. You can read more about our AI interview philosophy and how we use AI in our recruiting process <a href="https://www.pinterestcareers.com/our-philosophy-on-ai-in-hiring/">here</a>.</p></div><p>As a Sr. Measurement Partner, you'll assist our Sales team, Advertisers, and Agency partners in understanding and enhancing the effectiveness of their advertising on Pinterest. You'll serve as an advocate, strategist, and thought leader for ad measurement at Pinterest. At the intersection of Business and Product, we aid in driving advertiser performance and provide in-market feedback to our Product organization, influencing our ad and measurement solutions strategies. This position presents a unique opportunity to engage with senior-level executives on a strategic level and help shape the future of how brands advertise on Pinterest.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>What you’ll do:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Conduct and deliver measurement tests and analyses for Pinterest’s advertisers using a combination of internal and external measurement solutions</li>
<li>Develop data-driven guidelines and best practices to enhance the effectiveness and scalability of performance measurement support</li>
<li>Improve overall Sales and advertiser comprehension and adoption of measurement through training and education</li>
<li>Collaborate closely with other Measurement partners globally to ensure alignment and consistency</li>
<li>Help Sales articulate the Pinterest value proposition and handle objections using knowledge of measurement, AdTech and analytics</li>
<li>Communicate complex measurement concepts to non-technical audiences and influence client measurement thinking</li>
<li>Engage in strategic conversations with advertisers’ senior stakeholders to challenge and influence measurement practices</li>
<li>Stay on top of current measurement approaches and technologies, providing guidance and recommendations to our clients</li>
</ul>
<p><br><strong>What we’re looking for:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>5+ years of demonstrated digital ads measurement experience within a technology company, media agency, consulting firm, advertiser, or research company</li>
<li>Bachelor’s degree in a relevant field such as Economics, Statistics, Mathematics or equivalent experience</li>
<li>Expertise with measurement concepts, solutions, and underlying statistical fundamentals leveraged in the ads measurement ecosystem, specifically, including media mix modeling, sales lift, geo match market tests, and brand/conversion lift</li>
<li>SQL-based programming experience, ideally working with a marketing and/or ad effectiveness datasets&nbsp;</li>
<li>Strong analytical skills with the ability to synthesize across multiple data sources and turn numbers into actionable insights</li>
<li>Ability to work-cross functionally, independently, with sales, product, and other members of the Partner Measurement team</li>
<li>Experience communicating complex measurement concepts directly with Partners with a wide range of measurement sophistication</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Relocation Statement:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>This position is not eligible for relocation assistance. Visit our<a href="https://www.pinterestcareers.com/pinflex/"> PinFlex</a> page to learn more about our working model.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>In-Office Requirement Statement:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>We recognize that the ideal environment for work is situational and may differ across departments. What this looks like day-to-day can vary based on the needs of each organization or role.</li>
<li>As such, this role will need to be in the office or in front of our customers for in-person collaboration, typically 2 days per week, and therefore needs to be in a commutable distance to our Sydney City based office.</li>
</ul>
<p>#LI-JC11<br>#LI-HYBRID</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>Our Commitment to Inclusion:</strong></p>
<div>Pinterest is an equal opportunity employer and makes employment decisions on the basis of merit. We want to have the best qualified people in every job. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion or religious creed, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, age, marital status, status as a protected veteran, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information or characteristics (or those of a family member) or any other consideration made unlawful by applicable federal, state or local laws. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you require a medical or religious accommodation during the job application process, please complete&nbsp;<a href="https://forms.gle/sS24D4WboEKUZMQK6">this form</a>&nbsp;for support.
<div>&nbsp;</div>
</div></div>