<div class="content-intro"><p><strong data-stringify-type="bold">Why work at Nebius<br></strong>Nebius is leading a new era in cloud computing to serve the global AI economy. We create the tools and resources our customers need to solve real-world challenges and transform industries, without massive infrastructure costs or the need to build large in-house AI/ML teams. Our employees work at the cutting edge of AI cloud infrastructure alongside some of the most experienced and innovative leaders and engineers in the field.</p>
<p><strong>Where we work<br></strong>Headquartered in Amsterdam and listed on Nasdaq, Nebius has a global footprint with R&amp;D hubs across Europe, North America, and Israel. The team of over 1400 employees includes more than 400 highly skilled engineers with deep expertise across hardware and software engineering, as well as an in-house AI R&amp;D team.</p></div><div class="p-rich\_text\_section">
<h3><strong><span data-contrast="auto">The role</span></strong></h3>
<p>We’re looking for a Senior Hypervisor Engineer to contribute to the development of our hyperscaler platform.<br>The Hypervisor team supports and develops the parts of the Cloud platform that directly affect the KVM hypervisor and QEMU device emulator. We understand the granular details of hardware virtualization and device emulation, paying close attention to performance and protection against untrusted code.<br>You will work on substantial extensions for the QEMU/KVM virtualization stack in close cooperation with the opensource community.</p>
</div>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section"><strong data-stringify-type="bold">I</strong><strong data-stringify-type="bold">n this position, your responsibility will be to</strong>:</div>
<ul class="p-rich\_text\_list p-rich\_text\_list\_\_bullet" data-stringify-type="unordered-list" data-indent="0" data-border="0">
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">Optimize I/O for emulated disk and network devices</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">Integrate the hypervisor with other platform services and storage facilities for user data</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">Efficiently distribute resources between virtual machines</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">Improve guest system support</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">Advance the cutting-edge of open source virtualization</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">Provide low-level security for the hypervisor and emulator</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">Provide general support, fix bugs, and monitor the upstream</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">Collaborate with other team members and stakeholders</li>
</ul>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section"><strong data-stringify-type="bold">We expect you to have</strong>:</div>
<ul class="p-rich\_text\_list p-rich\_text\_list\_\_bullet" data-stringify-type="unordered-list" data-indent="0" data-border="0">
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">5+ years of professional software engineering experience</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">Fluent in C programming language</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">3+years of experience with Linux</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">At least 3 years of engineering experience with QEMU/KVM</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">General understanding of x86-compatible systems (virtual memory, interrupts, privilege rings)</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">Experience writing general system code in user mode for Linux, including debugging, analysis, and optimization tools (the emulator is built on the user mode system process for Linux)</li>
</ul>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section"><strong data-stringify-type="bold">It would be an added bonus if you had</strong>:</div>
<ul class="p-rich\_text\_list p-rich\_text\_list\_\_bullet" data-stringify-type="unordered-list" data-indent="0" data-border="0">
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">Aсcepted patches in Linux Kernel or QEMU/KVM</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">Experience working with Linux kernel</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">Some experience with ARMv8, including virtualization extensions</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">Understanding of PCI, SCSI, and ACPI</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">Experience working with the Linux kernel</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">Excellent communication skills for cross-team collaboration</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">Strong work ethic</li>
</ul>
<p><span data-ccp-props="{}"><em data-stringify-type="italic">We conduct coding interviews as part of the process.</em></span></p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>What we offer</strong>&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>Competitive salary and comprehensive benefits package.</li>
<li>Opportunities for professional growth within Nebius.</li>
<li>Flexible working arrangements.</li>
<li>A dynamic and collaborative work environment that values initiative and innovation.</li>
</ul>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">We’re growing and expanding our products every day. If you’re up to the challenge and are excited about AI and ML as much as we are, join us!</span></p></div>