<h2><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;"><strong>The Role</strong></span></h2>
<p><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">At HelloConnect, you will be part of a dynamic team in Inoza tower, BGC that embraces innovation and leverages advanced technology to create exceptional experiences. Our culture is built on collaboration, continuous learning, and a commitment to excellence. You’ll have the opportunity to work on impactful projects, develop your skills, and grow within a supportive environment that values diverse perspectives and experiences.</span></p>
<p>The main aspect of the role will be as the voice of the brand and community, taking calls from our members and encouraging them to continue with their membership, doing outbound calls to upgrade or reactivate the account of the customers who canceled before. The channel/skill may change depending on the client's request (inbound, outbound, reactivation, CS, etc..)</p>
<p><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">We’re looking for passionate individuals who can bring their unique skills and ideas to the table. Even if you don't meet every requirement but believe you’d excel in this role, we’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
<h2><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;"><strong>What you’ll do</strong></span></h2>
<p><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;"><strong>Inhouse Version&nbsp;</strong></span></p>
<ul>
<li>Contact potential customers via phone, email, and social media to promote our subscription&nbsp;service and increase sales.</li>
<li>Build strong relationships with existing customers and ensure that they remain loyal to the company.</li>
<li>Use persuasive sales techniques to educate customers about the benefits of subscribing and to overcome objections.</li>
<li>Manage and update customer records and sales data in our CRM system.</li>
<li>Provide excellent customer service and support to ensure customer satisfaction and loyalty.</li>
<li>Meet targets and performance metrics set by the clients.</li>
</ul>
<h2><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;"><strong>What you’ll bring</strong></span></h2>
<p><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;"><strong>Inhouse version</strong><strong> &nbsp;</strong></span></p>
<ul>
<li>Previous experience in sales - preferably in a subscription-based service or a related industry.</li>
<li>Excellent communication skills, quick to resolve the issue with great CS skills and high quality.</li>
<li>Positive energy and can-do attitude.</li>
<li>A person with high regard for integrity and diligence. Works efficiently with minimal supervision.</li>
<li>An interest/passion for Craft Beer and Wine - ideal but not essential&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<h2><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;"><strong>What we offer</strong></span></h2>
<ul>
<li style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;"><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;"><strong>Competitive Compensation</strong>: Beyond the standard package, we offer perks like Long Service Benefits (anniversary bonus) to recognize and celebrate your dedication</span></li>
<li style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;"><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;"><strong>Wellness &amp; Perks</strong>: We prioritize your well-being by offering mental health support, HMO medical coverage, generous leave benefits plus life insurance for both you and your family's peace of mind</span></li>
<li style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;"><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;"><strong>Growth Opportunities</strong>: Invest in your personal development with an annual learning &amp; development budget, plus access to the 360 Learning platform</span></li>
<li style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;"><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;"><strong>Dynamic Environment</strong>: Join a rapidly growing global Business Process Outsourcing company, where you'll collaborate with a diverse community spanning across multiple continents and cultures</span></li>
<li style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;"><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;"><strong>Work-Life Balance</strong>: Enjoy a healthy balance between your professional and personal life, with a supportive environment that prioritizes your well-being and personal time</span></li>
</ul>
<h2><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;"><strong>Are you up for the challenge?</strong></span></h2>
<p><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">The first step to your new role starts here. Send in your application, along with your salary expectations and preferred start date. Our dedicated team will thoroughly review your details. We are excited to connect with you soon!&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">#helloconnect<br>#LI-Remote</span></p>