<h2><strong>Who we are</strong></h2>
<h3><strong>About Stripe</strong></h3>
<p>Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies—from the world’s largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyone’s reach while doing the most important work of your career.</p>
<h3><strong>About the team</strong></h3>
<p>At Stripe, product development is an extremely collaborative effort between engineering, design, analytics, partnerships, legal, risk and go-to-market teams. You’d be joining a group of experienced Engineering, Product Management, Strategy, and Operations leaders who have a track record of successfully building large-scale business and products that are collectively impacting millions of users around the world.</p>
<p>Stripe’s payments products have helped to accelerate many of the world’s most innovative companies, and the Local Payments Methods team owns one of Stripe’s most critical workflows, a platform that processes billions of dollars in payments annually. We are looking for a senior Technical Program Manager who’s passionate about solving problems in the complex payments landscape, not only serving our customers but also our financial partners and regulator stakeholders.</p>
<p>Payments continues to see exciting innovations such as an acceleration in payment methods coming online in the form of Buy Now Pay Later, Digital Wallets, and Crypto payments. Such payment methods provide more benefits to merchants and enable functionality that was not present before. The Local Payment Methods team is building the platform &amp; enabling payment methods that connect to millions of Stripe users globally. We're responsible for building new product experiences that help providers to improve their integration, boost their conversion, and grow their business. We also own the end-to-end journey for users adopting new payment methods.</p>
<h3><strong>What you’ll do</strong></h3>
<p>As a TPM, you will play a key role leading complex programs across multiple engineering, product and cross-functional (finance, legal, compliance, risk, and other) teams spanning Stripe. You will be an active contributor to the overall strategy of the program, drive technical decision making, and drive the execution of the program through all phases from planning to delivery. You will have the opportunity to implement mechanisms that make your programs effective and scale them to edit Stripe-level processes.&nbsp;&nbsp;</p>
<h3>You will:</h3>
<ul>
<li>Drive functional and technical delivery of key team and org-wide programs/initiatives.</li>
<li>Collaborate with engineering teams to design, scope, and shepherd features.</li>
<li>Create functional specs, project / release plans, and roadmaps.</li>
<li>Own and execute one or more software engineering programs simultaneously.</li>
<li>Help drive product decisions to align with program and sometimes higher company initiatives.</li>
<li>Help influence peers / managers and build consensus while dealing with ambiguity.</li>
<li>Guide and manage the usage of agile methodologies to simplify project delivery.</li>
</ul>
<h3>Who you are</h3>
<p>We’re looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.</p>
<h3><strong>Minimum requirements</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>6+ years of experience in technical program/product management, software engineering, systems engineering or related discipline.</li>
<li>Consistent track record of shipping products with broad/global customer impact.</li>
<li>You have a track record of providing solid program management during all phases of software development from kick-off to ship, demonstrating critical thinking and thought leadership throughout.</li>
<li>You are not satisfied with just delivering programs on time—you are discerning about product/infrastructure architecture and can lead technical discussions.</li>
<li>Operate independently and lead efforts across multiple teams and functions, with stakeholders in different disciplines across time zones.</li>
<li>Ability to understand how functionality comes together (across products and platforms) to deliver value for users, and identify/mitigate delivery risks proactively.</li>
<li>Strong customer focus.</li>
<li>You have strong written and verbal communication skills.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Interpersonal skills to build relationships, and collaborate with diverse cross-functional teams.</li>
<li>Demonstrable experience with agile software development methodologies and productivity tools.</li>
<li>Bachelor's degree or equivalent in computer science, engineering or a related field.</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>Preferred qualifications</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Experience in a global FinTech or payments organization of a global e-commerce company.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>