Pioneer of online flash sales since 2001 and key player in European e-commerce, Veepee collaborates with over 7,000 brands to offer highly discounted products available for a limited time. Operating across various sectors, including fashion, home, wine, travel or beauty... Veepee achieved a turnover of 3.3 billion euros incl. VAT in 2024 and employs 5,000 staff members across 10 countries.

## 📄 JOB DESCRIPTION

If you are passionate about digital, you are an analytics person and focused on details, but above all you are curious to find out what the challenges of an e-commerce in constant transformation are, Veepee is the right place for you!

## 🎯 TASKS

- Definition, organization and optimization of online catalog merchandising on the platform
- Selection of the correct product positioning, with the objective of maximizing sales performance (cross-selling, ranking, filters, banners etc...)
- Daily contact with Veepee's international team of Account Managers
- Reporting and competitor analysis
- Elaboration of brands strategy communication

## 👉 MUST HAVE skills

You are the right candidate for us if :

- You have a previous experience of 6 months/1 year
- Analysis is your strong suit!
- You are an Excel wizard
- You speak excellent English and French / Dutch
- You enjoy working towards goals
- Creative approach
- If you possess these qualifications, we believe you would be a great fit for our team
- Are available for 6 months starting May or June

## 👉 NICE TO HAVE skills

- Work in synergy with focus on projects to successfully deal with unexpected
- Good communication abilities and problem-solving skills
- Smart and goal-oriented way to work!
- Degree in Economics/Marketing/Communication or similar

## ✅ BENEFITS

- 👉 Experience at the biggest e-commerce flash sale player in the Benelux.
- 👉 Experience in a dynamic international environment.
- 👉 A paid internship.
- 👉 Access to online learning platforms.
- 👉 Flexible working hours.
- 👉 Participate in fun activities.

## ⚙️RECRUITMENT PROCESS

- 1️⃣ HR Video interview
- 2️⃣ Manager's interview

All our positions are open to people with health conditions or impairments.

We are convinced that it is up to you to define the way you work, to develop yourself and to progress. At Veepee we guarantee that you can just be yourself! For the service of diversity and inclusion, Veepee is committed to reviewing all applications received on an equal basis.

🔗COMPANY

For more information about our ecosystem :  <https://careers.veepee.com/en/home-page-en/>

The Veepee Group processes your data collected as part of the management of your recruitment in order to manage your application file for the position for which you have applied. To find out more about our [personal data protection policy](https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vSo1RtdSKVW0sLLtdwWOSoM3PzGXfqS030q1JrdJXDuOJXfhVwx_YLrrQYJcLQUpA/pub), we invite you to consult it on our career site.