<h2><strong>Job Description</strong></h2>
<p>As the FSQA Manager - Downstream, you will bring strategic leadership and hands-on expertise to embed a robust, scalable, and sustainable Quality Management System across all our Australian Distribution Centres. This role is crucial for aligning and overseeing QA operations, driving audit readiness, ensuring compliance, and championing a culture of quality across HelloFresh and our logistics arm, BeCool AU.</p>
<p>This role is based in <strong>Eastern Creek,</strong> Sydney and reports to the Quality Assurance Lead AU. The role requires occasional interstate travel, fortnightly visits to our Chippendale HQ, and trips to the Sydney Markets to supervise fumigation processes when required.</p>
<p><strong>You will…</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Lead the implementation of a comprehensive, harmonised, and logistics-focused Quality Management System, fully aligned with HelloFresh AU and global quality strategies.</li>
<li>Manage the end-to-end process for closing out non-conformances from internal and third-party audits, including developing and verifying CAPA activities across our Australian DCs.</li>
<li>Build a continuous improvement culture by championing root cause analysis as the standard practice for quality issue resolution and prevention.</li>
<li>Oversee all FSQA-related service providers, including cleaning, pest control, and third-party auditors, ensuring strong partnerships that meet our high operational and ethical expectations.</li>
<li>Drive documentation control and the continuous optimisation of quality procedures, SOPs, and monitoring records across all AU operations.</li>
<li>Ensure full readiness and successful outcomes for internal, customer, and third-party audits, including BRC Storage and Distribution (S&amp;D) certification for BeCool.</li>
<li>Develop and lead engaging training programs to build a strong QA capability and awareness across all our operational teams.</li>
<li>Act as the FSQA Project Lead for BeCool, driving initiatives that support delivery operations' quality and food safety performance.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>You have/are…</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>A degree in a relevant discipline (essential).</li>
<li>Demonstrated experience (minimum 6 years) in a similar quality assurance role, preferably within the FMCG sector.</li>
<li>Proven experience leading CAPA and root cause processes and an advanced understanding of Quality Management Systems.</li>
<li>Demonstrated experience (minimum 4 years) managing an operational team, ideally a QA/QC team.</li>
<li>Experienced in developing, implementing, and maintaining compliance with the BRC Storage and Distribution standard.</li>
<li>Excellent at planning, prioritisation, and organisational skills to effectively manage multiple priorities and projects.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>What you’ll get in return…&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>The chance to have a significant impact in a leading global food technology company</li>
<li>Flexible working arrangements&nbsp;</li>
<li>Egoless environment, constant learning with room for personal growth</li>
<li>Free access to Headspace</li>
<li>HelloFresh Academies - internal learning &amp; development&nbsp;</li>
<li>A diverse and vibrant international environment, with offices in 18 countries</li>
<li>Company discount - 70% off HelloFresh &amp; 40% off Youfoodz</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Start Date: </strong>Immediately available - Can wait a notice period</p>
<p><strong>Duration: </strong>Permanent full time role</p>
<p><strong>Location: </strong>Eastern Creek - Parking On site&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Salary: </strong>Competitive salary &amp; employee benefits</p>
<p>#LI-Onsite</p>