<div class="content-intro"><p>Isomorphic Labs is applying frontier AI to help unlock deeper scientific insights, faster breakthroughs, and life-changing medicines with an ambition to solve all disease.</p>
<p>The future is coming. A future enabled and enriched by the incredible power of machine learning. A future in which diseases are curtailed or cured starting with better and faster drug discovery.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Come and be part of an interdisciplinary team driving groundbreaking innovation and play a meaningful role in contributing towards us achieving our ambitious goals, while being a part of an inspiring and collaborative culture.</p>
<p>The world we want tomorrow is the one we’re building today. It starts with the culture at this company. It starts with you.&nbsp;</p>
<h3><strong>About Iso</strong></h3>
<p>Isomorphic Labs (IsoLabs) was launched in 2021 to advance human health by building on and beyond the Nobel-winning AlphaFold system. Since then, our interdisciplinary team of drug discovery experts and machine learning specialists has built powerful new predictive and generative AI models that accelerate scientific discovery at digital speed.</p>
<p>Our name comes from the belief that there is an underlying symmetry between biology and information science. By harnessing AI’s powerful capabilities, we can use it to model complex biological phenomena to help design novel molecules, anticipate how drugs will perform and develop innovative medicines to treat and cure some of the world’s most devastating diseases.</p>
<p>We have built a world-leading drug design engine comprising AI models that are capable of working across multiple therapeutic areas and drug modalities. We are continually innovating on model architecture and developing cutting-edge capabilities to advance rational drug design.</p>
<p>Every day, and with each new breakthrough, we’re getting closer to the promise of digital biology, and achieving our ambitious mission to one day solve all disease with the help of AI.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p></div><h3><strong>Your impact&nbsp;</strong></h3>
<p>You will be working on our groundbreaking platform that will transform the biopharmaceutical world as we know it.&nbsp;You'll join our Platform group, where you partner with leading engineers, scientists and ML researchers to build the critical foundations driving that transformation.</p>
<p>You'll be working as part of a small and highly efficient team on all parts of cloud infrastructure and software lifecycle.</p>
<p>We believe Isomorphic is best of both worlds: a dynamic startup where things happen fast with a secure Alphabet backing and a long-term vision.</p>
<p>We’re still at a relatively early stage in our journey, with a level of ambiguity as we continuously learn from each other, so you will need to build on your previous experience and show initiative in order to fully carve out your contribution in this newly created role.</p>
<h3><strong>What you will do&nbsp;</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li data-path-to-node="1,0,0">Design, operate, manage and refine research, development, and production cloud infrastructure (GCP, K8s, Docker, Terraform, Kapitan, etc.)</li>
<li data-path-to-node="1,1,0">Develop and manage tools and processes to enhance software development practices</li>
<li data-path-to-node="1,2,0">Contribute to core technical decisions (e.g. choice of tooling, infrastructure, and architectural design)</li>
<li data-path-to-node="1,3,0">Partner and collaborate with a diverse set of teams including science (drug discovery), research (machine learning), product, business development and operations</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>Skills and qualifications&nbsp;</strong></h3>
<p><strong>Essential:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li data-path-to-node="1,0,0">Strong experience with Docker, Terraform and at least one major Cloud Platform</li>
<li data-path-to-node="1,0,0">Proficiency in identifying and mitigating security risks</li>
<li>Hands on experience partnering with the internal security team to work on securing the internal platforms&nbsp;</li>
<li data-path-to-node="1,1,0">Strong hands-on experience managing Kubernetes clusters</li>
<li data-path-to-node="1,2,0">Clear understanding of Infrastructure as Code</li>
<li data-path-to-node="1,3,0">Extensive experience with modern DevOps (CI/CD, release management, automation)</li>
<li data-path-to-node="1,4,0">Experience with Helm/Kustomize/Kapitan or similar deployment tools</li>
<li data-path-to-node="1,5,0">Experience with Grafana/Prometheus/Splunk or similar monitoring/observability technologies</li>
<li data-path-to-node="1,6,0">Strong Python programming</li>
<li data-path-to-node="1,7,0">Ability to independently deliver solutions and work effectively in cross-functional teams</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Nice to have:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li data-path-to-node="1,0,0">Experience with Google Cloud Platform (GCP)</li>
<li data-path-to-node="1,1,0">Experience supporting machine learning cloud infrastructure</li>
<li data-path-to-node="1,2,0">Experience with GitHub Actions</li>
<li data-path-to-node="1,3,0">Strong foundations in software engineering before moving into a technical operations role</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><h3><strong><br>Culture and values</strong></h3>
<p>We are guided by our shared values. It's not about finding people who think and act in the same way. These values help to guide our work and will continue to strengthen it.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Thoughtful<br></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">Thoughtful at Iso is about curiosity, creativity and care. It is about good people doing good, rigorous and future-making science every single day.</span></p>
<p><strong>Brave<br></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">Brave at Iso is about fearlessness, but it’s also about initiative and integrity. The scale of the challenge demands nothing less.</span></p>
<p><strong>Determined<br></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">Determined at Iso is the way we pursue our goal. It’s a confidence in our hypothesis, as well as the urgency and agility needed to deliver on it. Because disease won’t wait, so neither should we.</span></p>
<p><strong>Together<br></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">Together at Iso is about connection, collaboration across fields and catalytic relationships. It’s knowing that transformation is a group project, and remembering that what we’re doing will have a real impact on real people everywhere.</span></p>
<h3><strong><br>Creating an extraordinary company</strong></h3>
<p>We believe that to be successful we need a team with a range of skills and talents. We're building an environment where collaboration is fundamental, learning is shared and every employee feels supported and able to thrive. We value unique experiences, knowledge, backgrounds, and perspectives, and harness these qualities to create extraordinary impact.</p>
<p>We are committed to equal employment opportunities regardless of sex, race, religion or belief, ethnic or national origin, disability, age, citizenship, marital, domestic or civil partnership status, sexual orientation, gender identity, pregnancy or related condition (including breastfeeding) or any other basis protected by applicable law. If you have a disability or additional need that requires accommodation, please do not hesitate to let us know.</p>
<h3><strong><br>Hybrid working</strong></h3>
<p>It’s hugely important for us to share knowledge and build strong relationships with each other, and we find it easier to do this if we spend time together in person. This is why we follow a hybrid model, and <strong>would require you to be able to come into the office 3 days a week</strong> (currently Tuesday, Wednesday, and one other day depending on which team you’re in). If you have additional needs that would prevent you from following this hybrid approach, we’d be happy to talk through these if you’re selected for an initial screening call.</p>
<p><strong>Please note that when you submit an application, your data will be processed in line with our <a href="https://www.isomorphiclabs.com/applicant-and-candidate-privacy-policy" target="\_blank">privacy policy</a>.</strong></p>
<p><br>&gt;&gt; <a href="https://www.isomorphiclabs.com/work-with-us#current-job-openings">Click to view other open roles at Isomorphic Labs</a></p></div>