Are you interested in quantum technology and eager to make an impact in the rapidly evolving field of quantum computing?  Qblox is seeking a talented **Quantum Application Engineer** to join our research and development team.   
  
**The company**

Qblox is a deep tech scaleup whose mission is to accelerate the worldwide race towards building scalable quantum computers. We do this by providing the world's best quantum control stacks. 

We combine hardware with excellent analog performance with easy to use software. We develop a modular system packed with high-end FPGAs that are synchronized with nanosecond precision, high-speed digital interfaces to multi-gigasample data converters, and ultra low-noise and low drift analog (RF) circuits. The FPGAs contain, among other things, our proprietary sequence processors that generate the pulses that control the quantum hardware. 

To interface with our equipment, we develop a software stack consisting of low-level drivers, compilers and assemblers written in C/C++ and higher-level tools written in Python.

Our products are used by R&D teams globally to accelerate the development of operational quantum computers and quantum networks. The technology we are developing is compatible with a broad range of qubit technologies.

**What will you do?**

As a Quantum Application Engineer at Qblox, you will play a central role in our agile product development process. Your responsibilities will focus on developing user stories, maintaining the product backlog, and representing the quantum computing knowledge within the development teams. Together with the engineering teams you work on enhancing current designs and anticipating future user needs, ensuring seamless experiment development for our customers.

Furthermore, with the application engineering team you are responsible for testing the UI/UX and developing and maintaining the user documentation. 

**Key Responsibilities:**

* Design and Build: liaise with the product team to define the features and functionality to be developed.
* Collaborate closely with software and hardware teams to design and build the application layer, integrating and enhancing functionalities for the control stack.

* Testing and Feedback: Conduct thorough testing of our software and hardware, offering valuable feedback to developers.
* User Documentation: Develop compelling tutorials for quantum computing experiments, including next gen instrument’s documentation.

* Sales and Customer Support: Train the application scientists and success on the new product developments.