**At NordProtect, we’re building a complete identity theft protection service.**

Join the team behind Nord Security’s latest product—combining dark web monitoring, credit tracking, and identity theft insurance into one powerful platform.

**Your impact?** Helping people protect their identities, spot threats early, and recover stronger.

Meet **NordProtect**, the all-in-one digital guard against identity theft, financial fraud, and online scams. Offering comprehensive monitoring, swift detection, fast recovery, and reliable insurance, it delivers unparalleled security and peace of mind for businesses and individuals alike. Yet, the true heroes behind this cutting-edge solution are cybersecurity and insurance pros. Join their ranks and be the force that keeps digital presences safe.

## Main Responsibilities

- Oversee and further develop a product that caters to the needs of NordProtect users, handling a substantial volume of personally identifiable information with the highest level of security;
- Align objectives, expectations, and timelines among developers, designers, and business stakeholders;
- Manage the product backlog;
- Manage a team of system analysts and product designers, driving team priorities and closely tying them to higher-level organizational goals;
- Monitor product performance and customer behavior, identifying areas for improvement and growth opportunities;
- Work closely with engineering teams to ensure quick time-to-market and optimal use of resources;
- Engage closely with engineering squads to help determine the best functional implementation approaches and prioritize development efforts;
- Lead and coach the team to produce clear, high-quality functional requirements and domain knowledge for engineering, ensuring alignment, reducing ambiguity, and enabling efficient, high-confidence delivery;
- Act as the primary point of contact within the product team for all questions related to owned domains and initiatives;
- Ensure transparency and visibility of initiatives, providing regular updates on progress.

## Core Requirements

- 3+ years of experience working as a Product Owner or Product Manager;
- Previous experience in the insurance or financial industries is a plus;
- Ability to independently navigate an ambiguous environment;
- A proactive approach to raising challenges and identifying solutions;
- Excellent communication skills;
- Fluency in English.

## Bonus Points For

- Technical background is a strong plus;
- Entrepreneurial mindset, can-do attitude, and a strong sense of ownership for successful outcomes;
- Leadership qualities to coordinate cross-functional team collaboration.

## Tools You Will Use

- Figma
- Google suite
- Jira
- Confluence
- Looker

## Salary Range

- Gross 4500 - 6500 Eur/Month

**What We Offer**

**Innovate with industry leaders**

Work alongside global experts to build world-leading cybersecurity tools, impacting millions of users around the world.

**Learn & grow**

Boost your skills via our extensive training programs (online and offline) & other resources. Benefit from mentorship and career-switch opportunities to grow within the company.

**Work in a next-gen Cyber City office**

Thrive in our bustling office, featuring ergonomic workspaces, modern meeting rooms, engaging events, and specialty coffee to fuel your day.

**Hybrid work**

Enjoy the flexibility with 3 office days and working from home for the remaining 2.

**Work from anywhere**

Recharge with a change of scenery – choose work from any location when you feel a need to power your creativity and drive.

**Physical well-being**

Boost your health with free-of-charge 24/7 gym access, onsite and online workouts, and consultations led by in-house Physical Well-Being experts.

**Mental & emotional health**

Nurture your mind with free psychologist consultations, dedicated mental health events, and premium access to top-rated wellness apps like Calm, Headspace, and Mindletic.

**Premium healthcare**

Receive private health insurance giving you peace of mind for your health needs.

**Extra days off**

Enjoy additional vacation days off as you grow with us. Plus, get extra days for sick leave, special occasions, or parenting needs.

**Joyful moments – special treats**

Celebrate life’s big moments with special gifts from us on your birthday, anniversary, and other major events, such as weddings or the arrival of a new family member.

**Company events & team-building**

Experience iconic Nord Security celebrations, team-buildings, and knowledge-sharing events, nurturing bonds that fuel our success.

**Workation**

Embark on a legendary company getaway abroad, filled with exciting activities, live concerts, engaging workshops, and epic time together.

*Kindly refer to our Privacy Notice for Recruitment Candidates for comprehensive information regarding our data handling procedures throughout recruitment processes:* <https://bit.ly/40GWyjL>

*We expect all candidates to provide accurate and complete information during the recruitment process. While limited use of AI tools to refine application materials is acceptable, candidates remain fully responsible for ensuring that their submissions reflect their own qualifications, skills, and experience. Any failure to do so may negatively affect participation in the recruitment process. If broader AI assistance is allowed for a particular role or stage, we’ll let you know in advance.*

*By submitting your application, you acknowledge that it may be processed using automated tools for evaluation purposes. As part of our recruitment process, we may use an AI-based application review tool to help assess applications based on skills and experience relevant to the role. This technology is used to support - not replace - human decision-making, and every application is ultimately reviewed by a recruiter.*

*If you would like more information about how AI is used in this process or wish to exercise your rights under applicable data privacy laws, please contact us at [privacy@nordaccount.com](mailto:privacy@nordaccount.com). Should you prefer to opt out of the automated evaluation, please submit your application directly to [career@nordsec.com](mailto:career@nordsec.com).*