<p>We’re looking for a dedicated CRNA to join the team at UT Health Athens. UT Health Athens is a multi-specialty hospital that offers a broad scope of medical services.</p>
<p><strong><u>UT Health Athens:</u></strong></p>
<ul>
<li>$295(k) with 7 Weeks Off</li>
<li>1099 Position</li>
<li>Case types include bread and butter general surgery, orthopedic, Endo/GI, urology, ENT, and OBGYN. No Heads</li>
<li>Regional anesthesia proficiency preferred, but willing to train</li>
<li>Staffing consists of 8 CRNA's on site daily and an Anesthesiologist once a week</li>
<li>Call is 1:7</li>
<li>Malpractice and tail coverage provided</li>
<li>CRNA's practice independently</li>
<li>127 bed facility</li>
</ul>
<p><strong><u>Qualifications:</u></strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Regional anesthesia proficiency preferred</li>
<li>New grads welcome to apply</li>
<li>Board Certified</li>
</ul>
<p><strong><u>What we Offer:</u></strong></p>
<ul>
<li>$295(k) 1099</li>
<li>Access to group benefits through preferred partnerships</li>
<li>Paid Malpractice + tail</li>
<li>Support from our Corporate Clinical Leader</li>
</ul>
<p><strong><u>About Athens:</u></strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Located an hour outside of DFW</li>
<li>Athens offers delightful weather year round</li>
<li>Ideal location for the outdoorsman including hunting, fishing, boating and beautiful weather</li>
</ul>
<p><strong><u>About Us:</u></strong></p>
<p>Essential Anesthesia Management, a partnership between YPS and EmergencHealth, is a clinician-founded, clinician-led anesthesia management company striving to deliver the highest quality anesthesia care to both patients and hospitals alike. Over the past several years, we have experienced significant growth, providing turn-key department management at over 125 facilities in 6 states. Over 1400 CRNA and Anesthesiologist providers make up the Essential Team. We are continually seeking additional service-minded professionals to join our team and pride ourselves on hiring the best and brightest. We want to hire exceptional people. If you want to be part of a great anesthesia team that really understands the day-to-day demands in the OR, please give us a call at 602-620-3037.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><em><span class="TextRun SCXW234030319 BCX8" lang="EN-US" data-contrast="auto"><span class="NormalTextRun SCXW234030319 BCX8">Essential Anesthesia Management</span><span class="NormalTextRun SCXW234030319 BCX8"> is committed to equal opportunity for all, without regard to race, religion, color, national origin, citizenship, sex, age, veteran status, disability, genetic information, or any other protected characteristic</span><span class="NormalTextRun SCXW234030319 BCX8">.&nbsp; </span><span class="NormalTextRun SCXW234030319 BCX8">Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the assigned and essential functions.</span></span><span class="EOP SCXW234030319 BCX8" data-ccp-props="{&quot;201341983&quot;:0,&quot;335559739&quot;:160,&quot;335559740&quot;:240}">&nbsp;</span></em></p></div>