<h2><strong>Who we are</strong></h2>
<h3><strong>About Stripe</strong></h3>
<p>Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies—from the world’s largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyone’s reach while doing the most important work of your career.</p>
<h3><strong>About the team</strong></h3>
<p>The Global Alliances and Channels team focuses on building, supporting and going to market with professional services firms including systems integrators, consultancies, and managed services providers such as Accenture, PwC, Deloitte, Infosys and others. In addition, the team leads the go-to-market initiatives with our strategic technology alliance partners including AWS, Salesforce, Adobe and others. Our objective is to ensure users have access to the broadest set of solutions leveraging the Stripe platform and the deepest set of technology and industry experts, while at the same time ensuring our partners and Stripe build large, mutually beneficial businesses together.</p>
<p>The Strategic Global Alliances (SGA) team focuses on a subset of our highest priority partnerships. These partnerships operate at global scale with Stripe and present opportunities to create significant sales pipeline, deals sold, joint solutions and scaled delivery expertise.</p>
<h2><strong>What you’ll do</strong></h2>
<p>The Partner Development Manager role will support the overall success of Stripe's Global Alliance with Accenture and other key GSI’s in EMEA, driving joint GTM (Go To Market) and co-sell. You will work alongside the Accenture Global Partner Development Manager (PDM) and other GSI PDM’s to drive net new demand for the partnership in the field across key markets in EMEA. This position is focused on deepening our joint sales motion, joint solutions and delivery capabilities. This position is fast-paced, highly visible, and aligned to quarterly metrics. As a Partner Development Manager you will hold a holistic view of the business, generated by and engaged with Accenture and other partners in EMEA, and will work across the Stripe Sales segments to enhance and grow partner-related Stripe revenue.</p>
<p>You will work cross-functionally with Partner Sales Managers, Partner Development Leadership, and Stripe AEs. You will demonstrate an understanding of the Stripe Partner Ecosystem and the Stripe sales organization, and can recognize high impact opportunities, solutions, support deals for successful engagement with partners, and maintain high business hygiene.&nbsp;&nbsp;</p>
<p>You will drive towards end-customer value that results in business growth to both Accenture (and other GSI’s) and Stripe by being partner-centric in all activities, serving as a leader and advocate for them within Stripe, and accurately representing Stripe within the partner's organization.&nbsp;</p>
<h3><strong>Responsibilities</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Partner with Global Accenture PDM and other GSI PDM’s on building strategy, joint solution development, partner enablement, pipeline development and deal closure in the EMEA region.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Work closely with Accenture and other GSI counterparts to enable Stripe and partner sales teams on the unique joint value prop, lead account mapping workshops, blitz days and co-create opportunities together.</li>
<li>You will orchestrate and partner with cross-functional resources to support Stripe partner Co-Sell and GTM activities and create/ maintain a long-term, scalable joint GTM model that drives Partner and User success.</li>
<li>Support key deal execution with Partners, both pre-sales and post-sales (working with Stripe PSMs, PSEs, SAs, and AEs)</li>
<li>Support weekly pipeline reviews to ensure pipeline information is thorough and accurate</li>
<li>Broker internal resources, tools, references and/or investments needed to achieve quarterly goals</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Who you are</strong></h2>
<p>We’re looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred experience is a bonus, not a requirement.</p>
<h3><strong>Minimum requirements</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>10+ years of technology GTM experience</li>
<li>Strategy, sales and development experience, working alongside consulting partners or ISVs</li>
<li>Process oriented mindset with desire to solve individual challenges while building for scale in mind</li>
<li>Excellent communication and presentation skills, with the ability to speak to different functional leadership both internally and externally</li>
<li>Ability to both lead and be a team player on cross-functional teams that include technical, sales, product, and support resources from Stripe and the partner.&nbsp; Creative in terms of leveraging resources to drive outsized impact.</li>
<li>Willingness to travel be present with partners and sellers in front of our Users and prospects</li>
<li>Ability to build and execute territory and opportunity-specific plans, in partnership with the Global PDM and other cross functional resources</li>
<li>Excellent ongoing operational hygiene, accurately representing sales and partner activities in Salesforce</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>Preferred Experience</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Accenture direct or in-direct GTM experience</li>
<li>Experience driving GTM GSI’s such as PwC, Cognizant, Infosys, Deloitte</li>
<li>Exposure to payments, commerce and Q2C landscape, and understanding of how Stripe’s stack can differentiate and compliment ISV solutions in different integration models.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Experience building successful joint GTM solutions with partners</li>
</ul>