<p>
  <strong>Headquarters:</strong> New York, New York, United States
</p>

<div class="job__description body"><div><p><strong>WHAT ARE WE LOOKING FOR<br></strong>You thrive on the idea of what a brand experience could look and feel like. You use consumer insights, behaviors, mindsets, rituals and context to help craft the holistic journey from start to finish. Immersive experiences excite you, with a drive to open a target audience into a new way of thinking about a brand and the larger world around them. Passion for all aspects of design - digital, environmental, physical, graphic and more!</p><br><p><strong><br>HERE’S WHAT YOU’LL DO (RESPONSIBILITIES)</strong></p><br><ul><br><li>Takes concepts from the creative team into the design phase development through to final execution</li><br><li>Approaches projects with an analytical and strategy focused lens</li><br><li>Develops thorough understanding of clients brand as well as their competitors</li><br><li>Demonstrates exceptional knowledge and application of all Experience Design pillars, including, and not limited to: Architecture, Environmental, Interior, Retail, Graphic, Digital and Motion Design, etc.&nbsp;</li><br><li>Stays abreast of industry trends and happenings</li><br><li>Manages multiple projects with fast deadlines; thriving in a dynamic environment</li><br><li>Stays abreast of the competitive design landscape to better understand brand objectives, target audience and industry trends to share back with the larger team</li><br><li>Presents work internally</li><br><li>Presents work to clients&nbsp;</li><br><li>Mentors more Junior team members</li><br><li>Supporting Momentum’s Values</li><br><li>All other duties as assigned</li><br></ul><br><p><strong>&nbsp;<br></strong><strong>HERE’S WHAT WE’RE LOOKING FOR (QUALIFICATIONS &amp; REQUIREMENTS</strong>)</p><br><ul><br><li>Bachelor's degree in graphic design or related field, preferred</li><br><li>7-10 years experience preferred</li><br><li>Strong portfolio demonstrating your passion for design and experiential</li><br><li>Strong skill in layouts, typography, line composition, color, sketching, visualization, moodboards, material application, spatial diagrams, user journeys and graphic design fundamentals</li><br><li>Expertise in Adobe Creative Suite</li><br><li>Natural communicator with strong visual and verbal presentation skills</li><br><li>Hustler at heart who can adapt to rapidly changing priorities in an energetic environment.</li><br></ul><br><p><strong><br>SALARY RANGE<br></strong>The salary range for this position is $125,000 to $140,000. Where an employee or prospective employee is paid within this range will depend on, among other factors, actual ranges for current/former employees in the subject position; market considerations; location and region; budgetary considerations; tenure and standing with the company (applicable to current employees); as well as the employee’s/applicant’s background, pertinent experience, and qualifications.<br><br><strong>ABOUT US – MOMENTUM WORLDWIDE&nbsp;<br></strong>Momentum is an agency of doers. We make the industry’s most disruptive, entertaining, shareable, unforgettable experiences for our clients and their fans. We do it by bringing people closer to what they love, in original and unexpected ways. Whether it’s a physical activation, a virtual experience, or a piece of unique branded content, it’s all part of what we call the Total Brand Experience — ideas that solve business challenges, through best-in-class Consulting, Strategy, Analytics, Experience Design, and Production.<br><br>We want you to help brands do amazing, unprecedented, wild things, creating experiences that people never forget.<br><br><strong>WHAT CAN YOU EXPECT FROM MOMENTUM</strong></p><br><p><strong>At Momentum, we expect our employees to embody our values!<br></strong>Our Core Values of Be One, Do Great Work, Have Fun, Give Back and Grow empower an environment where we challenge ourselves professionally and encourage each other personally.<br><br><strong>At Momentum, we make </strong><strong>our differences matter!<br></strong>Who we are matters.&nbsp; We choose to hire diverse voices from all walks of life.&nbsp; We choose to make our culture one where everyone can be their authentic self and speak in their voice. We choose to give each other permission to get things wrong, so we can learn to make them right.&nbsp; We choose to celebrate the bravery of our peers and we choose to be collectively responsible.<br><br><strong>At Momentum, we make our actions matter!<br></strong>Making it matter means always choosing the sustainable option. It means designing waste out from the start.&nbsp; It means working with the right materials. Sourcing locally, innovating off-the-shelf solutions and reusing and repurposing. It means powering smarter. Traveling less. And only working with vendors who do the same. Make it matter means becoming the first experiential agency in the world to receive 2 ISO certifications.<br><br><strong>At Momentum, we make our people matter!<br></strong>We choose to make your workplace part of your wellbeing. We choose a hybrid work model. We choose no meeting Fridays. We choose to let ourselves take as much Time Well Taken (vacation) as we need. We choose education programs that help our people develop professionally and personally. We choose tuition reimbursement. We choose to match your 401K. We choose to make your financial wellbeing our priority. We choose to make our people’s lives matter.<br><br><strong>MOMENTUM BENEFITS</strong></p><br><ul><br><li>Flexible Time Off (our flexible benefits plan that allows you take the time you need)</li><br><li>Hybrid Work model – ability to work from home or in office</li><br><li>Holidays and Winter Break (agency closes between Christmas and New Years holidays)</li><br><li>No meeting Fridays</li><br><li>Curated DE&amp;I programs and initiatives</li><br><li>Medical, Dental and Vision plans</li><br><li>Short- and Long-term disability</li><br><li>401(K) with company match</li><br><li>EAP – Employee Assistance Plan</li><br><li>Tuition Reimbursement</li><br><li>Work from Home stipend</li><br><li>Referral bonuses</li><br><li>Training and development opportunities</li><br><li>Flexible Spending Account</li><br><li>Health Saving Accounts</li><br></ul><br><p><em><br>At Momentum Worldwide, we value diversity and the uniqueness of all people. We thrive in an inclusive environment, and we recruit, hire and promote without regard to race, gender, age, color, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, ethnic or national origin, citizenship, religion, sexual preference, military or veteran status, marital status, family status, physical or mental disability – or any other legally protected categories as set forth in the applicable state, federal or local laws. This policy applies to all aspects of employment including training, compensation, benefits and all other privileges of employment.</em></p></div><div><p><em>We make&nbsp;our careers website accessible to any and all users. If you need an accommodation to participate in the application process, please contact us at <a href="JobAppAccommodation@cmgrp.com">JobAppAccommodation@ipgdxtra.com</a>. This email address is not for general employment inquiries or vendors; rather it is strictly for applicants who require special assistance accessing our employment website. Due to volume, messages sent to this email address that are not related to an accommodation cannot be answered.</em></p></div></div>

<p><strong>To apply:</strong> <a href="https://weworkremotely.com/remote-jobs/dxa-circa-associate-3d-design-director-experience-design">https://weworkremotely.com/remote-jobs/dxa-circa-associate-3d-design-director-experience-design</a></p>