**Who is Sonar?**

Sonar helps prevent code quality and code security issues from reaching production, amplifies developers' productivity in concert with AI assistants, and improves the developer experience with streamlined workflows. Sonar analyzes all code, regardless of who writes it — your internal team, genAI, or third parties — resulting in more secure, reliable, and maintainable applications. Rooted in the open source community, Sonar’s solutions support over 30 programming languages, frameworks, and infrastructure technologies. Today, Sonar is used by +7M developers and 400K organizations worldwide, including the DoD, Microsoft, NASA, MasterCard, Siemens, and T-Mobile.

We believe in developing great products that are supported by great internal teams and a strong culture.  We are highly **committed** to and **obsessed** with the company, users, each other, and our open source community. We have high standards and hold each other accountable for acting with positivity, dedication, thoughtfulness, empathy, and passion daily.

We are **deliberate** with our decisions with high clarity of intention. At the same time, we feel extreme urgency and move forward quickly.

And lastly, we are highly **effective** and operationally **efficient**. We operate collectively as One Team to accomplish our goals.

At Sonar, CODE is more than just an acronym – it's a mindset that defines daily operations.

**Why You Should Apply:**

At Sonar, we’re a group of brilliant, motivated, and driven professionals working hard to help supercharge developers to build better, faster. Sonar helps to continuously improve code quality and code security while reducing developer toil. This means that developers can focus on doing more of what they love and less of what they don’t. Our solutions don’t just solve symptoms of problems – we help fix issues at the source – for all code, whether it's developer-written, AI-generated, or from third parties.

We have a dynamic culture with employees worldwide and hub offices in the USA, Switzerland, the UK, Singapore, and Germany. Team members should be able to come to work every day, work on a product they are proud of, love what they do, and feel energized by their peers. With our roots deep in the open source community, we’re all about the mission: supercharge developers to build better, faster.

**The Impact You Will Have:**

Your impact will grow the usage of the SonarQube ecosystem within Accounts, both increase the value they get from our products and their consumption.

You objective are to increase the overall Account Sonar maturity, lower the risk of Account churn or downgrade, Increase Account satisfaction, reduce the number of escalations, Increase the number of Sonar sponsors in the Account, Establish and maintain Sonar as a Trusted Advisor in the Account, Entice Accounts to stay current on an Active version of Sonar, to get maximal value and Influence Sonar roadmap to meet Account needs.

In a nutshell, any technical activity that brings value both to the Account and to Sonar.

## What You Will Do Daily:

- Actively listen and formalize Account technical pains or other adoption inhibitors
- Work on plans to overcome customer pains and inhibitors
- Report product technical or functional gaps internally and advocate for their resolution
- Evangelize/Promote the Sonar methodology to govern continuous Code Quality and Security improvement to the customer
- Assist Sonar sponsors in the Account for the promotion/evangelization of the Sonar ecosystem
- Keep Accounts up to date on the roadmap and aware of the value present in upcoming Sonar releases, as well as collecting feedback
- Recruit customer development teams not currently using Sonar
- “Upgrade” customer development teams that do not use Sonar correctly and therefore do not receive the maximum value
- Position (favorably) the Sonar ecosystem vs other competing products potentially still used in the Account
- Educate developers and managers on the value of static code analysis in general and of the Sonar ecosystem specifically
- Make sure that the Account's Sonar technical deployment and operations are in line with the size of the deployment and the criticality of the tool in the DevOps chain
- Run Quarterly Business Reviews (QBR) with Account Sales representatives
- Execute Sonar deployment audits, identify gaps, and drive remediation plans for Accounts
- Contribute to the Account Management plans with Sales Representatives. Elaborate the Technical strategy tailored to the Account context, provide inputs on the Commercial strategy
- Keep yourself constantly up to date knowledge of the technical status of the Account, technical progress, threats, opportunities for improved maturity
- Track product development within Sonar in order to maintain product expertise

## The Experience You Will Need:

- Proven practical experience (at least 5 years) in software development or DevOps engineering which sets the stage for understanding our products and how they’re enjoyed by users
- At least 5 years of experience in pre- or post-sales customer-facing activities
- High listening skills and the ability to formalize and abstract elements expressed by customers and partners
- Excellent presentation skills with strong written and verbal communication skills
- Proven ability to work in a team, receiving and giving feedback as well as sharing knowledge
- Attention to details
- A can-do attitude: challenging the status quo, leading and contributing to key improvements and innovations
- Autonomy to run your activity/plans with limited supervision

## Benefits of Working with Sonar:

- Flexible comprehensive employee benefit package.
- We encourage usage of our robust time-off allocations. You will receive 25 days of PTO per calendar year (on a pro-rated basis depending on your employment start date), with additional time provided for sickness, life events and holidays.
- We offer an exciting 401(k) plan that has a 4% match, fully vested on day one of participation.
- Global workforce with employees in 20+ countries representing 35+ unique nationalities.
- We have an annual kick-off somewhere in the world where we meet to build relationships and goals for the company.
- Monthly catered events, and team events

## Why You Will Love It Here:

- Our culture and mission set us apart. We have a dynamic work culture that values respect and kindness and embraces the right to fail (and get right back up again!).
- Great people make a great company. We value people skills as much as technical skills and strive to keep things friendly while still being passionate leaders in our domains.
- We have a flexible work policy that includes 3 days in-office and 2 days work-from-home each week for those located near our office locations; some locations such as Dubai, India, Japan and Australia operate fully remotely.
- We have a growth mindset. We love learning and believe continuous education is critical to our success. In an ever-changing industry, new skills are necessary, and we're happy to help our team acquire them.
- As the leader in our field, our products and services are as strong as our internal team members.
- We embrace transparency with regular meetings, cascading messages and updates on the growth and success of our organization.

We Value Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion: At Sonar, we believe that our diversity is our strength. We are a global company that values and respects different backgrounds, perspectives, and cultures. We are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive work environment where everyone feels valued and empowered to contribute their best. We are proud to be an equal opportunity employer and welcome all qualified applicants, regardless of race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. All offers of employment at Sonar are contingent upon the precise results of a comprehensive background check and reference verification conducted before the start date. We do not currently support visa candidates in the US. Applications that are submitted through agencies or third party recruiters will not be considered.

**We Value Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion:**

At Sonar, we believe that our diversity is our strength. We are a global company that values and respects different backgrounds, perspectives, and cultures.

We are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive work environment where everyone feels valued and empowered to contribute their best. We are proud to be an equal opportunity employer and welcome all qualified applicants, regardless of race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status.

**All offers of employment at Sonar are contingent upon the precise results of a comprehensive background check and reference verification conducted before the start date.**

**We do not currently support visa candidates in the US.**

**Applications that are submitted through agencies or third party recruiters will not be considered.**