<div class="content-intro"><p><strong data-stringify-type="bold">Why work at Nebius<br></strong>Nebius is leading a new era in cloud computing to serve the global AI economy. We create the tools and resources our customers need to solve real-world challenges and transform industries, without massive infrastructure costs or the need to build large in-house AI/ML teams. Our employees work at the cutting edge of AI cloud infrastructure alongside some of the most experienced and innovative leaders and engineers in the field.</p>
<p><strong>Where we work<br></strong>Headquartered in Amsterdam and listed on Nasdaq, Nebius has a global footprint with R&amp;D hubs across Europe, North America, and Israel. The team of over 1400 employees includes more than 400 highly skilled engineers with deep expertise across hardware and software engineering, as well as an in-house AI R&amp;D team.</p></div><h3><strong><span data-contrast="auto">The role</span></strong><span data-ccp-props="{}">&nbsp;</span></h3>
<p><span class="TextRun SCXW223530371 BCX0" lang="EN-US" data-contrast="none"><span class="NormalTextRun SCXW223530371 BCX0">The DevRel role helps developers understand and use the company’s product. They create technical content, engage with the developer community, and bring feedback back to internal teams.</span></span><span class="EOP SCXW223530371 BCX0" data-ccp-props="{&quot;134233117&quot;:false,&quot;134233118&quot;:false,&quot;335551550&quot;:0,&quot;335551620&quot;:0,&quot;335559738&quot;:240,&quot;335559739&quot;:240}">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span data-ccp-props="{&quot;335559685&quot;:720,&quot;335559991&quot;:360}">You’re welcome to work remotely from the <strong>United States.</strong></span></p>
<p><strong><span data-ccp-props="{&quot;335559685&quot;:720,&quot;335559991&quot;:360}"><span class="TextRun MacChromeBold SCXW95146830 BCX0" lang="EN-US" data-contrast="auto"><span class="NormalTextRun SCXW95146830 BCX0" data-ccp-charstyle="Strong">Your responsibilities will include:</span></span><span class="EOP SCXW95146830 BCX0" data-ccp-props="{&quot;134233117&quot;:true,&quot;134233118&quot;:true}">&nbsp;</span></span></strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Write documentation, tutorials, and technical guides&nbsp;</li>
<li>Build sample apps and demos using the company’s product or API&nbsp;</li>
<li>Create content such as blog posts, videos, and code examples&nbsp;</li>
<li>Engage with developers through GitHub, forums, Discord, and social media&nbsp;</li>
<li>Speak at conferences, host workshops, and run webinars&nbsp;</li>
<li>Help developers troubleshoot and onboard to the product&nbsp;</li>
<li>Collect feedback from developers and share it with product and engineering teams&nbsp;</li>
<li>Support product launches with technical content and demos</li>
</ul>
<p><strong><span data-contrast="auto"><span data-ccp-charstyle="Strong">We expect you to have:</span></span><span data-ccp-props="{&quot;134233117&quot;:true,&quot;134233118&quot;:true}">&nbsp;</span></strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Software development experience (commonly JavaScript, Python, or similar)&nbsp;</li>
<li>Ability to explain technical concepts clearly&nbsp;</li>
<li>Experience writing technical content&nbsp;</li>
<li>Comfortable speaking publicly or engaging with communities&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="578"><strong data-renderer-mark="true">Key employee benefits in the US:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li data-renderer-start-pos="614"><strong data-renderer-mark="true">Health insurance:</strong>&nbsp;100% company-paid medical, dental, and vision coverage for employees and families.</li>
<li data-renderer-start-pos="718"><strong data-renderer-mark="true">401(k) plan:&nbsp;</strong>Up to 4% company match with immediate vesting.</li>
<li data-renderer-start-pos="781"><strong data-renderer-mark="true">Parental leave:</strong>&nbsp;20 weeks paid for primary caregivers, 12 weeks for secondary caregivers.</li>
<li data-renderer-start-pos="873"><strong data-renderer-mark="true">Remote work reimbursement:</strong>&nbsp;Up to $85/month for mobile and internet.</li>
<li data-renderer-start-pos="944"><strong data-renderer-mark="true">Disability &amp; life insurance</strong>: Company-paid short-term, long-term and life insurance coverage.</li>
</ul>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="1040"><strong data-renderer-mark="true">Compensation</strong></p>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="1054">We offer competitive salaries, ranging from $190k - $230k OTE based on your experience.</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>What we offer</strong>&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>Competitive salary and comprehensive benefits package.</li>
<li>Opportunities for professional growth within Nebius.</li>
<li>Flexible working arrangements.</li>
<li>A dynamic and collaborative work environment that values initiative and innovation.</li>
</ul>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">We’re growing and expanding our products every day. If you’re up to the challenge and are excited about AI and ML as much as we are, join us!</span></p></div>