<h3><strong>About Stripe</strong></h3>
<p>Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies — from the world’s largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups — use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyone’s reach while doing the most important work of your career.</p>
<h3><strong>About the team</strong></h3>
<p>MMS Integration Reliability Engineering is a globally distributed team, with team members spanning several different countries and multiple timezones. We play an important role in Stripe’s global money movement strategy. We operate with a universal charter: To reduce the barriers faced by large and emerging businesses around the world by abstracting away the complexities of payments.&nbsp;</p>
<p>We’re responsible for ensuring the day-to-day health and stability of the financial partner integrations that power Stripe’s global money movement ecosystem, existing and new. We partner closely with product and platform engineering teams and financial partners, maintaining a deep understanding of the technical and real-world challenges of Stripe’s payment stack.</p>
<h2><strong>What you’ll do</strong></h2>
<p>Integration Reliability Engineering roles in MMS are highly dynamic and are a key component to Stripe’s success. The day-to-day varies greatly, ranging from coding, to project management, to stakeholder coordination.&nbsp;</p>
<h3><strong>Responsibilities</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Become a domain expert in an area of Stripe’s payments stack</li>
<li>Handle inquiries from internal Stripes and external partners' technical teams, often requiring investigation and code changes</li>
<li>Engage with Stripe's financial partners to drive alignment on product usage, troubleshoot and solve technical problems or breakages&nbsp;</li>
<li>Organize and direct complex technical changes and projects between Stripe and our partners</li>
<li>Identify and automate inefficient or unnecessary manual processes through code changes, partner agreements, or making and coordinating more complex code changes across Stripe</li>
<li>Design future anomaly detection systems and tools to ensure that data flowing through our partner and internal systems is reliable and correct</li>
<li>Collaborate across the company, including engineering, accounting, financial partnerships and product, to trace and account for billions of dollars moving through the Stripe platform</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Who you are</strong></h2>
<p>In short, you’re curious, love investigating problems, and digging into edge cases. You know how to navigate complex systems, and have experience working cross-functionally. You’re technical – or aspire to be.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Even if you don’t meet the minimum requirements for the role, we’d love to chat.</p>
<h3><strong>Minimum Qualifications&nbsp;</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>6+ years of experience in a technical role (eg: Technical Operations, Software Engineer, etc.) or a technical user facing role (e.g. Solutions Architecture, Integration Engineer)</li>
<li>Great communication skills, both oral and written, with the ability to frame messages for both technical and non-technical audiences</li>
<li>Knowledge of and experience with global payment technologies and ecosystems</li>
<li>Ability to write high-quality code that scales effectively</li>
<li>Familiarity with developer tools (e.g. git)</li>
<li>Experience managing communications and workflows with technical and non-technical teams across internal and external stakeholders (including external financial partners)</li>
<li>Great problem-solving skills, with an ability to develop a working understanding of a technical system using a variety of methods. These include (but aren't limited to): reading/writing code, writing SQL queries, reading documentation or partner specifications, running debugging programs, reading logs, asking well-formed questions to domain experts, or digging into the raw data through various interfaces</li>
</ul>