<h2>Snapshot</h2>
<p>We are looking for an experienced Senior Manager to join our Society, Safety &amp; Responsibility Communications team on a fixed-term contract (parental leave cover) spanning May 2026 to June 2027</p>
<h2>About Us</h2>
<p>At Google DeepMind we've built a unique culture and work environment where long-term ambitious research can flourish. Our special interdisciplinary team combines the best techniques from deep learning, reinforcement learning and systems neuroscience to build powerful general-purpose learning algorithms. We have already made a number of high profile breakthroughs towards building artificial general intelligence and we have all the ingredients in place to make further significant progress over the coming years.</p>
<h2>The Role</h2>
<p>In this role, you will sit at the critical intersection of technology, media, and public policy. Your job is to translate our technical breakthroughs, national partnerships, policy positions and corporate initiatives into clear, compelling narratives that drive trust in Google DeepMind amongst key opinion formers.</p>
<p><strong>Key responsibilities:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>Strategic Narrative &amp; Advocacy</p>
<ul>
<li>Develop and execute proactive communications strategies that advance Google DeepMind’s corporate reputation and policy goals.</li>
<li>Translate complex technical concepts into accessible language for policymakers, civic society, academics and industry experts.</li>
<li>Lead communication campaigns that help ready governments and key opinion formers around the world for AI and AGI advancements, as well as highlight how our technologies are being used for public benefit in areas including science, education, safety and security.</li>
</ul>
<p>Media Relations &amp; Stakeholder Engagement</p>
<ul>
<li>Build and maintain deep relationships with top-tier policy and tech journalists primarily in the UK and US.</li>
<li>Collaborate closely with Google Communications teams around the world, sharing plans and consulting with central / local comms teams&nbsp; to develop media engagement plans that serve Google and GDM’s objectives. Ensure a unified voice on global AI policy matters.&nbsp;&nbsp;</li>
<li>Act as a trusted advisor to senior executives and policy specialists, prepare them for high-stakes interviews across broadcast and digital, speaking opportunities including high profile industry events, as well as government testimonies.</li>
<li>Manage reactive communications and crisis response for sensitive policy issues, working quickly to correct misinformation and articulate the company’s principles.</li>
</ul>
<p>Cross-Functional Collaboration</p>
<ul>
<li>Partner closely with the Public Policy, Public Engagement, Education, Legal, Safety &amp; Responsibility and Executive Communications teams to align external messaging with internal priorities, progress and corporate strategy.</li>
<li>Collaborate with Google GCPA teams.</li>
<li>Draft high-quality written materials, including op-eds, blog posts, press releases, briefing documents and social media material.</li>
</ul>
<h2>About <strong>You</strong></h2>
<p><strong>In order to set you up for success at Google DeepMind, &nbsp;we look for the following skills and experience:</strong></p>
<p>Minimum Qualifications</p>
<ul>
<li>Bachelor’s degree or equivalent practical experience.</li>
<li>8+ years of experience in corporate communications, public affairs, or media relations, with a specific focus on AI, broader technology policy, or regulated industries.</li>
<li>Proven track record of managing high-profile media relations and crisis communications in a fast-paced environment.</li>
<li>Demonstrable experience translating dense technical or regulatory information into clear, persuasive narratives.</li>
</ul>
<p>Preferred Qualifications</p>
<ul>
<li>Experience working in-house at a leading technology company, AI research lab, or within a government/regulatory body.</li>
<li>Deep understanding of the current global AI policy landscape (e.g., EU AI Act, AI Safety Summit Series, US Executive Orders).</li>
<li>Existing network of relationships with key policy and tech reporters in London, and/or Washington D.C.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Passion for the scientific mission of Google DeepMind and a nuanced understanding of the tension between innovation and safety.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><em>Note: In the event your application is successful and an offer of employment is made to you, any offer of employment will be conditional on the results of a background check, performed by a third party acting on our behalf. For more information on how we handle your data, please see our Applicant and Candidate Privacy Policy</em></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">At Google DeepMind, we value diversity of experience, knowledge, backgrounds and perspectives and harness these qualities to create extraordinary impact. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of sex, race, religion or belief, ethnic or national origin, disability, age, citizenship, marital, domestic or civil partnership status, sexual orientation, gender identity, pregnancy, or related condition (including breastfeeding) or any other basis as protected by applicable law. If you have a disability or additional need that requires accommodation, please do not hesitate to let us know.</span></p>
<h4>&nbsp;</h4>