<p>
  <strong>Headquarters:</strong> Tel Aviv-Jaffa, Tel Aviv District, IL
</p>

Description: <p>Upwind is a next-generation Cloud Security Platform that leverages runtime context to identify and prioritize critical risks, providing precise insights and efficient cloud security management. Unlike traditional tools, Upwind uses runtime data proactively for risk prioritization and posture insights, ensuring teams focus on what truly matters. With industry-leading efficiency and eBPF-powered sensors, Upwind delivers comprehensive capabilities, including agentless cloud posture discovery, real-time threat protection, and integrated API security. From misconfigurations to malware defense, Upwind ensures end-to-end, cost-effective cloud infrastructure protection. At Upwind, you’ll have the opportunity to think creatively, explore new ideas, and use your skills to make a meaningful impact on our growth.</p><p><br></p><p>We are looking for an experienced Product Manager to join our product team at Upwind, the runtime-powered CNAPP that revolutionizes cloud infrastructure security.&nbsp;As a Product Manager, you will have a pivotal role in steering the strategic direction of our product, contributing to the ongoing success of our mission to redefine cloud security. If you are a forward-thinking Product Manager ready to make an impact in a fast-paced and innovative environment, we invite you to be a key player in our dynamic team.</p><p><br></p><p><strong>Responsibilities&nbsp;</strong></p><ul><li>Leading, defining, and building features, capabilities, and domains within Upwind's product.</li><li>Engaging with customers and the sales team on strategic accounts, providing strong technical leadership.</li><li>Collaborating closely with our talented R&amp;D teams to build impactful features.</li><li>Taking ownership of all product aspects from design through development and rollout.</li><li>Collaborating with Product Marketing, Customer Success, and Sales to deliver an exceptional Upwind experience to our customers.</li></ul><br><br>Requirements: <ul><li>A Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in Computer Science/EE or equivalent.</li><li>Experience in cloud infrastructure (AWS, Azure, or GCP) and Kubernetes.</li><li>Minimum of 5 years of experience as a Product Manager.</li><li>Minimum of 3 years of experience in cybersecurity.</li><li>Strong English skills, both written and spoken.</li></ul>

<p><strong>To apply:</strong> <a href="https://weworkremotely.com/remote-jobs/upwind-security-product-manager">https://weworkremotely.com/remote-jobs/upwind-security-product-manager</a></p>