<div class="content-intro"><p>Celonis is the global leader in Process Intelligence and the pioneer of Process Mining technology. As one of the world’s fastest-growing enterprise SaaS companies, we are changemakers pushing the boundaries of what’s possible. We invest heavily in advanced AI capabilities—specifically our Process Intelligence Graph—to turn data insights into immediate business action. We believe there is a massive opportunity to unlock global productivity and sustainability by placing intelligence at the core of every business process. Join our mission to make processes work for people, companies, and the planet.</p></div><p><strong>The Role:</strong></p>
<p>As a Senior Solutions Architect specializing in containerized solutions, you will play a crucial, pioneering role in this new initiative. Your primary focus will be leading the deployment of these solutions within our customer environments.</p>
<p>Solutions Architects are vital members of our project teams, often serving as the initial technical point of contact for our customers and key technical stakeholders for a successful deployment of Celonis. To ensure our customers achieve value, you will drive the technical setup required to leverage the full range of Celonis features and functionalities, including process mining, execution management, process automation, Action Flow, and task mining.</p>
<p>Given the unique nature of every customer environment, you will be the key liaison for translating the customer's technical requirements to ensure successful deployment on the clients infrastructure and successful integrations with their source systems. Furthermore, you will lead discussions on user management and authentication, acting as a technical partner to remove any technical barriers to user adoption.</p>
<p><strong>The work you’ll do:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>On Celonis side you are the key technical stakeholder for a successful technical delivery and onboarding of Celonis for enterprise clients.</li>
<li>Lead technical discussions to analyze customer architecture, recommend optimal solutions, and facilitate deployment, managing expectations amidst technical constraints.</li>
<li>Remove technical obstacles to maximize Celonis user adoption, clarifying technical risks and necessary tradeoffs.</li>
<li>Promote reusability by choosing between dedicated customer solutions and broader platform enhancements in collaboration with Celonis product development.</li>
<li>Establish real-time data integrations between customer systems and Celonis via APIs and internal tools.</li>
<li>Guide customers on authentication, user/group management, and provisioning best practices. Thus, removing all technical barriers to drive user adoption of Celonis.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>The qualifications you need:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Proven experience of 3+ years deploying and managing containerized applications on Kubernetes.&nbsp; Advanced knowledge with at least one specific Kubernetes distribution (Amazon EKS, Azure AKS, RedHat OpenShift, etc.).</li>
<li style="font-weight: bold;"><strong>Eligibility for UK Security Check (SC) clearance is required; existing clearance is a strong advantage.</strong></li>
<li>Very good understanding of best practices in deploying, scaling, and maintaining highly available, secure and resilient containerized applications on Kubernetes, ensuring efficient resource utilization and operational stability.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Proven experience implementing infrastructure as code (IaC, e.g. with Terraform) is required; Helm or Kustomize experience is strongly preferred. Fluency with additional tools such as ArgoCD, Jenkins, GitHub Actions, Ansible, etc., is a plus.</li>
<li>Experience with at least one of the major cloud platforms (AWS, Azure, GCP) would be a plus.</li>
<li>Experience &amp; interest in working with modern tech stack &amp; methods like REST/SOAP API-Management, Data Ingestion &amp; Streaming (Kafka or similar), SSO, LDAP, IT Security, Agile, etc.</li>
<li>Experience in industry with experience to work on Python, SQL, data pipelines &amp; ETL processes for large volumes of data is a plus.</li>
<li>Knowledgeable about security and compliance topics for enterprise applications.Solid experience with project management, outstanding customer-centric &amp; proven experience working with customers.</li>
<li>A solution-oriented professional that enjoys deep technical discussions as much as transferring your technical knowledge into understandable terms to a broader audience</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>What Celonis can offer you:</strong></p>
<ul class="p-rich\_text\_list p-rich\_text\_list\_\_bullet p-rich\_text\_list--nested" data-stringify-type="unordered-list" data-list-tree="true" data-indent="0" data-border="0">
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Pioneer Innovation:</span> Work with the global leader in Process Mining and the Process Intelligence Graph to shape the future of AI-driven business operations.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Ownership from Day 1:</span> Every full-time "Celonaut" is an owner, receiving Restricted Stock Units (RSUs) and merit-based refresh grants.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Unrivaled Family Support:</span> Benefit from our inclusive parental leave policy—24 weeks of fully paid leave for primary carers and 12 weeks for supporting carers, available from your first day of employment.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Work-Life Integration:</span> Enjoy Unlimited PTO (in applicable regions) and generous PTO globally, as well as a flexible hybrid work model that balances remote focus with vibrant office collaboration.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Continuous Growth:</span> Elevate your skills through our 70-20-10 learning framework, mentorship programs, and access to a dedicated learning platform.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Holistic Well-being:</span> Prioritize your health with subsidized Wellhub memberships, mental health counseling, and dedicated "Wellness Weeks" that prioritize work/life balance.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Drive Sustainability:</span> Participate in annual Impact Days, where you receive paid time off to volunteer for community and environmental causes with your local office, or virtually.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Global Inclusion &amp; Belonging:</span> Find community through our Inclusion Think Tank and participate in our annual Inclusion Days, ensuring every voice is heard and valued.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Value-Driven Impact:</span> Join a mission-led organization where our core values—Live for Customer Value, The Best Team Wins, We Own It, and Earth Is Our Future—drive every decision.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>About Us:</strong></p>
<p>Celonis makes processes work — for people, companies, and the planet. Powered by process mining and AI, the Celonis Process Intelligence Platform integrates process data and business context to create a living digital twin of business operations. We enable thousands of companies worldwide to understand how their business actually runs and, together with their partners, build intelligent solutions that transform and continuously improve the way they operate — unlocking billions in value. Celonis is headquartered in Munich, Germany, and New York City, USA, with more than 20 offices worldwide.</p>
<p><br>Get familiar with the Celonis Process Intelligence Platform by watching this <a href="https://academy.celonis.com/learn/video/discover-the-ems">video</a>.</p>
<p><strong>Celonis Inclusion Statement:</strong></p>
<p>At Celonis, we believe our people make us who we are and that “The Best Team Wins”. We know that the best teams are made up of people who bring different perspectives to the table. And when everyone feels included, able to speak up and knows their voice is heard - that's when creativity and innovation happen.<strong><br></strong></p>
<p><strong>Your Privacy:</strong></p>
<p>Any information you submit to Celonis as part of your application will be processed in accordance with Celonis’ <a href="https://www.celonis.com/careers/candidate-notices">Accessibility and Candidate Notices</a></p>
<p>By submitting this application, you confirm that you agree to the storing and processing of your personal data by Celonis as described in our <a href="https://www.celonis.com/careers/privacy-notice/">Privacy Notice for the Application and Hiring Process</a>.</p>
<p>Please be aware of common job offer scams, impersonators and frauds. Learn more <a href="https://www.celonis.com/careers/fraud-alert/">here</a>.</p></div>