<p><strong>This is Adyen</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Adyen provides payments, data, and financial products in a single solution for customers like Meta, Uber, H&amp;M, and Microsoft - making us the financial technology platform of choice. At Adyen, everything we do is engineered for ambition.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">For our teams, we create an environment with opportunities for our people to succeed, backed by the culture and support to ensure they are enabled to truly own their careers. We are motivated individuals who tackle unique technical challenges at scale and solve them as a team. Together, we deliver innovative and ethical solutions that help businesses achieve their ambitions faster.</span></p>
<p>This is an exciting opportunity to be a part of the Sales team in Singapore. As an SDR, you will have the opportunity to accelerate your career by working with multiple business units in a globally recognized fintech organization. You serve as the conduit between the marketing and sales functions through managing inbound lead qualification and driving outbound lead generation. This role is extremely diverse requiring strong interpersonal skills, a self-starter mentality, an inquisitive and analytical mindset, project management skills and team work spirit.</p>
<p><strong>What you’ll do</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Strategically target high-potential accounts by leveraging signal-driven insights and commercial strategy</li>
<li>Design and support campaigns that align to buyer needs, market trends, and strategic priorities, in tight partnership with Sales, Marketing &amp; Partnerships&nbsp;</li>
<li>Execute multi-channel, creative prospecting with highly tailored messaging that aligns with the merchant's challenges and business level priorities</li>
<li>Collaborate closely with the commercial engine to shape strategic account plans and continuously refine outreach based on feedback and learnings</li>
<li>Leverage tools and AI-enabled workflows to optimize your prospecting and uncover insights that uncover and initiate early stage opportunities</li>
<li>Identify new business opportunities at industry events by facilitating targeted in-person prospect engagement</li>
<li>Qualify inbound leads in SEA and HK, leveraging Adyen’s global frameworks and ways of working;</li>
<li>Commit to continuous learning on the payments sector and Adyen product offerings.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Who you are</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>1+ years of experience with inbound and outbound sales, preferably in a business development role where you have successfully sold complex B2B products;</li>
<li>Born hunter and networker who will find their way in;</li>
<li>Sales Acumen: You understand qualification and the mechanics of an enterprise deal—this is not a handoff role</li>
<li>Resilience: You stay focused through ambiguity and rejection—long-cycle enterprise sales excite you;</li>
<li>A strong team player who thrives in working in close collaboration with other teams, where you play an integral part in the teams’ success</li>
<li>Demonstrated ability to work independently as well as being a productive team member, following up on inbounds and making outbound calls every day - you do not wait to be told what to do;</li>
<li>Have a proven work ethic with a strong drive to learn and make new connections with prospects;</li>
<li>Experience using Salesforce, LinkedIn Sales Navigator, ZoomInfo, and other similar prospecting applications while keeping track of your pipeline.</li>
<li>You can articulate value, and are comfortable speaking to senior level prospects.</li>
<li>Excellent written and verbal communication skills in English and preferably Mandarin or Cantonese as well</li>
<li>Written and verbal communication skills in other Asian languages are a big plus.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Our Diversity, Equity and Inclusion commitments&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Our unique approach is a product of our diverse perspectives. This diversity of backgrounds and cultures is essential in helping us maintain our momentum. Our business and technical challenges are unique, and we need as many different voices as possible to join us in solving them - voices like yours. No matter who you are or where you’re from, we welcome you to be your true self at Adyen.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Studies show that women and members of underrepresented communities apply for jobs only if they meet 100% of the qualifications. Does this sound like you? If so, Adyen encourages you to reconsider and apply. We look forward to your application!</span></p>
<p><strong>What’s next?</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Ensuring a smooth and enjoyable candidate experience is critical for us. We aim to get back to you regarding your application within 5 business days. Our interview process tends to take about 4 weeks to complete, but may fluctuate depending on the role. </span><a href="https://careers.adyen.com/how-we-hire"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Learn more about our hiring process here</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">. Don’t be afraid to let us know if you need more flexibility.</span></p>
<p>This role is based out of our Singapore office. We are an office-first company and value in-person collaboration; we do not offer remote-only roles.</p>