<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">As an Enterprise Sales Engineer, you will provide technical expertise through sales presentations, product demonstrations, and supporting technical evaluations (POVs). Sales Engineers help qualify and close opportunities with customers and partners and have a voice with the product team to help prioritize features based on input from customers, competitors, and partners.</span></p>
<p><em><span style="font-weight: 400;">At Datadog, we place value in our office culture - the relationships and collaboration it builds and the creativity it brings to the table. We operate as a hybrid workplace to ensure our Datadogs can create a work-life harmony that best fits them.</span></em></p>
<p><strong>What You’ll Do:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Partner with the Sales team to articulate the overall Datadog value proposition, vision and strategy to customers</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Own technical engagement with customers during the trial phase. Communicate Datadog’s value based on activities and work with customers on any identified issues or concerns to successful conclusion</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Technically close complex opportunities through advanced competitive knowledge, technical skill, and credibility</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Deliver product and technical briefings / presentations to potential clients</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Maintain accurate notes and feedback in CRM regarding customer input both wins and losses</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Proactively engage and communicate with customers and Datadog business/technical teams regarding product feedback and competitive landscape</span></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Who You Are:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Passionate about educating customers on observability risks that are meaningful to their business, and able to build and execute an evaluation plan with a customer</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Someone with strong written and oral communication skills. This role requires an ability to understand and articulate both the business benefits (value proposition) and technical advantages of our offering</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Experienced in programming/scripting with any of the following: Java, Python, Ruby, Go, Node.JS, PHP, and .NET etc.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Someone with a minimum of 3+ years in a Sales Engineering or DevOps Engineering role</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Able to sit up to 4 hours, traveling to and from client sites&nbsp;</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Able to travel via auto, train or air up to 45% of the time</span></li>
</ul>
<p><em><span style="font-weight: 400;">Datadog values people from all walks of life. We understand not everyone will meet all the above qualifications on day one. That's okay. If you’re passionate about technology and want to grow your skills, we encourage you to apply.</span></em></p>
<p><strong>Benefits and Growth:</strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">&nbsp;</span></p>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Best-in-breed onboarding</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Generous global benefits</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Intra-departmental mentor and buddy program for in-house networking</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">New hire stock equity (RSUs) and employee stock purchase plan (ESPP)</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Continuous professional development, product training, and career pathing</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">An inclusive company culture, able to join our Community Guilds and Inclusion Talks</span></li>
</ul>
<p><em><span style="font-weight: 400;">Benefits and Growth listed above may vary based on the country of your employment and the nature of your employment with Datadog.</span></em></p>
<p style="color: white;">#LI-Remote</p><div class="content-conclusion"><hr>
<p><strong>About Datadog:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>Datadog (NASDAQ: DDOG) is a global SaaS business, delivering a rare combination of growth and profitability. We are on a mission to break down silos and solve complexity in the cloud age by enabling digital transformation, cloud migration, and infrastructure monitoring of our customers’ entire technology stacks. Built by engineers, for engineers, Datadog is used by organizations of all sizes across a wide range of industries. Together, we champion professional development, diversity of thought, innovation, and work excellence to empower continuous growth. Join the pack and become part of a collaborative, pragmatic, and thoughtful people-first community where we solve tough problems, take smart risks, and celebrate one another. Learn more about #DatadogLife on <a href="https://www.instagram.com/datadoghq/?hl=en" target="\_blank">Instagram</a>, <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/company/datadog" target="\_blank">LinkedIn,</a> and <a href="https://learn.datadoghq.com/" target="\_blank">Datadog Learning Center. </a></p>
<hr>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="215"><strong data-renderer-mark="true">Equal Opportunity at Datadog:</strong></p>
<p>Datadog is proud to offer <a href="https://www.eeoc.gov/sites/default/files/2023-06/22-088\_EEOC\_KnowYourRights6.12ScreenRdr.pdf" target="\_blank">equal employment opportunity</a> to everyone regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity, veteran status, and other characteristics protected by law. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. Here are our <a href="https://www.datadoghq.com/legal/candidate-legal-notices/" target="\_blank">Candidate Legal Notices</a> for your reference.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Datadog endeavors to make our Careers Page accessible to all users. If you would like to contact us regarding the accessibility of our website or need assistance completing the application process, please complete <a href="https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSeoJeduEZ2NdZF\_65uZmWUrCM-zee7yADXX1s6Xr9zAGq8iKA/viewform" target="\_blank">this form</a>. This form is for accommodation requests only and cannot be used to inquire about the status of applications.&nbsp;</p>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="662"><strong data-renderer-mark="true">Privacy and AI Guidelines:</strong></p>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="662">Any information you submit to Datadog as part of your application will be processed in accordance with Datadog’s&nbsp;<a class="c-link" href="https://www.datadoghq.com/legal/applicant-candidate-privacy/" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://www.datadoghq.com/legal/applicant-candidate-privacy/" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">Applicant and Candidate Privacy Notice</a>. For information on our AI policy, please visit <a href="https://www.datadoghq.com/legal/interviewing-at-datadog-ai-guidelines/" target="\_blank">Interviewing at Datadog AI Guidelines</a>.</p></div>