<p><strong><em>Note: </em></strong><em>if you are an intern or new grad, please do not apply using this link and visit our </em><a href="https://stripe.com/jobs/search"><em>jobs page</em></a><em> for those specific postings.</em></p>
<h2><strong>Who we are</strong></h2>
<h3><strong>About Stripe</strong></h3>
<p>Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies - from the world’s largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups - use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyone's reach while doing the most important work of your career.</p>
<h3><strong>About the Organization&nbsp;</strong></h3>
<p><em><strong>Developer Experience and Product Platform (DEeP)</strong> Sub-orgs within DEeP: Merchant Experience, Developer Platform, Organizations and Auth Platform (OAP), Growth Platform</em></p>
<p>Stripe’s DEeP organization empowers all of Stripe's products with a shared product platform that helps with rapidly delivering high-quality, cross-product experiences across our UI and API surfaces. It focuses on providing a consistent and scalable developer experience that any developer (both internal and external) can leverage to accelerate a merchant’s ability to create value using Stripe.</p>
<p><strong>Team Matching:</strong> exact team matching for one of the subteams will begin during final stages.<em> Please note we may also consider you for different orgs based on your experience, location, etc. </em>More information on our team matching process can be found <a href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/1zvJkO2c7GzukHG-\_oqc5wbOLajpuh5FjbmZPcZPU1o0/edit?tab=t.0#heading=h.ahb3b6nrktv1">here</a>.&nbsp;</p>
<h2><strong>What you’ll do</strong></h2>
<p>We’re looking for Full Stack engineers who are interested in building software services and platforms that impact thousands of employees and millions of Stripe users, regardless of whether they’re an end user, developer, or partner.</p>
<h3><strong>Responsibilities</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Ensure our platforms are reliable, scalable, secure, and extensible</li>
<li>Shape future-proof interfaces that are easy to build with</li>
<li>Make effective tradeoffs that consider business priorities, user experience, and a sustainable technical foundation</li>
<li>Help drive sound technical decision making and lead technical conversations with other teams across Stripe</li>
<li>Debug production issues across services and various levels of the tech stack</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Who you are</strong></h2>
<p>We're looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.</p>
<h3><strong>Minimum requirements</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>2-12+ years of industry software engineering experience (does not include internships nor includes co-ops)</li>
<li>Strong coding skills in any programming language <em>(we understand new languages can be learned on the job so our interview process is language agnostic)</em></li>
<li>Strong collaboration skills, can work across workstreams within your team and contribute to your peers’ success</li>
<li>Have the ability to thrive on a high level of autonomy, responsibility, and think of yourself as entrepreneurial</li>
<li>Interest in working as a generalist across varying technologies and stacks to solve problems and delight both internal and external users</li>
</ul>