Mayflower is a technology company that alters the entertainment industry to a new level of perception and engagement.

We are building the future of live entertainment. We believe that by providing people with the best and high-quality live streaming experience in entertainment, we can tackle the world’s “problems” better, together!

We are looking for a Head of Office Management who will join our team in Limassol office.

#### **Job Responsibilities**

* Develop and lead the workplace strategy in line with company goals. Translate strategy into executable plans, internal roadmaps, programs, and initiatives.
* Lead, support, and develop the office management teams — Office Experience and Office Facilities — setting clear goals and fostering a culture of accountability, collaboration, and results.
* Work closely with key stakeholders in HR, Legal, Finance, and IT to ensure seamless operations and effective collaboration.
* Optimize office management processes and efficiency based on data, metrics, and other insights.
* Design and drive workplace initiatives that improve the employee experience, well-being, and overall satisfaction.
* Lead major workplace projects, including the construction, design, and launch of new offices and the company’s future campus.
* Own and manage the workplace budget, ensuring cost efficiency.
* Build and maintain strategic vendor relationships, including contract negotiation and ongoing performance oversight.
* Promote ergonomic and sustainable workplace practices.