<p><strong>About the role</strong></p>
<p>As a<strong>&nbsp;Hardware Engineer</strong> at SumUp, you’ll play a key role in the early-stage development of our physical products. Working within the Hardware Tribe, you’ll be responsible for translating product specifications into efficient, scalable electrical designs. In your daily work, you will design, review schematics and debug existing implementations. You will collaborate with mechanical engineers and other stakeholders to ensure quality, cost-effectiveness, and timely delivery. Your expertise will help accelerate product development and reduce risks in our growing portfolio.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>The role is based on-site in our office in Berlin. We believe in the power of face-to-face conversations that happen organically when working next to one another.</strong></p>
<p><strong>What you’ll do:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Design, review, and improve electrical schematics for new product development&nbsp;</li>
<li>Collaborate with our firmware and mechanical engineers to design, test and validate our products</li>
<li>Debug and validate designs through prototyping and iterative testing</li>
<li>Brainstorm as part of our passionate Hardware team to solve difficult problems and suggest design improvements</li>
<li>Act as an expert in the field of hardware engineering and coordinate the implementation in collaboration with agile, cross-functional teams within the framework of product development projects</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>You'll be great for this position if:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>3-5 years of experience in electrical engineering, ideally in consumer electronics or hardware product development</li>
<li>Strong competence in at least a few of the following areas: RF (cellular, NFC, Wi-Fi/BT), power design, digital buses/protocols, battery technology, analog design</li>
<li>Proven experience bringing multiple hardware products to mass production</li>
<li>Proficiency in at least one mainstream CAD system (e.g., Altium, Cadence/Allegro)</li>
<li>Strong initiative, autonomy, and willingness to collaborate with cross-functional teams</li>
</ul>
<p>Nice to have:&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>Bachelor’s degree in Electrical Engineering (Master’s preferred)</li>
<li>Basic coding skills for simple firmware compilation and validation&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Why you should join SumUp</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>The opportunity to work on large-scale fintech products used by millions of small businesses around the world</li>
<li>A dedicated annual Learning &amp; Development budget for attending conferences and/or advancing your career through further education</li>
<li>Enrollment onto our virtual stock ownership program - you will own a stake in SumUp’s future success</li>
<li>A corporate pension scheme&nbsp;</li>
<li>28 days’ paid leave + day off on your Birthday&nbsp;</li>
<li>You’ll attend global offsites and/or hackathons</li>
<li>You'd enjoy other great benefits such as Urban Sports Club subsidy, Kita placement assistance, subsidized office lunches and other location-tailored benefits, Babbel language platform subscription and many more!</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>About the team</strong></p>
<p>You have probably used our <a href="https://www.sumup.com/en-gb/card-readers/?gh\_jid=7918277002">card readers</a> to buy a cappuccino or pay your hairdresser already. In Hardware, we are passionate about creating these beautifully designed card payment devices and accessories that enable our merchants to start, run, and grow their own businesses. In doing so, we deal with a diverse range of engineering topics - industrial and electronic design, embedded systems, all the way to mobile apps and backend services.</p>
<p>We believe in open communication and constant learning over strict rules. If you're looking for the chance to innovate and help millions of small independent merchants succeed - join us!</p>
<p>Curious to know how it feels working in the Hardware team? Check <a href="https://medium.com/inside-sumup/how-does-it-feel-to-work-in-the-hardware-tribe-8c3fa669205d">this</a> out!</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>Job Application Tip</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We recognise that candidates feel they need to meet 100% of the job criteria in order to apply for a job. Please note that this is only a guide. If you don’t tick every box, it’s ok too because it means you have room to learn and develop your career at SumUp.</span></p></div>