<h2><span style="font-weight: 400;">Job Description</span></h2>
<p>Canonical is a leading provider of open source software and operating systems to the global enterprise and technology markets. Our platform, Ubuntu, is very widely used in breakthrough enterprise initiatives such as public cloud, data science, AI, engineering innovation and IoT. Our customers include the world's leading public cloud and silicon providers, and industry leaders in many sectors. The company is a pioneer of global distributed collaboration, with 1000+ colleagues in 70+ countries and very few office based roles. Teams meet two to four times yearly in person, in interesting locations around the world, to align on strategy and execution.</p>
<p>The company is founder led, profitable and growing.</p>
<p>We are hiring an <strong>Embedded Linux Field Engineer for Devices/IoT </strong>to expand our reach in mission-critical industries such as Automotive, Medical Devices, Industrial Systems, Robotics, and Telco, as well as Consumer Electronics. We are looking for candidates who are accomplished Linux plumbers. If you are someone passionate about Linux, who knows the plumbing of the OS inside and out, who is proficient with distribution packaging, software design, system debugging, and bringing customer's ideas to life, then please keep on reading - this may be a uniquely exciting opportunity for you.</p>
<p>The server edition of Ubuntu is already very widely used in connected devices and industrial PC's. Our edition of Ubuntu tailored for IoT, called Ubuntu Core, represents the state of the art in security and resilience for high end appliances and equipment. Our customers include global brands in consumer and industrial electronics as well as automotive and robotics. We continue to expand our range of offerings to bring our security, management and developer experience to the smallest Linux environments and devices. We recently added a real-time Linux capability and are working towards a range of certifications for these offerings. Together, this portfolio is Linux reinvented for optimal reliability, security, developer productivity and footprint.</p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This career opportunity requires a unique blend of skills. Successful candidates will know Linux well and be proficient coders and scripters. They will have experience of low-level Linux boot, BIOS, EFI, Secure Boot, firmware, OS Distribution packaging and generally speaking embedded software development methodologies. They also enjoy the pace of change and diversity of client engagements with driven and ambitious technology entrepreneurs. Competitive, business-focused technologists at heart, they are also dedicated team players that take pride in team and company wins.</span></p>
<p>We often say that our field engineers have 'the hardest job at Canonical' because customers can ask about any aspect of our solutions and products and expect a thoughtful, well-informed answer. We always want to do the best thing for our partners and customers, regardless of our company interests, and field engineers are the people we trust to ensure that is true.</p>
<h2><span style="font-weight: 400;">What your day will look like</span></h2>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Engage customers during presales to gather requirements and explain our technology</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Elaborate solutions to be proposed to prospective clients</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Participate to the delivery of select projects related to Embedded Linux</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Convey market requirements to key stakeholders in our organization, and sometimes participate to the development or refining of generic solutions to unlock market potential</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Be both a customer advocate and a trusted advisor to Canonical</span></li>
</ul>
<h2><span style="font-weight: 400;">What we are looking for in you</span></h2>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Bachelors degree in Computer Science or related technical field</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Extensive Linux experience - Debian or Ubuntu preferred</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Distribution / Packaging experience (deb, rpm, ...)</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Solid embedded Linux experience (Yocto, Buildroot...)</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Fluency in at least one of Golang, Python, C, C++, or Rust</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Professional written and spoken English in addition to the local language</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Excellent communication and presentation skills</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Result-oriented, ability to multi-task</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">A personal drive to meet commitments</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">An humble learner and quick study</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Albeit many projects can be done remotely, the successful candidate will be willing to&nbsp; travel up to 30% of the time for customer meetings, company events, and conferences</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><strong>For positions in Japan and Korea, the successful candidates will also be able to speak and write the local language at a professional level.</strong></li>
</ul>
<h2><span style="font-weight: 400;">Additional skills that you might also bring</span></h2>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Experience with customer engagements a plus, but not a requirement</span></li>
</ul>
<h2>What we offer colleagues</h2>
<p>We consider geographical location, experience, and performance in shaping compensation worldwide. We revisit compensation annually (and more often for graduates and associates) to ensure we recognise outstanding performance. In addition to base pay, we offer a performance-driven annual bonus or commission. We provide all team members with additional benefits, which reflect our values and ideals. We balance our programs to meet local needs and ensure fairness globally.</p>
<ul>
<li>Distributed work environment with twice-yearly team sprints in person</li>
<li>Personal learning and development budget of USD 2,000 per year</li>
<li>Annual compensation review</li>
<li>Recognition rewards</li>
<li>Annual holiday leave</li>
<li>Maternity and paternity leave</li>
<li>Employee Assistance Programme</li>
<li>Opportunity to travel to new locations to meet colleagues</li>
<li>Priority Pass, and travel upgrades for long haul company events</li>
</ul>
<h3>About Canonical</h3>
<p>Canonical is a pioneering tech firm at the forefront of the global move to open source. As the company that publishes Ubuntu, one of the most important open source projects and the platform for AI, IoT and the cloud, we are changing the world of software. We recruit on a global basis and set a very high standard for people joining the company. We expect excellence - in order to succeed, we need to be the best at what we do. Most colleagues at Canonical have worked from home since its inception in 2004.​ Working here is a step into the future, and will challenge you to think differently, work smarter, learn new skills, and raise your game.</p>
<p><strong>Canonical is an equal opportunity employer</strong></p>
<p>We are proud to foster a workplace free from discrimination. Diversity of experience, perspectives, and background create a better work environment and better products. <a href="https://canonical.com/careers/diversity/identity">Whatever your identity, we will give your application fair consideration.</a></p>
<p>#LI-remote</p>