<p data-pos="0">Would you like to get hands-on experience with the latest technologies and gain insight into industry-changing software development tools? Are you keen to diversify your skill set and expand your professional network? Join our team and become a JetBrains Campus Ambassador!</p>
<p data-pos="275">At JetBrains, code is our passion. Ever since we started back in 2000, we have strived to make the strongest, most effective developer tools on earth. By automating routine checks and corrections, our tools speed up production, freeing developers to grow, discover, and create.</p>
<p data-pos="554">We are looking for a passionate leader to help us&nbsp;<strong data-pos="606">raise awareness about JetBrains tools and internship opportunities on campus</strong>.</p>
<p data-pos="687">If you are pursuing an undergraduate or graduate university degree and are familiar with JetBrains software development tools, such as IntelliJ IDEA, PyCharm, CLion, and others, this might be an exciting opportunity for you. In this role, you’ll be able to share your experience of JetBrains products with your peers and help us spread the word that JetBrains provides tools to students for free and offers a number of internship opportunities in Europe.</p>
<hr data-pos="1146">
<p data-pos="1148"><strong data-pos="1150">In this role you will:</strong></p>
<ul data-pos="1176">
<li data-pos="1176">Conduct student meetups, workshops, and Q&amp;A sessions, and give presentations on cool technologies that highlight JetBrains tools.</li>
<li data-pos="1308">Promote internship opportunities and organize the presentation of internship projects.</li>
<li data-pos="1397">Coordinate JetBrains’ participation in campus career events, hackathons, etc.</li>
<li data-pos="1477">Set up a student club and mentor peers regarding the use of JetBrains tools.</li>
<li data-pos="1556">Collaborate with fellow JetBrains campus ambassadors.</li>
</ul>
<hr data-pos="1616">
<p data-pos="1618"><strong data-pos="1620">We expect that you:</strong></p>
<ul data-pos="1643">
<li data-pos="1643">Are currently enrolled in Computer Science or a related technical field, with a background in software development.</li>
<li data-pos="1761">Are familiar with and have a passion for JetBrains tools, and are eager to share that passion with others.</li>
<li data-pos="1870">Have excellent communication and public speaking skills.</li>
<li data-pos="1929">Experience planning events or leading a team would be a plus.</li>
</ul>
<hr data-pos="1997">
<p data-pos="1999"><strong data-pos="2001">With this position, you will gain:</strong></p>
<ul data-pos="2039">
<li data-pos="2039">An opportunity to develop your technical, leadership, and communication skills.</li>
<li data-pos="2121">Access to a network of product and technology experts from JetBrains who can mentor you and share their expertise.</li>
<li data-pos="2238">Priority when choosing an internship position at JetBrains.</li>
<li data-pos="2300">Dedicated support from JetBrains to help you educate and expand your community (for example, exclusive swag, financial support, and the promotion of your events via JetBrains channels).</li>
</ul>
<hr data-pos="2492">
<p data-pos="2494">This is a part-time position based at the university campus.</p>
<p data-pos="2494"><span style="color: rgb(255, 255, 255);">#LI-DNI</span></p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>We are an equal opportunity employer</strong><br><br>We know great ideas can come from anyone, anywhere. That’s why we do our best to create an open and inclusive workplace – one that welcomes everyone regardless of their background, identity, religion, age, accessibility needs, or orientation.</p>
<p><em data-stringify-type="italic">We process the data provided in your job application in accordance with the <a href="https://www.jetbrains.com/legal/docs/privacy/privacy-recruitment/">Recruitment Privacy Policy.</a></em></p></div>