<div class="content-intro"><p><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif; font-size: 12pt;">Airbnb was born in 2007 when two hosts welcomed three guests to their San Francisco home, and has since grown to over 5 million hosts who have welcomed over 2 billion guest arrivals in almost every country across the globe. Every day, hosts offer unique stays and experiences that make it possible for guests to connect with communities in a more authentic way.</span></p></div><p><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; color: #000000;"><strong>The Community You Will Join: </strong></span></p>
<p>The Unified Data Store (UDS) team is on a mission to build a reliable, scalable, and globally distributed system-of-record storage platform for Airbnb. We design, build, and operate the infrastructure that powers all critical Airbnb data, including user, listing, reservation, and financial data.</p>
<p>Supporting over 150 million users and hosts worldwide, our work delivers a world-class user and developer experience grounded in exceptional reliability, scalability, efficiency, and security. As a member of this team, you’ll collaborate with top-tier engineers to build and evolve a modern distributed infrastructure service.</p>
<p>You will be the expert on data storage systems, high performance infrastructure service APIs, as well as provide guidance to Airbnb product teams on the effective use of technologies in large scale systems and performance optimization.</p>
<p><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; color: #000000;"><strong>The Difference You Will Make:</strong></span></p>
<p>We’re looking to hire Engineers or Senior Engineers who are hands-on and excited to tackle broad technical challenges in the following areas:</p>
<p><strong>UDS Client Stack</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Design, build, and operate a high-performance, highly available, and scalable data access layer that provides a seamless and unified interface for accessing online product data. You’ll abstract away the underlying complexity, such as storage, indexing, replication, security, and lifecycle management, so product developers can move faster with confidence.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Tooling, Automation and Developer Experience</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Empower engineers across Airbnb by simplifying how they work with data. You’ll build tools and automation to define, test, and deploy data schemas, as well as solutions to monitor, migrate, and debug production data systems, ultimately improving developer productivity and system reliability.</li>
</ul>
<p><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; color: #000000;"><strong>Your Expertise:</strong></span></p>
<ul>
<li>3-5 years of relevant industry experience</li>
<li>Hands-on experience in building and operating distributed systems</li>
<li>Good understanding of systems and infrastructure fundamentals</li>
<li>Ability to own and dive deeply in a complex code base</li>
<li>Commitment for writing clean, readable, testable, maintainable code</li>
<li>Excellent collaboration and communication skills in a remote-working environment</li>
<li>Interest in leveraging cutting-edge technologies, including AI, to build innovative solutions</li>
<li>Professional English fluency is required</li>
</ul>
<p><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; color: #000000;"><strong>Our Commitment To Inclusion &amp; Belonging:</strong></span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400; font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; color: #000000;">Airbnb is committed to working with the broadest talent pool possible. We believe diverse ideas foster innovation and engagement, and allow us to attract creatively-led people, and to develop the best products, services and solutions. All qualified individuals are encouraged to apply.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; color: #000000;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">We strive to also provide a disability inclusive application and interview process. If you are a candidate with a disability and require reasonable accommodation in order to submit an application, please contact us at: </span><a style="color: #000000;" href="mailto:reasonableaccommodations@airbnb.com"><span style="font-weight: 400;">reasonableaccommodations@airbnb.com</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">. Please include your full name, the role you’re applying for and the accommodation necessary to assist you with the recruiting process.&nbsp;</span></span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400; font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; color: #000000;">We ask that you only reach out to us if you are a candidate whose disability prevents you from being able to complete our online application.</span></p>