# **About the team**

Would you like to be part of creating a unicorn within a unicorn? Solve some of the biggest challenges facing the financial inclusion of Bharat? Well, then here’s your chance! Financial Services (FS) is one of the fastest growing new businesses at Meesho. It's a large 10X opportunity for Meesho to build financial products for Bharat users and serve the unmet needs of millions of our users. And you will be at the center of this journey, building and scaling the business and serving millions of Meesho users. Meesho FS has several lines of products primarily in lending space, service sellers, users and logistics partners of Meesho.

**We aspire to create one of the country’s largest financial services businesses, drawing inspiration from global giants such as Alibaba, Shopee, and Mercado Libre, who have thrived in markets comparable to India and built large financial businesses.**

As part of this role, you will get to wear multiple hats, from strategy to execution, problem solving, to team and work closely with the leadership team to build and grow Meesho’s user lending business. You will also work closely with other cross functional teams such as Credit Risk, Product, Technology, User Growth and our external partners, including NBFCs and Banks. Moreover, you will be required to manage budgets and P&L with end to end responsibilities and ownership of managing the business. If you are looking for a high impact role, and a journey to cherish, this role is for you. 

# **About the role**

In this role, you will be expected to lead one or more lending products, you will play a vital role in shaping the direction of the business and essentially own the P&L and success of the product. In addition you will own and manage partnerships with lenders and drive KRs on capital supply. You can expect to work on a wide range of problem statements spanning across business, product, P&L, team management and growth and create impact for our users and the organization.

## What you will do:

* **Build and scale business:**  develop a deep understanding of user needs for credit and build a differentiated product offering catering to different segments. This will need you to strategize and execute with a problem-first and impact mindset. You will be owning the strategy, building partnerships and execution roadmaps for your P&L
* **Growth**: Grow the business, drive adoption, manage pricing and develop marketing strategies and positioning to increase awareness and adoptions on the platform. Take bold bets and ambitious targets for the business.
* **Capital Supply**: Create long term lender strategy, work closely with partnership team to bring in the right partners and ensure sufficient capital supply.
* **P&L:** Manage the overall P&L, identify levers across pricing and risk and manage them, monitor portfolio performance, collections and work closely with risk teams to identify and mitigate risks,
* **Developing processes and systems:**build systems and processes ground up, apply your problem solving that to drive continuous improvements
* **Team Management:** manage the user business team, build KPIs/ targets and grow your team. Help them imbibe Meesho values and culture and enable them to be the best version of themselves.
* **Stakeholder Management** - you will get to work closely with Meesho founders and the leadership team to build the business, align them on business direction and approvals, including budgets and P&L.

## What you will need

* About eight to twelve years of work experience managing a business growth and P&L
* Lending or fintech experience is preferred,
* Execution experience, demonstrated examples of delivering high impact projects
* Strong problem solving mindset and ability to break down complex complex problems, leverage data and come up with impactful solutions
* Ability to aim big and take bold bets and work in agile fashion
* Inquisitive mindset, continuous problem solving to improve and grow
* Strong stakeholder management and communication skills

**About us**

Welcome to Meesho, where every story begins with a spark of inspiration and a dash of entrepreneurial spirit. We're not just a platform; we're your partner in turning dreams into realities.

**Curious about life at Meesho? Explore our Glassdoor - our people have a lot to say and they've helped us become a loved workplace in India.**

**Our Mission**

Democratising internet commerce for everyone — Meesho (Meri Shop) started with a single idea in mind: to be an e-commerce destination for Indian consumers and to enable small businesses to succeed online.

We provide our sellers with benefits such as zero commission and affordable shipping solutions in the market. Today, sellers nationwide are growing their businesses by tapping into Meesho’s large and diverse customer base, state-of-the-art tech infrastructure, and pan-India logistics network through trusted third-party partners.

Affordable, relatable merchandise that mirrors local markets has helped us connect with internet users and serve customers across urban, semi-urban, and rural India. Our unique business model and continuous innovation have established us as a part of India’s e-commerce ecosystem.

**Culture and Total Rewards**

Our focus is on cultivating a dynamic workplace characterized by high impact and performance excellence. We prioritize a people-centric culture, dedicated to hiring and developing exceptional talent.

Total rewards at Meesho comprise a comprehensive set of elements — monetary, non-monetary, tangible, and intangible. Our 9 guiding principles, or "Mantras," are the backbone of how we operate, influencing everything from recognition and evaluation to growth discussions. Daily rituals and processes like “Problem First Mindset,” “Listen or Die,” our Internal Mobility Program, Talent Reviews, and Continuous Performance Management embody these principles.

We offer competitive compensation — both cash and equity-based — tailored to job roles, individual experience, and skill, along with employee-centric benefits and a supportive work environment. Our holistic wellness program, MeeCare, includes benefits across physical, mental, financial, and social wellness. This includes extensive medical insurance for employees and their families, wellness initiatives like telehealth, wellness events, and fitness-related perks.

To support work-life balance, we offer generous leave policies, parental support, retirement benefits, and learning and development assistance. Through personalized recognition, gratitude for stretched work, and engaging activities, we promote employee delight at the workplace. Additional benefits such as salary advance support, relocation assistance, and flexible benefit plans further enrich the Meesho experience.

Know more about Meesho here : <https://www.meesho.io/>