<p class="paragraph"><strong>Test Development Engineer - Electronic Hardware&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p class="paragraph">&nbsp;</p>
<p class="paragraph"><strong>About Us</strong></p>
<p><span class="normaltextrun"><span data-teams="true">At Graphcore, we’re building the future of AI compute.We’re a team of semiconductor, software and AI experts, with deep experience in creating the complete AI compute stack - from silicon and software to infrastructure at datacenter scale.As part of the SoftBank Group, backed by significant long-term investment, we are delivering key technology into the fast-growing SoftBank AI ecosystem.To meet the vast and exciting AI opportunity, Graphcore is expanding its teams around the world.We are bringing together the brightest minds to solve the toughest problems, in a place where everyone has the opportunity to make an impact on the company, our products and the future of artificial intelligence.</span></span></p>
<p><strong>Job Summary</strong></p>
<p>We are looking for a high-quality Test Development Engineer to complement our existing team. You will be working closely with the hardware and software development teams to develop and maintain test systems in support of preproduction test solutions.&nbsp;&nbsp;You will report to the Hardware test team lead, the test team is embedded within the Hardware team.&nbsp;&nbsp;We want people who work collaboratively and proactively within our teams. Our engineers are not siloed, and they are trusted and encouraged to take ownership of their tasks and develop test solutions that meet our requirements. We value team players and the right characteristics are more important than academic qualification or specific experience.</p>
<p>Candidates will be expected to work closely both with other teams within Graphcore and with 3rd party support engineers/contractors, ensuring good communication between all parties, and to contribute meaningfully to the overall efficiency and success of the Hardware Team.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>The Team</strong></p>
<p>The Hardware test team are part of a larger Hardware team that consists of Signal Integrity (SI), Mechanical, layout, package and Hardware engineers. The Hardware team is responsible for delivering state of the art accelerators for machine learning and collaborates with the Silicon, Firmware and Production teams during product development.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Responsibilities and Duties&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p><strong>&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>A successful candidate will work within Hardware Engineering Team to define test methods, specify suitable test equipment and automate test systems. The team is currently responsible for testing, debugging and characterising high speed serial links, power supplies that can deliver high current and adapt to fast transients. We also debug and characteratize slower speed protocols like JTAG , I2C I3C and low level PCBA debug.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Developing a deep understanding of Graphcore hardware and software products and how to operate them in a test environment is essential for this position.</p>
<p>You will be expected to understand relevant industry performance test standards, data analysis and presentation systems.&nbsp;Contributions are expected to span multiple areas and involve:</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>Manual testing and debug of complex high speed SERDES which include PCIe Gen 6 and 112/224Gb PAM4 ethernet. This will require the use of high bandwidth oscilloscopes, BERTs and VNA’s, and the ability to understand complex IEEE standards.</li>
<li>Designing and developing graphical user interfaces for controlling our products in a test environment.&nbsp;</li>
<li>development of test systems for Graphcore’s Machine Learning Accelerator products at a system and board level</li>
<li>transfer of preproduction test system knowledge to the production test team.</li>
<li>test coverage analysis and improvement.</li>
<li>maintaining and development of our characterisation systems.</li>
<li>automating tests In either Python or LabView.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Candidate Profile&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p><strong>Essential:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Ethernet and / or PCIe</li>
<li>Project Planning</li>
<li>Experience in development and automation of test systems for complex electronic systems</li>
<li>Fluency in test scripting languages. Including Python and LabView</li>
<li>Experience in development and automation of test systems for complex electronic systems</li>
<li>self-starter&nbsp;</li>
<li>Strong written and oral communications, team-working and interpersonal skills</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Desirable</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>LPDDR, HBM interfaces</li>
<li>High current&nbsp;fast transients power supplies</li>
<li>Knowledge of Linux</li>
<li>Knowledge of Bash scripts</li>
<li>Previous experience of server verification</li>
<li>understanding of PCBA production test methods such as ICT and SLT</li>
<li>experience in data analysis</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Benefits</strong></p>
<p>In addition to a competitive salary, Graphcore offers flexible working, a generous annual leave policy, private medical insurance and health cash plan, a dental plan, pension (matched up to 5%), life assurance and income protection. We have a generous parental leave policy and an employee assistance programme (which includes health, mental wellbeing, and bereavement support). We offer a range of healthy food and snacks at our central Bristol office and have our own barista bar! We welcome people of different backgrounds and experiences; we’re committed to building an inclusive work environment that makes Graphcore a great home for everyone. We offer an equal opportunity process and understand that there are visible and invisible differences in all of us. We can provide a flexible approach to interview and encourage you to chat to us if you require any reasonable adjustments.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Sponsorship</strong></p>
<p>Applicants for this position must hold the right to work in the UK. Unfortunately at this time, we are unable to provide visa sponsorship or support for visa applications.</p>