<div class="content-intro"><p><span style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;">Shift delivers AI agents that transform insurers' most critical work. By combining deep industry expertise and unmatched data resources, Shift provides proven results that have earned the trust of hundreds of the world's leading insurers. Our insurance-grade AI is accurate, explainable, and secure—empowering human experts to move with unmatched speed, total confidence, and a renewed focus on the people they serve.</span></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><video poster="https://8595762.fs1.hubspotusercontent-na1.net/hubfs/8595762/2026%20Website%20Refresh/2026%20Shift%20Brand%20Video/thumbnail-violet.jpg" controls="controls" width="300" height="150">
&nbsp;&nbsp;<source src="https://8595762.fs1.hubspotusercontent-na1.net/hubfs/8595762/2026%20Website%20Refresh/2026%20Shift%20Brand%20Video/2026%20Shift%20Brand%20Video%20(English).mp4" type="video/mp4">
&nbsp;&nbsp;Your browser does not support the video tag.</video></p>
<p><span style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;">Our culture is built on innovation, trust, and a drive to transform the insurance industry through our SaaS platform. We come from more than 50 different countries and cultures and together we are creating the future of insurance.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;">Learn more at <a href="http://www.shift-technology.com" target="\_blank">www.shift-technology.com</a></span></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p></div><p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>In this role you will spearhead the delivery of new products to our clients, from the scoping of the first project to ensuring a broader availability and scalability across all our markets. As a member of the Delivery team, you will be the cornerstone of client relationships and technical teams. You will anticipate risks, communicate with both external and internal parties, develop and manage implementation plans with technical and business teams, guide roadmap execution, and assist with identifying client needs.&nbsp;&nbsp;</p>
<p>Due to the collaborative, cross functional, and customer facing nature of this role, we expect this role to be hybrid with some days in our Singapore office.</p>
<p><strong>What you’ll do...</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Be a key stakeholder in client relationship, managing overall delivery of our solutions in time and quality by facilitating collaboration between Shift Technology’s and clients’ business and technical teams, from operational level to senior management</li>
<li>Engage during presales and inception of new products, focusing on structuring and tracking the scoping phase before contract signature.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Define project methodology and organization, validate client requirements, and identify key milestones and success factors</li>
<li>Coordinate with our technical program management team to ensure alignment between product roadmap and project plan as well as the execution of the release process</li>
<li>Align with technical leadership team to drive scalability by design of our complex solutions while balancing key project needs</li>
<li>Take a leadership role in shaping internal processes and tools to enhance organizational effectiveness of the company.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>What you bring...</strong></p>
<p>Shift’s project management team is filled with open-minded top performers who are committed to client service, inspired by challenging projects, and are always on the look-out for new learning opportunities.</p>
<p>We thrive on collaboration and believe that diverse perspectives lead to innovative solutions.</p>
<ul>
<li>You possess exceptional communication skills, both oral and written, enabling you to simplify complex concepts and effectively present to C-level stakeholders.&nbsp;</li>
<li>You will lead by example and will define and own your delivery metrics on your program</li>
<li>You bring 2-5 years of relevant experience in IT project management, preferably in a SaaS B2B environment</li>
<li>PM certifications such as CAPM, PMP, or Prince2 are highly valued and will enhance your candidacy.</li>
<li>You are dynamic, humble, curious and eager to learn, always looking to expand your fields of expertise.</li>
<li>You show leadership by being proactive and taking ownership of your work; you often come up with new ideas to improve our service quality and know how to get your teammates behind them.</li>
<li>You are comfortable managing programs (with more than 20 project participants) and simultaneously dealing with the pressure of delivering excellent service to our customers.</li>
<li>Advanced command of English, both written and spoken, equivalent to a native speaker.</li>
<li>Proficiency in additional languages is a significant advantage.</li>
<li>Strong understanding of how AI, data modeling, IT architecture and transformation work is a plus</li>
<li>An experience in Consulting is a plus.</li>
<li>An experience in the Insurance industry is a plus.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Interview Process</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Talent Acquisition</li>
<li>Hiring Manager</li>
<li>Business Case review</li>
<li>Global Head of Delivery</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><span style="color: #000000;"><strong><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;">To support our permanent, full time employees at every stage of their careers and lives, we provide a competitive total rewards and benefits package. Here are the global benefits we’d like to highlight:</span></strong></span></p>
<ul>
<li style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;"><span style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0); font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;">Flexible remote and hybrid working options</span></li>
<li style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;"><span style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0); font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;">Competitive Salary and a variable component tied to personal and company performance</span></li>
<li style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;"><span style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0); font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;">Multiple Learning and Development opportunities, including Focus Fridays, a half-day each month to focus on learning and personal growth</span></li>
<li style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;"><span style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0); font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;">Generous PTO and paid holidays</span></li>
<li style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;"><span style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0); font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;">Mental health benefits&nbsp;</span></li>
<li style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;"><span style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0); font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;">2 MAD Days per year (Make A Difference Days for paid volunteering)</span></li>
</ul>
<p><span style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0); font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;">Additional benefits may be offered by country, based on your eligibility - ask your recruiter for more information. Intern and Apprentice positions may receive some of these benefits - ask your recruiter for more details.</span></p>
<p><span style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0); font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;"><em>At Shift we strive to be a diverse and inclusive workforce. <em data-stringify-type="italic">We welcome applications from and hire people who will contribute to the diversity of our company,&nbsp;</em>without regard to race, color, religion, marital status, age, national or ethnic origin, physical or mental disability, medical condition, pregnancy, genetic information, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, or other non-merit criteria.</em></span></p>
<p><span style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0); font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;"><em>Shift Technology is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities in our application and employment process. Should you require accommodation, please email accommodation@shift-technology.com and we will work with you to meet your accessibility needs.</em></span></p>
<p><span style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0); font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;"><em>Please be aware of scammers and only trust correspondence that comes from emails ending in "shift-technology.com". We will never do initial outreach to you via Whatsapp/Text/SMS, never ask for banking information or personal identification numbers (ex. Social Security Number) as part of our recruitment process.</em></span></p>
<p><span style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0); font-size: 8pt; font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;"><em>Shift Technology does not accept unsolicited CVs from recruiters or employment agencies in response to the Shift Technology Careers page or a Shift Technology social media post. Any unsolicited CVs, including those submitted directly to hiring managers, are deemed to be the property of Shift Technology. </em></span></p></div>