<h2><strong>Who we are</strong></h2>
<h3><strong>About Stripe</strong></h3>
<p>Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies—from the world’s largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyone’s reach while doing the most important work of your career.</p>
<h3><strong>About the team</strong></h3>
<p>As a Sales Development Manager at Stripe, you will drive Stripe’s future growth engine by leading a team of inbound and/or outbound SDRs. You will be working with the Stripe’s Sales teams to build Stripe’s sales pipeline. As a Sales Development manager, you’ll lead and coach a group of high-performing SDRs, helping them deliver on ambitious targets, as well as roll up your sleeves to work directly with the team. We are looking for a self-starter who has demonstrated success dealing with ambiguity, operating in a high-growth environment, and solving problems with limited oversight. Ideal candidates will have management experience scaling a technology Sales Development team and superior communication skills.<br><br>We take a data-driven, analytical approach to Sales Development, and are looking for someone who enjoys building – who will actively participate in the development of sales processes, the articulation of Stripe’s value proposition, and the creation of key tools and assets to measure success. Stripe is not a typical company, and this is not a typical sales development function. If you’re hungry, smart, persistent, and a great teammate, we want to hear from you!&nbsp;&nbsp;</p>
<h2><strong>What you’ll do</strong></h2>
<h3><strong>Responsibilities</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Recruit, train and lead a rapidly growing team of SDRs.</li>
<li>Contribute to both the long-term vision and strategy for the team and manage day-to-day operations.</li>
<li>Own and drive execution of Stripe’s new business pipeline goals by understanding and analyzing top of the funnel metrics, pipeline quality, and revenue influenced across different segments</li>
<li>Coach, mentor and guide the team in developing consultative and solution-based sales skills including: campaign strategy, outbound execution, and nurturing interest in opportunities.</li>
<li>Shape deep partnerships with Marketing, Sales, Sales Operations, Enablement, and Product Marketing teams to successfully collaborate on campaigns and events.</li>
<li>Optimize your business for efficiency, accelerating ramp time to productivity, and ensure your team has a crisp understanding of Stripe domain knowledge</li>
<li>Effectively work cross-functionally across the organization to shape Stripe's solutions to meet client needs.</li>
<li>Inspire, motivate and enable individual development to promote career growth of direct reports.</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Who you are</strong></h2>
<p>We’re looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.</p>
<h3><strong>Minimum requirements</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>2+ years of people management experience</li>
<li>Experience leading inbound/ outbound sales and operations in an early stage, high-growth technology environment.</li>
<li>Proven track record of high performance in a pipeline generating or closing role</li>
<li>Ability to hire, train and coach a high-performance sales team.</li>
<li>Ability to build relationships with strategic clients and industry thought leaders.</li>
<li>Demonstrated passion for start-ups and new technology businesses.</li>
<li>Ability to clearly communicate technical concepts and build great relationships with highly technical customers.</li>
<li>Program Management Expertise:&nbsp;Demonstrated experience in leading and managing comprehensive program management initiatives to ensure successful project execution and alignment with organizational objectives.</li>
<li>Familiarity with A1 Inactive Data: Experience working with A1 inactive data, understanding its implications, and developing strategies for effective management and utilization.</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>Preferred qualifications</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Prior experience at a growth stage Internet/software company.</li>
<li>Fluency in any other European language is a plus</li>
</ul>