<div class="content-intro"><p><strong>Secure Every Identity, from AI to Human<br><br></strong>Identity is the key to unlocking the potential of AI. Okta secures AI by building the trusted, neutral infrastructure that enables organizations to safely embrace this new era. This work requires a relentless drive to solve complex challenges with real-world stakes. We are looking for builders and owners who operate with speed and urgency and execute with excellence.<br><br>This is an opportunity to do career-defining work. We're all in on this mission. If you are too, let's talk.</p></div><h3>About the Team</h3>
<p>Okta's Core Engineering team is responsible for building and evolving shared infrastructure and services that lay the foundation for what other engineering teams build on. We're in charge of common shared services like distributed cache, configuration management, frameworks for async job management, internal tooling for developer support, and email pipeline, to name a few. We're cloud native, where redundancy, multi-tenancy, scale, resource optimization and resiliency are first class citizens. With Okta's mantra of 'Always On!' there's never a dull moment. Our biggest asset is our team of passionate engineers and technically minded managers.&nbsp;</p>
<h3>Role:</h3>
<p>This is an opportunity for an experienced Backend engineer to join our growing Core Platform team based out of Bengaluru. In this role, you will get to work with highly skilled and talented engineers throughout the organization to build and manage some of the critical platform services powering Okta’s products and infrastructure. This role requires a blend of high-level architectural thinking and hands-on execution to build resilient, high-performance backend services. We are not only passionate about building services but operating them at scale, making them resilient to provide a seamless service to our customers.</p>
<p>You'll be leading a team of highly skilled and talented team players who're proud of what they own and deliver. Our elite team is fast, creative and flexible; with a weekly release cycle and individual ownership we expect great things from our engineers and reward them with stimulating new projects, new technologies and the chance to have&nbsp;</p>
<h3>Responsibilities:</h3>
<ul>
<li>Work with engineering teams to design, develop and deliver cloud based infrastructure projects on a modern tech stack (Redis, Elasticsearch, Docker, Terraform on AWS)</li>
<li>Drive evaluation, development and roll out of new common microservices</li>
<li>Operate, support, and upgrade shared services and frameworks. Scale these as their usage invariably grows along with Okta's business.</li>
<li>Help with design and code reviews. Ensure high programming standard by writing unit and functional tests.</li>
<li>Be part of a structured on-call roster, assist with monitoring, troubleshooting of services and frameworks the team owns</li>
<li>Collaborate with architects, QA, product owners, security and operations engineers</li>
<li>Help with mentoring new engineering hires and interns</li>
</ul>
<h3>Minimum required knowledge, skills and abilities:</h3>
<ul>
<li>Immense passion about doing the right thing to help Okta's technology stay ahead of its anticipated business growth</li>
<li>Solid technology chops in architecting, implementing, tuning and debugging services in a Cloud native environment preferably in the enterprise world</li>
<li>Bachelor's degree in computer science or equivalent</li>
<li>12+ yrs of expansive programming experience in an object-oriented programming language like Java, especially in backend services. A good understanding of multithreading, garbage collection, memory management.</li>
<li>7+ yrs experience of working with MySQL or equivalent relational database systems.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Demonstrated experience of working with ReST and good understanding of its fundamentals</li>
<li>Knowledge of Spring, Spring Boot, Hibernate and Tomcat</li>
<li>Knowledge of AWS, Redis, Elasticsearch, and Docker</li>
<li>Demonstrably followed best software engineering principles</li>
<li>Familiarity with Agile software development process</li>
</ul>
<h3>Nice to have:</h3>
<ul>
<li>Maintained security, encryption, identity management, or authentication infrastructure</li>
<li>Leveraged major public cloud providers to build mission-critical, distributed systems for high availability and scale</li>
<li>Experience developing Kubernetes based services on AWS Stack</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>#LI-Hybrid</p>
<p>P22377\_3405787</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong><br>The Okta Experience</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><a href="http://rewards.okta.com">Supporting Your Well-Being</a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="https://www.okta.com/company/okta-for-good/">Driving Social Impact&nbsp;</a></li>
<li><a href="https://www.okta.com/company/talent-connection-community/">Developing Talent and Fostering Connection + Community</a></li>
</ul>
<p>We are intentional about connection. Our global community, spanning over 20 offices worldwide, is united by a drive to innovate. Your journey begins with an immersive, in-person onboarding experience designed to accelerate your impact and connect you to our mission and team from day one.<br><br>Okta is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, marital status, age, physical or mental disability, or status as a protected veteran. We also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and convictions records, consistent with applicable laws.<br><br>If reasonable accommodation is needed to complete any part of the job application, interview process, or onboarding please&nbsp;<a href="https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1EfiEYZrIyhA2X4Fijk0R3RKYOzNoS3wtvyM4nhbZnXE/edit">use this Form</a> to request an accommodation.<br><br>Notice for New York City Applicants &amp; Employees: Okta may use Automated Employment Decision Tools (AEDT), as defined by New York City Local Law 144, that use artificial intelligence, machine learning, or other automated processes to assist in our recruitment and hiring process. In accordance with NYC Local Law 144, if you are an applicant or employee residing in New York City, please&nbsp;<a href="https://talent.okta.com/new-york-city-aedt-notice.html">click here</a> to view our full NYC AEDT Notice.<br><br>Okta is committed to complying with applicable data privacy and security laws and regulations. For more information, please see our Personnel and Job Candidate Privacy Notice at&nbsp;<a href="https://www.okta.com/legal/personnel-policy/">https://www.okta.com/legal/personnel-policy/</a>.</p></div>