<p><strong>Your Role</strong></p>
<p>As a Senior Manufacturing Engineer (all genders) at HelloFresh and Factor, you will play a key role in ensuring our production lines run smoothly and efficiently. You will be an individual contributor responsible for maximizing equipment uptime, selecting state-of-the-art machinery, and leading equipment innovation projects. Your expertise will be essential in guiding the installation of new equipment, collaborating with vendors, and training our team members to maintain optimal production standards. Additionally, you will coordinate with other departments.</p>
<p><em><span style="text-decoration: underline;">This position is based at HelloFresh SE in Berlin and supports the development and expansion of the production facility of our subsidiary, Factor, in Verden (Aller), near Bremen. Occasional travel may be required (approximately 20%). Please note that this position is initially limited to 24 months, with the possibility of a permanent contract.</span></em></p>
<p><strong>Your Responsibilities</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Lead high-impact, full-scope engineering projects focused on efficiency, increased volume, cost reduction, improved safety, and product quality improvements, from ideation to implementation and post-launch sustainability.</li>
<li>Apply technical expertise in food manufacturing equipment, internal production processes, automation, and equipment to proactively identify areas for improvement and standardization.</li>
<li>Author and update SOPs, submit regulatory documentation, and publish project communications.</li>
<li>Analyze and present project findings, proposing actionable engineering solutions based on process and equipment benchmarking, root cause analysis, data analysis, and engineering principles, influencing both technical and business decisions.</li>
<li>Collaborate cross-functionally with teams and stakeholders, including engineering peers, Operations, Quality, Maintenance, Culinary R&amp;D, Product Validation, Sanitation, and Safety.</li>
<li>Meaningfully contribute to equipment selection processes by assessing equipment specifications and design requirements, including the impact on new facility construction, retrofits, and current systems.</li>
<li>Maintain and deepen subject matter expertise in your assigned area(s).</li>
<li>Regularly spend time on the production floor to investigate equipment issues, validate processes, and identify solutions.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Your Profile</strong></p>
<p>You are…</p>
<ul>
<li>A person who drives change and makes a real impact.</li>
<li>A technically strong engineer with excellent interpersonal skills, a professional attitude, and the ability to interact effectively with individuals at all levels of the organization.</li>
<li>Comfortable with equipment selection, design, standards, performance improvement, and statistics.</li>
<li>Able to analyze and provide solutions for equipment and process improvements.</li>
<li>Experienced in developing preferred methods and Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs).</li>
<li>Skilled in using labor data to justify capital expenditure and evaluate the ROI of process changes.</li>
<li>A project manager capable of leading complex, concurrent deliverables and meeting project deadlines with minimal oversight.</li>
<li>Confident in presenting to both technical and non-technical audiences with polished presentations.</li>
<li>Comfortable using CAD tools, Lean Six Sigma, and other common engineering tools and platforms.</li>
</ul>
<p>You have…</p>
<ul>
<li>BS in Industrial Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, or a similar field required.</li>
<li>3-5+ years of experience in food manufacturing.</li>
<li>3-5+ years of experience in investigating, analyzing, justifying, and selecting equipment to help the company make informed decisions to improve costs and efficiencies.</li>
<li>3-5+ years of engineering and project management experience in a manufacturing environment.</li>
<li>Lean Six Sigma certification and Kaizen experience preferred.</li>
<li>Comfort and experience working on the production floor, engaging with equipment and operators.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>What We Offer You</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>A great working environment in an amazing team</li>
<li>Discounts on our HelloFresh meal kits</li>
<li>Diverse opportunities for personal and professional growth</li>
<li>Comprehensive onboarding process</li>
<li>Competitive salary</li>
<li>Fun team events</li>
<li>Discounted fitness offers</li>
<li>Well-being initiatives</li>
<li>Company pension plan</li>
<li>Monthly subsidy for the Deutschlandticket</li>
<li>Work in a global, international environment</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Hungry for more?</strong></p>
<p>Apply now with your complete application documents, including a CV (without a photo if preferred) and without specifying personal details such as nationality or gender. Language certificates and documents related to residence and work permits are welcome.</p>
<p>We look forward to hearing from you!</p>
<p>#JD1002<br>#barnoffice</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>