**Company Introduction**

Patsnap is a SaaS-based innovation intelligence service provider headquartered in Singapore with 1200 employees worldwide and customers from more than 40 countries. Patsnap helps R&D leaders maximize the value of innovation intelligence within their R&D workflow and strategic planning. As the global leaders in connected innovation intelligence, patsnap uses AI technology to comb through billions of datasets, and help innovators connect the dots. Patsnap recently closed a Series E funding round of $300 million, led by Tencent and SoftBank Vision Fund II, which made Patsnap a technology unicorn.

## Responsibilities

- **Partner Sales**
- Recruit and qualify new partners into the program based on their target customer profile and ability to sell Patsnap products.
- While leveraging internal resources, take lead on partner enablement, including but not limited to training, co-marketing, and product education.
- Work closely with partners in winning Enterprise customers, consistently source sales opportunities and work with partners and internal team to close enterprise deals.
- Manage and track sales performance metrics monthly, conduct reviews and seek opportunities for improvement.
- **Business Development**
- Develop partnerships with industry associations in the areas of intellectual property, scientific research, deep tech innovation (especially in automotive, pharmaceutical, ICT, chemicals, materials) and so on.
- Build relationships with stakeholders in the innovation ecosystem, such as universities, research institutes, government agencies, incubators, tech media and so on.
- Explore cross-industry collaboration opportunities with other relevant players such as enterprise SaaS software vendors, cloud service providers, AI technology companies and so on.
- Leverage all sorts of partner networks to raise brand awareness of Patsnap and develop sales opportunities.

## Desired Qualifications and Experience

- BA/BS degree with over 8 years of experience for a technology company preferably in software.
- A solid background in direct and indirect sales with strong track record. Channel sales success would be a plus.
- Experience working with cross-functional teams to accomplish goals.
- Worked in international companies or overseas environment.
- Fluent in business English