<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p style="text-align: center;"><span style="font-family: tahoma, arial, helvetica, sans-serif; font-size: 24pt; color: rgb(126, 140, 141);"><strong>Product Marketing Manager, Research<br>14 month FTC<br></strong></span></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p style="text-align: center;"><span style="font-family: tahoma, arial, helvetica, sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; color: rgb(126, 140, 141);"><em>Prolific</em></span></p>
<p>At Prolific, our marketplace is rooted in academia, and that commitment runs deep. Alongside our work to accelerate the future of AI, we’re continuing to redefine how the world conducts research in industry and academic contexts.</p>
<p><br>What started as a research-driven idea has evolved into the world’s most trusted infrastructure for human data. Today, tens of thousands of researchers from enterprises and top universities across the globe rely on Prolific to power their work, from peer-reviewed studies to the next generation of technological breakthroughs.</p>
<p><br>We're doubling down on our mission to serve the research community, deepening relationships, building smarter tools, and making high-quality human data more accessible than ever.</p>
<p style="text-align: center;"><span style="font-family: tahoma, arial, helvetica, sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; color: rgb(126, 140, 141);"><em>The role</em></span></p>
<p>We’re looking for a Senior Product Marketing Manager for our Research vertical to own feature releases, define packaging and positioning, and drive revenue expansion by equipping our teams with the tools they need to unlock new opportunities.</p>
<p>You will be a key partner to the VP of Research, working in lockstep with dedicated product and commercial teams to drive initiatives that enable Prolific to expand and win new research audiences across academia, industry, and partnerships.</p>
<p>It’s an exciting time to join Prolific in this vertical. With a strong product launch pipeline and new market expansion, this is a role with meaningful scope. You won’t just be holding the fort, but actively driving growth.</p>
<p>This is a fixed-term contract maternity cover role. To ensure strong handover with the existing Senior PMM, we’d like this role to start before the maternity leave begins in early July, cover a 12 month period of maternity leave, and ensure proper handover when they return.&nbsp;</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p style="text-align: center;"><span style="font-family: tahoma, arial, helvetica, sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; color: rgb(126, 140, 141);"><em>What you’ll be doing in the role&nbsp;</em></span></p>
<ul>
<li>Lead new product and feature launches for the Research vertical, collaborating with product, marketing, sales and customer success to drive consistent positioning and messaging, internal readiness, external rollout, and adoption with target audiences.</li>
<li>Drive market research, segmentation, ICP creation, positioning and messaging to target new audience expansion opportunities, and lead validation of fit with new audience segments.</li>
<li>Develop and continuously improve sales enablement processes and materials to help commercial teams with new business and expansion opportunities.</li>
<li>Conduct and synthesise market, competitive, and customer research to inform product strategy, roadmaps and go-to-market decisions.</li>
<li>Collaborate with product marketing across business verticals to ensure strong alignment and storytelling across customer segments.</li>
</ul>
<p style="text-align: center;">&nbsp;</p>
<p style="text-align: center;"><span style="font-family: tahoma, arial, helvetica, sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; color: rgb(126, 140, 141);"><em>What you’ll bring to the role</em></span></p>
<ul>
<li>4+ years of experience in product marketing, with demonstrated experience in being the responsible product marketer for a business unit or product line.</li>
<li>Experience in product marketing for marketplace or platform businesses, with a proven ability to translate complex products into positioning that lands with different buyer types across product-led and sales-led motions.</li>
<li>Excellent writing, synthesis and presentation skills, taking complex inputs and producing clear, compelling narratives.</li>
<li>Excellent collaborative skills with experience partnering across product, sales and customer success.</li>
<li>Strong commercial and data-driven mindset with a track record of impacting revenue and championing customer insights.</li>
<li>Strong self-starter, highly adaptable and comfortable working in a fast-paced scale-up environment.</li>
<li>Ability to work effectively in a remote environment, across UK and US timezones</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p style="text-align: center;"><span style="font-family: tahoma, arial, helvetica, sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; color: rgb(126, 140, 141);"><em>Why Prolific is a great place to work</em></span></p>
<p style="text-align: left;"><span style="font-family: tahoma, arial, helvetica, sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;">We've built a unique platform that connects researchers and companies with a global pool of participants, enabling the collection of high-quality, ethically sourced human behavioral data and feedback. This data is the cornerstone of developing more accurate, nuanced, and aligned AI systems.</span></p>
<p style="text-align: left;"><span style="font-family: tahoma, arial, helvetica, sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;">We believe that the next leap in AI capabilities won't come solely from scaling existing models but from integrating diverse human perspectives and behaviors into AI development. By providing this crucial human data infrastructure, Prolific is positioning itself at the forefront of the next wave of AI innovation—one that reflects the breadth and the best of humanity.</span></p>
<p style="text-align: left;"><span style="font-family: tahoma, arial, helvetica, sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;">Working for us will place you at the forefront of AI innovation, providing access to our unique human data platform and opportunities for groundbreaking research. Join us to enjoy a competitive salary, benefits, and remote working within our impactful, mission-driven culture.</span></p>
<p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;</p>
<p style="text-align: center;"><span style="font-family: tahoma, arial, helvetica, sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; color: rgb(126, 140, 141);"><em>L</em><em>inks to more information on Prolific</em></span></p>
<p style="text-align: center;"><span style="font-family: tahoma, arial, helvetica, sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;"><a href="https://www.notion.so/prolific/dbc97f2b3ff24f1bb6fa834a2c9c3283?v=4f874e88e46a4f54afd8bf62f1db19ed&amp;p=9f2c1de05dfa43338d48c20362bfead1&amp;pm=c">Benefits&nbsp;</a></span></p>
<p style="text-align: center;"><span style="font-family: tahoma, arial, helvetica, sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;"><a href="https://www.notion.so/prolific/dbc97f2b3ff24f1bb6fa834a2c9c3283?v=4f874e88e46a4f54afd8bf62f1db19ed">External Handbook</a>&nbsp;</span></p>
<p style="text-align: center;"><span style="font-family: tahoma, arial, helvetica, sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;"><a href="https://www.prolific.com/">Website&nbsp;</a></span></p>
<p style="text-align: center;"><span style="font-family: tahoma, arial, helvetica, sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;"><a href="https://www.youtube.com/@JoinProlific">Youtube</a>&nbsp;</span></p>
<p style="text-align: center;">&nbsp;</p>
<p style="text-align: center;"><span style="font-family: tahoma, arial, helvetica, sans-serif; font-size: 10pt; color: rgb(126, 140, 141);"><em>Privacy Statement</em></span></p>
<p style="text-align: left;"><span style="font-family: tahoma, arial, helvetica, sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;">By submitting your application, you agree that Prolific may collect your personal data for recruiting and global organization planning. Prolific's <a href="https://www.notion.so/prolific/Policy-Privacy-Notice-for-Candidates-f94a136a67544388b4888bc436451b57">Candidate Privacy Notice</a> explains what personal information Prolific may process, where Prolific may process your personal information, its purposes for processing your personal information, and the rights you can exercise over Prolific use of your personal information.</span></p>
<p style="text-align: center;">&nbsp;</p>