<div class="content-intro"><p>Figma is growing our team of passionate creatives and builders on a mission to make design accessible to all. Figma’s platform helps teams bring ideas to life—whether you're brainstorming, creating a prototype, translating designs into code, or iterating with AI. From idea to product, Figma empowers teams to streamline workflows, move faster, and work together in real time from anywhere in the world. If you're excited to shape the future of design and collaboration, join us!</p></div><p>As a leader in our Enterprise Support organization, you’ll lead a Team to ensure we deliver exceptional experiences to our customers. You’ll partner closely with Sales, Product, Engineering, and Support Operations to improve workflows, unlock product insights, and advocate for meaningful system changes. We’re looking for a leader who is passionate about developing people, thrives in complexity, and brings structure and clarity to a fast-paced, agile environment.</p>
<p>This role can be held from our London hub on a hybrid basis.&nbsp;</p>
<h4><strong>What you’ll do at Figma:</strong></h4>
<ul>
<li>Lead and develop the Enterprise Support team, setting a high bar for customer experience, quality, and performance, with a focus on delivering premium customer experiences</li>
<li>Manage, coach, and empower the team to meet the KPIs most critical to Enterprise success, driving clarity, alignment, and accountability</li>
<li>Partner with Product Support Operations to recommend and implement operational improvements that enhance our ability to deliver support at scale</li>
<li>Collaborate closely with Sales leadership to unblock high-value customers, support complex organization migrations, and guide major account transitions, ensuring continuity and customer satisfaction</li>
<li>Work with Voice of the Customer, Product, and Engineering teams to surface meaningful insights that drive product and journey improvements</li>
<li>Use data and trends to identify opportunities, anticipate risks, maintain queue health, and inform strategic decision-making</li>
<li>Coach and develop Enterprise Specialists, with an emphasis on skill-building, performance, and career growth</li>
<li>Implement and refine support methodologies that elevate both the customer experience and team effectiveness</li>
<li>Manage high-visibility and executive escalations with clarity and urgency, partnering cross-functionally to drive fast and lasting resolutions</li>
</ul>
<h4><strong>We'd love to hear from you if you have:</strong></h4>
<ul>
<li>4+ years leading high-performing support teams, primarily serving enterprise customers in technical SaaS environments; deep expertise in people leadership and building effective, results-driven teams</li>
<li>Consistently focused on elevating both the customer and employee experience through continuous improvement</li>
<li>Experienced in driving outcomes and leading enterprise support initiatives within fast-paced, hyper-growth organizations</li>
<li>Proven ability to partner cross-functionally with Sales and Engineering to advance meaningful customer outcomes</li>
<li>Strong hands-on understanding of enterprise technical concepts, including SSO, SCIM, APIs, provisioning/de-provisioning, domain management, and security workflows</li>
</ul>
<h4><strong>While not required, it’s an added plus if you also have:</strong></h4>
<ul>
<li>Experience using Figma's products</li>
</ul>
<p>At Figma, one of our values is Grow as you go. We believe in hiring smart, curious people who are excited to learn and develop their skills. If you’re excited about this role but your past experience doesn’t align perfectly with the points outlined in the job description, we encourage you to apply anyways. You may be just the right candidate for this or other roles.</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p>At Figma we celebrate and support our differences. We know employing a team rich in diverse thoughts, experiences, and opinions allows our employees, our product and our community to flourish. Figma is an <a href="https://www.eeoc.gov/sites/default/files/2022-10/EEOC\_KnowYourRights\_screen\_reader\_10\_20.pdf">equal opportunity workplace</a> - we are dedicated to equal employment opportunities regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity/expression, veteran status<strong>, </strong>or any other characteristic protected by law. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements.</p>
<p>We will work to ensure individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to apply for a role, participate in the interview process, perform essential job functions, and receive other benefits and privileges of employment. If you require accommodation, please reach out to <a href="mailto:accommodations-ext@figma.com">accommodations-ext@figma.com</a>. These modifications enable an individual with a disability to have an equal opportunity not only to get a job, but successfully perform their job tasks to the same extent as people without disabilities.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Examples of accommodations include but are not limited to:&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>Holding interviews in an accessible location</li>
<li>Enabling closed captioning on video conferencing</li>
<li>Ensuring all written communication be compatible with screen readers</li>
<li>Changing the mode or format of interviews&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p>To ensure the integrity of our hiring process and facilitate a more personal connection, we require all candidates keep their cameras on during video interviews. Additionally, if hired you will be required to attend in person onboarding.</p>
<p>By applying for this job, the candidate acknowledges and agrees that any personal data contained in their application or supporting materials will be processed in accordance with <a class="c-link c-link--underline" href="https://www.figma.com/legal/candidate-privacy-notice/" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://www.figma.com/legal/candidate-privacy-notice/" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">Figma's Candidate Privacy Notice</a>.</p></div>