<div class="content-intro"><p><strong data-stringify-type="bold">Why work at Nebius<br></strong>Nebius is leading a new era in cloud computing to serve the global AI economy. We create the tools and resources our customers need to solve real-world challenges and transform industries, without massive infrastructure costs or the need to build large in-house AI/ML teams. Our employees work at the cutting edge of AI cloud infrastructure alongside some of the most experienced and innovative leaders and engineers in the field.</p>
<p><strong>Where we work<br></strong>Headquartered in Amsterdam and listed on Nasdaq, Nebius has a global footprint with R&amp;D hubs across Europe, North America, and Israel. The team of over 1400 employees includes more than 400 highly skilled engineers with deep expertise across hardware and software engineering, as well as an in-house AI R&amp;D team.</p></div><h2><span data-ccp-props="{}">The team</span></h2>
<p><span data-ccp-props="{}">We give you the opportunity to work with cutting-edge technologies in data operations, cloud computing and infrastructure management. As global data center operations grow, there will be ample opportunities for career progression. Working in the data center directly impacts performance, customer satisfaction and efficiency, with the opportunity to contribute to new data center projects. You’ll collaborate with experts in AI data center development and operations, gaining insights from leaders in the field. This environment fosters innovation and allows you to work on solutions that exceed industry standards in design and deployment.</span></p>
<h2><span data-ccp-props="{}">The role</span></h2>
<p class="" data-start="55" data-end="171">As an <strong>IT Manager</strong>, you will be key in ensuring the maintenance and efficiency of our data center's IT infrastructure.</p>
<p class="" data-start="173" data-end="459">Your role involves leading a team that works directly with cutting-edge technologies, including the advanced H200 GPU cloud cluster. You’ll be responsible for overseeing the IT infrastructure, handling hardware troubleshooting and resolution, and ensuring critical systems run smoothly.</p>
<p><strong><span data-ccp-props="{&quot;335559685&quot;:720,&quot;335559991&quot;:360}"><span class="TextRun MacChromeBold SCXW95146830 BCX0" lang="EN-US" data-contrast="auto"><span class="NormalTextRun SCXW95146830 BCX0" data-ccp-charstyle="Strong">Your responsibilities will include:</span></span><span class="EOP SCXW95146830 BCX0" data-ccp-props="{&quot;134233117&quot;:true,&quot;134233118&quot;:true}">&nbsp;</span></span></strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Manage IT support team to achieve KPI in IT infrastructure support and project planning.</li>
<li>Collaborating effectively with internal teams and external contractors to address technical and operational challenges.</li>
<li>Developing clear and comprehensive documentation and manuals for hardware configuration, troubleshooting and maintenance.</li>
<li>Planning, executing and monitoring regular IT tasks to maintain and improve IT infrastructure operations.</li>
<li>Manage IT support that includes diagnosing and resolving issues related to IT hardware and ensure the continuous support of the data center’s IT infrastructure.</li>
<li>Manage Project tasks that include installation, upgrading and dismantling of hardware based on operational requests and requirements.</li>
<li>Manage additional processes around asset management, Return Merchandise Authorizations (RMAs).</li>
</ul>
<p><strong><span data-contrast="auto"><span data-ccp-charstyle="Strong">We expect you to have:</span></span><span data-ccp-props="{&quot;134233117&quot;:true,&quot;134233118&quot;:true}">&nbsp;</span></strong></p>
<ul>
<li>5+ years of team management, hands-on experience in diagnosing and resolving server hardware issues.</li>
<li>A solid understanding of data center operations, as well as server and network equipment principles.</li>
<li>Practical experience in project planning and management.</li>
<li>Knowledge of the ITIL methodology, the operational activities of the technical support service (ITSM).</li>
<li>Basic proficiency in the Linux operating system and familiarity with command-line tools.</li>
<li>Practical experience working with server IT hardware, enterprise-grade network switches and fiber optic cables.</li>
<li>Advanced Excel skills, including proficiency with pivot tables, formulas, lists and graph creation.</li>
<li>A proactive, responsible and goal-oriented approach to work.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong><span data-contrast="auto"><span data-ccp-charstyle="Strong">It will be </span><span data-ccp-charstyle="Strong">an added bonus</span><span data-ccp-charstyle="Strong"> if you have:</span></span><span data-ccp-props="{&quot;134233117&quot;:true,&quot;134233118&quot;:true}">&nbsp;</span></strong></p>
<ul>
<li>ITIL and/or PMI certification.</li>
<li>Driving License (Category B)</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>What we offer</strong>&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>Competitive salary and comprehensive benefits package.</li>
<li>Opportunities for professional growth within Nebius.</li>
<li>Flexible working arrangements.</li>
<li>A dynamic and collaborative work environment that values initiative and innovation.</li>
</ul>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">We’re growing and expanding our products every day. If you’re up to the challenge and are excited about AI and ML as much as we are, join us!</span></p></div>