<p><strong>THE POSITION<br></strong>Our roster has an opening with your name on it</p>
<p class="p1">We’re looking for a well-rounded high-level of expertise Executive Assistant to coordinate and maintain the&nbsp;schedules, travel, projects, and other tasks as assigned by the Senior Leadership Team. The ideal candidate is&nbsp;flexible and open to unfamiliar assignments and has superb problem solving and critical thinking skills.</p>
<p>In addition to the specific responsibilities outlined above, employees may be required to perform other such duties as assigned by the Company. This ensures operational flexibility and allows the Company to meet evolving business needs.<br><br></p>
<p><strong>THE GAME PLAN</strong><br>Everyone on our team has a part to play</p>
<ul>
<li class="p1">Maintain the confidentiality of all information received, or within the scope of the position</li>
<li class="p1">Internal and external representation for company brand and company leaders</li>
<li class="p1">Collaborate with different department assistants (external and internal) to ensure that any ongoing projects and needs for the company are met</li>
<li class="p1">Coordinate the agenda of senior management team meetings and off-sites, and all-staff meetings</li>
<li class="p1">Coordinate all meetings and appointments, including:
<ul>
<li class="p1">Selecting appropriate times (in accordance with communicated preferences)</li>
<li class="p1">Communicating agenda to the appropriate individuals</li>
<li class="p1">Preparing and sending necessary meeting materials</li>
<li class="p1">Recording and distributing notes as needed</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li class="p1">Actively maintain expense reports for the Leadership Team including collecting and organizing receipts and processing monthly expenses through our system (Concur)</li>
<li class="p1">Book company travel for the Leadership Team, including flights, hotels and transportation</li>
<li class="p1">Process invoices for vendors in a timely manner to ensure on time payments</li>
<li class="p1">Perform general administrative functions, including meeting and greeting visitors, answering phone calls and answering queries</li>
<li class="p1">Deliver a great service to our internal customers, prioritize the important stuff, and deliver a high standard on time</li>
<li class="p1">Additional tasks and responsibilities as assigned by the Leadership Team</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>THE STATS</strong><br>What we're looking for in our next teammate</p>
<ul>
<li class="p1">Minimum of 6+ years of experience as an Executive Assistant in a fast-paced environment preferred</li>
<li class="p1">Bachelor's degree preferred</li>
<li class="p1">Experience supporting multiple senior executives</li>
<li class="p1">Proficient in Microsoft Office Suite required (Outlook, Word, Excel and PowerPoint, and Lucidchart)</li>
<li class="p1">Proven ability to handle confidential information with discretion<span class="s1">•</span> Thoroughness and accuracy when accomplishing all tasks</li>
<li class="p1">Demonstrate proactive approaches to problem-solving with strong decision-making capability</li>
<li class="p1">Customer focused and highly approachable with the ability to be proactive, resourceful, and flexible</li>
<li class="p1">Excellent interpersonal skills, including the ability to work effectively as part of a team and interact with all levels of management and staff</li>
<li class="p1">Demonstrated ability to organize, prioritize, meet deadlines, make effective decisions and change course of action quickly</li>
<li class="p1">Effective communicator, both verbally and written</li>
<li class="p1">Emotional intelligence</li>
<li class="p1">Knowledge of sports industry, gaming or technology a big plus, but not required</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p style="text-align: center;"><strong>ABOUT FANDUEL</strong></p>
<p>FanDuel Group is the premier mobile gaming company in the United States and Canada. FanDuel Group consists of a portfolio of leading brands across mobile wagering including: America’s #1 Sportsbook, FanDuel Sportsbook; its leading iGaming platform, FanDuel Casino; the industry’s unquestioned leader in horse racing and advance-deposit wagering, FanDuel Racing; and its daily fantasy sports product. &nbsp;</p>
<p>In addition, FanDuel Group operates FanDuel TV, its broadly distributed linear cable television network and FanDuel TV+, its leading direct-to-consumer OTT platform. FanDuel Group has a presence across all 50 states, Canada, and Puerto Rico.</p>
<p>The company is based in New York with US offices in Los Angeles, Atlanta, and Jersey City, as well as global offices in Canada and Scotland. The company’s affiliates have offices worldwide, including in Ireland, Portugal, Romania, and Australia.</p>
<p>FanDuel Group is a subsidiary of Flutter Entertainment, the world's largest sports betting and gaming operator with a portfolio of globally recognized brands and traded on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE: FLUT).<br><br></p>
<p><strong>PLAYER BENEFITS</strong><br>We treat our team right</p>
<p>We offer amazing benefits above and beyond the basics. We have an array of health plans to choose from (some as low as $0 per paycheck) that include programs for fertility and family planning, mental health support, and fitness benefits. We offer generous paid time off (PTO &amp; sick leave), annual bonus and long-term incentive opportunities (based on performance), 401k with up to a 5% match, commuter benefits, pet insurance, and more - check out all our benefits here: <a href="https://fanduelbenefits.com/"><strong>FanDuel Total Rewards</strong></a>. \*Benefits differ across location, role, and level.</p>
<p style="text-align: center;">FanDuel is an equal opportunities employer and we believe, as one of our principles states, “We are One Team!”. As such, we are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ethnicity, ancestry, religion, creed, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship status, marital status, disability, gender identity, gender expression, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by state, local or federal law. We believe FanDuel is strongest and best able to compete if all employees feel valued, respected, and included.</p>
<p style="text-align: center;">FanDuel is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities. If you have a disability and need a workplace accommodation or adjustment during the application and hiring process, including support for the interview or onboarding process, please email<span class="Apple-converted-space">&nbsp;</span><a href="mailto:Benefits@fanduel.com">Benefits@fanduel.com</a>.<br><br></p>
<p style="text-align: center;"><strong><em>The applicable salary range for this position is $98,000 - $128,000<span class="Apple-converted-space">&nbsp;</span> USD, which is dependent on a variety of factors including relevant experience, location, business needs and market demand. This role may offer the following benefits: medical, vision, and dental insurance; life insurance; disability insurance; a 401(k) matching program; among other employee benefits. This role may also be eligible for short-term or long-term incentive compensation, including, but not limited to, cash bonuses and stock program participation. This role includes paid personal time off and 14 paid company holidays. FanDuel offers paid sick time in accordance with all applicable state and federal laws.</em></strong></p>
<p style="text-align: center;"><strong><em>It is unlawful in Massachusetts to require or administer a lie detector test as a condition of employment or continued employment. An employer who violates this law shall be subject to criminal penalties and civil liability.</em></strong></p>
<p>#LI-Hybrid</p>