<div class="job\_\_description body">
<div>
<p>Canonical is a leading provider of open source software and operating systems to the global enterprise and technology markets. Our platform, Ubuntu, is very widely used in breakthrough enterprise initiatives such as public cloud, data science, AI, engineering innovation, and IoT. Our customers include the world's leading public cloud and silicon providers, and industry leaders in many sectors. The company is a pioneer of global distributed collaboration, with 1200+ colleagues in 75+ countries and very few office-based roles. Teams meet two to four times yearly in person, in interesting locations around the world, to align on strategy and execution.</p>
<p>The company is founder-led, profitable, and growing.</p>
<p>We are hiring an <strong>Engineering Manager for IAM (Identity and Access Management)</strong> to&nbsp;<span style="font-weight: 400;">build high-performing Go and Python services and secure identity and access management solutions that will be used across all company products. From</span><a href="https://login.ubuntu.com/"><span style="font-weight: 400;"> </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">Ubuntu One SSO</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to</span><a href="https://juju.is/"><span style="font-weight: 400;"> </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">Juju</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">,</span><a href="https://linuxcontainers.org/"><span style="font-weight: 400;"> </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">LXD</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">and</span><a href="https://maas.io/"><span style="font-weight: 400;"> </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">MAAS</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> your team will define the way Canonical users, clients and community members access their favorite open source applications.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This is an opportunity for a software engineering manager with a passion for distributed systems operations to help us transform the future of identity management at Canonical. Experience in the identity and access management (IAM) field is desirable but not required. You will work with upstream open source projects, alongside internal teams to deliver high quality software that can be deployed on bare metal, public cloud and Kubernetes.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">As the identity team engineering manager you will bring significant software development experience, Kubernetes knowledge and a keen eye for software design, performance and security. You will be responsible for working with product management to define the technical vision for the products, managing the team backlog, reviewing code and coaching younger team members.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">You will also be involved in all the aspects of the software development process: you will design software, write high-quality code and tests, provide insightful code reviews, write documentation and help to troubleshoot issues.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">In addition to the engineering behind the project itself, you'll have the chance to work with industry-leading teams inside Canonical, ensuring your work is backed by rock-solid data stores, and highly observable using our Kubernetes-based Observability stack. You'll work with broader open source communities, participating in "hackfest" events, webinars and conferences.</span></p>
<p><strong>Location: </strong><em>This role will be based remotely in the EMEA or AMER regions.</em></p>
<h3><strong>What we are looking for in you</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Proven experience hiring and leading a high performance software engineering team</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Experience with Go and Python software development</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Ability to design and implement complex, distributed system</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Experience working with container technology and Kubernetes</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Strong understanding of software/infrastructure security and performance</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Experience designing and/or operating large scale distributed systems&nbsp;</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Knowledge of identity and access management technologies and standards is desirable but not essential</span></li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li>Exceptional academic track record from both high school and university</li>
<li>Undergraduate degree in a technical subject or a compelling narrative about your alternative chosen path</li>
<li>Professional written and spoken English with excellent presentation skills</li>
<li>Excellent interpersonal skills, curiosity, flexibility, and accountability</li>
<li>Ability to travel internationally twice a year for company events up to two weeks long</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>What we offer colleagues</strong></h3>
<p>We consider geographical location, experience, and performance in shaping compensation worldwide. We revisit compensation annually (and more often for graduates and associates) to ensure we recognize outstanding performance. In addition to base pay, we offer a performance-driven annual bonus or commission. We provide all team members with additional benefits which reflect our values and ideals. We balance our programs to meet local needs and ensure fairness globally.</p>
<ul>
<li>Distributed work environment with twice-yearly team sprints in person</li>
<li>Personal learning and development budget of USD 2,000 per year</li>
<li>Annual compensation review</li>
<li>Recognition rewards</li>
<li>Annual holiday leave</li>
<li>Maternity and paternity leave</li>
<li>Team Member Assistance Program &amp; Wellness Platform</li>
<li>Opportunity to travel to new locations to meet colleagues</li>
<li>Priority Pass and travel upgrades for long-haul company events</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>About Canonical</strong></h3>
<p>Canonical is a pioneering tech firm at the forefront of the global move to open source. As the company that publishes Ubuntu, one of the most important open-source projects and the platform for AI, IoT, and the cloud, we are changing the world of software. We recruit on a global basis and set a very high standard for people joining the company. We expect excellence; in order to succeed, we need to be the best at what we do. Most colleagues at Canonical have worked from home since our inception in 2004.​ Working here is a step into the future and will challenge you to think differently, work smarter, learn new skills, and raise your game.</p>
<p><strong>Canonical is an equal opportunity employer</strong></p>
<p>We are proud to foster a workplace free from discrimination. Diversity of experience, perspectives, and background create a better work environment and better products.<a href="https://canonical.com/careers/diversity/identity"> Whatever your identity, we will give your application fair consideration.</a></p>
<p>#LI-remote</p>
</div>
</div>