<h2>Alloy is where you belong!</h2>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Alloy helps solve the identity risk problem for companies that offer financial products by enabling them to outpace fraud and confidently serve more people around the world. Over 600 of the world’s largest financial institutions and fintechs turn to Alloy to take control of fraud, credit, and compliance risk, and grow with the clearest picture of their customers.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Through our values: Be Bold, Get Scrappy, Collaborate, and Celebrate Our Differences, we are creating a workplace where you can grow, thrive, and belong. See how we’ve been continuously recognized and named one of&nbsp;<a class="c-link" href="https://www.inc.com/profile/alloy" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://www.inc.com/profile/alloy" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">Inc. Magazine’s Best Workplaces</a>,&nbsp;<a class="c-link" href="https://www.forbes.com/companies/alloy/?list=americas-best-startup-employers&amp;sh=55c076453c61" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://www.forbes.com/companies/alloy/?list=americas-best-startup-employers&amp;sh=55c076453c61" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">Forbes America’s Best Startup Employers</a>,&nbsp;<a class="c-link" href="https://www.americanbanker.com/list/best-places-to-work-in-fintech" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://www.americanbanker.com/list/best-places-to-work-in-fintech" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">Best Fintech to Work for by American Banker</a>, year after year.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Check out our investors and read more about us <a class="c-link" href="https://www.alloy.com/about" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://www.alloy.com/about" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">here</a>.</span></p>
<h2>About the team&nbsp;</h2>
<p>As a Solutions Architect specializing in Transaction Monitoring, you’ll play a major role in Alloy’s Professional Services organization and are paramount to client success. The Solutions Architect is responsible for delivering the technical win for new client accounts. You will handle the technical post-sales relationship, present product fit, propose technical architectures, demonstrate the product, anticipate concerns, and offer creative technical solutions to Alloy clients.</p>
<h2>What you'll be doing</h2>
<ul>
<li>Acting as the technical lead on Transaction Monitoring client implementations, working closely with the Alloy Implementation Managers</li>
<li>Conducting technical and architectural overviews of client needs to propose Alloy Transaction Monitoring product solutions</li>
<li>Independently managing the transaction monitoring rule-building process to meet client needs and recommending additional rules or modifications as needed</li>
<li>Working closely with Engineering to handle data ingestion for Transaction Monitoring implementations</li>
<li>Helping to integrate Alloy's API into an app in code</li>
<li>Independently running and handling end to end testing to meet client needs</li>
<li>Acting as a mentor and consultant to other Solutions Architects on the team in relation to Transaction Monitoring implementations</li>
<li>Supporting the development of regular client reporting, technical documentation and FAQs, and rule optimization suggestions</li>
<li>Being a part of a client production readiness and supporting production launches (these occasionally occur outside of 9a-5p hours)</li>
<li>Serving as liaison between Alloy Product &amp; Engineering and Professional Services</li>
<li>Serving as a client advocate in driving the development of Alloy’s products and services internally</li>
</ul>
<h2>Who we're looking for</h2>
<p>You are both highly technical and a skilled relationship builder. You are comfortable in front of a variety of audiences, from explaining Alloy’s best practices to a bank’s compliance team, or mapping an API flow on a whiteboard with their product teams. Alloy’s post-sales process is highly consultative and requires our team to be flexible, creative, and empathetic.</p>
<ul>
<li>5+ years experience implementing and supporting complex technical products with a strong desire to work in a post-sales, client-facing role.</li>
<li>Experience working with transaction monitoring/AML rules-based systems, payments processors, and/or banking platforms</li>
<li>Hands-on, passionate and creative problem solver with the ability to lead clients to success</li>
<li>Excellent communicator and presenter able to gain diverse audience confidence and buy-in</li>
<li>Ability to build a deep understanding of a client's needs and guide them to a technical solution</li>
<li>Proven success in problem-solving with and for enterprises with a variety of requirements and technical ability levels</li>
<li>Experience working with REST APIs</li>
<li>Experience of data manipulation and ETL processes</li>
<li>Preferred:&nbsp;
<ul>
<li>Interest in learning and implementing Alloy’s other product offerings</li>
<li>Previous software development experience in one or more of the following areas: Python, SQL</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<p>Alloy is committed to fair and equitable compensation practices. Below is the anticipated starting base compensation range for this role; however, pay may vary depending on job-related knowledge, in-demand skills, relevant experience, and/or geography. In addition to a competitive base salary, this position is also eligible for equity awards in the form of stock options (ISOs) as well as a competitive total benefits package. Your recruiter will be happy to walk you through the details and what compensation could look like for you specifically!</p>
<p><em>This position has a salary range of $145,000 - $175,000 with additional variable compensation.</em></p>
<h2>Benefits and Perks&nbsp;</h2>
<ul>
<li>Unlimited PTO and flexible work policy</li>
<li>Employee stock options</li>
<li>Medical, dental, vision plans with HSA (monthly employer contribution) and FSA options</li>
<li>401k with 100% match up to 4% of annual employee compensation&nbsp;</li>
<li>Eligible new parents receive 16 weeks of paid parental leave&nbsp;</li>
<li>Home office stipend for new employees</li>
<li>Annual Learning &amp; Development annual stipend</li>
<li>Well-being benefits include access to ClassPass, OneMedical, and Spring Health&nbsp;</li>
<li>Hybrid work environment: our employees local to NYC are expected to work Tuesdays and Thursdays from our HQ in Union Square, Manhattan. Tasty lunches catered from a variety of local restaurants and frequent employee-organized cultural events contribute to our positive office energy. On Monday/Wednesday/Friday most employees Zoom into work from home while some take advantage of the quieter office.</li>
</ul>
<h2>How to Apply</h2>
<p>Apply right here. You've found the application!</p>
<p>Alloy is proud to be an equal-opportunity workplace and employer. We’re committed to equal opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, gender, gender identity, parental or pregnancy status, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, or veteran status. We are committed to an inclusive interview experience and provide reasonable accommodations to applicants with visible and invisible disabilities. We encourage applicants to share needed accommodations with their recruiter.</p>
<p>All Alloy jobs are listed on our careers page. Any communication during the recruitment process, including interview requests or job offers, will come directly from a recruiting team member with an <a href="http://alloy.com/">alloy.com</a> email address. We do not use outside applications or automated text messaging in our recruiting process. We will not ask for any sensitive financial or identification information during the recruiting process. If you’re ever unsure, please contact us directly via our website before sharing personal information.</p>