<p>
  <strong>Headquarters:</strong> Remote - United States
</p>

<div class="job__description body"><div><div class="c-message_kit__blocks c-message_kit__blocks--rich_text"><br><div class="c-message__message_blocks c-message__message_blocks--rich_text"><br><div class="p-block_kit_renderer"><br><div class="p-block_kit_renderer__block_wrapper p-block_kit_renderer__block_wrapper--first"><br><div class="p-rich_text_block"><br><div class="p-rich_text_section">Reddit is a community of communities. It’s built on shared interests, passion, and trust, and is home to the most open and authentic conversations on the internet. Every day, Reddit users submit, vote, and comment on the topics they care most about. With 100,000+ active communities and approximately 116 million daily active unique visitors, Reddit is one of the internet’s largest sources of information. For more information, visit <a class="c-link" href="http://www.redditinc.com/">www.redditinc.com</a>.</div><br></div><br></div><br></div><br></div><br></div></div><div><p><strong>The team &amp; organization:</strong></p><br><p>Reddit Ads provides a robust, high-scale advertising solution designed to connect brands with an engaged, authentic community. We aim to deliver advertising that feels native to the platform while driving real business results. As part of the Reddit Ads team, you’ll be at the forefront of reshaping how brands engage with our communities.</p><br><p>The Reddit Ads Marketplace team is responsible for Ads quality, delivery and serving. This is a unique opportunity to join a high-performing team that will shape how we monetize the Reddit platform and to help connect redditors with brands they love. We are seeking a product manager who can drive the product vision, development, and execution of our Search related ad products at Reddit.</p><br><p><strong>The Opportunity:</strong></p><br><p>Reddit is at a pivotal moment in its evolution, and we’re growing our Ads team to take the platform’s monetization to new heights. As a Staff Product Manager on our Ads Marketplace team, you will play a pivotal role in how we design the experience for users who come to reddit to find something specific.&nbsp;This is an opportunity to work on one of the most exciting areas in online advertising, where the scale, complexity, and user-first mindset of Reddit’s platform present unique challenges and rewards.</p><br><p>If you're looking for a role where you can make a real impact by driving both innovation and measurable business outcomes, then this is the role for you!</p><br><p><strong>Role Overview:</strong></p><br><p>Every day millions of users come to Reddit to find something specific that is useful and trustworthy.&nbsp; Search related visits are some of the most critical and valuable user journeys at Reddit.&nbsp; As a Staff Product Manager, you will be the leader driving monetization vision and a key contributor to defining all search related activities at Reddit. This is a key area of investment for the company, and this role will be at the forefront of shaping our approach in this space.</p><br><p><strong>What You'll Do:</strong></p><br><ul><br><li><strong>Own The Product Strategy: </strong>You will define the monetization vision for highly intentful search related experiences at Reddit, optimizing for long term success.&nbsp;</li><br><li><strong>Provide Leadership:</strong>&nbsp; You will be the overall E2E owner of the area - leading strategy, development, and launch of advertising products for all search related advertising within Reddit including Reddit Answers (our generative AI search experience), as well as users who visit us via referrals from Search Engines and LLMs.&nbsp;</li><br><li><strong>Collaborate With Teams Across the Org:</strong> You will work closely with&nbsp; Consumer, Formats, Marketplace, and UX teams to build surfaces that incorporate ads natively and sensibly with the goal of retaining searchers and maximizing their engagement on the platform.&nbsp;</li><br><li><strong>Turn Product Vision Into Reality: </strong>You will translate business goals and user needs into clear product requirements, guide technical trade-offs, and ensure alignment across teams.</li><br><li><strong>Drive Monetization</strong>:&nbsp; Lead the monetization efforts for search related activities on Reddit</li><br><li><strong>Make Data-Driven Decisions:</strong> Use a deep understanding of metrics, analytics, and competitive research to define product strategy, identify opportunities for improvement, and shape the evolution of our ads offerings</li><br><li><strong>Impact the Bottom Line:</strong> Define and own KPIs that track advertiser outcomes, user engagement, and marketplace efficiency - with a strong focus on revenue growth, user experience, and long-term sustainability.</li><br></ul><br><p><strong>Required experience:</strong></p><br><ul><br><li><strong>Experience:</strong> 7+ years of Product Management experience.</li><br><li><strong>Advertising Expertise:</strong> Strong background in online advertising, including experience with search ads, ad quality, ad formats, or display advertising.&nbsp;</li><br><li><strong>Cross Functional Leadership:</strong> experience managing complex initiatives working with multiple teams.</li><br><li><strong>Data-Driven Approach:</strong> Expertise in using data to drive decisions and business outcomes. You should be comfortable diving into analytics, building experiments, and iterating based on insights.</li><br><li><strong>Product Leadership:</strong> You have experience managing the full product lifecycle—from concept to execution collaborating with multiple teams—and can make tough prioritization decisions while balancing competing stakeholder needs.</li><br><li><strong>Technical Chops:</strong> Familiarity with standard ad serving and ML modeling concepts.&nbsp;</li><br><li><strong>Strong Communication:</strong> You excel at collaborating across teams and can communicate complex ideas effectively to both technical and non-technical stakeholders, including executives.</li><br><li><strong>ML Experience: </strong>Experience building and launching ML driven products</li><br></ul><br><p><strong>Why Reddit?</strong></p><br><ul><br><li><strong>Impact:</strong> You’ll be working on a product that is used by hundreds of millions of people every month, and your contributions will directly shape the way Reddit engages with its users and advertisers.</li><br><li><strong>Ownership:</strong> As a senior PM, you’ll have significant ownership of key initiatives, giving you the chance to have a lasting impact on Reddit’s business and product.</li><br><li><strong>Innovation:</strong> Reddit is a fast-paced, innovation-driven environment where you’ll have the opportunity to work on cutting-edge ad tech and ML-driven products.</li><br><li><strong>Growth:</strong> Reddit’s ads team is scaling rapidly, and this is an opportunity to join at a critical time. You’ll have the chance to grow your career, take on new challenges, and shape the future of digital advertising.</li><br><li><strong>Work-Life Balance:</strong> We’re committed to your well-being, with flexible vacation policies, global wellness days, and paid volunteer time off. We care about your personal and professional growth, too, with generous development funds.</li><br></ul><br><p><strong>Perks and Benefits:</strong></p><br><ul><br><li>100% remote opportunity (we have 4 office locations for hybrid/onsite work preference in NY, SF, LA and Chicago)</li><br><li>Competitive salary and equity options</li><br><li>Comprehensive health benefits (medical, dental, vision) &amp; workplace perks (home office set up stipend etc)</li><br><li>Generous 401k matching</li><br><li>Flexible vacation policy&nbsp;</li><br><li>Paid parental leave (4+ months)</li><br><li>Family planning support</li><br><li>Paid volunteer time off</li><br></ul><br><p>#LI-AS1</p><br><p><strong>&nbsp;</strong></p></div><div class="job__pay-ranges"><div class="pay-range"><div class="description"><div class="body"><span><p><strong>Pay Transparency:</strong></p><br><p>This job posting may span more than one career level.</p><br><p>In addition to base salary, this job is eligible to receive equity in the form of restricted stock units, and depending on the position offered, it may also be eligible to receive a commission. Additionally, Reddit offers a wide range of benefits to U.S.-based employees, including medical, dental, and vision insurance, 401(k) program with employer match, generous time off for vacation, and parental leave. To learn more, please visit <a href="https://www.redditinc.com/careers/">https://www.redditinc.com/careers/</a>.</p><br><p>To provide greater transparency to candidates, we share base pay ranges for all US-based job postings regardless of state. We set standard base pay ranges for all roles based on function, level, and country location, benchmarked against similar stage growth companies. Final offer amounts are determined by multiple factors including, skills, depth of work experience and relevant licenses/credentials, and may vary from the amounts listed below.</p></span></div></div><p class="body body--medium">The base pay range for this position is:</p><p class="body">$217,000 - $303,900 USD</p></div></div><div><p>In select roles and locations, the interviews will be recorded, transcribed and summarized by artificial intelligence (AI). You will have the opportunity to opt out of recording, transcription and summarization prior to any scheduled interviews.</p><br><p><span>During the interview, we will collect the following categories of personal information: Identifiers, Professional and Employment-Related Information, Sensory Information (audio/video recording), and any other categories of personal information you choose to share with us. We will use this information to evaluate your application for employment or an independent contractor role, as applicable.&nbsp; We will not sell your personal information or disclose it to any third party for their marketing purposes.&nbsp; We will delete any recording of your interview promptly after making a hiring decision.&nbsp; For more information about how we will handle your personal information, including our retention of it, please refer to our <a href="https://redditinc.com/policies/candidate-privacy-policy">Candidate Privacy Policy for Potential Employees and Contractors</a>.</span></p><br><p><em><span>Reddit is proud to be an equal opportunity employer, and is committed to building a workforce representative of the diverse communities we serve.&nbsp; Reddit is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in our job application procedures. If, due to a disability, you need an accommodation during the interview process, please let your recruiter know.</span></em></p></div></div>

<p><strong>To apply:</strong> <a href="https://weworkremotely.com/remote-jobs/reddit-staff-product-manager-ads-marketplace-searcher-monetization">https://weworkremotely.com/remote-jobs/reddit-staff-product-manager-ads-marketplace-searcher-monetization</a></p>