<div class="content-intro"><p><span style="font-weight: 400;">At Ripple, we’re building a world where value moves like information does today. It’s big, it’s bold, and we’re already doing it. Through our crypto solutions for financial institutions, businesses, governments and developers, we are improving the global financial system and creating greater economic fairness and opportunity for more people, in more places around the world. And we get to do the best work of our career and grow our skills surrounded by colleagues who have our backs.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">If you’re ready to see your impact and unlock incredible career growth opportunities, join us, and build real world value.</span></p></div><h1><strong>THE WORK:</strong></h1>
<p>RippleX is dedicated to empowering the builders of tomorrow on the XRP Ledger (XRPL), one of the world’s fastest and most reliable public blockchains. We believe in democratizing the digital economy by providing practical support, empowering a community of developers, and offering the expertise of a visionary technology company.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>The XRPL is a decentralized, public blockchain led by a global community of businesses and developers looking to solve problems and create value. Proven reliable over more than a decade of operation and closing over 100 million ledgers, the XRPL offers streamlined development, low transaction costs, high performance, and sustainability.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>We are seeking ambitious engineering managers who share our vision and possess technical excellence to lead teams in advancing XRPL's core architecture and enabling developer contributions.</p>
<h1><strong>WHAT YOU'LL DO:</strong></h1>
<ul>
<li>Provide technical and strategic leadership for RippleX's blockchain software, ensuring scalability and reliability.</li>
<li>Develop and deliver roadmaps, driving technical and operational excellence.</li>
<li>Mentor team members for professional and technical growth, while providing hands-on leadership.</li>
<li>Establish and encourage engineering standard processes, collaborating with partners across Ripple and in the XRPL community.</li>
<li>Implement agile processes for innovation and incremental objectives.</li>
<li>Translate technical concepts for various audiences including engineers, business and technical leaders.</li>
<li>Scale the team by attracting and mentoring leaders and engineers of varying experience levels.</li>
<li>Recruit outstanding engineers, in collaboration with Ripple’s recruiting team.</li>
</ul>
<h1><strong>WHAT YOU'LL BRING:</strong></h1>
<ul>
<li>10+ years of software development leadership experience, leading strong engineering teams.</li>
<li>You are both a people leader and a technical leader.</li>
<li>Proficient in building highly scalable and reliable distributed systems in C++.</li>
<li>Experienced in developing open-source software and contributing to collaborative blockchain communities.</li>
<li>Collaborative approach with eagerness to share knowledge and work openly with diverse teams.</li>
<li>Technical domain expert providing leadership and expertise to growing engineering teams.</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><hr>
<p><strong>WHO WE ARE:</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Do Your Best Work</span></p>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">The opportunity to build in a fast-paced start-up environment with experienced industry leaders</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">A learning environment where you can dive deep into the latest technologies and make an impact.&nbsp; A professional development budget to support other modes of learning.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Thrive in an environment where no matter what race, ethnicity, gender, origin, or culture they identify with, every employee is a respected, valued, and empowered part of the team.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">In-office collaboration for moments that matter is important to our culture, and we give managers and teams the flexibility to decide which 10+ days a month they come in.&nbsp;</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Bi-weekly all-company meeting - business updates and ask me anything style discussion with our Leadership Team</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">We come together for moments that matter which include team offsites, team bonding activities, happy hours and more!</span></li>
</ul>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Take Control of Your Finances</span></p>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Competitive salary, bonuses, and equity</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Competitive benefits that cover physical and mental healthcare, retirement, family forming, and family support</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Employee giving match</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Mobile phone stipend</span></li>
</ul>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Take Care of Yourself</span></p>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">R&amp;R days so you can rest and recharge</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Generous wellness reimbursement and weekly onsite &amp; virtual programming</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Generous vacation policy - work with your manager to take time off when you need it</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Industry-leading parental leave policies. Family planning benefits.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Catered lunches, fully-stocked kitchens with premium snacks/beverages, and plenty of fun events</span></li>
</ul>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;"><em data-stringify-type="italic">Benefits listed above are for full-time employees.&nbsp;</em></span></p>
<hr>
<div><em>Ripple is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We’re committed to building a diverse and inclusive team. We do not discriminate against qualified employees or applicants because of race, color, religion, gender identity, sex, sexual identity, pregnancy, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, marital status, physical disability, mental disability, medical condition, military status, or any other characteristic protected by local law or ordinance.</em></div>
<div>&nbsp;</div>
<div><em>Please find our <a href="https://ripple.com/legal/eu-privacy-notice/" target="\_blank">UK/EU Applicant Privacy Notice </a>and our <a href="https://ripple.com/legal/ca-applicant-privacy-notice/" target="\_blank">California Applicant Privacy Notice</a> for reference.</em></div>
<div><hr></div></div>