<div class="content-intro"><p>ZoomInfo is where careers accelerate. We move fast, think boldly, and empower you to do the best work of your life. You’ll be surrounded by teammates who care deeply, challenge each other, and celebrate wins. With tools that amplify your impact and a culture that backs your ambition, you won’t just contribute. You’ll make things happen–fast.</p></div><p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> rapidly growing and looking to add talented and passionate people to our Sales Development team!&nbsp; You’ll get world-class training while surrounded by incredible coworkers and leaders who have a vested interest in seeing you thrive. If you’re interested in a career in the exciting world of software sales and seeing the fruits of your labor set the foundation for a promising career, read on!</span></p>
<p><strong>What You Will Do:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Engage and qualify inbound leads to create a pipeline for Account Executives</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Articulate the ZoomInfo value proposition by educating prospective leads on our full suite of solutions</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Focus on the value that ZoomInfo brings to an organization vs. just the technical functionality by understanding the pain points that prospective customers are currently experiencing among their Sales, Marketing, Operations and Recruiting teams</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Collaborate with Account Executives to identify new sales opportunities</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Create trust and credibility with both internal and external stakeholders</span></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>What You Bring:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">To communicate in a clear and compelling manner with a friendly demeanor</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">The ability to articulate value and determine what is important to people</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Interest in sales and a desire to succeed&nbsp;</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">To be a quick learner with an ability to solve problems</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;">Dependability, resourcefulness, resiliency and creativity</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>About us:</strong>&nbsp;</p>
<p>ZoomInfo (NASDAQ: GTM) is the Go-To-Market Intelligence Platform that empowers businesses to grow faster with AI-ready insights, trusted data, and advanced automation. Its solutions provide more than 35,000 companies worldwide with a complete view of their customers, making every seller their best seller.</p>
<p>ZoomInfo is committed to protecting your privacy when you apply for jobs with us. Please review our Job Applicant <a href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1yiG-k0YX\_sW10PiJk\_xliDc3W-veJCrK/view?usp=drive\_link">Privacy Notice</a> for more details on how we handle your personal information.</p>
<p>ZoomInfo may use a software-based assessment as part of the recruitment process. More information about this tool, including the results of the most recent bias audit, is available <a href="https://www.zoominfo.com/legal/nyc-local-law-144-notice">here</a>.</p>
<p>ZoomInfo is proud to be an equal opportunity employer, hiring based on qualifications, merit, and business needs, and does not discriminate based on protected status. We welcome all applicants and are committed to providing equal employment opportunities regardless of sex, race, age, color, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, disability status, religion, protected military or veteran status, medical condition, or any other characteristic protected by applicable law. We also consider qualified candidates with criminal histories in accordance with legal requirements.</p>
<p>For Massachusetts Applicants: It is unlawful in Massachusetts to require or administer a lie detector test as a condition of employment or continued employment. An employer who violates this law shall be subject to criminal penalties and civil liability. ZoomInfo does not administer lie detector tests to applicants in any location.</p></div>