<div class="content-intro"><p>Figma is growing our team of passionate creatives and builders on a mission to make design accessible to all. Figma’s platform helps teams bring ideas to life—whether you're brainstorming, creating a prototype, translating designs into code, or iterating with AI. From idea to product, Figma empowers teams to streamline workflows, move faster, and work together in real time from anywhere in the world. If you're excited to shape the future of design and collaboration, join us!</p></div><p>The Production Engineering team focuses on end-to-end reliability, durability, scalability, and performance of Figma products and services. We’re looking for an experienced Engineer to scale and drive the initiatives and programs that support Figma’s production engineering efforts, allowing our product teams to rapidly deliver new features. This is a critical part of success for both our ability to build new products and features, support the growth of our user base, and enable innovation for all engineering (infrastructure and product teams, alike).&nbsp;</p>
<p>We’re looking for a generalist with a strong grasp of Computer Science fundamentals. The ideal candidate will have experience building and running complex large scale services. Additionally, they will have a passion for building tools that simplify operating large-scale infrastructure and for improving the operational maturity of Figma.</p>
<h4><strong>What you'll do at Figma:</strong></h4>
<ul>
<li>Work closely with the engineering team to define standard methodologies and goals around reliability, durability, scalability, and performance&nbsp;</li>
<li>Address common operational challenges through better telemetry and by building tools / services</li>
<li>Debug production issues across services and levels of the stack</li>
<li>Participate in design reviews and production reviews for new features, products or infrastructure components</li>
<li>Plan for the growth of Figma’s infrastructure</li>
<li>Operate and maintain AWS Infrastructure</li>
</ul>
<h4><strong>We’d love to hear from you if you have:</strong></h4>
<ul>
<li>Have 5+ years of experience operating infrastructure components / services at scale. You have a proven grasp of Computer Science fundamentals and have a strong interest in distributed systems</li>
<li>Have experience managing infrastructure services in AWS, Microsoft Azure or Google Cloud</li>
<li>Demonstrated unwavering commitment to operational security and best practices</li>
<li>Have a track record for being able to diagnose problems within complex systems</li>
</ul>
<h4><strong>While it’s not required, it’s an added plus if you also have:</strong></h4>
<ul>
<li>Have excellent problem solving skills and technical communication skills. You use a systematic and thorough approach. You think from first principles and have a bias for action. Are driven by impact. You are willing to work on grungy problems if they have a high impact on the business or the health of the infrastructure</li>
<li>Care deeply about the quality of the software / systems you build. You have an artisan mentality and are always looking to improve your craft. At the same time you are able to strike the right balance between idealism and pragmatism</li>
<li>Finally, Figma is a close-knit company with a strong culture that promotes inclusivity and collaboration, taking ambitious goals and having fun doing so. You deeply value these traits and see yourself actively contributing to it</li>
</ul>
<p>At Figma, one of our values is Grow as you go. We believe in hiring smart, curious people who are excited to learn and develop their skills. If you’re excited about this role but your past experience doesn’t align perfectly with the points outlined in the job description, we encourage you to apply anyways. You may be just the right candidate for this or other roles.</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p>At Figma we celebrate and support our differences. We know employing a team rich in diverse thoughts, experiences, and opinions allows our employees, our product and our community to flourish. Figma is an <a href="https://www.eeoc.gov/sites/default/files/2022-10/EEOC\_KnowYourRights\_screen\_reader\_10\_20.pdf">equal opportunity workplace</a> - we are dedicated to equal employment opportunities regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity/expression, veteran status<strong>, </strong>or any other characteristic protected by law. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements.</p>
<p>We will work to ensure individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to apply for a role, participate in the interview process, perform essential job functions, and receive other benefits and privileges of employment. If you require accommodation, please reach out to <a href="mailto:accommodations-ext@figma.com">accommodations-ext@figma.com</a>. These modifications enable an individual with a disability to have an equal opportunity not only to get a job, but successfully perform their job tasks to the same extent as people without disabilities.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Examples of accommodations include but are not limited to:&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>Holding interviews in an accessible location</li>
<li>Enabling closed captioning on video conferencing</li>
<li>Ensuring all written communication be compatible with screen readers</li>
<li>Changing the mode or format of interviews&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p>To ensure the integrity of our hiring process and facilitate a more personal connection, we require all candidates keep their cameras on during video interviews. Additionally, if hired you will be required to attend in person onboarding.</p>
<p>By applying for this job, the candidate acknowledges and agrees that any personal data contained in their application or supporting materials will be processed in accordance with <a class="c-link c-link--underline" href="https://www.figma.com/legal/candidate-privacy-notice/" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://www.figma.com/legal/candidate-privacy-notice/" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">Figma's Candidate Privacy Notice</a>.</p></div>