## About tonies:

tonies is the world’s largest interactive audio platform for children with around 7.8 million Tonieboxes and more than 95 million Tonie figurines sold. The intuitive and award-winning audio system has changed the way young children play and learn independently with its child-safe, wireless, and screen-free approach. Tonieboxes have been activated in over 100 countries, the content portfolio includes more than 1,100 Tonies figurines in several languages. Since its inception, tonies has achieved significant milestones, including listing on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange in November 2021 as well as a globally present team of over 550 dedicated professionals operating from various countries.<br><br>Joining our tonies team means being part of an inspiring mission to create innovative and meaningful experiences for children around the world. Together, we’re shaping the future of play, learning, and imagination.<br><br><p style="line-height:1.38;margin-top:0pt;margin-bottom:0pt;"><br></p>

## You as part of tonies:

<span style="font-size:14px;font-family:Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;color:rgb(29,28,29);background-color:transparent;font-weight:700;font-style:normal;text-decoration:none;">Overview</span><p style="line-height:1.3800000000000001;margin-top:12pt;margin-bottom:12pt;"><span style="font-size:14px;font-family:Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;color:rgb(0,0,0);background-color:transparent;font-weight:400;font-style:normal;text-decoration:none;">At Tonies, we’re on a mission to bring the magic of audio to children everywhere. To support our rapid growth, we’re looking for a Sales &amp; Demand Planner</span><span style="font-family:Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;font-size:14px;"><strong>, </strong></span><span style="font-size:14px;font-family:Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;">you will be the driving force behind our strategic sales forecasting and inventory optimization. In this role, you will be responsible for building, refining, and executing demand plans for the UK market. This unique opportunity empowers you to own the demand planning strategy and operations — from developing precise sales forecasts to optimizing inventory levels — guaranteeing product availability, cost efficiency, and scalability. This position directly impacts on our commercial success and contributes significantly to operational excellence in the UK market. This role demands a hands-on professional who can not only manage daily planning activities but also drive continuous improvement and ensure seamless collaboration across all functional interfaces, guaranteeing operational readiness and outstanding customer satisfaction.</span></p>

## Your tasks and responsibilities will include:

<ul><li><strong>Sales &amp; Demand  Forecasting:</strong><ul><li>Develop and maintain accurate statistical sales forecasts at various levels of aggregation (SKU, product family, customer) using historical data, market intelligence, promotional plans, and input from sales and marketing teams.</li><li>Translate sales forecasts into actionable demand plans for production and inventory management.</li><li>Collaborate with Sales and Marketing to incorporate new product introductions, promotions, and seasonality into the demand plan.</li><li>Monitor and analyze market trends, competitor activities, and economic factors that may impact demand.</li><li>Work closely with the supply chain and production teams to ensure alignment between demand plans and operational capabilities.</li><li>Manage product lifecycles, including planning for new product launches, discontinuations, and end-of-life inventory.</li></ul></li><li><strong>Inventory:</strong><ul><li>Maintain optimal inventory levels to support sales targets while minimizing carrying costs and obsolescence.</li><li>Monitor inventory performance, identify potential stock-outs or excess inventory, and propose solutions.</li><li>Collaborate with procurement and logistics to ensure timely availability of materials and finished goods.</li></ul></li><li><strong>Reporting &amp; Analysis:</strong><ul><li>Generate regular reports on forecast accuracy, inventory levels, sales performance, and other key planning metrics.</li><li>Conduct ad-hoc analysis to support business decisions and identify opportunities for improvement.</li><li>Analyze forecast accuracy and identify root causes of significant variances, implementing corrective actions and continuous improvement initiatives.</li></ul></li></ul>

## What we are looking for:

<ul><li>Bachelor's degree in Supply Chain Management, Business Administration, Economics, Statistics, or a related field.</li><li>Significant experience in demand planning &amp; sales forecasting, preferably within the consumer product industry.</li><li>Strong analytical and quantitative skills with the ability to interpret complex data and make informed decisions.</li><li>Proficiency in advanced Excel (e.g., pivot tables, VLOOKUPs, data analysis tools).</li><li>Experience with ERP/MRP systems (e.g., SAP, Microsoft BC) and demand planning software.</li><li>Excellent communication, interpersonal, and presentation skills.</li><li>Strong problem-solving abilities and attention to detail.</li></ul>

## Why tonies?

<strong>Flexibility</strong> – Hybrid working with two days in the London office (fixed days - Tuesdays and Thursdays), up to 30 days working abroad, and Summer Hours (June-August)..<br><br><strong>Time Away</strong> – 30 days annual leave + bank holidays, paid sick leave, bereavement leave, volunteering day plus bank holiday swaps and more.<br><br><strong>Health &amp; Wellbeing</strong> – Private medical insurance via Vitality, mental health support with our Employee Assistance Program, life assurance (4x salary), free Calm subscription, Specsavers eye test voucher, lunch on Tasty Tuesday and more. <br><br><strong>Financial &amp; Career Growth</strong> – Competitive salary, pension match up to 4%, £200 learning &amp; development budget, and Babbel subscription.<br><br><strong>Family &amp; Lifestyle Perks</strong> – Enhanced maternity &amp; paternity leave, Tonies gifts for major life events, and exclusive staff discounts.<br>Equity and Diversity<br><br>At tonies, we’re passionate about sparking imagination and joy in childhood—and that same energy drives how we build our team. We believe everyone should feel empowered to grow, contribute, and thrive, both at work and in life. That’s why it’s important for tonies to create an environment where all voices are heard, valued and respected, regardless of background or experience. Our stories, content, I&amp;D Champion Group and tonies team are shaped by a wide range of perspectives, and we actively seek out individuals who bring fresh ideas and unique experiences to the table.<br>Tonies is committed to fostering an inclusive and accessible experience for all candidates. If you need any accommodations to support you during the recruitment process, please contact your Recruitment Partner. <br><br>The Recruitment Process  <br><ul><li>Intro call with the People &amp; Culture talent team </li><li>Virtual call with the Hiring Manager </li><li>Case study interview</li><li>Final stage with general manager<br> </li></ul>Ready to join us? Apply today to help us create joyful moments for children and families worldwide.