<p>
  <strong>Headquarters:</strong> Kent
</p>

<div class="job-details_jobDescription__1dErB job-details_jobSection__1snwj"><div> <p><strong>A Marketplace on a Mission to the Moon…</strong></p> <p>We are working with an exciting business on a mission to put themselves at the forefront of digital marketplace consumer services. To rival the corporate, and to put the little people - the merchant and the consumer - at the forefront of business success.</p> <p>Having recently been named as Europe's fastest growing ecommerce company by the financial times and having accumulated many accolades from the tech and marketplace industries, the company is ready to scale. </p> <p>Come and join as the company take their marketplace to a global market. </p> <p><strong>Senior DevOps Engineer</strong></p> <p>A crucial role in streamlining software delivery pipelines, enhancing reliability, performance and scalability of systems, and driving continuous improvement across the software lifecycle.</p> <p>There are no passengers in this engineering team, everyone contributes and makes an impact. Your contribution will be significant and will help the ship run smoothly and reach further.</p> <p><strong>What will make you a success in this role?</strong></p> <p>You will need to be experienced, or at least comfortable with, working in a start-up style environment; fast moving, fast thinking, and willing to roll up your sleeves and get stuck in!</p> <ul> <li>Senior level technical capability with strong problem solving skills.</li><li>Proven experience with GCP as either a DevOps Engineer or SRE.</li><li>A good depth of experience using Terraform and Ansible.</li><li>A strong knowledge of Kubernetes cluster, building containers, deploying via CI/CD pipelines.</li><li>Able to think commercially i.e. cost of scaling vs utilisation of existing infrastructure. </li></ul> <p><strong>Beneficial Experience</strong></p> <ul> <li>Knowledge of Nginx, PHP, MySQL.</li><li>Knowledge of NoSQL solutions, RabbitMQ, SOLR, Couchbase.</li><li>Good understanding of Networking concepts and solutions.</li><li>Ability to work with, devise, and implement CI/CD pipelines and practices.</li><li>A solid understanding of networking concepts, technologies, and protocols (TCP/IP, IPSec, HTTPS, DNS).</li></ul> <p>The company have a remote first working practice so this position is available on a remote working basis. If you prefer working in an office with a team of people, they have a fully kitted, modern office based near Bournemouth in Dorset. You're welcome as  often as you like.</p> <p>Salary, approx. £75,000 - £90,000 + benefits, remote working, generous benefits</p> <p>Hit apply to upload your CV or contact Tom Rayner at Spectrum IT Recruitment for more info.</p> <p>Spectrum IT Recruitment (South) Limited is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy.</p> </div></div>

<p><strong>To apply:</strong> <a href="https://weworkremotely.com/remote-jobs/spectrum-it-recruitment-senior-gcp-devops-engineer">https://weworkremotely.com/remote-jobs/spectrum-it-recruitment-senior-gcp-devops-engineer</a></p>