<div class="content-intro"><div>firsthand supports individuals living with SMI (serious mental illness). Our holistic approach includes a team of peer recovery specialists, benefits specialists and clinicians. Our teams focus on meeting each individual where they are and walking with them side by side as a trusted guide and partner on their journey to better health.</div>
<div>&nbsp;</div>
<div>firsthand's team members use their lived experience to build trust with these individuals and support them in reconnecting to the healthcare they need, while minimizing inappropriate healthcare utilization. Together with our health plan partners, we are changing the way our society supports those most impacted by SMI.</div>
<div>&nbsp;</div>
<div>We are cultivating a team of deeply passionate problem-solvers to tackle significant and complex healthcare challenges with us. This is more than a job—it's a calling. Every day, you will engage in work that resonates with purpose, gain wisdom from motivated colleagues, and thrive in an environment that celebrates continuous learning, creativity, and fun.</div>
<div>&nbsp;</div></div><p><strong>Who We Are</strong></p>
<p><strong>first</strong>hand is changing the way individuals living with Serious Mental Illness (SMI) get care. We are focusing on delivering real outcomes for a cohort that has historically been underserved, stigmatized, and deprioritized. By building a service focused on whole-person care, <strong>first</strong>hand aims to find, establish a trusting relationship with, and support quality care for individuals living with complex experiences of SMI. <strong>first</strong>hand’s high-touch model will dramatically improve the health and outcomes of its engaged individuals, driving down the utilization of high-cost care while also helping individuals enroll in eligible federal, state, and municipal benefits. Most importantly, our goal is to be the trusted guide, partner, and first call for individuals we serve, guiding them to a life of stability and independence.</p>
<p>In doing so, we will not only improve lives, but also improve the economics for managed care plans and states responsible for providing care to this community. This enables us to build solutions that scale and, as a result, change the way our society supports those most impacted by serious mental illness.</p>
<p>We are building a team of deeply passionate problem-solvers who are courageous enough to take on one of the country’s most challenging healthcare problems. Those who are up for the task will be rewarded with deeply mission-oriented workdays, mentorship from a similarly motivated team, and a voice at the table in the earliest stages of business building.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Position Overview</strong></p>
<p>The Vice President, Central Operations is a high-impact, mission driven leader responsible for the design, implementation, and operational and clinical performance of the firsthand care model across our centralized services. The role will be a significant contributor to designing, implementing and leading our central care teams, which includes multiple service lines serving all of our markets across the country.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Specifically, this leader will lead all shared services today – with significant room to change and evolve as firsthand grows and evolves. To start, this will include our Support Operations (billing, coding, benefits support, medical records, and clinical documentation integrity), our Central Operations (which includes our virtual outreach and engagement teams), while also leading the design, development and execution of multiple new national service lines, such as 24/7 triage, centralized consult services, and more.&nbsp;</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Job Specifics</strong></p>
<p><strong>As VP, Central Operations, your responsibilities will include:</strong>&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>Lead the strategy, performance and execution of all centralized operational functions to enable our care model performance, as well as our multi-market expansion</li>
<li>Establish KPIs, dashboards, and performance framework to drive strong processes with operational visibility across the company and our community operations&nbsp;</li>
<li>Design multiple new processes that will launch at a national scale across engagement and care model; will lead the process through from design/ideation to implementation to ongoing execution and oversight&nbsp;</li>
<li>Lead the operational strategy and execution of multiple value drivers across our business (such as benefits support &amp; accurate clinical documentation), as well as as HEDIs and total cost of care interventions&nbsp;</li>
<li>Report directly to the COO and partner with a clinical dyad partner (Sr. Director of Central Clinical Programs), while meaningfully collaborating with community operators and support teams across the org&nbsp;</li>
<li>Lead, mentor and actively develop leaders across the central operations team, as well as acting as an informal leader and partner to leaders in community operations&nbsp;</li>
<li>Galvanize and foster a high-performing, inclusive, and supportive employee culture, driven by and visibly embodying the firsthand values</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>The experience you bring to this role includes:</strong><strong><br></strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Significant experience (7-10+ years) in healthcare leadership roles, preferably in a high-growth, high-complexity organization with rapid scale</li>
<li>Deep understanding of value based economics and operations to ensure our centralized processes deliver value across multiple risk-bearing contracts&nbsp;</li>
<li>Experience leading in a clinical-operational dyad model</li>
<li>Proven track record designing and scaling new clinical and operational processes, preferably in a start-up environment&nbsp;</li>
<li>Deep understanding of value-based care, Medicaid, and the behavioral health ecosystem (SMI/SUD)</li>
<li>Exceptional leadership presence, executive communication skills, and the ability to inspire and manage large, cross-functional teams</li>
<li>A passion for serving individuals living with SMI</li>
</ul><div class="content-pay-transparency"><div class="pay-input"><div class="title">Base salary range:</div><div class="pay-range"><span>$215,000</span><span class="divider">&mdash;</span><span>$215,000 USD</span></div></div></div><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>We firmly believe that great candidates for this role may not meet 100% of the criteria listed in this posting. We encourage you to apply anyway - we look forward to begin getting to know you.</strong></p>
<p><strong>Benefits<br></strong>For full-time employees, our compensation package includes base, equity (or a special incentive program for clinical roles) and performance bonus potential. Our benefits include physical and mental health, dental, vision, 401(k) with a match, 16 weeks parental leave for either parent, 15 days/year vacation in your first year (this increases to 20 days/year in your second year and beyond), and a supportive and inclusive culture.</p>
<div><strong>Vaccination Policy</strong></div>
<div>Employment with firsthand is contingent upon attesting to medical clearance requirements, which include, but may not be limited to: evidence of vaccination for/immunity to COVID-19, Hepatitis B, Influenza, MMR, Chickenpox, Tetanus and Diphtheria. All employees of firsthand are required to receive these vaccinations on a cadence/frequency as advised by the CDC, whereas not otherwise prohibited by state law.</div>
<div>New hires may submit for consideration a request to be exempted from these requirements (based on a valid religious or medical reason) via forms provided by firsthand. Such requests will be subject to review and approval by the Company, and exemptions will be granted only if the Company can provide a reasonable accommodation in relation to the requested exemption. Note that approvals for reasonable accommodations are reviewed and approved on a case-by-case basis and availability of a reasonable accommodation is not guaranteed.</div>
<div>&nbsp;</div>
<div><em>Unfortunately, we are not able to offer sponsorship at this time.</em></div>
<div>&nbsp;</div>
<div><em>firsthand Health will only contact candidates from email addresses ending in <strong>@</strong><strong><a href="http://firsthandcares.com" target="\_blank">firsthandcares.com</a></strong>. Any communication from another domain claiming to represent firsthand is fraudulent. We will never ask for payment or sensitive financial information during the hiring process. If you receive suspicious outreach, please do not respond.</em></div>
<p>&nbsp;</p></div>