<div class="content-intro"><h2><strong>About Starburst</strong></h2>
<p>Starburst is the data platform for analytics, applications, and AI, unifying data across clouds and on-premises to accelerate AI innovation. Organizations—from startups to Fortune 500 enterprises in 60+ countries—rely on Starburst for fast data access, seamless collaboration, and enterprise-grade governance on an open hybrid data lakehouse. Wherever data lives, Starburst unlocks its full potential, powering data and AI from development to deployment. By future-proofing data architecture, Starburst helps businesses fuel innovation with AI.</p></div><p><strong>As a Technical Engagement Manager at Starburst you will:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Establish trust and credibility by demonstrating <strong>Data &amp; AI industry knowledge</strong>, understanding of the buyer's organization, and a track record of successful engagements.</li>
<li>Build and nurture strong relationships with the champion, who serves as the internal advocate for the engagement within the customer organization.</li>
<li>Offer support and guidance to the champion throughout the engagement process, helping them navigate internal processes and mobilize resources as needed.</li>
<li>Proactively address concerns and objections raised by other stakeholders, leveraging insights from the champion and executive buyer to overcome obstacles and drive alignment.</li>
<li>Solicit feedback from other stakeholders throughout the engagement process, incorporating their input to enhance service delivery and customer satisfaction.</li>
<li>Collaborate with sales teams to understand customer needs and objectives to identify new use cases and/or adoption opportunities.</li>
<li>Drive adoption of Starburst culminating in the Customer reaching its success criteria.</li>
<li>Partner with internal teams, including architects, engineers, and project managers, to ensure successful delivery of services.</li>
<li>Serve as one of the primary points of contact for customers throughout the engagement lifecycle.</li>
<li>Monitor and report on key performance indicators (KPIs) to track the success of engagements.</li>
<li>Drive continuous improvement in processes and methodologies to enhance customer satisfaction and project delivery efficiency.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Some of the things we look for:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Bachelor's degree in business, technology, or a related field.</li>
<li>Deep understanding of data architecture principles, including data modeling, data integration, and data warehousing.</li>
<li>Proficiency in SQL and experience with distributed query engines (e.g., Presto, Trino, Apache Spark).</li>
<li>Strong problem-solving skills and the ability to think strategically about business challenges and technical solutions.</li>
<li>Proven track record of successfully managing customer engagements and delivering business outcomes.</li>
<li>Excellent communication and interpersonal skills, with the ability to build strong relationships with customers and internal teams.</li>
<li>Experience with cloud platforms (e.g., AWS, Azure, Google Cloud) and containerization technologies (e.g., Docker, Kubernetes) is a plus.</li>
<li>Ability to thrive in a fast-paced, dynamic environment and manage multiple priorities effectively.</li>
<li>Fluency in both French and English.</li>
</ul>
<div class="MuiGrid-root grid\_\_StyledMuiGrid-fpUaVg itZaVt MuiGrid-item" data-birch="Grid">
<div class="MuiGrid-root grid\_\_StyledMuiGrid-fpUaVg itZaVt sc-fffiAB lfngik MuiGrid-item" data-birch="Grid">&nbsp;</div>
</div>
<ul>
<li><strong>Ability to Travel</strong>: This role will require 25% in-person travel for purposes including but not limited to new hire onboarding, team and department offsites, customer engagements, and other company events. Actual travel expectations may vary by role and business needs.</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><h2><strong>Build your career at Starburst</strong></h2>
<p>All-Stars have the opportunity and freedom to realize their true potential. By building alongside top talent, we’re empowered to take ownership of our careers and drive meaningful change. Anchored in industry-proven technology and unprecedented success, All-Stars are taking on the challenge everyday to disrupt our industry – &nbsp;and the future.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Our global workforce is supported by a competitive Total Rewards program that reflects our commitment to a rewarding and supportive work environment. This includes a variety of benefits like competitive pay, attractive stock grants, flexible paid time off, and more.&nbsp;</p>
<p>We are committed to fostering an intentional, inclusive, and diverse culture that drives deep engagement, authentic belonging, and an exceptional All-Star experience. We believe that diversity of thought, perspective, background and experience will enable us to own what we do, drive our success and empower our All-Stars to show up authentically.</p>
<p>Starburst provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any type without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state<br>&nbsp;or local laws.</p></div>