<h2><strong>Who we are</strong></h2>
<div>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">Helsing is a defence AI company. Our mission is to protect our democracies. We aim to achieve technological leadership, so that open societies can continue to make sovereign decisions and control their ethical standards.</span><span data-ccp-props="{">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">As democracies, we believe we have a special responsibility to be thoughtful about the development and deployment of powerful technologies like AI. We take this responsibility seriously.</span><span data-ccp-props="{">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span data-contrast="none">We are an ambitious and committed team of engineers, AI specialists and customer-facing programme managers.<span data-contrast="auto">&nbsp;We are looking for mission-driven people to join our European teams – and apply their skills to solve the most complex and impactful problems. We embrace an open and transparent culture that welcomes healthy debates on the use of technology in defence, its benefits, and its ethical implications.</span><span data-ccp-props="{">&nbsp;</span></span></p>
</div>
<h2><strong>The role</strong></h2>
<div>
<p>The Production Engineer in the&nbsp;mechatronic systems area&nbsp;plays a pivotal role in optimising production processes, ensuring the highest standards of quality, efficiency, and compliance for&nbsp;mechatronic systems, assemblies and components. This position focuses on the practical application of engineering principles to the factory floor, collaborating across multidisciplinary teams to bring innovative designs to fruition and maintain seamless operations.</p>
</div>
<h2>The day-to-day</h2>
<ul>
<li>
<p>&nbsp;Develop, evaluate, and continuously improve manufacturing processes to enhance efficiency, quality, and cost-effectiveness</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Drive the setup and launch of a new mechatronic assembly line in collaboration with cross-functional teams</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Design and implement manufacturing tools, equipment, and procedures, ensuring optimal workflow and equipment layout</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Collaborate closely with design, production, and quality teams to ensure the manufacturability of new products and adherence to specifications</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Support new product introductions (NPI) by developing production plans and assisting with prototypes</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Analyse production data to identify trends, address issues, and recommend process improvements</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Conduct root cause analysis for manufacturing issues and implement effective corrective actions to prevent recurrence</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Prepare and maintain detailed manufacturing documentation, including work instructions, routings, process specifications, and technical reports</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Apply Lean Manufacturing principles and Six Sigma methodologies to eliminate waste, improve productivity, and drive continuous improvement initiatives</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Provide technical guidance and support to the production team</p>
</li>
</ul>
<h2 id="You’ll-do-great-if-you….3" data-renderer-start-pos="15247"><strong>You should apply if you</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>
<p>Bachelor's degree in Manufacturing Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, or a closely related field from an accredited institution</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>2-3+ years of experience in manufacturing engineering, preferably within the maritime or defence industry</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Proficiency with CAD software (e.g., SolidWorks, CATIA, NX, Inventor) for designing and modifying parts and assemblies, and creating detailed 3D models and technical drawings</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Electronic engineering AND/OR Mechanical Engineering exposure&nbsp;</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Strong understanding of maritime materials and processes, including composite materials and CNC machinery</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Knowledge of quality control standards, including statistical process control and inspection techniques</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Excellent problem-solving skills with an analytical mindset and attention to detail</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Strong verbal and written communication skills, with the ability to effectively collaborate across departments and document processes</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Familiarity with data analysis tools and manufacturing execution systems (MES)</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p><em data-renderer-mark="true"><em data-stringify-type="italic">Note: We operate in an industry where women, as well as other minority groups, are systematically</em>&nbsp;<em data-stringify-type="italic">under-represented. We encourage you to apply even if you don’t meet all the listed qualifications; ability and impact cannot be summarised in a few bullet points.</em></em></p>
<h2><strong><span data-contrast="auto">Join Helsing and work with world-leading experts in their fields</span><span data-ccp-props="{">&nbsp;</span></strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">Helsing’s work is important. You’ll be directly contributing to the protection of democratic countries while balancing both ethical and geopolitical concerns</span></p>
</li>
<li>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">The work is unique. We operate in a domain that has highly unusual technical requirements and constraints, and where robustness, safety, and ethical considerations are vital. You will face unique Engineering and AI challenges that make a meaningful impact in the world</span></p>
</li>
<li>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">Our work frequently takes us right up to the state of the art in technical innovation, be it reinforcement learning, distributed systems, generative AI, or deployment infrastructure. The defence industry is entering the most exciting phase of the technological development curve. Advances in our field of world are not incremental: Helsing is part of, and often leading, historic leaps forward</span></p>
</li>
<li>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">In our domain, success is a matter of order-of-magnitude improvements and novel capabilities. This means we take bets, aim high, and focus on big opportunities. Despite being a relatively young company, Helsing has already been selected for multiple significant government contracts</span></p>
</li>
<li>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">We actively encourage healthy, proactive, and diverse debate internally about what we do and how we choose to do it. Teams and individual engineers are trusted (and encouraged) to practise responsible autonomy and critical thinking, and to focus on outcomes, not conformity. At Helsing you will have a say in how we (and you!) work, the opportunity to engage on what does and doesn’t work, and to take ownership of aspects of our culture that you care deeply about</span></p>
</li>
</ul>
<h2 id="What-we-offer" data-renderer-start-pos="3238"><span id="6afa48f9-b797-428b-aa69-0bc8163b3593" data-renderer-mark="true" data-mark-type="annotation" data-mark-annotation-type="inlineComment" data-id="6afa48f9-b797-428b-aa69-0bc8163b3593">What we offer</span></h2>
<ul>
<li>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">A focus on outcomes, not time-tracking</span></p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Competitive compensation and stock options</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Relocation support</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Social and education allowances</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Regular company events and all-hands to bring together employees as one team across Europe</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>A hands-on onboarding program (affectionately labelled “Infraduction”), in which you will be building tooling and applications to be used across the company. This is your opportunity to learn our tech stack, explore the company, and learn how we get things done - all whilst working with other engineering teams from day one<span data-ccp-props="{">&nbsp;</span></p>
</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><span data-ccp-props="{"><em data-stringify-type="italic">Helsing is an equal opportunities employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, religion, sexual orientation, age, marital status, disability or gender identity. Please do not submit personal data revealing racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, trade union membership, data concerning your health, or data concerning your sexual orientation.</em></span></p><div class="content-conclusion"><div>&nbsp;</div>
<div>Helsing's Candidate Privacy and Confidentiality Regime can be found <a href="https://helsing.ai/candidate-privacy-and-confidentiality-regime/" target="\_blank">here</a>.&nbsp;</div>
<div>&nbsp;</div>
<div>&nbsp;</div></div>