<p>We are seeking a Lead Engineer to join the Cluster to Cluster Synchronization team. We are working to make the migration and recovery of MongoDB clusters easy, fast, and reliable. Data movement is a key priority for MongoDB and we use our services and tools to migrate customers from on-prem MongoDB to MongoDB's cloud service, MongoDB Atlas. This team is responsible for building scalable, performant, and low-downtime migration services such as the&nbsp;<a href="https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/import/c2c-pull-live-migration/#std-label-c2c-pull-live-migration">Atlas Live Migration</a> service, or our standalone offering, <a href="https://www.mongodb.com/docs/mongosync/current/">mongosync</a>. As a Lead Engineer you will grow and lead a team in Ireland within Cluster to Cluster Synchronization. If you're excited to design and create a high-performance distributed service for syncing databases, this is the team for you!</p>
<p>We are looking to speak to candidates who are based in Dublin for our hybrid working model.</p>
<h3>Responsibilities</h3>
<ul>
<li>Grow and lead the Cluster to Cluster Migration Services team</li>
<li>Coach engineers with various levels of experience to help them deliver successfully and grow professionally</li>
<li>Work with product managers, program managers, and other engineering teams to specify, prioritize and deliver new features that delight our users</li>
<li>Develop, maintain, and apply a deep technical understanding of mongosync and relevant details of sharding and replication in MongoDB</li>
<li>Balance your time between leading your team, mentorship, product planning and architectural design</li>
<li>Estimate task complexity, report progress, and voice risks for projects executed by the team</li>
<li>Actively participate in growing the team by hiring</li>
</ul>
<h3>Candidate Profile</h3>
<ul>
<li>2+ years of experience managing a team of 3+ engineers and providing technical leadership</li>
<li>5+ years of professional experience developing software in compiled languages (Java, Go, C#, C++, etc.)</li>
<li>Experience designing, writing, testing, and maintaining databases or distributed systems</li>
<li>Experience mentoring engineers and providing technical leadership for teams and/or projects</li>
<li>Deep interest in developing the careers of your team members and growing their leadership skills</li>
<li>Excellent verbal and written technical communication skills</li>
<li>Curiosity, willingness, and ability to quickly learn new things in the domains of computer science and software engineering</li>
</ul>
<h3>Success Measures</h3>
<ul>
<li>In three months, you have met with all of our team members and started to learn their interests, strengths and areas of expertise. You have fully onboarded to our codebase and will have contributed to the development of an ongoing project. You have started tracking and reporting your team's progress to stakeholders. You have started getting involved with planning the product roadmap</li>
<li>In six months, we're relying on you for reviewing code and new feature designs, as well as interviewing potential new hires. You have worked with each engineer reporting to you on a growth plan for them to achieve their career goals. Your team has achieved several key milestones towards delivering a fully scalable and performant verification system</li>
<li>In twelve months, you have led the team towards achieving their objectives for 2026. You have a clear understanding of the longer term roadmap and objectives and how to accomplish them with your team. You have established your role as a leader in the organization such that team members naturally go to you for guidance. You are comfortable collaborating across the organization to plan projects and achieve your team's goals</li>
</ul>
<p>About MongoDB<br>MongoDB is built for change, empowering our customers and our people to innovate at the speed of the market. We have redefined the database for the AI era, enabling innovators to create, transform, and disrupt industries with software. MongoDB’s unified database platform—the most widely available, globally distributed database on the market—helps organizations modernize legacy workloads, embrace innovation, and unleash AI. Our cloud-native platform, MongoDB Atlas, is the only globally distributed, multi-cloud database and is available across AWS, Google Cloud, and Microsoft Azure.</p>
<p>With offices worldwide and nearly 60,000 customers—including 75% of the Fortune 100 and AI-native startups—relying on MongoDB for their most important applications, we’re powering the next era of software.</p>
<p>Our compass at MongoDB is our <a href="https://www.mongodb.com/company">Leadership Commitment,</a> guiding how and why we make decisions, show up for each other, and win. It’s what makes us MongoDB.&nbsp;</p>
<p>To drive the personal growth and business impact of our employees, we’re committed to developing a supportive and enriching culture for everyone. <a href="https://www.mongodb.com/company/blog/culture/employee-benefits-that-make-a-difference-at-mongodb">From employee affinity groups, to fertility assistance and a generous parental leave policy</a>, we value our employees’ wellbeing and want to support them along every step of their professional and personal journeys.<a href="https://www.mongodb.com/blog/channel/culture"> Learn more about what it’s like to work at MongoDB</a>, and help us make an impact on the world!</p>
<p>MongoDB is committed to providing any necessary accommodations for individuals with disabilities within our application and interview process. To request an accommodation due to a disability, please inform your recruiter.</p>
<p>MongoDB is an equal opportunities employer.</p>
<p><em>Req ID: 4263299147</em></p>