<div class="content-intro"><p><strong>Secure Every Identity, from AI to Human<br><br></strong>Identity is the key to unlocking the potential of AI. Okta secures AI by building the trusted, neutral infrastructure that enables organizations to safely embrace this new era. This work requires a relentless drive to solve complex challenges with real-world stakes. We are looking for builders and owners who operate with speed and urgency and execute with excellence.<br><br>This is an opportunity to do career-defining work. We're all in on this mission. If you are too, let's talk.</p></div><p>The Israeli Solutions Engineering team are involved in all stages of the customer’s development lifecycle and are experienced using presentations, email, phone and social media to connect with customers. We are looking for great teammates who are able to work in close partnership with the sales team to progress opportunities toward successful conclusion.</p>
<p>We believe in Okta’s Solutions Engineers empathise with existing and prospective customers to quickly discern the true technical needs in the context of their business, by asking detailed and clarifying questions and presenting solutions that target those needs. You have the rare combination of technical savviness and business insight and you’re looking for a career where you can utilise both. As a Solutions Engineer at Okta, you will hone each of these skills by advising a diverse set of customers on what is possible using the Auth0 Identity Platform.</p>
<p><strong>What you’ll be doing:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Comprehensive discovery. Understanding the requirements of customers and prospects in the context of their desired business outcomes.</li>
<li>Deal progression. Working in close partnership with the sales team to progress opportunities.</li>
<li>Manage technical sales progression from discovery to technical win.</li>
<li>Building sales presentations, product demonstrations and educating customers (everyone from developers to product managers to C-level executives) on the best ways to cloud security technology.</li>
<li>Have a hands-on approach to solution validation, such as building and delivering. custom demonstrations, supporting customer-led PoCs etc.</li>
<li>Empathising with customers and quickly discern their true technical needs by asking detailed and clarifying questions and presenting solutions that target those needs.</li>
<li>Using your technical savviness and business insights. As a Sales Engineer at Okta, you will hone each of these skills by advising a diverse set of customers on what is possible using Auth0.</li>
<li>Maintain a broad and deep technical understanding of the Auth0 product line and the underlying technologies and protocols.</li>
<li>Proactive engagement in local and regional sales and marketing events</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>What you’ll bring to the role:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Experience working in a Pre-Sales role as Sales Engineer or Solutions Engineer.</li>
<li>An ability to quickly articulate complex ideas around a technical topic, ideally on the fly at a whiteboard.</li>
<li>Experience in a customer-facing role such as consulting, support, teaching, or pre-sales.</li>
<li>Experience with at least one standard identity protocol (e.g. OIDC, OAuth2, SAML, LDAP).</li>
<li>Strong development background with proficiency in at least one backend stack (e.g., Java, C#, Node.js, Python, PHP, Ruby) and a popular frontend stack (e.g., React, Angular, Vue).</li>
<li>Experience working with REST APIs and SDKs.</li>
<li>An understanding of core security concerns within a typical application (password hashing, SSL/TLS, encryption at rest, XSS, XSRF).</li>
<li>Excellent communication skills and an ability to articulate business value.</li>
<li>An ability to disperse knowledge to a highly skilled and experienced audience.</li>
<li>A natural at building relationships, listening, and managing time well.</li>
<li>Enjoy traveling and meeting customers.</li>
<li>Bonus points if you have experience in any of the following!</li>
<li>Experience with Identity &amp; Access Management, Single Sign-on and API-based solutions</li>
<li>An understanding of Agentic AI and the role that Identity plays in enforcing continuous oversight</li>
<li>Experience in mobile (iOS, Android) development</li>
<li>Experience working with HTTP, HTML, and REST services. This includes using the dev tools in a browser to explain HTTP traffic and an HTTP client (like curl or Postman) to interact with an HTTP service.</li>
</ul>
<p>The role is based in Tel Aviv and the expectation will be that you will spend 2-3 days a week either meeting with prospective customers, existing customers, or collaborating with the team in the Office.</p>
<p>#LI-Hybrid</p>
<p>#LI-JB2</p>
<p>P14647\_3354411</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong><br>The Okta Experience</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><a href="http://rewards.okta.com">Supporting Your Well-Being</a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="https://www.okta.com/company/okta-for-good/">Driving Social Impact&nbsp;</a></li>
<li><a href="https://www.okta.com/company/talent-connection-community/">Developing Talent and Fostering Connection + Community</a></li>
</ul>
<p>We are intentional about connection. Our global community, spanning over 20 offices worldwide, is united by a drive to innovate. Your journey begins with an immersive, in-person onboarding experience designed to accelerate your impact and connect you to our mission and team from day one.<br><br>Okta is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, marital status, age, physical or mental disability, or status as a protected veteran. We also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and convictions records, consistent with applicable laws.<br><br>If reasonable accommodation is needed to complete any part of the job application, interview process, or onboarding please&nbsp;<a href="https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1EfiEYZrIyhA2X4Fijk0R3RKYOzNoS3wtvyM4nhbZnXE/edit">use this Form</a> to request an accommodation.<br><br>Notice for New York City Applicants &amp; Employees: Okta may use Automated Employment Decision Tools (AEDT), as defined by New York City Local Law 144, that use artificial intelligence, machine learning, or other automated processes to assist in our recruitment and hiring process. In accordance with NYC Local Law 144, if you are an applicant or employee residing in New York City, please&nbsp;<a href="https://talent.okta.com/new-york-city-aedt-notice.html">click here</a> to view our full NYC AEDT Notice.<br><br>Okta is committed to complying with applicable data privacy and security laws and regulations. For more information, please see our Personnel and Job Candidate Privacy Notice at&nbsp;<a href="https://www.okta.com/legal/personnel-policy/">https://www.okta.com/legal/personnel-policy/</a>.</p></div>