<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Your&nbsp;Role</strong></p>
<p>Awarded&nbsp;2022’s&nbsp;Best&nbsp;Connectivity&nbsp;Solution,&nbsp;emnify&nbsp;does&nbsp;more&nbsp;than&nbsp;link&nbsp;the&nbsp;world's&nbsp;most&nbsp;cutting-edge&nbsp;devices.&nbsp;It&nbsp;is&nbsp;a&nbsp;place&nbsp;where&nbsp;curiosity&nbsp;is&nbsp;rewarded,&nbsp;collaboration&nbsp;is&nbsp;abundant,&nbsp;and&nbsp;encouraging&nbsp;others&nbsp;is&nbsp;a&nbsp;way&nbsp;of&nbsp;life.</p>
<p>We are looking for an experienced Staff Backend Software Engineer to support all of our SIM related initiatives starting with automation of our SIM ordering, provisioning and verification process till active SIM-lifecycle-management for UICC and eUICC in the field. You will also participate in our future SIM strategy working on new standards and product offerings.</p>
<p>The position can be based in Germany or Poland.</p>
<p><strong>Your&nbsp;Impact:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Collaborate&nbsp;within&nbsp;a&nbsp;cross-functional&nbsp;team&nbsp;to&nbsp;architect,&nbsp;build,&nbsp;test,&nbsp;deploy&nbsp;and&nbsp;run&nbsp;cloud-based&nbsp;telco&nbsp;applications&nbsp;for&nbsp;global&nbsp;IoT&nbsp;connectivity.</li>
<li>Apply&nbsp;your&nbsp;development&nbsp;expertise&nbsp;in&nbsp;Python,&nbsp;TypeScript,&nbsp;Java&nbsp;for&nbsp;our&nbsp;SIM&nbsp;management&nbsp;software&nbsp;running&nbsp;on&nbsp;AWS.</li>
<li>Design&nbsp;and&nbsp;implement&nbsp;services,&nbsp;enhancing&nbsp;our&nbsp;offerings&nbsp;with&nbsp;value-added&nbsp;features&nbsp;for&nbsp;our&nbsp;customers.</li>
<li>Leverage&nbsp;metrics&nbsp;data&nbsp;to&nbsp;prioritize&nbsp;tasks&nbsp;with&nbsp;the&nbsp;highest&nbsp;impact&nbsp;on&nbsp;engineering&nbsp;outcomes.</li>
<li>Ensure&nbsp;reliable&nbsp;network&nbsp;connectivity&nbsp;for&nbsp;IoT&nbsp;devices,&nbsp;troubleshooting&nbsp;and&nbsp;resolving&nbsp;issues&nbsp;promptly.</li>
<li>Share&nbsp;your&nbsp;domain&nbsp;and&nbsp;technical&nbsp;knowledge&nbsp;with&nbsp;the&nbsp;team&nbsp;and&nbsp;rely&nbsp;on&nbsp;their&nbsp;existing&nbsp;expertise&nbsp;to&nbsp;grow.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Your&nbsp;Skills:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><strong>Technical&nbsp;Competency:</strong>&nbsp;Proficiency&nbsp;in&nbsp;building&nbsp;distributed&nbsp;network&nbsp;services&nbsp;applications&nbsp;using&nbsp;scripting&nbsp;languages&nbsp;(TypeScript,&nbsp;Python)&nbsp;and&nbsp;OoO&nbsp;languages&nbsp;(Java).&nbsp;Experience&nbsp;in&nbsp;designing&nbsp;cloud-based&nbsp;applications&nbsp;using&nbsp;AWS,&nbsp;Terraform,&nbsp;MySQL/Postgres.&nbsp;Full-stack&nbsp;and&nbsp;frontend&nbsp;dev&nbsp;experience&nbsp;is&nbsp;a&nbsp;plus.</li>
<li><strong>Domain&nbsp;Proficiency:</strong>&nbsp;Experience&nbsp;with&nbsp;or&nbsp;readiness&nbsp;to&nbsp;learn&nbsp;about&nbsp;telecommunications&nbsp;knowledge,&nbsp;specifically&nbsp;SIM&nbsp;(<strong>S</strong>ubscriber&nbsp;<strong>I</strong>dentity&nbsp;<strong>M</strong>odule&nbsp;<strong>Card</strong>).</li>
<li><strong>Problem-solving:</strong>&nbsp;Expertise&nbsp;in&nbsp;unit&nbsp;testing&nbsp;and&nbsp;CI/CD&nbsp;practices.</li>
<li><strong>Effective&nbsp;Communication:</strong>&nbsp;Ability&nbsp;to&nbsp;clearly&nbsp;share&nbsp;knowledge&nbsp;within&nbsp;and&nbsp;across&nbsp;teams,&nbsp;fostering&nbsp;a&nbsp;collaborative&nbsp;environment.&nbsp;Comfortable&nbsp;working&nbsp;with&nbsp;remote&nbsp;teams.</li>
<li><strong>Adaptability:</strong>&nbsp;Ability&nbsp;to&nbsp;troubleshoot&nbsp;and&nbsp;resolve&nbsp;issues&nbsp;quickly,&nbsp;ensuring&nbsp;reliable&nbsp;network&nbsp;services.&nbsp;Experienced&nbsp;with&nbsp;working&nbsp;in&nbsp;an&nbsp;agile&nbsp;environment.</li>
</ul>
<h3><span style="font-size: 10pt;"><strong>About emnify</strong></span></h3>
<p>emnify is a global&nbsp; <strong>IoT connectivity platform provider</strong>, enabling enterprises and OEMs to build, deploy, and operate connected products at scale across 180+ countries. Our cloud-native SuperNetwork powers mission-critical use cases in industries such as mobility, logistics, energy, and industrial IoT.<br>We are a <strong>Series-B scale-up</strong> with a strong growth trajectory and a clear focus on upmarket and enterprise customers. emnify’s technology and innovation have been recognized repeatedly by the industry, including:</p>
<div id="message-list\_1769453589.790079" data-qa="virtual-list-item" data-item-key="1769453589.790079">
<div data-qa="message\_container" data-qa-unprocessed="false" data-qa-placeholder="false" data-msg-ts="1769453589.790079" data-msg-channel-id="C07392K657T">
<div data-qa-hover="true">
<div>
<div>
<div>
<div data-qa="message\_content">
<div>
<div data-qa="message-text">
<div data-qa="block-kit-renderer">
<div>
<div>
<ul data-list-tree="true" data-indent="0" data-border="0">
<li><strong>eSIM Provider of the Year</strong> at the <em>MVNOs World Awards 2025</em></li>
<li><strong>Platinum Award</strong> for <em>eSIM Management Platform Innovation</em> by <em>Juniper Research (2025)</em></li>
<li><strong>IoT Innovator Award</strong> by <em>Compass Intelligence</em> for aviation connectivity</li>
<li><strong>Deloitte Technology Fast 50 Germany</strong>, recognizing emnify as one of the country’s fastest-growing tech companies</li>
</ul>
<div>As we move into the next phase of growth, AI plays a central role in our strategy—both in how we build our platform and in how our customers interact with it.</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<p>&nbsp;</p>