<p>MongoDB’s mission is to empower innovators to create, transform, and disrupt industries by unleashing the power of software and data. We enable organizations of all sizes to easily build, scale, and run modern applications by helping them modernize legacy workloads, embrace innovation, and unleash AI. Our industry-leading developer data platform, MongoDB Atlas, is the only globally distributed, multi-cloud database and is available in more than 115 regions across AWS, Google Cloud, and Microsoft Azure. Atlas allows customers to build and run applications anywhere—on premises, or across cloud providers. With offices worldwide and over 175,000 new developers signing up to use MongoDB every month, it’s no wonder that leading organizations, like Samsung and Toyota, trust MongoDB to build next-generation, AI-powered applications.<br><br>We are looking to speak to candidates who are based in Tel Aviv for our hybrid working model.</p>
<h3>About the role&nbsp;</h3>
<p>We’re looking for a hardworking, driven individual with superb energy, passion and initiative for growing and managing business. The Enterprise Account Executive role focuses exclusively on formulating and executing a sales strategy within Digital Native Business in Israel. We’re looking to speak with candidates based in Israel, and who can be in the office 1 or 2 days a week.&nbsp;</p>
<h3>Position Expectations/Role Responsibilities/What you’ll do...</h3>
<ul>
<li>Proactively, identify, qualify and close a sales pipeline</li>
<li>Strategically prospect into CTOs, Engineering/IT Leaders, &amp; technical end users</li>
<li>Build strong and effective relationships, resulting in growth opportunities</li>
<li>Partner with our Solution Architects and work closely with the Professional Services team to achieve customer satisfaction</li>
<li>Work closely with the enterprise ecosystem partner sales and channel partner to maximize deal sizes</li>
<li>Participate in our sales enablement trainings, including our comprehensive Sales Bootcamp, sophisticated sales training, and leadership and development programs</li>
</ul>
<h3>Qualifications/Requirements/We’re looking for someone with…</h3>
<ul>
<li>Experience working enterprise and large Digital Native accounts, opening them from scratch</li>
<li>Strategic mindset, experience selling toC-Level, focusing on key account initiatives</li>
<li>Examples of winning strategic deals that are core to the customers business</li>
<li>Multiple examples of 6 figure deals, and having grown a single account to at least $1M ARR</li>
<li>Exp selling to Digital Native Business’s and Tech companies</li>
<li>Consistent over achievement against quota with a proven process in place to do this</li>
<li>At least 6 years experience selling to Israeli customers face to face</li>
<li>MEDDPICC / Command of the message sales training is a bonus</li>
<li>Experience selling a technical product, with a complex sales cycle</li>
<li>Technical degree in Computer Science of Engineering is a bonus</li>
</ul>
<p>To drive the personal growth and business impact of our employees, we’re committed to developing a supportive and enriching culture for everyone. From employee affinity groups, to fertility assistance and a generous parental leave policy, we value our employees’ wellbeing and want to support them along every step of their professional and personal journeys.<a href="https://www.mongodb.com/blog/channel/culture"> Learn more about what it’s like to work at MongoDB</a>, and help us make an impact on the world!</p>
<p>MongoDB is committed to providing any necessary accommodations for individuals with disabilities within our application and interview process. To request an accommodation due to a disability, please inform your recruiter.</p>
<p>MongoDB is an equal opportunities employer.<br><br>Req ID - 425187</p>