<div class="content-intro"><h4><strong>Join Axon and be a Force for Good.</strong></h4>
<p>At Axon, we’re on a mission to Protect Life. We’re explorers, pursuing society’s most critical safety and justice issues with our ecosystem of devices and cloud software. Like our products, we work better together. We connect with candor and care, seeking out diverse perspectives from our customers, communities and each other.<br><br>Life at Axon is fast-paced, challenging and meaningful. Here, you’ll take ownership and drive real change. Constantly grow as you work hard for a mission that matters at a company where you matter.</p></div><p>&nbsp;</p>
<h2><strong>Our mission is to protect life.</strong></h2>
<p>We’re out to make the world a safer place by solving big problems and taking on the public safety challenges of our time. From our company's inception building the TASER to a full suite of hardware and software solutions, we are focused on providing police agencies with state-of-the-art devices and services they need to successfully serve and protect us. In the next few years, we're going to eliminate the burden of paperwork in policing, so officers can increase the time they spend building relationships and serving in their communities. We’ll put video at the heart of police records so our justice system can get to the truth faster. And we won't stop innovating until the bullet is rendered obsolete.<br><br>It’s a big mission, but it’s one we’ll pursue relentlessly every single day.</p>
<h2><strong>Your Impact&nbsp;</strong></h2>
<p>Digital Evidence Management Systems are key to officer efficiency and Axon’s mobile applications, View and Capture, play critical roles in evidence acquisition. Axon View interacts with body-worn cameras to display live camera streams, or to view and tag previously-collected evidence. Axon Capture collects digital evidence (photos, videos, audio) and uploads to evidence.com for later processing. <br><br>As a iOS engineer on our team, you will be a key part of our next generation of mobile applications. You’ll ensure our codebases interact with platform SDKs related to photos, videos, audio, file management, networking, WiFi and bluetooth. You’ll write code that interacts with custom-made devices, such as Axon Body-Worn Cameras. You’ll ensure our codebase is performant and meets the highest data privacy standards.</p>
<h2><strong>What You’ll Do <br></strong></h2>
<p><strong>Work Location: </strong>This role is based out of our Ho Chi Minh Office and follows a hybrid schedule. We rely on in-person collaboration and ask that team members work onsite Tuesdays through Fridays, with the flexibility to work remotely on Mondays, unless there is an approved workplace accommodation. We believe that connection fuels innovation, and our in-office culture is designed to foster meaningful teamwork, mentorship, and shared success. <br><strong>Reports to: </strong>Engineering Manager, Mobile Development</p>
<h2><strong>Your Day-to-Day </strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Design, implement and maintain features within Axon View, Axon Capture, and related shared libraries.</li>
<li>Participate in Scrum ceremonies.</li>
<li>Collaborate within the Scrum team to ensure we hit our sprint goals, collaborate with other groups to ensure we build and ship the “right” thing.</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>What You Bring</strong></h2>
<p>As a iOS Engineer I, you’ve created mobile applications for years. You know the platform inside and out and you remember how it has changed over the years. You’re familiar with key frameworks and technologies important to our applications (Networking, Bluetooth, WiFi, Photo, Video).&nbsp;<br><br>You drive engineering efforts to completion. You evaluate, plan, estimate, communicate and collaborate. You ramp up quickly, solve problems and resolve ambiguity. You are ready to candidly and respectfully share your wisdom and knowledge for the betterment of our team, our code and our product.</p>
<ul>
<li>Bachelors in Computer Science or equivalent work experience.</li>
<li>3+ years shipping high-quality iOS applications</li>
<li>Strongly competent in Swift, familiar with Objective-C, and Swift / Objective-C compatibility</li>
<li>Strong track record of delivering solid code on a schedule</li>
<li>Experience that demonstrates learning &amp; application of the latest native technology: Swift UI, Swift Package Manager, iOS &amp; WWDC releases</li>
<li>Excellent communication</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Preferred Qualifications</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>SDKs: experience related to Bluetooth, WiFi, Networking, Camera (Photo/Video), Audio, File Management, connecting to and interacting with third party hardware, UI</li>
<li>CI/CD: experience creating and managing automation and integration</li>
<li>Toolchain: Cocoapods, Swift Package Manager</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Nice-to-have</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Monitoring &amp; Alerting experience</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Benefits that Benefit You</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Medical and Dental Insurance</li>
<li>Vision Insurance</li>
<li>Robust Paid Time Off policy</li>
<li>Bonuses</li>
<li>Lunch allowance</li>
<li>Cell phone stipend</li>
<li>Free LinkedIn Learning and Udemy account</li>
<li>Access to 24/7 online emotional and mental support</li>
<li>Gym membership</li>
<li>Free parking</li>
<li>Stocked fridges and pantries - free coffee, cold beverages, snacks</li>
<li>Annual Company Outing Trip</li>
<li>Monthly team social activities</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p>Don’t meet every single requirement? That's ok. At Axon, we Aim Far. We think big with a long-term view because we want to reinvent the world to be a safer, better place. We are also committed to building diverse teams that reflect the communities we serve.</p>
<p>Studies have shown that women and people of color are less likely to apply to jobs unless they check every box in the job description. If you’re excited about this role and our mission to Protect Life but your experience doesn’t align perfectly with every qualification listed here, we encourage you to apply anyways. You may be just the right candidate for this or other roles.</p>
<p><strong>Important Notes</strong></p>
<p><em>The above job description is not intended as, nor should it be construed as, exhaustive of all duties, responsibilities, skills, efforts, or working conditions associated with this job. The job description may change or be supplemented at any time in accordance with business needs and conditions.</em></p>
<p><em>Some roles may also require legal eligibility to work in a firearms environment.</em></p>
<p><em>We collect personal information from applicants to evaluate candidates for employment. You may request access, deletion, or exercise other CCPA rights at&nbsp;<strong data-stringify-type="bold"><a class="c-link c-link--underline" href="mailto:axongreenhousesupport@axon.com" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="mailto:axongreenhousesupport@axon.com" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">axongreenhousesupport@axon.com</a></strong>&nbsp;or via our&nbsp;<a class="c-link c-link--underline" href="https://privacyportal.onetrust.com/webform/0efc1702-9321-4119-bc9d-a06c3a1d3e4e/ca57cc26-a159-4193-9f6e-58ffe3fd2509" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://privacyportal.onetrust.com/webform/0efc1702-9321-4119-bc9d-a06c3a1d3e4e/ca57cc26-a159-4193-9f6e-58ffe3fd2509" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">Axon Privacy Web Form</a>. For more information, please see the Your California Privacy Rights section of our&nbsp;<a class="c-link c-link--underline" href="https://www.axon.com/candidateprivacypolicy" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://www.axon.com/candidateprivacypolicy" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">Applicant and Candidate Privacy Notice.</a></em></p>
<p><em>Axon’s mission is to Protect Life and is committed to the well-being and safety of its employees as well as Axon’s impact on the environment. All Axon employees must be aware of and committed to the appropriate environmental, health, and safety regulations, policies, and procedures. Axon employees are empowered to report safety concerns as they arise and activities potentially impacting the environment.</em></p>
<p><em>We are an equal opportunity employer that promotes justice, advances equity, values diversity and fosters inclusion. We’re committed to hiring the best talent — regardless of race, creed, color, ancestry, religion, sex (including pregnancy), national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship status, marital status, disability, gender identity, genetic information, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances — and empowering all of our employees so they can do their best work. If you have a disability or special need that requires assistance or accommodation during the application or the recruiting process, please email <a href="mailto:recruitingops@axon.com">recruitingops@axon.com. </a>&nbsp;Please note that this email address is for accommodation purposes only. Axon will not respond to inquiries for other purposes.</em></p>
<p>Phishing alert:&nbsp; Axon will never ask you to pay for any part of the hiring process, including training, equipment, or background checks. We do not make job offers via text message, WhatsApp, or instant messaging platforms without a formal interview process.&nbsp; All legitimate job openings are listed on our official careers page at <a href="https://www.axon.com/careers">https://www.axon.com/careers</a>. &nbsp;If you receive a suspicious offer or outreach from an email address that is not <strong>@axon.com</strong>, or if you are asked for sensitive personal information (bank details, Social Security Number) prematurely, please ignore the message and report it to <a href="mailto:recruitingops@axon.com">recruitingops@axon.com</a>.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p></div>