<h2><strong>What we do</strong></h2>
<p>As a <strong>Senior Software Engineer</strong>, you're going to be part of a Berlin-based international team focused on improving the performance, features and design of our core product for healthcare professionals, the <strong>Scheduling System.</strong></p>
<p>Doctolib's unprecedented growth in the last 10 years was made possible thanks to pragmatism and avoiding premature optimisation at any cost. In order to keep growing, performance is a critical priority and we are constantly evolving how key features are architected to scale for future needs. Because of this, we are re-architecting our Appointments Management Service. For this service to meet the needs of our Users, high throughput and scalability are crucial. Therefore, we are building this critical service from the ground up leveraging modern event driven, distributed technologies inline with our redefined Technology Strategy. This new Service will help pave the way for a new direction in the way Care Teams manage Appointments, matching Patients with faster access to Care.</p>
<h2><strong>What you’ll do</strong></h2>
<p>As a Senior Software Engineer, you will be responsible for:</p>
<ul>
<li>Building this critical service from, transitioning from a monolithic application, as an independent runtime and leveraging modern event driven, distributed technologies;</li>
<li>Thinking user first and helping improve our user experience through new features and design updates, while maintaining high code quality standards;</li>
<li>Taking leadership on delivering roadmap items (together with the team);</li>
<li>Helping keep our bug backlog small;</li>
<li>Contributing to establishing a technical vision and co-drive the creation of the roadmap for the next quarters;</li>
<li>Bringing your expertise and past experiences to help us continuously improve the way we work.</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Who you are</strong></h2>
<p>If you don’t meet all the requirements below but believe this opportunity matches your expectations and experience, we still encourage you to apply!</p>
<ul>
<li>You have at a minimum of 8 years of software engineering experience;</li>
<li>You have experience working on distributed systems at large scale;</li>
<li>You are eager to be hands-on with our stack and learn new tech: our current monolith is built with <strong>Ruby</strong>, and we are building a new service with <strong>Kotlin</strong>.</li>
<li>You understand the value of testing your code;</li>
<li>You are comfortable doing refactoring while building new feature;</li>
<li>You have proven experiences developing efficient, maintainable and secure products;</li>
</ul>
<p>Also, it would be fantastic if you:</p>
<ul>
<li>Have already worked in a hyper-growth tech environment;</li>
<li>Are confident working with various technologies (i.e.: Postgres, Redis,&nbsp; Typescript, Ruby, Java, Kotlin, Kafka);</li>
<li>Have already gained experience in using AI coding assistants and their benefits - but also their shortcomings</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>What we offer</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Company health insurance through our partner Allianz</li>
<li>Minimum 28 days of paid leave</li>
<li>Parent Care Program: additional leave on top of the legal parental leave</li>
<li>Free mental health and coaching services through our partner Moka.care</li>
<li>For caregivers and workers with disabilities, a package including an adaptation of the remote policy, extra days off for medical reasons, and psychological support</li>
<li>A flexible workplace policy offering both hybrid and office-based mode</li>
<li>Work from abroad for up to 10 days per year, thanks to our flexibility days policy</li>
<li>Reimbursement of public transportation</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>The interview process&nbsp;</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Recruiter Interview</li>
<li>Feature Building and System Design technical interviews</li>
<li>Behavioral Interview</li>
<li>At least one reference check</li>
<li>Offer!</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Job details</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Permanent position</li>
<li>Full-time</li>
<li>Location: Berlin</li>
<li>Work mode: Hybrid</li>
<li>Start date: as soon as possible</li>
</ul>
<p>If you would like to find out more about tech life at Doctolib, feel free to read our latest<a href="https://medium.com/doctolib" target="\_blank"> Medium blog articles</a>!&nbsp;</p>
<p><em>At Doctolib, we are committed to improving access to healthcare for everyone. This translates into our recruitment process. We evaluate candidates based solely on qualifications and motivation, without any form of discrimination.</em></p>
<p><em>The more diverse ideas are heard, the more our product will truly improve healthcare for all. You are welcome to apply to Doctolib, regardless of your gender, religion, age, sexual orientation, ethnicity, disability.</em></p>
<p><em>To ensure equal opportunities, we invite you to exclude personal information (e.g. pictures, age) from your applications. If you require any accommodation, please let us know for support during the hiring process.&nbsp;</em></p>
<p><em>Join us in building the healthcare we all dream of!</em></p>
<p><em>All information provided is processed by Doctolib for application management. For data processing details, click<a href="https://doctolib.legal/B2C-Privacy-Policy-Career-DE" target="\_blank"> here</a>. </em><em>Please contact hr.dataprivacy(at)doctolib.com for inquiries or to exercise your rights.</em></p>
<p data-pm-slice="1 1 []">&nbsp;</p>