<div class="content-intro"><p>At Braze, we have found our people. We’re a genuinely approachable, exceptionally kind, and intensely passionate crew.</p>
<p>We seek to ignite that passion by setting high standards, championing teamwork, and creating work-life harmony as we collectively navigate rapid growth on a global scale while striving for greater equity and opportunity – inside and outside our organization.</p>
<p>To flourish here, you must be prepared to set a high bar for yourself and those around you. There is always a way to contribute: Acting with autonomy, having accountability and being open to new perspectives are essential to our continued success.</p>
<p>Our deep curiosity to learn and our eagerness to share diverse passions with others gives us balance and injects a one-of-a-kind vibrancy into our culture.</p>
<p>If you are driven to solve exhilarating challenges and have a bias toward action in the face of change, you will be empowered to make a real impact here, with a sharp and passionate team at your back. If Braze sounds like a place where you can thrive, we can’t wait to meet you.</p></div><p><strong>WHAT YOU’LL DO</strong></p>
<p>As an Associate Support Representative you will be a vital member of our Global Customer Support organization—serving as a trusted product expert, primary point of contact for inbound questions and owner of complex technical cases. You’ll diagnose and fix issues, answer product questions, and guide best practices, ensuring fast, accurate help and a great customer experience.</p>
<p><strong>This role is specifically for a modified weekend schedule, meaning that you will work from Saturday to Wednesday, with Thursday and Friday off. The onboarding phase will take place from Monday to Friday.</strong></p>
<p>Your responsibilities will include:</p>
<ul>
<li>Owning customer inquiries end-to-end (how-to questions, technical break-fix issues, integration/configuration help, and best practice guidance), providing timely, insightful, and technically sound resolutions and suggestions.</li>
<li>Becoming a trusted product expert—mastering the dashboard, integrations, troubleshooting steps, and best practices</li>
<li>Driving increased product adoption by enabling customers to effectively utilize the platform and achieve their desired outcomes.</li>
<li>Collaborating effectively with your own team members, Customer Success, Account Managers, Product and Engineering, and other cross-functional teams to deliver seamless customer experiences.</li>
<li>Proactively identifying opportunities to enhance customer satisfaction and drive product adoption.</li>
<li>Contributing to process improvements and internal enablement while actively documenting and sharing knowledge to elevate teammates and customers.</li>
</ul>
<p>Please note this job description does not cover every duty you may need to undertake; you may be asked by your manager to handle other reasonable responsibilities commensurate with the role.</p>
<p><strong>Please note that we do not currently offer visa sponsorship and do not anticipate doing so in the future.</strong></p>
<p><strong>WHAT YOU HAVE</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Experience supporting technical products, ideally in SaaS or mobile application environments.</li>
<li>Proficiency with case management tools (e.g., Salesforce, Zendesk) for efficient inquiry management and resolution.</li>
<li>Hands-on experience with HTML, CSS, APIs, and/or SQL</li>
<li>Experience with tools such as Postman, Snowflake, and/or Kibana is a plus.</li>
<li>Domain knowledge of two or more: SaaS, Mobile Technology, APIs, Marketing Automation, Direct Marketing, Marketing Analytics, and/or basic programming.</li>
<li>Strong written and verbal communication skills in English</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>WHO YOU ARE</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>An excellent communicator with a customer-centric attitude with the ability to translate complex concepts into clear, understandable language for diverse audiences.</li>
<li>Analytical, curious, and resourceful with strong troubleshooting and problem-solving capabilities</li>
<li>Passionate about helping customers and resolving issues efficiently and effectively.</li>
<li>Skilled at managing and prioritizing a high volume of inquiries and escalations; resilient and calm under pressure in fast-paced, time-sensitive situations.</li>
<li>Able to synthesize complex technical concepts and communicate them clearly to diverse audiences</li>
<li>Adaptable to fast-paced, high-volume environments with shifting priorities while being able to multitask and maintain performance under pressure.</li>
<li>A proactive problem solver with a strong sense of intellectual curiosity, who thrives in collaborative team settings to tackle challenges.</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><div class="p-rich\_text\_section">
<p><strong>WHAT WE OFFER<br></strong></p>
<p><em>Braze benefits vary by location, and we encourage you to review our specific benefits offerings for each country </em><a href="https://www.braze.com/company/careers/how-we-hire#benefit-section"><em>here</em></a><em>. More details on benefits plans will be provided if you receive an offer of employment.</em></p>
<p>From offering comprehensive benefits to fostering hybrid ways of working, we’ve got you covered so you can prioritize work-life harmony. Braze offers benefits such as:</p>
<ul>
<li>Competitive compensation that may include equity</li>
<li>Retirement and Employee Stock Purchase Plans</li>
<li>Flexible paid time off</li>
<li>Comprehensive benefit plans covering medical, dental, vision, life, and disability</li>
<li>Family services that include fertility benefits and equal paid parental leave</li>
<li>Professional development supported by formal career pathing, learning platforms, and a yearly learning stipend</li>
<li>A curated in-office employee experience, designed to foster community, team connections, and innovation</li>
<li>Opportunities to give back to your community, including an annual company-wide Volunteer Week and donation matching&nbsp;</li>
<li>Employee Resource Groups that provide supportive communities within Braze</li>
<li>Collaborative, transparent, and fun culture recognized as a Great Place to Work®</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>ABOUT BRAZE<br><br></strong>Braze is the leading customer engagement platform that empowers brands to Be Absolutely Engaging.™ Braze helps brands deliver great customer experiences that drive value both for consumers and for their businesses. Built on a foundation of composable intelligence, BrazeAI™ allows marketers to combine and activate AI agents, models, and features at every touchpoint throughout the Braze Customer Engagement Platform for smarter, faster, and more meaningful customer engagement. From cross-channel messaging and journey orchestration to Al-powered decisioning and optimization, Braze enables companies to turn action into interaction through autonomous, 1:1 personalized experiences.<br><br>The company has repeatedly been recognized as a Leader in marketing technology by industry analysts, and was voted a G2 “Best of Marketing and Digital Advertising Software Product” in 2025.<br><br>Braze was also named a 2025 Best Companies To Work For by U.S. News &amp; World Report, a 2025 America’s Greatest Companies by Newsweek, and a 2025 Fortune Best Workplace in Technology™ by Great Place To Work®, among other accolades. Braze is also proudly certified as a Great Place to Work® in the U.S., the UK, Australia, and Singapore.<br><br>The company is headquartered in New York with offices in Austin, Berlin, Bucharest, Chicago, Dubai, Jakarta, London, Paris, San Francisco, São Paulo, Singapore, Seoul, Sydney and Tokyo.</p>
<strong>BRAZE IS AN EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER</strong>
<p>At Braze, we strive to create equitable growth and opportunities inside and outside the organization.</p>
<p>Building meaningful connections is at the heart of everything we do, and that includes our recruiting practices. We're committed to offering all candidates a fair, accessible, and inclusive experience – regardless of age, color, disability, gender identity, marital status, maternity, national origin, pregnancy, race, religion, sex, sexual orientation, or status as a protected veteran. When applying and interviewing with Braze, we want you to feel comfortable showcasing what makes you <em>you</em>.</p>
<p>We know that sometimes different circumstances can lead talented people to hesitate to apply for a role unless they meet 100% of the criteria. If this sounds familiar, we encourage you to apply, as we’d love to meet you.</p>
<em>Please see our</em><a href="https://www.braze.com/company/legal/privacy-policy-job-candidates"><em> </em><em>Candidate Privacy Policy</em></a><em> for more information on how Braze processes your personal information during the recruitment process and, if applicable based on your location, how you can exercise any privacy rights.</em></div></div>