<h3 class="cui-headline-sagu cui-headline-s-nb07 css-axuyv7 evwnbdz0"><strong class="cui-body-o5xe cui-body-m-mwmz cui-body-semibold-pt76 cui-body-normal-pvqj cui-body-highlight-kmah css-10dm8y evwnbdz2">Join Us in Enpowering Our Business Heroes</strong></h3>
<p>We are seeking sales individuals with previous field sales experience working within a&nbsp;B2B Sales environment, to join our Field Sales Team as a <strong>Field Sales Representative. </strong>In this Field Sales role, you have the chance to earn <strong>uncapped commission</strong> while&nbsp;building genuine relationships with local entrepreneurs and helping them grow with&nbsp;SumUp’s innovative products.&nbsp;You will receive comprehensive training, tools, and support to help you succeed&nbsp;If you have previously worked in a B2B role within a Field Sales position or have the&nbsp;right customer facing transferrable skill sets with a driven ambitious attitude suited to&nbsp;working autonomously in a field sales capacity, we want to hear from you!</p>
<p><strong>Why Choose to join SumUp as a Field Sales Representative</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Earn what you’re worth. Take home 50% of the revenue from payments,&nbsp;hardware, and software sales, plus 25% recurring income for up to five<br>years.</li>
<li>&nbsp;Start strong. You’ll earn 75% of SumUp’s net revenue in your first year, setting you up for quick wins and solid income from day one.</li>
<li>Build your future income. With monthly revenue share and long-termclients, your hard work keeps paying off, even months or years later.</li>
<li>Learn, grow, and master your craft. Get hands-on training, product&nbsp;coaching, and proven strategies to help you sell smarter, faster, and with&nbsp;confidence.</li>
<li>You’re not on your own. You’ll have ongoing support from a dedicated Territory Manager and a community of peers who share ideas, celebrate wins, and help each other succeed.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Your Impact as a Field Sales Representative for Sumup</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Connect with local business owners: from cafés and barbershops to&nbsp;boutiques and salons, and help them discover easier, smarter ways to take&nbsp;payments and grow their business.</li>
<li>Bring your personality to every conversation. As a Field Sales&nbsp;Representative you will meet people face-to-face, demoing simple tools like&nbsp;payment systems and point-of-sale devices, and show how they fit each&nbsp;business’s day-to-day reality.</li>
<li>Take control of your success. As a Field Sales Representative you will&nbsp;need to plan your territory, follow up with interested businesses, and turn&nbsp;those “maybe later” conversations into “let’s get started.”</li>
<li>Become a familiar face in your community. The more relationships you&nbsp;build, the more your reputation, and your referrals grow.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>About Sumup</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Join Us in Empowering Our Business Heroes</li>
<li>At SumUp, we don’t just see business owners, we see everyday heroes with the&nbsp;courage to chase their dreams.</li>
<li>With a founder’s mindset and a team-first culture, our global community helps&nbsp;businesses thrive doing what they love.</li>
<li>We’ve even moved beyond the flat 1.69%&nbsp;rate, offering flexible, bespoke pricing options tailored to our customers’ needs.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>Job Application Tip</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We recognise that candidates feel they need to meet 100% of the job criteria in order to apply for a job. Please note that this is only a guide. If you don’t tick every box, it’s ok too because it means you have room to learn and develop your career at SumUp.</span></p></div>