<div class="content-intro"><h2><span data-sheets-root="1">About Wolt</span></h2>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">At Wolt, we create technology that brings joy, simplicity and earnings to the neighborhoods of the world. In 2014 we started with delivery of restaurant food. Now we’re building the delivery of (almost) everything and you’ll find us in over 500 cities in 30 countries around the world. In 2022 we joined forces with DoorDash and together we keep on dreaming big and expanding across the globe.<br><br>Working at Wolt isn’t always easy, but it’s definitely exciting. Here you’ll learn more, build more, and ship more than in most other companies. You’ll be challenged a lot, but also have a lot of fun on the way. So, if you’re a self-starter with drive and entrepreneurial spirit, this could be the ride of your life.</span></p></div><h2><strong>What you’ll be doing</strong></h2>
<p>You’ll lead a highly KPI-driven team of customer support, ensuring performance targets are consistently met while maintaining a strong focus on quality. Also making sure we deliver exceptional service to customers, restaurants, and courier partners. You’ll set the tone for high-quality support, guide your team’s development, and ensure each shift runs smoothly and efficiently.</p>
<p><strong>Day-to-day in this role you’ll:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Handle and oversee support for customers, restaurant partners, and courier partners.</li>
<li>Lead by example, deeply learning all support workflows and coaching the team toward consistently high standards.</li>
<li>Train, mentor, and onboard new team members, acting as a sparring partner for their development.</li>
<li>Support team alignment by translating performance insights into clear actions.</li>
<li>Drive a strong performance culture by monitoring KPIs, identifying gaps, and taking action quickly and effectively.</li>
<li>Act as a change champion by guiding your team through new processes, tools, and operational shifts with clarity and adaptability.</li>
<li>Communication with the cross-functioning departments.</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Our humble expectations</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Excellent communication skills in both Georgian and English, with the ability to adjust your tone to any audience.</li>
<li>Previous experience in Customer Support or Customer Service, with a customer-obsessed mindset is a plus.</li>
<li>Proven experience in leading a team of 15+ members.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Experience leading a highly KPI-driven team with a track record of achieving strong, consistent results.</li>
<li>High adaptability, comfortable navigating operational changes and helping your team adjust to new ways of working.</li>
<li>Strong change-management mindset with the ability to communicate updates clearly and keep the team aligned<br>Ability to guide and motivate people, helping them understand purpose, performance, and growth.</li>
<li>Strong multitasking skills and the ability to prioritise in a fast-paced environment.</li>
<li>Tech-savvy, quick to learn new systems and tools.</li>
<li>Comfortable analysing data and turning insights into actions; strong Excel skills.</li>
<li>A can-do attitude and willingness to roll up your sleeves in a startup environment.</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>What we offer</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Health Insurance</li>
<li>Sports Benefits</li>
<li>Wolt Credits</li>
<li>Employee Assistance Program (EAP)</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Next steps</strong></h2>
<p>If this role sounds like the right fit for you, we’d be excited to get to know you. Apply now, we can’t wait to receive your application!</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><iframe src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/dob25eOXkyA" width="560" height="314"></iframe></p><div class="content-conclusion"><h2><span data-sheets-root="1">Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion</span></h2>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">We’re committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. That’s why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.</span></p></div>