<div class="content-intro"><p><strong>About Mixpanel</strong></p>
<p>Mixpanel turns data clarity into innovation. Trusted by more than 29,000 companies, including Workday, Pinterest, LG, and Rakuten Viber, Mixpanel’s AI-first digital analytics help teams accelerate adoption, improve retention, and ship with confidence. Powering this is an industry-leading platform that combines product and web analytics, session replay, experimentation, feature flags, and metric trees. Mixpanel delivers insights that customers trust. Visit <a href="mixpanel.com" target="\_blank">mixpanel.com</a> to learn more.</p></div><div id="message-list-preview-list\_1759825618.023969" class="c-virtual\_list\_\_item" data-qa="virtual-list-item" data-item-key="1759825618.023969">
<div class="c-message\_kit\_\_background p-message\_pane\_message\_\_message c-message\_kit\_\_message" data-qa="message\_container" data-qa-unprocessed="false" data-qa-placeholder="false" data-msg-ts="1759825618.023969" data-msg-channel-id="DTP8BKKSB">
<div class="c-message\_kit\_\_hover" data-qa-hover="true">
<div class="c-message\_kit\_\_actions c-message\_kit\_\_actions--above">
<div class="c-message\_kit\_\_gutter">
<div class="c-message\_kit\_\_gutter\_\_right" data-qa="message\_content">
<div class="c-message\_kit\_\_blocks c-message\_kit\_\_blocks--rich\_text">
<div class="c-message\_\_message\_blocks c-message\_\_message\_blocks--rich\_text" data-qa="message-text">
<div class="p-block\_kit\_renderer" data-qa="block-kit-renderer">
<div class="p-block\_kit\_renderer\_\_block\_wrapper p-block\_kit\_renderer\_\_block\_wrapper--first">
<div class="p-rich\_text\_block">
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section">We are looking for a Regional Partnerships Manager to help fortify Mixpanel's presence with both Solution Partners and Technology Partners in APAC. As Mixpanel continues its global expansion, our Agency, Consulting, and Global System Integrator (GSI) partners (collectively, “Solution Partners”) are increasingly integral to customer acquisition and retention, as well as to augmenting awareness of our capabilities in the marketplace. You will help direct our Solution Partner strategy and positioning in APAC and drive the sales, marketing, &amp; development lifecycle of our Solution Partner program in the region, which includes recruitment, onboarding, activation &amp; relationship management of those partners. In addition, you will help us with the execution of Mixpanel’s platform strategy with our Technology Partners in APAC.<br>This role will be based in our Regional HQ in Singapore and requires an ability to work cross-functionally across numerous teams, including sales, marketing, enablement, and professional services, among others.</div>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section">&nbsp;</div>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section"><strong data-stringify-type="bold">Responsibilities</strong></div>
<ul class="p-rich\_text\_list p-rich\_text\_list\_\_bullet p-rich\_text\_list--nested" data-stringify-type="unordered-list" data-list-tree="true" data-indent="0" data-border="0">
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">Actively recruit, on-board, and activate a portfolio of Solution Partners, Resellers to achieve revenue targets, generate partner-driven pipeline, uncover new use-cases, provide industry/subject-matter expertise, enhance market awareness, and ultimately, create value for our shared customers</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">Evaluate and manage strategic technology partnerships</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">Work with each partner to define a joint value proposition and develop go-to-market (“GTM”) plans, including:&nbsp;
<ul class="p-rich\_text\_list p-rich\_text\_list\_\_bullet p-rich\_text\_list--nested" data-stringify-type="unordered-list" data-list-tree="true" data-indent="1" data-border="0">
<li data-stringify-indent="1" data-stringify-border="0">Defining mutually agreed outcomes, messaging, and investment.</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="1" data-stringify-border="0">Securing partner commitment in areas ranging from practice or product development, marketing, sales, account management, and potential vertical solution development.&nbsp;</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="1" data-stringify-border="0">Developing and nurturing strategic relationships with executives and product managers at key partners that lead to longer-term opportunities.</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">Actively promote the alliance value proposition for each partner within Mixpanel and within the partner’s organization.</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">Align directly with Sales to properly leverage our partners for account access/introductions and expansion.</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">Evangelizing Mixpanel at industry events, seminars, and customer briefings, as well as within our partner community</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">Monitor and report on key partnership activities to support individual and team metrics</li>
</ul>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section"><strong data-stringify-type="bold">We’re Looking For Someone Who Has</strong></div>
<ul class="p-rich\_text\_list p-rich\_text\_list\_\_bullet p-rich\_text\_list--nested" data-stringify-type="unordered-list" data-list-tree="true" data-indent="0" data-border="0">
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">Is ready to roll up their sleeves and help build a “best-in-cloud” partner ecosystem that’s central to Mixpanel’s continued growth and evolution</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">Management experience leading other Partnership Managers</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">Has significant experience (5+ years) in enterprise software - preferably building and scaling partnership programs, cloud/SaaS sales, or management consulting</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">Ideally has a strong track record of cultivating and maintaining partnerships with digital agencies, resellers, strategic consultancies, and/or GSIs</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">Possesses both technical and business acumen, with a deep understanding of how people, process, data, and technology is combined to drive enterprise-wide digital transformation</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">Has the ability to engage, motivate, and collaborate with Mixpanel field teams, working effectively across functions, geographies, and cultures</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">Demonstrates an understanding of solution and relationship selling, strategic planning, account management, and/or consultative business development</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">Is a strategic thinker, but also execution oriented - with a data-driven approach supported by robust analytical, conceptual, and problem-solving abilities&nbsp;&nbsp;</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">Preferably has a level of familiarity with the analytics and engagement ecosystem, as well as Mixpanel’s technology platform</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">Bachelor's degree required</li>
</ul>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>Benefits and Perks</strong><strong><br></strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Comprehensive Medical, Vision, and Dental Care</li>
<li>Mental Wellness Benefit</li>
<li>Generous Vacation Policy &amp; Additional Company Holidays</li>
<li>Enhanced Parental Leave</li>
<li>Volunteer Time Off</li>
<li>Additional US Benefits: Pre-Tax Benefits including 401(K), Wellness Benefit, Holiday Break</li>
</ul>
<p><em>\*please note that benefits and perks for contract positions will vary\*</em></p>
<p><strong>Culture Values</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><strong>Make Bold Bets:</strong> We choose courageous action over comfortable progress.</li>
<li><strong>Innovate with Insight:</strong> We tackle decisions with rigor and judgment - combining data, experience and collective wisdom to drive&nbsp;powerful outcomes.</li>
<li><strong>One Team:</strong> We collaborate across boundaries to achieve far greater impact than any of us could accomplish alone.</li>
<li><strong>Candor with Connection:</strong> We build meaningful relationships that enable honest feedback and direct conversations.</li>
<li><strong>Champion the Customer:</strong> We seek to deeply understand our customers’ needs, ensuring their success is our north star.</li>
<li><strong>Powerful Simplicity:</strong> We find elegant solutions to complex problems, making sophisticated things accessible.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Why choose Mixpanel?</strong></p>
<p>We’re a leader in analytics with over 9,000 customers and $277M raised from prominent investors: like Andreessen-Horowitz, Sequoia, YC, and, most recently, Bain Capital. Mixpanel’s pioneering event-based data analytics platform offers a powerful yet simple solution for companies to understand user behaviors and easily track overarching company success metrics. Our accomplished teams continuously facilitate our expansion by tackling the ever-evolving challenges tied to scaling, reliability, design, and service. Choosing to work at Mixpanel means you’ll be helping the world’s most innovative companies learn from their data so they can make better decisions.</p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Mixpanel is an equal opportunity employer supporting workforce diversity. At Mixpanel, we are focused on things that really matter—our people, our customers, our partners—out of a recognition that those relationships are the most valuable assets we have. We actively encourage women, people with disabilities, veterans, underrepresented minorities, and LGBTQ+ people to apply. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance or other similar laws that may be applicable, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records. We’ve immersed ourselves in our Culture and Values as our guiding principles for the impact we want to have and the future we are building.</span></p></div>