Metabase is the easiest way for people to get insights from their data, from tiny startups who get up and running quickly to major corporations with tens of thousands of users. That's why people [love us](https://www.metabase.com/love).

We bring data tools with the elegance and simplicity of consumer products to the crufty world of enterprise business intelligence. We provide an opinionated open source starting point for how companies should measure, analyze and share their data, which is used by tens of thousands of companies.

And there's so much more to do! We're expanding the product in many directions, and continuously reevaluating decisions we made in the past in order to improve every flow and detail. We want to do that faster and even better, so we're looking for outcome-oriented, **seasoned Product Designers** to join our core team. At Metabase, design directly drives business success: our customers consistently choose us because of our superior UX — meaning your work will be directly responsible for our growth.

Product designers at Metabase are part of a centralized team, working closely with small teams of engineers to design and ship beautiful, simple solutions from beginning to end.

## We have a unique design culture:

- We focus on solving root problems rather than applying superficial fixes
- We care more about a solution “feeling” right than rigidly adhering to “consistency”
- We ship iteratively and value real-world outcomes over “perfect” process or glossy internal artifacts

## Recent projects our designers have tackled include:

- Creating a completely new Documents feature
- Envisioning a new way to view, compare, and explore metrics
- Creating patterns and surfaces for LLM-based SQL generation, natural language queries, and asynchronous agentic work

## Responsibilities

- Deliver end-to-end design solutions that are truly elegant, beautiful, fun, and simple.
- Push back on complexity creeping into the product.
- Use a variety of mediums to communicate what could or should be done, whether it’s LLM-generated prototypes, writing, Figjam diagrams, or high fidelity concepts and solutions.
- Pull on engineers and product thinkers to ensure understanding of technical constraints and possibilities.
- Iterate rapidly and broadly in scrappy ways that make abstract ideas tangible and which move conversations forward.
- Deeply internalize the needs and mindset of our users through insights provided by the broader team. UX research skills aren't needed, but welcome.

## Profile

- You think in terms of journeys, not screens.
- Biased toward building *things,* not slide decks.
- Work out-in-the-open instinctively, out of an eagerness to receive feedback, and to riff and iterate with an experienced, skilled team.
- Thorough and attentive to detail, with a high internal bar for your craft.
- Strong ability to communicate design decisions and rationales through speaking and writing.
- Comfortable with asynchronous collaboration, and articulating complex ideas remotely.

## Skills and experience

- Depth of experience designing solutions for challenging product problems. Your work will rely on research and analytics, but it will shine because of solid instincts and craftsmanship.
- Experience designing specifically for large web applications/tools
- Technical enough to understand at a high level what's happening inside the engineering black-boxes. (If you don't understand the complexity, how can you simplify it?)

## Bonus Qualifications

- Experience with LLM-based UI and interaction prototyping
- Experience with Web development (HTML, CSS, React)
- Technical background or education (CS degree or similar)
- Experience building or using developer tools

We're a global team (50% outside the US), fully distributed (from Thailand to California), who get things done asynchronously, with plenty of uninterrupted time, supporting each other to do the best work of our careers. We offer flexibility (define your own schedule and work from wherever you want), autonomy, and an environment that fosters growth, learning, and development. We're relentlessly user-focused and believe in building long-term value, not short-term hacks. And we raised a $30M Series B to take our approach to the next level for years to come.

For U.S. applicants: Metabase participates in the federal E-Verify program, which confirms employment authorization of newly hired U.S. based employees. E-Verify is not used as a tool to pre-screen candidates and is only initiated upon hire.

[E-Verify Participation Notice](https://www.e-verify.gov/sites/default/files/everify/posters/EVerifyParticipationPoster.pdf) (English/Spanish)

[Right to Work Notice](https://www.e-verify.gov/sites/default/files/everify/posters/IER_RightToWorkPoster%20Eng_Es.pdf) (English/Spanish)