<p><strong>Ever wondered what last night’s dinner can tell you about customer behaviour?</strong></p>
<p>At HelloFresh, we don’t just think about what’s on the menu , we think about what’s driving every click, conversion, and customer choice behind it.</p>
<p>Our <em>Marketing-Analytics</em> Slack channel is never quiet. It’s a constant stream of “Did you see this trend?” and “Check out this attribution anomaly.” We treat every data point like a conversation starter, often moving from a quick message to a 5-minute huddle by the coffee machine to pivot strategy in real time. We don’t wait for monthly reports; we move as fast as our customers eat.</p>
<p>To keep up with that pace, we need you. We are looking for a Marketing Analyst (all genders) to join our ambitious team in Islands Brygge. In this role, you won't just be a "support function" — you will take a leading role in bringing our analytical capabilities to the next level and acting as the strategic backbone for our marketing decisions.</p>
<p>You’ll act as a key point of contact for data and analytics questions, helping translate insights into clear direction and ensuring that data plays a central role in how we shape our marketing strategy.</p>
<h2>What You’ll Do (The Recipe)</h2>
<ul>
<li>Collaborate with marketing leads and the wider marketing organisation to understand strategic priorities and promote a culture rooted in data-driven decision-making.</li>
<li>Act as a sparring partner for marketing stakeholders, delivering data-based evidence to ensure they understand the long-term implications of their business actions.</li>
<li>Explore and analyse business metrics, customer behavior and marketing performance data to find improvement opportunities for the Growth team.</li>
<li>Deliver and communicate clear, actionable insights across the marketing organisation to drive business growth by highlighting the “so-whats” of your analyses.</li>
<li>Independently lead and structure projects, including gathering stakeholder input and defining clear requirements for ad hoc analyses or dashboard needs.</li>
<li>Work hands-on with large data sets, using tools like Tableau, Google Sheets for visualisation, and Databricks for automation.</li>
<li>Support the allocation of marketing investments to optimise return on investment and help improve our internal review processes.</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>What You’ll Bring (Your Ingredients)</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Minimum 3 years of hands-on experience working with data and business problems (e.g. analyst, consultant, or similar role)</li>
<li>Self-driven and able to work independently while maintaining quality and timelines</li>
<li>Strong communication skills, with the ability to translate technical challenges into business recommendations</li>
<li>Experience in project management, including defining steps, setting timelines, and managing stakeholders</li>
<li>Strong problem-solving skills, curiosity, and a continuous learning mindset</li>
<li>Degree in Economics, Finance, Statistics, Mathematics, Business Analytics, or similar quantitative discipline</li>
<li>Excellent SQL skills; Python is a plus</li>
</ul>
<p>Above all, we are looking for people who will make HelloFresh better. There are many different ways of developing skills, and we love diverse experiences! So even if you don’t “tick all the boxes” but think you’d thrive in this role, we would really like to learn more about you.</p>
<h2><strong>What We Offer (The Toppings)</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>HelloFresh Discounts – Enjoy 65% off your HelloFresh Meal Box and 40% off Factor\_ subscriptions.</li>
<li>Learning and Development – Make the most of a dedicated Learning &amp; Development budget and the HelloMint mentorship program.</li>
<li>Receive 25 days of paid vacation per year, + 5 days of <em>feriefridage</em>. Paid leave also provided for your child’s first sick day.</li>
<li>Parent Benefits – Benefit from a Parental Leave policy supporting your family needs.</li>
<li>Compensation and Perks – Includes a 5% company-paid pension and insurance package.</li>
<li>Health – Access to Spill online therapy, available within 24 hours of request.</li>
<li>Daily Comforts – Office perks include drinks and snacks, subsidized catered lunches, and breakfast every Friday.</li>
<li>Fitness and Well-being – Discounts at SATS gym, plus access to sports and exercise clubs.<br><br></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Are you the missing ingredient?</strong><strong><br></strong>If this sounds like a tasty opportunity, we’d be excited to hear from you. We aim to review your profile and respond within 5 business days.</p>
<h2><br><br></h2>