<div class="content-intro"><p><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif; font-size: 12pt;">Airbnb was born in 2007 when two hosts welcomed three guests to their San Francisco home, and has since grown to over 5 million hosts who have welcomed over 2 billion guest arrivals in almost every country across the globe. Every day, hosts offer unique stays and experiences that make it possible for guests to connect with communities in a more authentic way.</span></p></div><p><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; color: #000000;"><strong>The Community You Will Join:</strong></span></p>
<ul>
<li>Airbnb Payments team allows any two people in the world to frictionlessly exchange money with easy to use payments services. It is a core strategy to fulfill Airbnb’s belongs anywhere mission.We are building a world-class payments platform that moves billions of dollars, in 191 countries, with 75 currencies, through a complex ecosystem of payments partners. We build and maintain our own in-house global payments platform because no solution exists with the global reach needed. As the platform grows we’ll be adding new payment partners, global licenses, compliance and regulation controls, and building new payment experiences for our guests and hosts.</li>
</ul>
<p><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; color: #000000;"><strong>The Difference You Will Make:</strong></span></p>
<ul>
<li>As a global company, our mission is to develop and maintain the necessary quality engineering processes that scale to meet the needs of both our external customers and internal teams. We strive to ensure that our product and support workflows deliver a seamless experience for guests, hosts, and support agents.</li>
<li>As a Senior Software Engineer in Payments Quality Solutions org, you will help us meet this challenge by building and maintaining automation coverage for features and releases. You will work directly with the product engineering teams to develop and maintain our test tools, write and test product code, participate in design reviews to architect testable systems, and guide designs and code to enhance modularity and testability. You will be expected to work with engineers in the US to tackle these complex challenges.</li>
<li>Aligned with our company mission, Belong Anywhere, we value the importance of diversity and belonging in the workplace, and that's why we commit to not discriminating on basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.</li>
</ul>
<p><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; color: #000000;"><strong>A Typical Day: </strong></span></p>
<ul>
<li>Lead building, maintaining, and effective utilization of automated tests, collaborating closely with engineering teams to ensure robust test coverage for Payments features and releases, and actively participating in the continuous improvement of testing processes.</li>
<li>Collaborate with CI/CD team to integrate automated testing into CI/CD pipelines, ensuring thorough test coverage at every stage of development.</li>
<li>Demonstrate excellent troubleshooting abilities, isolate issues, and verify bug fixes. Debug issues found during testing and after release.</li>
<li>Be a player of our high-performance team to ensure code quality, commitment to craft and operational excellence</li>
<li>Work closely with cross-functional teams, including product management, development, and other QE teams, in a fast-paced environment with short release cycles.</li>
</ul>
<p><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; color: #000000;"><strong>Your Expertise:</strong></span></p>
<ul>
<li>BE/ B.tech in computer science/engineering or equivalent</li>
<li>6+ years of industry experience in software testing and automation&nbsp;</li>
<li>Demonstrable knowledge in at least two programming languages (e.g., Typescript, Java, Swift, Kotlin, Python) and strong scripting skills</li>
<li>Strong hands-on experience with DSA - data structure and algorithm</li>
<li>Strong knowledge of test automation methodologies, tools, and frameworks</li>
<li>Strong hands-on experience with automation frameworks</li>
<li>Demonstrated expertise in developing for testability, test automation frameworks</li>
<li>Experience integrating automated tests into CI/CD pipelines (e.g., Buildkite, Spinnaker, Jenkins) and version control systems (Git)</li>
<li>Excellent communication skills towards facilitating interactions with cross-functional teams</li>
<li>Expertise developing solutions to ambiguous problems, and integrations across multiple teams with significant impact</li>
</ul>
<p><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; color: #000000;"><strong>Our Commitment To Inclusion &amp; Belonging:</strong></span></p>
<p><span style="color: #000000; font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;">Airbnb is committed to working with the broadest talent pool possible. We believe diverse ideas foster innovation and engagement, and allow us to attract creatively-led people, and to develop the best products, services and solutions. All qualified individuals are encouraged to apply.</span></p>
<p><span style="color: #000000; font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;">&nbsp;</span></p>