<p>
  <strong>Headquarters:</strong> Warsaw, Poland
</p>

<div><div><p class="googlejobs-paragraph--empty"></p><h2 class="title">Company Description</h2></div><div class="wysiwyg"><p><strong>RISK inc: &nbsp;</strong>An international iGaming company specializing in identifying and fostering the growth of high-potential entertainment markets. With 1000+ professionals in 20+ locations, we operate in 10 countries, serving over 300,000 customers.</p><p><strong>Always Pushing the Boundaries? You Already Belong at RISK!</strong></p><p>Our global-scale operations are based on strong internal expertise, analytics, and data research. We have expertise in iGaming operations (sports betting, online casino), digital and affiliate marketing, tech solutions, and data analytics.</p><p>We are looking for a <strong>Product Manager</strong> to join our team!</p><p>&nbsp;</p></div><div><p class="googlejobs-paragraph--empty"></p><h2 class="title">Job Description</h2></div><div class="wysiwyg"><ul><li><p>Drive improvements in user engagement and motivation through gamification.</p></li><li><p>Analyze and optimize marketing and organic funnels to increase conversion rates.</p></li><li><p>Identify and validate hypotheses aimed at improving user experience and retention.</p></li><li><p>Monitor product performance and ensure smooth operation of all key processes.</p></li><li><p>Oversee domain management and handle maintenance-related tasks within the product ecosystem.</p></li></ul></div><div><p class="googlejobs-paragraph--empty"></p><h2 class="title">Qualifications</h2></div><div class="wysiwyg"><ul><li><p>2+ years of experience as a Product Manager.</p></li><li><p>Understanding of both paid and organic traffic funnels.</p></li><li><p>Experience in conversion rate optimization and funnel improvement.</p></li><li><p>Strong analytical mindset and ability to build data-based hypotheses.</p></li><li><p>Deep understanding of user motivation and&nbsp;decision-making behavior.</p></li><li><p>Experience in the iGaming industry will be a plus.</p></li></ul></div><div><p class="googlejobs-paragraph--empty"></p><h2 class="title">Additional Information</h2></div><div class="wysiwyg"><p><strong>We offer:</strong></p><ul><li>Global Flexibility: Embrace the freedom to work from anywhere in the world, with remote work options that let you craft the perfect work-life balance;</li><li>Vacation: 20 working days;</li><li>Paid sick leave;</li><li>Learning Coverage;</li><li>Team Building programs;</li><li>Mental Health Programs;</li><li>Sport coverage;</li><li>Medical insurance, dental coverage.</li></ul><p><strong>Ready to Take the Leap?</strong></p><p>Join a team where every day is an opportunity to take a RISK and come out on top. Follow us on <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/company/riskinc/">LinkedIn</a> and <a href="https://www.instagram.com/risk.inc.global/">Instagram</a>, and let us be your hub for turning ambitious ideas and extraordinary solutions into reality.</p><p><strong>At RISK, we believe that our people are the driving force behind our success. Together, we can achieve great things and push the boundaries of what's possible in the iGaming industry.</strong></p></div></div>

<p><strong>To apply:</strong> <a href="https://weworkremotely.com/remote-jobs/risk-senior-product-manager">https://weworkremotely.com/remote-jobs/risk-senior-product-manager</a></p>