<div class="content-intro"><h2><span data-sheets-root="1">About Wolt</span></h2>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">At Wolt, we create technology that brings joy, simplicity and earnings to the neighborhoods of the world. In 2014 we started with delivery of restaurant food. Now we’re building the delivery of (almost) everything and you’ll find us in over 500 cities in 30 countries around the world. In 2022 we joined forces with DoorDash and together we keep on dreaming big and expanding across the globe.<br><br>Working at Wolt isn’t always easy, but it’s definitely exciting. Here you’ll learn more, build more, and ship more than in most other companies. You’ll be challenged a lot, but also have a lot of fun on the way. So, if you’re a self-starter with drive and entrepreneurial spirit, this could be the ride of your life.</span></p></div><p><strong>Do you have the ability to lead a team and inspire a high-quality standard of service? If this sounds like you, then we’d love to chat!&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>We’re looking for a part-time (20 hours per week) Grocery Shift Lead to join our team in the Wolt Market Örebro (WM)&nbsp; 🤩</p>
<h2><strong>What you’ll be doing&nbsp;</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Ensuring efficient operations and being the go-to person when the Store Manager isn’t present at the store</li>
<li>Solving issues in which the team needs help</li>
<li>Monitoring and managing workload, efficiency, office duties and well-being</li>
<li>Collecting and forwarding feedback</li>
<li>Proactively participating in developing store operations</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Our humble expectations</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>You have experience in leading a team, ideally as a shift lead in grocery stores or retail</li>
<li>You are proactive, service-minded and a fast learner and have the ability to multitask</li>
<li>You’ll work in flexible shifts in both morning and evening shifts across weekdays and weekends - our store is open 7 days a week. You'll need to have a transportation to commute during early morning and late evening hours. We require flexibility to work across all our working hours, including weekends and public holidays</li>
<li>You have a full professional proficiency in English</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>What you’ll get by joining us</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Wolt credits cashback benefit</li>
<li>Visma advantage benefits program</li>
<li>Employee assistance program&nbsp;</li>
<li>Wolt-wide training programs&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p>Please note that this position is for Wolt Market Örebro. The store address is Aspholmsvägen 5, 702 27 Örebro.</p>
<p>If you are excited about working in a high-growth environment, taking ownership, and being part of an extremely ambitious team, then click below to apply and get the conversation going!</p>
<p>We will be reviewing applications on an on-going basis, so send through your application along with your English CV as soon as possible! 💙</p>
<p><iframe src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/T10nqKEgkmE?si=Wne6e6YFlKURiGsA" width="560" height="314"></iframe></p><div class="content-conclusion"><h2><span data-sheets-root="1">Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion</span></h2>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">We’re committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. That’s why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.</span></p></div>