<div class="content-intro"><p>At Trustpilot, we're on an incredible journey. We're a profitable, high-growth FTSE-250 company with a big vision: to become the universal symbol of trust. We run the world's largest independent consumer review platform, and while we've come a long way, there's still so much exciting work to do. Come join us at the heart of trust!</p></div><p>As an Account Executive at Trustpilot, you will be a lead architect in our mission to create a universal currency of trust. In an era where authenticity is everything, you’ll empower businesses to grow by leveraging the voices of millions of consumers. You aren't just selling a platform; you’re helping brands build lasting credibility in a high-energy, consultative environment where your impact is visible with a great earning potential.</p>
<p>You’ll be an integral part of the growth engine of Trustpilot and responsible for developing new business and converting generated leads into new customers. You’ll know how to uncover your client’s needs and use a consultative sales approach to offer the best and most valuable solution.</p>
<p><strong>What you’ll be doing:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Proactively build relationships and seek new business opportunities&nbsp;</li>
<li>Generate new business opportunities with prospective clients by targeting various verticals&nbsp;</li>
<li>Take ownership of the full 360 sales cycle (generating leads, demonstrating the product, pricing, negotiation and closing)</li>
<li>Illustrate the value of Trustpilot products and software solutions to demonstrate growth opportunities and return of investment</li>
<li>Compile and analyse data to present trends to prospects and clients</li>
<li>Work closely with your colleagues in Customer Success, Partnerships, Sales development and management to ensure that you offer the best solution to our customers</li>
<li>Build a healthy pipeline to ensure that you’re always exceeding your targets</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Who you are:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Fluent in Dutch along with English working proficiency</li>
<li>Proven experience in a similar commercial role</li>
<li>History of consistently reaching targets in a similar capacity over the past few years</li>
<li>Demonstrated experience with subscription-based, renewal license models</li>
<li>Ability to build and maintain trusted relationships with multiple stakeholders</li>
<li>Professional communication and negotiation skills</li>
<li>Possess a solid ability to manage high-impact conversations in a professional and solution-oriented manner</li>
<li>Enthusiasm for technology and for being a part of a fast-growing SaaS company</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>What's in it for you?</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Competitive compensation package + bonus</li>
<li>20 holiday days plus 5 extra holiday days after one year of employment</li>
<li>2 (paid) volunteering days a year to spend your time giving back to the causes that matter to you and your community</li>
<li>Rich learning and development opportunities supported through the Trustpilot Academy and Blinkist</li>
<li>Full access to Headspace, a popular mindfulness app-based service designed to promote positive mental health and access to a 24/7 Employee Assistance Plan</li>
<li>A friendly, fun and small office with Nintendo switch, a popcorn machine, coffee machine and tea with a mini ping pong table</li>
<li>Commuter allowance</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Still not sure?</strong></p>
<p>We want to be a part of creating a more diverse, equitable, and inclusive world of work for all. We’re excited to hear about your experiences as well as how you will contribute to our working culture. So, even if you don’t feel you don't meet all the requirements, we'd still really like to hear from you!</p>
<p>#LI-AP1</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>About us</strong></p>
<p>Trustpilot began in 2007 with a simple yet powerful idea that is more relevant today than ever — to be the universal symbol of trust, bringing consumers and businesses together through reviews. Trustpilot is open, independent, and impartial — we help consumers make the right choices and businesses to build trust, grow and improve.</p>
<p>Today, we have more than 300 million reviews and 64 million monthly active users on average across the globe, with 140 billion annual Trustbox impressions, and the numbers keep growing. We have more than 1,000 employees and we’re headquartered in Copenhagen, with operations in Amsterdam, Denver, Edinburgh, Hamburg, London, Melbourne, Milan and New York.&nbsp;</p>
<p>We’re driven by connection. It’s at the heart of what we do. Our culture keeps things fresh –– it’s built on the relationships we create. We talk, we laugh, we collaborate and we respect each other. We work across borders and cultures to be the universal symbol of trust in an ever-changing world. With vibrant office locations worldwide and over 50 nationalities, we’re proud to be an equal opportunity workplace with diverse perspectives and ideas.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Our purpose to help people and businesses help each other is a tall order, but we keep it real. We’re a great bunch of humans, doing awesome stuff, without fuss or pretense. A successful Trustpilot future is driven by you –– we give you the autonomy to shape a career you can be proud of. If you’re ready to grow, let’s go.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Join us at the heart of trust.</strong></p>
<p><em>Trustpilot is committed to creating an inclusive environment where people from all backgrounds can thrive and where different viewpoints and experiences are valued and respected. Trustpilot will consider all applications for employment without regard to race, ethnicity, national origin, religious beliefs, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, neurodiversity, disability, age, parental or veteran status. Together, we are the heart of trust.</em></p>
<p><em>Trustpilot is a global company and our data practices are designed to ensure that your personally identifiable information is appropriately protected. Please note that your personal information will be transferred, accessed, and stored globally as necessary for the uses and disclosures stated in our <a href="https://corporate.trustpilot.com/legal/for-everyone/data-privacy-notice-for-candidates/dec-2024">Privacy Policy.</a><br><br><em data-stringify-type="italic">If you have a disability and would like to discuss any adjustments you might need either in submitting your application, or to the recruitment process more generally, please let us know by contacting our Talent Acquisition Team (talent.acquisition@trustpilot.com)</em><em data-stringify-type="italic">&nbsp;quoting the role you wish to apply for.<br></em></em></p></div>