At Layup Parts our mission is to continually impress our customers. We are a startup utilizing the latest technology to reshape the composites industry by manufacturing high quality composite parts faster and more affordably than anyone else. Our customers are developing tomorrow's high tech products, and we are building technology to accelerate their success.

We value initiative and attitude and are building a team of outstanding individuals who take pride in their work, enjoy mentoring and learning from others, and are eager to tackle any challenge.

## You will work on:

- Internal tools and process development with the goal of accelerating our throughput, reducing opportunities for error, and reducing cost to our customers. Identifying, developing and implementing solutions to incorporate (physical and digital) automation into our workflows. In short - Look for ways to make us faster, and more consistent, then go make them real.
- Be “hands on” with different departments to understand their bottlenecks. You must be willing to jump in and help anyone so that you understand where the pain points are. Then articulate them as well as propose scalable solutions to those problems to leadership.
- Helping our software, manufacturing engineering, and production teams to bridge gaps in knowledge and make sure feedback is flowing.
- Assist in the budgeting, planning for, and commissioning of new equipment. Help in developing and implementing training programs for new equipment.
- Assist in the development of new manufacturing methods as the company grows its capabilities.

## Required:

- **Be awesome! Be the kind of person you want to work with!**
- Be a very strong engineer with a proven track record of exceptional ability driven by engineering fundamentals
- Drive projects single handedly without much guidance or input
- Have experience in startups or small teams in fast-paced and quickly changing environments
- Have a strong understanding of first principles physics.
- Have experience designing parts(preferably composite and metallic), systems, and mechanisms.
- Be proficient in a professional CAD suite (NX, SolidWorks, Catia, etc.) and be comfortable making professional drawings for manufacture.

## Preferred:

- Have basic proficiency in machining, metal fabrication, composites fabrication, and 3D printing.
- Have some level of coding/software knowledge (C++, Python, Matlab, VBA, Arduino, etc).

Actual base salary will be based on several factors including but not limited to candidates relevant education, experience, knowledge and skill in the core subject matter of the position as well as relevant peripheral qualifications.

Layup Parts also offers equity option grants with most full time offers, as well as a highly competitive benefits including: medical, dental, vision, short and long-term disability and life insurance. We have a competitive PTO plan including paid holiday and vacation time, as well as leave policy.

Layup is an equal-opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will be treated with respect and receive equal consideration for employment without regard to race, color, creed, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, uniform service, Veteran status, age, or any other protected characteristic per federal, state, or local law, including those with a criminal history, in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable state and local laws, including the CA Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance.

ITAR Requirements - To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C. § 1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C. § 1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR [here](https://www.pmddtc.state.gov/?id=ddtc_kb_article_page&sys_id=24d528fddbfc930044f9ff621f961987).