<div class="content-intro"><h2><strong>About Anthropic</strong></h2>
<p>Anthropic’s mission is to create reliable, interpretable, and steerable AI systems. We want AI to be safe and beneficial for our users and for society as a whole. Our team is a quickly growing group of committed researchers, engineers, policy experts, and business leaders working together to build beneficial AI systems.</p></div><h2 class="heading">About the role</h2><p>As a Business Development Representative at Anthropic, you'll drive the adoption of safe, frontier AI by optimizing our lead management processes and identifying new market opportunities. In this pivotal role, you'll enable our sales team to focus on high-value, revenue-generating activities by leveraging your analytical skills, project management expertise, and strategic thinking. Your role is critical in streamlining our sales pipeline and uncovering untapped potential in the AI market.</p><h2 class="heading">Responsibilities:</h2><ul><li><p>Maintain full ownership of pipeline generating activities in your sales territory</p></li><li><p>Collaborate with sales teams to understand their needs and optimize lead handoff processes</p></li><li><p>Manage and prioritize a high volume of inbound leads</p></li><li><p>Conduct initial qualifications for high-potential leads</p></li><li><p>Outbound against strategic prospects to generate high-intent opportunities with Startup and Enterprise teams</p></li><li><p>Support the development and execution of strategic outbound initiatives</p></li><li><p>Provide data-driven insights to inform sales strategies and resource allocation</p></li><li><p>Continuously refine processes to improve efficiency and effectiveness</p></li></ul><h2 class="heading">You may be a good fit if you have:</h2><ul><li><p>2-3+ years of experience in a fast-growing startup, preferably in a similar role </p></li><li><p>Strong analytical skills with the ability to translate data into actionable insights</p></li><li><p>Experience with Salesforce, HubSpot, and SQL (preferred)</p></li><li><p>Excellent communication and interpersonal skills</p></li><li><p>Ability to work in a fast-paced, dynamic environment</p></li><li><p>Passion for AI/ML and understanding of API-first or consumption-based business models</p></li><li><p>Fluent in Korean and English&nbsp;</p></li></ul><div class="content-conclusion"><h2><strong>Logistics</strong></h2>
<p><strong>Minimum education: </strong>Bachelor’s degree or an equivalent combination of education, training, and/or experience</p>
<p><strong>Required field of study:&nbsp;</strong>A field relevant to the role as demonstrated through coursework, training, or professional experience</p>
<p><strong>Minimum years of experience: </strong>Years of experience required will correlate with the internal job level requirements for the position</p>
<p><strong>Location-based hybrid policy:</strong> Currently, we expect all staff to be in one of our offices at least 25% of the time. However, some roles may require more time in our offices.</p>
<p><strong data-stringify-type="bold">Visa sponsorship:</strong>&nbsp;We do sponsor visas! However, we aren't able to successfully sponsor visas for every role and every candidate. But if we make you an offer, we will make every reasonable effort to get you a visa, and we retain an immigration lawyer to help with this.</p>
<p><strong>We encourage you to apply even if you do not believe you meet every single qualification.</strong> Not all strong candidates will meet every single qualification as listed.&nbsp; Research shows that people who identify as being from underrepresented groups are more prone to experiencing imposter syndrome and doubting the strength of their candidacy, so we urge you not to exclude yourself prematurely and to submit an application if you're interested in this work. We think AI systems like the ones we're building have enormous social and ethical implications. We think this makes representation even more important, and we strive to include a range of diverse perspectives on our team.<br><br><strong data-stringify-type="bold">Your safety matters to us.</strong> To protect yourself from potential scams, remember that Anthropic recruiters only contact you from&nbsp;@anthropic.com&nbsp;email addresses. In some cases, we may partner with vetted recruiting agencies who will identify themselves as working on behalf of Anthropic. Be cautious of emails from other domains. Legitimate Anthropic recruiters will never ask for money, fees, or banking information before your first day. If you're ever unsure about a communication, don't click any links—visit&nbsp;<u data-stringify-type="underline"><a class="c-link c-link--underline" href="http://anthropic.com/careers" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="http://anthropic.com/careers" data-sk="tooltip\_parent" data-remove-tab-index="true">anthropic.com/careers</a></u>&nbsp;directly for confirmed position openings.</p>
<h2><strong>How we're different</strong></h2>
<p>We believe that the highest-impact AI research will be big science. At Anthropic we work as a single cohesive team on just a few large-scale research efforts. And we value impact — advancing our long-term goals of steerable, trustworthy AI — rather than work on smaller and more specific puzzles. We view AI research as an empirical science, which has as much in common with physics and biology as with traditional efforts in computer science. We're an extremely collaborative group, and we host frequent research discussions to ensure that we are pursuing the highest-impact work at any given time. As such, we greatly value communication skills.</p>
<p>The easiest way to understand our research directions is to read our recent research. This research continues many of the directions our team worked on prior to Anthropic, including: GPT-3, Circuit-Based Interpretability, Multimodal Neurons, Scaling Laws, AI &amp; Compute, Concrete Problems in AI Safety, and Learning from Human Preferences.</p>
<h2><strong>Come work with us!</strong></h2>
<p>Anthropic is a public benefit corporation headquartered in San Francisco. We offer competitive compensation and benefits, optional equity donation matching, generous vacation and parental leave, flexible working hours, and a lovely office space in which to collaborate with colleagues. <strong data-stringify-type="bold">Guidance on Candidates' AI Usage:</strong>&nbsp;Learn about&nbsp;<a class="c-link" href="https://www.anthropic.com/candidate-ai-guidance" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://www.anthropic.com/candidate-ai-guidance" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">our policy</a>&nbsp;for using AI in our application process</p></div>