## 1KOMMA5°

At <strong>1KOMMA5°</strong>, we pursue a clear vision: <strong>Living on wind and sunlight forever for free</strong>. To make this a reality, we are building the energy system of the future with Heartbeat AI. Want to be part of it?<br>We bring together regional craftsmanship and scalable software: We don't think of solar, batteries, heat pumps, and e-mobility as isolated components, but control them as an intelligent, integrated overall system in our virtual power plant. Directly connected to the electricity market – in real time, fully automated. This way, energy is used when it is available from renewables and particularly cost-effective. By 2030, our goal is to transition 1.5 million households to renewable energies. Over 3,000 people are working towards this every day, at more than 80 locations worldwide, from Finland to Australia.<br><br><strong>Want to take responsibility and build solutions that truly matter? Apply now and help us shape the energy world of tomorrow.</strong><br><br>Learn <a href="https://1komma5.com/de/ueber-uns/jobs/tech/">more</a> about our Product &amp; Tech team!

## Deine Position

The Tech Business Partner (part-time student) role offers a unique opportunity to join one of Europe's most relevant and important start-ups. You will act as a crucial link between Tech and Business stakeholders, providing essential support and progressing to project involvement as your experience grows. This role reports directly to the Head of Workplace IT, and grants access to premium tech tools and invaluable exposure to the operations of a modern tech team while accommodating your studies<br>The average working day of a IT Support Specialist (student) role can be categories into 2 key value areas:<br><ol><li><strong>Tech Support &amp; Optimization</strong> - The goal here is not just to complete tickets, but to identify underlying patterns and bring these insights to the team to work on automation and process optimization. As your experience increases, you will gain access to more complex requests (Level 2 and 3). When facing a new challenge, you will collect all troubleshooting steps and collaborate with the team to learn the new skill.</li><li><strong>Tech Projects</strong> - You will be involved in projects that leverage your insights from support tickets to optimize business processes. You will contribute to significant initiatives, such as establishing AI productivity measures and modernizing our IT landscapes (revolving around Google Workspace and other Google offerings).</li></ol>

## Dein Profil

<ul><li>Technically sound with a good grasp of business technology solutions such as Google Workspace.</li><li>Ability to apply AI tools to improve and optimize personal and team operational tasks.</li><li>Proven ability to work both independently and collaboratively on technology-related projects.</li><li>Good people skills, capable of communicating technical solutions to non-technical stakeholders effectively.</li><li>Ability to collaborate in a fast-paced, agile environment and adapt to changing priorities.</li><li>Currently studying a relevant field, including an IT Bachelor's or Master's program, or equivalent.</li><li>Based in Berlin, Munich or Hamburg. Willingness to occasionally travel between these three locations.</li><li>English written and verbal communication (C1/C2). German is a plus!</li></ul>

## Benefits

<ul><li>Join one of the fastest growing German Startups in one of the most promising markets of the coming years</li><li>You move in flat hierarchies and have the opportunity to learn from everyone in the organization</li><li>Be part of a highly motivated team that has proven to make a difference</li><li>Support the energy transition and contribute to overcoming one of the greatest challenges of our time</li><li>Our modern offices in Munich, Berlin and Hamburg are waiting for you. Home Office and remote work are possible in alignment with your team</li><li>Receive your favorite hardware equipment (iPhone, Mac/Windows laptop, AirPods etc.)</li><li>Enjoy EGYM Wellpass and all the sporty benefits that come with it</li></ul>