<p><span style="text-decoration: underline;"><strong>Material Planning Controller - Days</strong></span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Derby, UK&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="text-decoration: underline;"><strong>Rate of Pay:</strong></span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> £13.98/hour&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="text-decoration: underline;"><strong>About The Team:</strong></span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This is a fantastic opportunity for someone with warehouse or stock management experience to join a rapidly growing team. You will support Inventory control and stock flow in the warehouse and production areas. Safely and efficiently control stock, execute regular stock audits, manage stock rotation and help with flow of stock. </span></p>
<p><span style="text-decoration: underline;"><strong>What You Will Be Doing:</strong></span></p>
<p>This role is responsible for material planning management and stock control processes,&nbsp; to ensure efficient operations and optimal stock levels. Responsible for maintaining accurate records, minimising stock discrepancies, and supporting the smooth functioning of our production and order fulfilment processes. Auditing daily and supporting root causes stock discrepancies</p>
<ul>
<li>Conduct regular physical stock counts and reconcile discrepancies between physical counts and system records, investigating and resolving any discrepancies identified.</li>
<li>Monitor stock levels regularly</li>
<li>Implement and enforce stock control procedures, including correct storage, handling, and labelling of materials, to ensure compliance with food safety standards.</li>
<li>Work closely with warehouse teams and Replen teams to coordinate inventory movements, during production and through cleardown.</li>
<li>Maintain up to date and accurate records within Matflo &nbsp;</li>
<li>Conduct daily stock audits efficiently and &nbsp;accurately raise any concerns or risk to Coordinator/Leads and or Inv Manager</li>
<li>Ensuring that Food Safety and Health &amp; Safety standards are met and sustainably maintained. You are required to cooperate with HelloFresh in all health and safety matters. &nbsp;You are responsible for ensuring your own health, safety and welfare in the activities you undertake. &nbsp;You must report incidents immediately and actively raise health and safety-related concerns to your Line Manager.</li>
<li>Undertaking basic problem solving activities and escalating to the Inventory Coordinator/ Lead and or &nbsp;Inv Manager where necessary.</li>
<li>Ensuring compliance with Standard Operating Procedures and Instructions.</li>
<li>MHE - prechecks and safety rules compliance</li>
<li>Undertaking audits and following through on actions regarding compliance to Food Safety; Health &amp; Safety Standards and any other specified standards eg: &nbsp;BRCGS, Food Safety</li>
<li>Willing to be &nbsp;involved in ad hoc projects as and when required.</li>
<li>Any other responsibilities/duties which would be reasonably expected as part of this role</li>
</ul>
<p><span style="text-decoration: underline;"><strong>Who You Are:</strong></span></p>
<ul>
<li>Flexibility to adapt to changing priorities and business needs.</li>
<li>Flexibility to work shifts and&nbsp; weekends.</li>
<li>Effective communication skills, both verbal and written, to collaborate with various stakeholders.</li>
<li>Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills, with a keen eye for detail.</li>
<li>Strong organisational and time management abilities, with the ability to prioritise tasks and meet deadlines.</li>
<li>Strong knowledge of inventory management principles, techniques, and best practices.</li>
<li>Proficient in using inventory management software or systems.</li>
<li>Proficient computer skills</li>
</ul>
<p><span style="text-decoration: underline;"><strong>What you will get in return:</strong></span></p>
<p>● 70% off HelloFresh or Green Chef boxes<br>● Company pension scheme<br>● Bippit account - financial support&nbsp;<br>● Mental health first aiders and an employee assistance programme<br>● Cycle to work scheme<br><br><strong data-stringify-type="bold">Location: </strong>The Windmill, Holme Lane, Spondon, Derby, DE21 7HW</p>
<p><strong>Work Schedule</strong>: Fixed Shift Patterns</p>
<p><strong>Next steps</strong>: Your application will be reviewed and if successful, a member of the Talent Acquisition Team will be in touch within 2 weeks</p>
<p>As part of our recruitment process, we undertake a Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) check for all successful candidates</p>
<p><strong><span data-sheets-value="{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:&quot;#JD1003&quot;}" data-sheets-userformat="{&quot;2&quot;:4224,&quot;10&quot;:2,&quot;15&quot;:&quot;Arial&quot;}">#JD1003</span></strong></p>
<p><span data-sheets-value="{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:&quot;#windmillwarehouse&quot;}" data-sheets-userformat="{&quot;2&quot;:20866,&quot;4&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:15987699},&quot;10&quot;:2,&quot;11&quot;:4,&quot;15&quot;:&quot;Arial&quot;,&quot;17&quot;:1}">#windmillwarehouse</span></p>
<p>You are required to cooperate with HelloFresh in all health and safety matters. You are responsible for ensuring you take reasonable care of your own health, and safety as well as others who may be affected by the work activities you undertake. You must report incidents immediately and actively raise health and safety-related concerns to your Line Manager.</p>
<p>If you are currently a HelloFresh employee, please make sure you have discussed your application with your Line Manager.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>