<div class="content-intro"><h2><span data-sheets-root="1">About Wolt</span></h2>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">At Wolt, we create technology that brings joy, simplicity and earnings to the neighborhoods of the world. In 2014 we started with delivery of restaurant food. Now we’re building the delivery of (almost) everything and you’ll find us in over 500 cities in 30 countries around the world. In 2022 we joined forces with DoorDash and together we keep on dreaming big and expanding across the globe.<br><br>Working at Wolt isn’t always easy, but it’s definitely exciting. Here you’ll learn more, build more, and ship more than in most other companies. You’ll be challenged a lot, but also have a lot of fun on the way. So, if you’re a self-starter with drive and entrepreneurial spirit, this could be the ride of your life.</span></p></div><p>Wolt is a Finnish technology company and until recently, we’ve been best known for our food delivery platform. On our mobile app or website, customers can order their favorite meals from our restaurant partners, and either pick their food up or have it delivered by our courier partners.&nbsp;</p>
<p>However, food delivery was just the start. We don’t want to just satisfy our customers’ hunger but to deliver a wide variety of products and expand our platform to some cool retail shops, supermarkets, flowers, toys and other exciting products, all referred to as Retail.</p>
<p>As a Merchant Operations Associate, you will be working with both restaurants and retail partners (merchants). To successfully run their Wolt-business, our merchants need our help on a daily basis when it comes to updating their menu/assortment, as well as making sure that all Wolt-equipment is functional.</p>
<p>As such, your primary tasks will be to make sure that menu assortments are updated in a timely and precise manner, as well as helping out our partners directly over the phone, if their hardware malfunctions. We want to make the partnership with Wolt as easy as possible for our merchants, but also guide them continuously toward self-service while giving them the necessary information/tools to avoid any future problems! Much of your work will be focused on volume and quantity and we hope you are interested in raising the bar, and continuously challenge yourself in terms of efficiency!</p>
<p>To sum everything up, you will be our foremost expert when it comes to menus and Wolt-equipment, and you will be an important part of setting the highest standards in both quality and efficiency. Your role will be an instrumental part of creating great business relationships with our merchants together with your fellow Wolt’ers!</p>
<h2>What you’ll be doing</h2>
<ul>
<li>Successfully onboard venues onto the Wolt platform and ensure an optimal and speedy process at all times</li>
<li>Responsible for creating, updating and maintaining menus/assortments for all active merchant partners on the Wolt platform, and making sure that both text and visuals reflect the Wolt brand.</li>
<li>Successfully handle support and troubleshooting in all matters related to gear and equipment in order to ensure optimal operational performance.</li>
<li>Continuously guiding merchants toward self-service, educating them on “how things work”, and showing them the best way forward in their collaboration with Wolt when it comes to their assortments.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Sharing best practices amongst the team and challenging the status quo.</li>
</ul>
<h2>Our humble expectations&nbsp;</h2>
<ul>
<li>Fluent in Icelandic and English to be able to both communicate with partners, and create the product selections in the local language and English.</li>
<li>Tech-savvy’ness and the ability to quickly learn and adapt to new tools will help you greatly in the role.</li>
<li>Experience with Excel/Google Sheets will be a strong advantage.</li>
<li>Excellent communication skills in both writing and on the phone.</li>
<li>Experience from a similar role in support is a plus.</li>
<li>Structured, detailed and service-oriented.</li>
<li>Self-starter with a ''can-do'' attitude and a drive to continuously improve on your own processes while raising the bar.&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<h2>What we offer</h2>
<ul>
<li>🏋️‍♂️ Growth opportunities in Wolt&nbsp;</li>
<li>😎 Cool office in the heart of Reykjavik near public transport</li>
<li>💻 MacBook, iPhone and company-paid subscription plan&nbsp;</li>
<li>🥗 Lunch plan, free office snacks, coffee and tea, and discounts on Wolt</li>
<li>🩹 Healthy insurance&nbsp;</li>
<li>🧑‍🤝‍🧑 Social gatherings</li>
</ul>
<h2>Next steps</h2>
<p>If you are excited about working in a high-growth environment, taking ownership, and being part of an ambitious and fun team, then click below to apply and get the conversation going!</p>
<p><iframe src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/GoL541\_xj9w" width="560" height="314"></iframe></p><div class="content-conclusion"><h2><span data-sheets-root="1">Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion</span></h2>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">We’re committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. That’s why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.</span></p></div>