<p>
  <strong>Headquarters:</strong> Remote, US
</p>

<div class="content"><div class="section-wrapper page-full-width"><div class="section page-centered"><div><b><span>Please be aware of recruiting scams! </span></b></div><div><br></div><div><b>All legitimate communication from our recruitment team will come from an official <a href="http://calstart.org">calstart.org</a> email address via email, we will not text you about a role you have not applied to or shown interest in. We will not perform any interviews via text or Zoom chat.</b></div><div><br></div><div><br></div><div><b>CALSTART does not ask for any fees or personal information such as social security numbers or bank details during the recruitment process.</b></div><div><br></div><div><br></div><div><b>About Us</b><span>:</span></div><div><br></div><div><span>CALSTART is a mission-driven industry organization focused on transportation decarbonization and clean air for all.</span></div><div><br></div><div><span>For over 30 years, it’s been CALSTART’s mission to develop, assess, and implement large-scale, zero-emission transportation solutions to mitigate climate change and support economic growth. CALSTART works with businesses, organizations, governments, and communities to create real-life impact toward clean air and equitable access to clean transportation for all. CALSTART provides scientific, technical and policy support for regulatory development and clean technology and infrastructure acceleration.</span></div><div><br></div><div><b>About the Role</b><span>&nbsp;</span></div><div><span>We are seeking a highly motivated Graphic Design Intern to support our Senior Digital Designer and Marketing team. You’ll contribute to projects that directly impact the creative and design team. This is a hands-on opportunity to gain exposure and experience in a professional design environment.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;</span></div></div><div class="section page-centered"><div><h3>What You Will Be Doing </h3><ul class="posting-requirements plain-list"><ul><li>Assist in reviewing and updating brand guidelines to ensure consistency across departments and channels.&nbsp;</li><li>Maintain and organize assets in the Adobe Creative Cloud Library, ensuring accessibility and brand alignment across teams.&nbsp;</li><li>Contribute to smaller-scale design projects, such as social media graphics, email templates, and internal communication materials.&nbsp;</li><li>Work closely with senior designers to build technical skills, gain an understanding of professional design processes, and develop portfolio-ready work.&nbsp;</li><li>Other duties as assigned.&nbsp;&nbsp;</li></ul></ul></div></div><div class="section page-centered"><div><h3>What You Bring To The Table </h3><ul class="posting-requirements plain-list"><ul><li>Currently pursuing or recently completed a degree in Graphic Design or a related field.&nbsp;</li><li>Strong organizational skills, attention to detail, and task management abilities.&nbsp;</li><li>Ability to communicate with multiple stakeholders and audiences.&nbsp;</li><li>Demonstrated ability to work independently and multi-task in a fast-paced remote work environment.&nbsp;</li><li>Proficient in Microsoft Office Suite, especially PowerPoint (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, etc.)&nbsp;</li><li>Strong interpersonal skills and ability to work collaboratively in internal and external teams with a proactive, solution-oriented approach.&nbsp;</li><li>Ability to work independently in a remote work environment.&nbsp;</li></ul></ul></div></div><div class="section page-centered"><div>$16 - $21 an hour</div><small><div><span>CALSTART values transparency and strives to provide as much information regarding compensation as possible. The complete salary range for this role is&nbsp;$16-21 per hour. We determine pay based on several factors, including but not limited to job-related skills, qualifications, experience, education, internal equity and other factors relevant to the job.&nbsp;</span></div></small></div><div class="section page-centered"><div><span>We understand that not everyone will match the above qualifications 100%. If your background isn't perfectly aligned but you feel you would be a great addition to the team, we'd love to hear from you.</span></div><div><br></div><div><span>We're a tight-knit team of world-class innovators, business minds, and change agents who believe passionately in our mission and put our team ahead of self. We are committed to the continued development and growth of our employees and invest in your success!</span></div><div><br></div><div><span>We care about your personal well being as much as your professional success and offer generous benefits to full time employees including: 100% company paid comprehensive health benefits for Medical, Dental, Vision, Short Term Disability, Long Term Disability and Life Insurance, Retirement plan with generous company contributions, FSA for Health and Dependent Care, 3 weeks of vacation time in the first year of employment, 11 paid company holidays, paid sick time, paid family leave, and more!</span></div><div><br></div><div><span>Our inclusive environment focuses on making decisions based on merit without regard to race, color, hair texture, gender, religion, age, nationality, social or ethnic origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, LGBTQIA+ status, marital status, pregnancy, disability, genetics, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.</span></div></div></div></div>

<p><strong>To apply:</strong> <a href="https://weworkremotely.com/remote-jobs/calstart-graphic-design-intern">https://weworkremotely.com/remote-jobs/calstart-graphic-design-intern</a></p>