<p><strong>Senior Fulfilment Manager</strong><br><strong>Full Time<br>St. Margaret’s, Co.Dublin, K67 P7E5</strong></p>
<p><br>As Head of Production, you will report into the Director of Operations and take full operational ownership of our site, leading the warehouse and planning teams as well as managing our 3PL partner. Your primary focus is to ensure the site runs efficiently, safely, and within budget while handling the complexities of a fast paced environment. You will be responsible for both daily performance (KPIs) and the long-term strategic development of the facility, including potential future expansions.</p>
<h4><strong>What you’ll do:</strong></h4>
<ul>
<li>Leading our Production site, including the warehouse and planning teams, as well as oversight of the 3PL managing our agencies and hourly workforce.</li>
<li>Drive continuous improvement across cost, quality and safety, while working in an ever changing and growing environment.</li>
<li>Lead and influence external stakeholders, balancing competing priorities and managing conflicting interests to achieve operational and business objectives.</li>
<li>Develop and execute multi-year strategic plans, including potential launch or expansion of our production site.</li>
<li>Drive operational performance by achieving key KPIs such as efficiency and error rates, with full accountability for labor, equipment, and continuous improvement budgets.</li>
<li>Collaborate closely with international sites to drive standardisation, best-practice sharing, and operational consistency.</li>
<li>Mentor, train and develop the team for career progression.</li>
</ul>
<h4><strong>What you’ll bring</strong></h4>
<ul>
<li>8+ years of experience managing operations or production, ideally in FMCG</li>
<li>Consistently tracking KPI’s and cost metrics in a high-pressure, fast-paced, fast paced and constantly changing environment.</li>
<li>Experience in labour-heavy and agency worker environments.</li>
<li>Strong understanding of health and safety and its application in a warehouse/production environment.</li>
<li>Deep knowledge of Lean manufacturing (black belt certification is preferred)</li>
<li>An egoless, collaborative approach: You are comfortable working across all levels of the organisation, welcome constructive challenge, and prioritise team success above all else.</li>
<li>Adaptability &amp; Agility: You thrive in fast-paced, evolving environments, navigating change with ease and making smart decisions under pressure.</li>
<li>Creative Problem-Solving: You bring an "outside-the-box" mindset, constantly identifying fresh ways to optimise our processes and improve how we work</li>
</ul>
<p>We’re looking for people who are passionate about making HelloFresh Ireland a great place to work. Whether you bring new energy, creative ideas, or a sharp eye for improvement, we value what makes you unique. We know that skills come from many places - so even if you don’t "tick all the boxes", if you’re excited about this role, we would really like to learn more about you.</p>
<h4><strong>What we offer</strong></h4>
<ul>
<li>The chance to have a serious impact on one of the fastest-growing technology companies in Europe in an exciting growth phase</li>
<li>Direct, high impact on our Operations setup from day one</li>
<li>A vibrant, international environment with mission-driven colleagues</li>
<li>A guaranteed steep learning curve &amp; boost for your career</li>
<li>Benefit from our selection of employee perks (70% off your HelloFresh boxes, private health insurance, employer matching pension program, cycle to work scheme, Mental health first aiders and an employee assistance programme, gym membership etc.)</li>
</ul>
<h5>If this sounds like a tasty opportunity, we’d be excited to hear from you.</h5>