<div class="content-intro"><h2><span data-sheets-root="1">About Wolt</span></h2>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">At Wolt, we create technology that brings joy, simplicity and earnings to the neighborhoods of the world. In 2014 we started with delivery of restaurant food. Now we’re building the delivery of (almost) everything and you’ll find us in over 500 cities in 30 countries around the world. In 2022 we joined forces with DoorDash and together we keep on dreaming big and expanding across the globe.<br><br>Working at Wolt isn’t always easy, but it’s definitely exciting. Here you’ll learn more, build more, and ship more than in most other companies. You’ll be challenged a lot, but also have a lot of fun on the way. So, if you’re a self-starter with drive and entrepreneurial spirit, this could be the ride of your life.</span></p></div><p>Wolt is a Finnish technology company and we’re best known for our food delivery platform. In 2014, we started with restaurant food delivery in Helsinki, Finland. Today, we're in the delivery of (almost) everything, our platform is available in 30+ countries and used by more than 50 million consumers, and our diverse and talented team is already over 14,000 strong. Now, together with DoorDash, we’re building a global leader in our industry.</p>
<p>The role you are looking at is a part of <strong>Wolt Market - our very own grocery stores</strong> that deliver unprecedented convenience and world leading customer experience. People across 21 countries can order their groceries and have them delivered to their doorstep at lightspeed!</p>
<p><strong>The Category Manager</strong> is responsible for building and managing the assortment and trading plan including pricing and promotions, as well as building relationships with suppliers and managing the category performance in Croatia. The Category Manager has full ownership of category performance across assigned categories.</p>
<h2>What you’ll be doing</h2>
<ul>
<li>Having full ownership of assigned category performance, including forecasting, monitoring, and reporting on the business.</li>
<li>Contributing to driving projects and trading strategy to achieve business goals.</li>
<li>Defining and continuously updating the assortment at store level to meet customer needs and optimise order economics.</li>
<li>Leading effective negotiations with suppliers to establish joint goals, improve cost structure, and sustainably grow the P&amp;L.</li>
<li>Influencing category design, contributing to new product groups, and improving customer experience to deliver growth.</li>
<li>Creating business plans for new opportunities and developing and executing project plans incorporating merchandising and pricing strategies.</li>
<li>Working cross functionally with counterparts in stock management, content, operations, marketing, finance, and retail systems to operate and grow the business.</li>
<li>Continually improving and automating manual processes to enable the team to scale better as the business grows.</li>
<li>Identifying performance gaps and implementing corrective actions to improve availability, sell through, margin, and waste.</li>
</ul>
<h2>Our humble expectations</h2>
<ul>
<li>Experience in grocery retail, category management, key account management, consulting, or a similar commercial environment with a proven track record of delivering results ideally with strong exposure to fresh categories.</li>
<li>Strong experience in supplier negotiations and commercial planning.</li>
<li>Strong analytical skills and ability to translate data into actionable insights.</li>
<li>Ability to think both strategically and operationally with high attention to detail.</li>
<li>Strong communication skills and experience negotiating with internal and external stakeholders.</li>
<li>Excellent skills in G Suite or MS Office (especially Excel).</li>
<li>Full professional proficiency in English and Croatian.</li>
</ul>
<h2>Next steps</h2>
<p>If you are excited about working in a high-growth environment, taking ownership, and being part of an extremely ambitious team redefining grocery shopping, then click below to apply and get the conversation going!</p>
<p>We will be reviewing applications on an on-going basis, so if this sounds like an opportunity you want to pursue, apply and submit your English CV/resume today!</p>
<p><iframe src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/T10nqKEgkmE" width="560" height="314"></iframe></p><div class="content-conclusion"><h2><span data-sheets-root="1">Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion</span></h2>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">We’re committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. That’s why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.</span></p></div>