<p><strong>To protect and build a future shaped by original ideas, innovations, and creativity.</strong></p>
<p>From counterfeits and pirated content to fraudulent sites and unauthorized sellers, MarqVision provides an end-to-end brand integrity platform across e-commerce, social media and emerging AI platforms. Our AI-powered managed service platform for brand control and intelligence enables rapid, scalable enforcement so that brands can move faster, protect revenue, and preserve brand equity across every digital touchpoint. In a time when IP infringements pose an increasingly serious challenge, we believe that democratizing legal expertise and access to the latest in generative AI technology is critical for continuing to support the inventors, developers, and artists of the world who work tirelessly to deliver safe, high-quality products. Founded by Harvard Law graduates in 2020, MarqVision recently raised Series B, bringing total funding to $89M, and is backed by Y Combinator, Peak XV (formerly Sequoia Capital India), HSG (formerly Sequoia Capital China), Salesforce Ventures, Altos Ventures, DST Global Partners, and Softbank. Recognized with an LVMH Innovation Award and the Inc 5000 Fastest Growing Companies award in 2025, MarqVision continues to push boundaries in brand control, ensuring that innovation, creativity, and trust remain safeguarded in a rapidly evolving digital world.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>How&nbsp;You'll&nbsp;Make&nbsp;an&nbsp;Impact&nbsp;at&nbsp;MarqVision</strong></p>
<p>As MarqVision’s global expansion continues to accelerate, the importance of a strong and efficient accounting function has never been greater.&nbsp;The Accounting Manager of APAC is a key member of MarqVision’s Finance organization and will be responsible for overseeing critical areas of revenue and general accounting operations across the APAC region. This includes revenue recognition for the Korea entity, Korean government contract programs such as KOIPA, MarqFolio Korea bookings, general accounting matters for APAC entities, including Korea and China, and participation in our ERP implementation with NetSuite.</p>
<p>This role will help drive financial efficiency through accurate accounting, strong operational execution, and seamless collaboration with both internal and external stakeholders. We are looking for someone who is excited about making a meaningful impact in scaling MarqVision’s accounting operations to support our continued global growth, while also gaining significant personal and professional development along the way.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>What You'll Achieve</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Manage accounting for APAC entities, including Korea entity revenue recognition and general ledger activities.</li>
<li>Prepare bank reconciliations, support Korean tax filings, manage local statutory audits, calculate and record transfer pricing entries, and perform other responsibilities assigned by the Corporate Controller.</li>
<li>Participate in and support ERP implementation efforts, including NetSuite, as well as various accounting systems administration initiatives in collaboration with cross-functional stakeholders and the corporate accounting team.</li>
<li>Oversee the China entity accountant.</li>
<li>Maintain oversight of the Korea and China entity ledgers and report monthly results to corporate accounting for consolidation.</li>
<li>Prepare balance sheet account reconciliations and flux analyses for APAC entities.</li>
<li>Support ad hoc projects and other tasks as assigned by the Corporate Controller.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Skills You Bring</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Bachelor’s degree in a relevant field (e.g., Business, Accounting) or equivalent qualification.</li>
<li>5+ years of experience in accounting and accounting systems</li>
<li>Proficient and experienced in ERP implementation (a plus if have NetSuite implementation experience) and accounting systems</li>
<li>Highly detail-oriented, responsible, and equipped with logical and analytical thinking skills.</li>
<li>Self-motivated professional with a proactive attitude and a strong desire to grow a successful accounting career.</li>
<li>Excellent communication and interpersonal skills for effective cross-functional collaboration.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Nice to Have</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Experience with month-end close processes.</li>
<li>Fluency in both Korean and English is highly preferred.</li>
<li>Strong understanding of K-IFRS and U.S. GAAP accounting standards.</li>
<li>Comprehensive understanding of SaaS business</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Additional Reference</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><a href="https://www.marqvision.com/blog">MarqVision Company Blog</a></li>
<li><a href="https://www.marqvision.com/leadership">Leadership Team</a></li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Be Part of the MarqVision Team</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>전 세계 10여 개국의 팀원들과 함께 글로벌한 임팩트를 만들어갈 수 있습니다.</li>
<li>유연근무제(8~10AM 출근)와 재택근무(주 2일)를 통해 최적의 업무 환경을 선택할 수 있습니다.</li>
<li>입사 시 미국 주식 기반의 스톡옵션을 제공합니다.</li>
<li>구성원들의 건강을 위해 정기 건강검진을 지원합니다.</li>
<li>개인의 성장을 위해 오피스에서 영어 회화 교육을 지원합니다.</li>
<li>오피스 출근 시 점심 식대를, 야근 시 저녁 식대 및 택시비를 지원합니다.</li>
<li>팀 빌딩을 위한 팀 단위 회식비를 지원합니다.</li>
<li>다양한 간식, 음료, 커피, 맥주 등을 제공합니다.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Equal Opportunity</strong></p>
<p>At MarqVision, we believe real growth comes with attracting the brightest minds, motivating them to succeed in their position, and ensuring plenty of fun along the way. If you think this position is for you, apply now! MarqVision is an Equal Opportunity Employer and encourages applicants of all backgrounds to apply. We are committed to building a diverse and inclusive workforce that reflects the customers and communities we serve.</p>
<p>By applying for this role, you acknowledge MarqVision’s Global Recruiting Privacy Policy. Your privacy is important to us. Please review our <a href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/1rWdOaSaiZyfYVVP71sQfPd-XnV93oVmFyjP8URCnHJg/edit?tab=t.0">Candidate Privacy Notice</a>.</p>