<p><span style="color: #000000;"><strong>About us @Symphony</strong></span></p>
<p><span style="color: #000000;">We’ve spent the last 10 years building a communication and markets technology company, powered by interconnected platforms: messaging, voice, directory and analytics.&nbsp; Over 1000 institutions use our modular technology built for global finance. Security is in our DNA with uncompromising data protection, end-to-end encryption and resilient architecture, all created on a foundation of trust with our customers .&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="color: #000000;"><strong>But that was only chapter one.</strong> We’re now building on our purpose-built network, expanding AI-powered, real-time collaboration, redefining flexibility with fully cloud-native software with our trader voice product, and rethinking the industry’s approach to identity verification, connection and intelligence. .</span></p>
<p><span style="color: #000000;"><strong>The opportunity and our ambition are huge</strong>. But we need passionate, dedicated individuals to get there. At Symphony we work hard and fast. Our unique blend of technology and financial services makes it an environment you won't get elsewhere.</span></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><span style="text-decoration: underline;"><strong>Role Description:</strong></span></p>
<p><span style="color: #000000;">We are seeking an enthusiastic and detail-oriented systems and analytics intern or graduate to join our team on a 9 month fixed term contract with a specific focus on HR systems and analytics. Symphony has a data-first approach, leveraging data and insights to drive key business decisions including those associated with our most important asset, our people. This contract offers a unique opportunity to understand the criticality of people data and the importance of a people data strategy in the overall firm’s success. In this role, the intern or graduate will gain hands-on experience in the day to day operations and optimization of our HR technology platforms (Workday, Greenhouse, ZenDesk), as well as contribute to data-driven insights that inform people-centric decisions and initiatives in alignment with our people strategy. You will work closely with the HR team, learning about the critical role of HR systems in managing the employee lifecycle and how data can be leveraged to create an inclusive and high-performing workplace. This role also works closely with key cross-functional partners in engineering, operations, and finance.</span></p>
<p><span style="color: #000000;">Join us for an enriching experience where you will be an integral part of our HR team, contributing to the growth and success of our workforce. Apply now and be part of our people-centric journey!</span></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><span style="text-decoration: underline;"><span style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0); text-decoration: underline;"><strong>Key Responsibilities:</strong></span></span></p>
<ul>
<li><span style="color: #000000;">Assist in the day-to-day administration and maintenance of our HR systems, ensuring </span><span style="color: #000000;">data accuracy and integrity</span></li>
<li><span style="color: #000000;">Support the HR team with accurate and timely data entry, updates, and audits.</span></li>
<li><span style="color: #000000;">Assist in generating and analysing reports to identify trends, provide insights, and </span><span style="color: #000000;">support decision-making in areas such as recruitment, performance, and employee </span><span style="color: #000000;">engagement</span></li>
<li><span style="color: #000000;">Contribute to HR system projects, including testing new features, documenting </span><span style="color: #000000;">processes, and supporting the implementation of system enhancements</span></li>
<li><span style="color: #000000;">Assist in responding to employee inquiries, providing guidance and support as needed.</span></li>
<li><span style="color: #000000;">Assist in creating and maintaining user guides, training materials, and process </span><span style="color: #000000;">documentation for HR</span></li>
<li><span style="color: #000000;">Support with day to day HR operations tasks as required</span></li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><span style="text-decoration: underline;"><span style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0); text-decoration: underline;"><strong>Required Qualifications:</strong></span></span></p>
<ul>
<li><span style="color: #000000;">Enrolled in or completed a degree program related to Business Administration,</span></li>
<li><span style="color: #000000;">Information Systems or a related field</span></li>
<li><span style="color: #000000;">Highly detailed-oriented</span></li>
<li><span style="color: #000000;">Strong math and analytical skills</span></li>
<li><span style="color: #000000;">An interest in technology and the efficiencies it can bring</span></li>
<li><span style="color: #000000;">Strong problem-solving skills and the ability to adapt in a dynamic environment</span></li>
<li><span style="color: #000000;">Strong communication and interpersonal skills</span></li>
<li><span style="color: #000000;">Excellent organizational skills and attention to detail</span></li>
<li><span style="color: #000000;">Proficiency in Excel or G-sheets and in G-Suite, Microsoft Office, or similar software</span></li>
<li><span style="color: #000000;">Ability to handle sensitive information with confidentiality and professionalism</span></li>
<li><span style="color: #000000;">A keen interest in human resources and a desire to learn about various HR functions</span></li>
<li><span style="color: #000000;">Previous experience or coursework in HR or related areas is a plus but not required</span></li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p></p>
<p><span style="text-decoration: underline;"><strong>Compensation:</strong></span></p>
<ul>
<li>Competitive salary</li>
<li>Bonus Plan</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><span style="text-decoration: underline;"><strong>Benefits and Perks:</strong></span></p>
<ul>
<li>Regional specific competitive benefits</li>
<li>Build your own Benefits (BYOB) perk</li>
<li>Local events, team building, and development opportunities&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. We will ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p></p>