<p><strong>About Osmosis</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">At Osmosis, we believe that everyone who cares for someone can learn by Osmosis. Our </span><a href="http://www.osmosis.org/world"><span style="font-weight: 400;">global team's</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> mission is to empower clinicians and caregivers with the best learning experience possible, increase healthcare capacity, and ultimately improve patient outcomes. In 2021, we partnered with Elsevier - the world’s leading publisher and health information company. Together, we’ve translated our content into more languages and expanded our international reach all while continuing to create up-to-date content that supports today’s healthcare learners through their educational journey. We are excited to keep working towards our goal of educating a billion people by 2025 and creating a more caring world by developing the most caring people!</span></p>
<p><strong>About the Program</strong></p>
<p>Osmosis is seeking Student Leaders in Healthcare!&nbsp;&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li><strong>Current health professional student </strong>[MD, DO, MBBS, DDS, PharmD, NP, PA, PT, OT, Veterinary, or other] with a strong academic standing</li>
<li><strong>Current or former <a href="http://www.osmosis.org">Osmosis Prime</a> subscriber</strong> with at least 3 months of usage</li>
<li><strong>Passionate and creative leader</strong> who imagines more to improve medical education and healthcare outcomes</li>
<li><strong>Lifelong learner</strong> who reaches further and wants to develop professionally</li>
<li><strong>Mission and values-aligned </strong>teammate who can build and foster relationships with Osmosis teammates and a global medical community</li>
<li><strong><strong id="docs-internal-guid-d36bdd21-7fff-1ec8-d1b3-2284b26fd729">Proactive and solutions-oriented&nbsp;</strong></strong>teammate who has a bias towards action and solving problems collaboratively.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>What You'll Do<br><br></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">As a student of the Osmosis Health Leadership Initiative, you will serve as a key member of the Osmosis team and a leader on your campus! Over the course of an academic year (from August 2024 to April 2025), you’ll lead events at your school, publish blogs and social media content, connect with healthcare students around the globe, and improve medical education through feedback, hackathons, and your own creative innovation! You’ll help </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">advance our mission of empowering clinicians and caregivers around the world and spread the Osmosis </span><a href="http://www.osmosis.org/about"><span style="font-weight: 400;">values</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help create a more caring world!</span></p>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><strong>Meet Monthly</strong><span style="font-weight: 400;"> - Join our fun, engaging, one-hour meetings each month to participate in curated professional development sessions with top healthcare leaders, hear exclusive updates about Osmosis, and connect with students around the globe.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><strong>Provide feedback</strong><span style="font-weight: 400;"> - Have your voice heard and share important feedback on Osmosis and Elsevier products in our monthly surveys and optional focus groups.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><strong>Host events or workshops at your school - </strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">With the guidance of our team, you will lead one (or more) event or workshop each semester. You can get creative and host Panel Discussions, Trivia Nights, Study Sessions, Wellness events, and more!</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><strong>Share helpful resources with classmates</strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">, </span><strong>faculty, and schools </strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">- Have your colleagues’ backs by sharing medical education resources from Osmosis!</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><strong>Connect with some of the brightest minds in Education:</strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">&nbsp; Connect and collaborate with healthcare students, leaders, and mentors within our community.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><strong>Go viral on the</strong><span style="font-weight: 400;"> </span><strong>Osmosis </strong><a href="https://www.osmosis.org/blog"><strong>blog </strong></a><strong>and </strong><a href="https://www.instagram.com/osmosismed/?hl=en"><strong>social media</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> - Brush up on your creative skills by publishing content on our blog and social pages!</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><strong>Innovate</strong> - Share new ideas in our Hackathon and special projects to help us improve medical education!</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>What You'll Receive:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><strong>Earn FREE access for up to 6 months of Osmosis Prime</strong><span style="font-weight: 400;"> (valued at $179 USD)</span></li>
<li data-stringify-indent="1" data-stringify-border="0"><strong data-stringify-type="bold">Get Rewarded&nbsp;</strong>each semester for completing program requirements with Gift Cards and other perks</li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><strong>Build your resume</strong> by being part of this exclusive leadership program. Receive a certificate of completion for completing requirements and even a letter of recommendation for outstanding performance. After the program you may have opportunities to grow into leadership roles within the program or other roles at Osmosis.</li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><strong>Get access to exclusive resources and Osmosis Staff</strong> - Work on special projects directly with the Osmosis team and enjoy direct access to mentors in our network.</li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><strong>Have your voice heard</strong> and influence the direction of Osmosis health education offerings by sharing your feedback and experience regularly.</li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><strong>Be a leader among your classmates.&nbsp;</strong>Help your classmates succeed by sharing resources, hosting events, and publishing relevant content about your experience.</li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><strong>Broaden your network</strong> and form connections with Thought Leaders in Health Education, as well as with fellow students at different programs around the globe!</li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><strong>Publish articles and content&nbsp;<span style="font-weight: 400;">- Osmosis has a large audience of health professional students who are eager to hear your stories, tips, and advice. Build your personal brand through social media posts, blog articles, webinars, and more!</span></strong></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>To apply, please submit the following:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Resume or&nbsp; Linked In URL</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Average GPA for the last academic year</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Amount of hours you can to commit to the program each month</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">200 words or less on “What would you like to get out of this program?” or “Why would you like to join this program”</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Video Testimonial of 2 minutes or less answering the following questions <em>(Because part of your role will be representing Osmosis on your campus, it's important you're comfortable sharing your story. This application video may be used for internal and external marketing purposes)</em>:</span>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Who you are (Name, School, Location, Year, and Degree)</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Why you use Osmosis</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">What you hope to accomplish in your medical career</span></li>
</ul>
</li>
<li><span style="font-weight: 400;">Your unique referral code at Osmosis (</span><a href="http://www.osmosis.org/referral"><span style="font-weight: 400;">www.osmosis.org/referral</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">)&nbsp;</span>
<ul>
<li><span style="font-weight: 400;">Preferred: Screenshot of at least 5 referrals you’ve shared with your network</span></li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<p><strong><em>This is a part time role at 5-7 hours per month minimum.</em></strong></p>
<p><em><span style="font-weight: 400;">One of our values is to “Open Your Arms”. In line with this, if you have any specific needs that may require a different method for application submission, please reach out to us at </span></em><a href="mailto:careers@osmosis.org"><em><span style="font-weight: 400;">careers@osmosis.org</span></em></a><em><span style="font-weight: 400;">.</span></em></p>
<div id="content" class="">
<p><em>Osmosis is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or other status protected by law.</em></p>
</div>