<p><strong>About us @Symphony</strong></p>
<p>We’ve spent the last 10 years building a communication and markets technology company, powered by interconnected platforms: messaging, voice, directory and analytics.&nbsp; Over 1000 institutions use our modular technology built for global finance. Security is in our DNA with uncompromising data protection, end-to-end encryption and resilient architecture, all created on a foundation of trust with our customers.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>But that was only chapter one.</strong> We’re now building on our purpose-built network, expanding AI-powered, real-time collaboration, redefining flexibility with fully cloud-native software with our trader voice product, and rethinking the industry’s approach to identity verification, connection and intelligence.</p>
<p><strong>The opportunity and our ambition are huge</strong>. But we need passionate, dedicated individuals to get there. At Symphony we work hard and fast. Our unique blend of technology and financial services makes it an environment you won't get elsewhere.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong><u>Role Description:</u></strong></p>
<p>Symphony is seeking a qualified Design Specialist. ​​You should have in-depth marketing experience and a passion for developing visually compelling and effective campaigns through creative design best practices. You will be responsible for the creative production stack including design tools, asset management and ensuring brand consistency across all marketing channels.&nbsp;Reporting to the Head of Corporate Marketing, you will work closely with different&nbsp;teams including product marketing, product design, content marketing, digital marketing,&nbsp;business operations and communications to translate strategic goals into high-impact visual&nbsp;assets.</p>
<p>Your role encourages the delivery of creative assets designed to drive industry-leading&nbsp;engagement and response rates. A key part of your work will involve executing account-based&nbsp;marketing campaign visuals and exploring new design concepts. You are also expected to&nbsp;provide forward-thinking creative ideas, which will help build and maintain an outstanding brand&nbsp;presence. Finally, you will champion and own the corporate brand strategy, ensuring all&nbsp;outward-facing materials and communications consistently reflect our core values, voice and&nbsp;visual identity to strengthen market perception and recognition.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong><u>Responsibilities:</u></strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Create visually compelling and on-brand marketing materials, including digital ads, social&nbsp;media graphics, email templates, website banners, landing page layouts, flyers and&nbsp;presentations.</li>
<li>Ensure all creative assets adhere to brand guidelines, maintaining consistency in visual identity, tone and messaging across all channels.</li>
<li>Work closely with the marketing team (content, product marketing, demand generation)&nbsp;to translate campaign objectives and strategies into high-impact design solutions.</li>
<li>Design and update web pages and digital assets with a focus on user experience (UX)&nbsp;and conversion rate optimization (CRO).</li>
<li>Organize and maintain a library of creative assets, ensuring files are properly archived&nbsp;and easily accessible for the wider team.</li>
<li>Develop print collateral such as brochures, event signage, and booth graphics.</li>
<li>Participate in A/B testing of design variations to optimize performance and engagement&nbsp;metrics.</li>
<li>Stay up-to-date with the latest design trends, tools, and technologies in marketing and&nbsp;digital media. In particular explore AI solutions to make design work more efficient.</li>
<li>Coordinate with external agencies, printers and vendors to ensure quality and timely&nbsp;delivery of projects.</li>
<li>Monitor competition and provide ideas to stand out.</li>
<li>Stay up-to-date with design technology developments and best practices.</li>
<li>Keep pace with a demanding, constantly evolving and highly driven environment.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong><u>Required Qualifications:</u></strong></p>
<ul>
<li>2+ years of experience creating high-impact visual content for diverse digital and print marketing campaigns.</li>
<li>Expert proficiency in industry-standard design and prototyping tools (e.g., Adobe&nbsp;Creative Suite, Figma, Sketch).</li>
<li>Strong understanding of design principles for digital media, including user experience&nbsp;(UX), conversion rate optimization (CRO), and responsive design.</li>
<li>Demonstrated ability to maintain and champion corporate brand strategy and visual&nbsp;identity across all outward-facing materials.</li>
<li>Familiarity with digital asset management (DAM) and creative production workflows.</li>
<li>Ability to effectively translate marketing objectives and strategies into compelling visual&nbsp;design solutions.</li>
<li>Strong project management skills, with the ability to manage multiple design tasks and&nbsp;meet deadlines in a fast-paced environment.</li>
<li>Excellent communication (written and verbal) and collaboration skills for working with&nbsp;content, product, and marketing teams.</li>
<li>Bachelor's degree in Graphic Design, Visual Arts, Digital Media or a related design field.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong><u>Compensation:</u></strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Competitive Salary</li>
<li>Bonus Plan</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong><u>Benefits and Perks:</u></strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Regional specific competitive benefits</li>
<li>Build your own Benefits (BYOB) perk</li>
<li>Local events, team building, and development opportunities&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. We will ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>