At Swile, we believe that good products can help reduce friction in daily professional life and boost employee satisfaction. Today, we provide innovative solutions in various areas such as Fintech, Travel, HR, and Employee Benefits to more than 5.5 million users in 85,000 companies in France and Brazil.

Your role as a Senior Mobile Engineer centers around creatively solving problems, ensuring a balance between speed, pragmatism and excellence. It's less about the specific technologies used and more about crafting innovative solutions to business and engineering challenges.

You’ll be joining one of our mobile experience teams and will contribute to build a strong mobile platform used by the other product domains.

## As a Senior Mobile Engineer, your mission will be to:

- Demonstrate proficiency in problem & data analysis.
- Collaborate with a variety of teams to offer pragmatic solutions to real world problems and take ownership to implement them end to end.
- Create, design, develop, test, and monitor your code in production autonomously and reliably.
- Work with the Engineering Manager to design solutions and be accountable for their execution.
- Obtain a good understanding of the business to provide relevant solutions to users and clients.
- Be a facilitator and contribute to the information flow to the relevant stakeholders.
- Stay up-to-date on new technologies and architectures. Demonstrate good judgment in their potential Swile applications.
- Provide positive, constructive and qualitative feedback during code reviews. Mentor and promote tech growth within the team.

## ✨It will be a perfect match if you:

- We welcome individuals with entrepreneurial backgrounds as well as those from established organizations. At Swile, we believe that delivering impactful products requires engineers to understand the needs of users and clients as well as the code itself.
- Have significant mobile engineering experience and willingness to get out of  your comfort zone.
- Any experience with cross mobile platform mobile frameworks is a bonus.
- Be curious and bridge the gap between mobile, frontend and backend.
- Value code simplicity, quality, performance and maintainability.
- Can design pragmatic & simple architectures to solve problems at scale.
- Want to work in a fast, high-growth startup environment that respects its engineers and customers.
- You are a future responsible swiler: you share [our commitment](https://www.welcometothejungle.com/en/companies/swile/impact) to the environment, diversity, fairness and inclusion and are prepared to work every day to improve individual and collective performance.

## 📓 One thing worth to be mentioned

- We welcome individuals with entrepreneurial backgrounds as well as those from established organizations. At Swile, we believe that delivering impactful products requires engineers to understand the needs of users and clients as well as the code itself.

## ⚒️ Our tech stack

- You do not need to be familiar with our technical stack or any specific functional area, but we have a strong willingness to learn and adapt quickly.
- Ruby/Rails, Typescript/React/[Node.js](http://node.js/)
- Android(Kotlin), iOS(Swift)
- AWS/Kubernetes, PostgreSQL, Kafka, Redis, Snowflake

## 💡What’s in it for you ?

- An opportunity to integrate a dynamic team of talented engineers.
- A collaborative work environment that values innovation and creativity.
- Competitive salary and benefits package.
- Professional development and career growth opportunities.