<p><strong>Who we are:</strong></p>
<p>AlphaSights is the leading global knowledge platform. Our sophisticated technology platform enables our clients, our people, and our experts to connect, collaborate, and transfer globally distributed knowledge faster than ever before. Professionals at investment firms, consultancies, corporations and nonprofits rely on us to connect them seamlessly with knowledgeable domain experts who help enhance their thinking, inform critical decisions and propel their business forward. Founded in 2008, AlphaSights currently employs more than 1,500 professionals in nine offices around the globe and regularly ranks as one of the fastest-growing companies in the world.</p>
<p><strong>The role:</strong></p>
<p>As a Senior Product Analyst at AlphaSights' Technology &amp; Strategy team, you'll drive growth from day one by optimizing our technology investments. Teaming up with a Group Product Manager, you'll report on product usage and unveil insights to guide product development. We value bright minds over titles, empowering you with the autonomy to solve complex problems and continuously strive for excellence in your product area. This role is a unique opportunity for proactive problem-solvers who crave impact, thrive in dynamic teams, and relish diverse challenges in a disruptive, fast-growing industry. We seek hardworking, motivated individuals eager to apply their analytical skills to boost business growth.</p>
<p><strong>What you’ll do:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><strong>Data-informed insight generation</strong>: Leverage internal and external analytics tools to analyze user behavior and develop structured insights that shape our product roadmap.</li>
<li><strong>Adoption monitoring &amp; reporting</strong>: Create compelling dashboards and presentations that highlight user adoption trends and impact measurements.</li>
<li><strong>Product discovery support</strong>: Collaborate with product managers to identify user problems and commercial opportunities through analytics and user interviews.</li>
<li><strong>End-to-end metric definition</strong>: Work with software engineering teams to plan database structures for new products, ensuring crucial user actions are tracked effectively.</li>
<li><strong>Impact goal setting:</strong> Define, measure, and monitor key performance indicators (KPIs) to ensure our products drive meaningful business outcomes.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Who you are:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><strong>High-achieving professional</strong> with 2+ years of analytical experience with a successful track record.</li>
<li><strong>Analytical problem solver</strong>: You thrive in data-rich environments and love using your technical skills to solve problems.</li>
<li><strong>Autonomous: </strong>You quickly take ownership of your work and always look for ways to improve current processes and techniques.</li>
<li><strong>Proactive and relentless</strong>: Your deep passion for your work drives you to navigate obstacles with tenacity, even in ambiguous situations.</li>
<li><strong>Effective communicator</strong>: You excel at conveying complex technical analyses to non-technical audiences in an accessible manner.</li>
<li><strong>Insatiably curious</strong>: For you, simply completing a task isn't enough; you strive unyieldingly until you've discovered the best possible solution.</li>
<li><strong>Team-oriented</strong>: You believe in the power of collaboration to drive success.</li>
<li><strong>Impact-focused</strong>: Your approach is consistently outcome-oriented.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Technical skills:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Proficiency in Excel, PowerPoint and Word</li>
<li>Proficiency in SQL is a strong plus</li>
<li>Experience with multiple reporting mediums (e.g., Hex, Tableau, etc.) is a plus</li>
<li>Familiarity with coding (Python, R, or VBA / Apps Script) is a plus</li>
<li>Candidates must pass a quantitative test to proceed with the application process.</li>
</ul>
<p>AlphaSights is an equal opportunity employer. For more information about our team, how we build our tech, and our benefits, visit <a href="https://www.alphasights.com/careers/engineering-product/">https://www.alphasights.com/careers/engineering-product/</a>.</p>