<h2><strong>The Role</strong></h2>
<p>At HelloConnect, you will be part of a dynamic team in Inoza tower that embraces innovation and leverages advanced technology to create exceptional experiences. Our culture is built on collaboration, continuous learning, and a commitment to excellence. You’ll have the opportunity to work on impactful projects, develop your skills, and grow within a supportive environment that values diverse perspectives and experiences.</p>
<p>In this role, you will take on a key responsibility in leading change management, continuous improvement, and process automation within our HR Shared Service Center, contributing to our ongoing efforts to drive business success and enhance customer satisfaction.</p>
<p>We’re looking for passionate individuals who can bring their unique skills and ideas to the table. Even if you don't meet every requirement but believe you’d excel in this role, we’d love to hear from you!</p>
<h2><strong>What you’ll do</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Quality Assurance and Continuous Improvement:</li>
<ul>
<li>Establish and implement quality assurance frameworks to uphold operational standards and drive continuous improvement within the HR SSC.</li>
<li>Champion the adoption of lean principles and Six Sigma methodologies to streamline processes and enhance efficiency.</li>
<li>Identify areas for improvement through comprehensive data analysis and lead initiatives to optimize HR processes.</li>
</ul>
<li>Change Management and Training:</li>
<ul>
<li>Develop and implement change management frameworks tailored to the HR SSC's needs, ensuring effective organizational transitions.</li>
<li>Create comprehensive training curricula aligned with change management strategies to support employee development and transition readiness.</li>
<li>Assess the effectiveness of training programs and adjust strategies as necessary to meet evolving needs.</li>
<li>Facilitate process and process improvements training, whenever appropriate</li>
</ul>
<li>Process Automation Integration:</li>
<ul>
<li>Collaborate with stakeholders to identify opportunities for process automation and enhancement within the HR SSC.</li>
<li>Contribute to the development and implementation of an automation roadmap, overseeing the integration of automation solutions to optimize processes.</li>
<li>Lead piloting and testing of automation solutions, making data-driven decisions to improve performance and efficiency.</li>
</ul>
<li>Communication and Stakeholder Engagement:</li>
<ul>
<li>Communicate change initiatives, quality standards, and training programs to all relevant stakeholders, ensuring engagement and alignment.</li>
<li>Foster strong relationships with country stakeholders, HR teams, and cross-functional partners to facilitate collaborative change and improvement initiatives.</li>
</ul>
</ul>
<h2><strong>What you’ll bring</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>With at least three years of experience in a similar capacity within an HR Shared Services Center (SSC) environment.</li>
<li>In-depth experience in Change and/or Project management&nbsp;</li>
<li>Preferably with Six Sigma Yellow/Green belt certification.</li>
<li>Proficiency in lean methodologies and experience in implementing automation solutions such as RPA and chatbots.</li>
<li>Strong understanding of HR processes and systems, with a focus on driving operational excellence.</li>
<li>Excellent project management skills with a proven track record of implementing effective change strategies and process improvements.</li>
<li>Outstanding communication and presentation abilities, with the capacity to build strong relationships across different functions and levels.</li>
<li>Analytical mindset with strong problem-solving capabilities and a focus on data-driven decision-making.</li>
<li>Ability to thrive in a fast-paced and dynamic work environment, demonstrating adaptability and innovation in driving continuous improvement.</li>
<li>An individual contributor with strong interpersonal, collaboration, and influencing skills.</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>What we offer</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li><strong>Competitive Compensation</strong>: Beyond the standard package, we offer perks like Long Service Benefits (anniversary bonus) to recognize and celebrate your dedication</li>
<li><strong>Wellness &amp; Perks</strong>: We prioritize your well-being by offering mental health support, HMO medical coverage, generous leave benefits plus life insurance for both you and your family's peace of mind</li>
<li><strong>Growth Opportunities</strong>: Invest in your personal development with an annual learning &amp; development budget, plus access to the 360 Learning platform</li>
<li><strong>Dynamic Environment</strong>: Join a rapidly growing global Business Process Outsourcing company, where you'll collaborate with a diverse community spanning across multiple continents and cultures</li>
<li><strong>Work-Life Balance</strong>: Enjoy a healthy balance between your professional and personal life, with a supportive environment that prioritizes your well-being and personal time</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Are you up for the challenge?</strong></h2>
<p>The first step to your new role starts here. Send in your application, along with your salary expectations and preferred start date. Our dedicated team will thoroughly review your details. We are excited to connect with you soon!&nbsp;</p>
<p>#helloconnect<br>#LI-Hybrid<br>#hcgreenhouse</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>