<p>At Asana, our sales team is on a mission to build long-term, profitable customer relationships by helping teams do their best work. We do this through a land-and-expand, bottom-up enterprise model—starting with small, successful teams and partnering with them as they grow into larger, strategic customers.</p>
<p>As a manager for the SMB and Corporate AEs in Tokyo, you’ll lead a high-impact team at a critical moment in the customer journey. Your team engages prospects and early-stage customers at scale, driving adoption, engagement, and expansion while laying the foundation for long-term success with Asana.</p>
<p>This is a hands-on leadership role for someone who loves building teams, coaching talent, and scaling smart, repeatable sales motions in a fast-moving environment.</p>
<p>This role is based in our Tokyo office with an office-centric hybrid schedule. The standard in-office days are Tuesday, Thursday and one additional day of choice, which may be determined by your team. Most Asanas have the option to work from home on the two other weekdays they are not in office. If you're interviewing for this role, your recruiter will share more about the in-office requirements.</p>
<p><strong>What you’ll achieve:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Lead, coach, and inspire a team of<strong> 6–10 </strong>SMB and Corporate Account Executives to consistently achieve and exceed quota</li>
<li>Provide hands-on coaching, deal support, and feedback to accelerate the development of junior sales talent</li>
<li>Foster a culture of collaboration, accountability, and continuous improvement</li>
<li>Streamline and operationalize sales processes to improve efficiency, productivity, and scalability</li>
<li>Implement best practices and tools across the sales motion, leveraging platforms such as Salesforce, Clari, Outreach, and Pocus</li>
<li>Build and evolve processes that support future growth and scale</li>
<li>Lead strategic planning for your team, including territory design, deal strategy, and enablement</li>
<li>Run forecasting calls and deal reviews, delivering accurate monthly and quarterly forecasts</li>
<li>Identify risks and opportunities early and adjust strategy to hit business goals</li>
<li>Partner closely with SDRs, Sales Programs, Solutions Consulting, and other cross-functional teams to deliver a seamless customer experience</li>
<li>Help identify and overcome technical, educational, and competitive obstacles to growth</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>About you:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Fluency in written and spoken Japanese is a must, fluency in English is a plus</li>
<li>You’re a sales leader who thrives in ambiguity, loves coaching, and is excited by the challenge of building scalable sales motions.</li>
<li>2+ years of experience leading Account Executives in a quota-carrying sales environment</li>
<li>A strong track record as an individual contributor, consistently achieving or exceeding quota</li>
<li>Experience leading fast-paced teams in dynamic, evolving environments</li>
<li>Strong business acumen, sound judgment, and a bias for action</li>
<li>A passion for coaching, developing world-class talent, and staying close to the customer</li>
<li>Creative problem-solving skills and a willingness to challenge the status quo</li>
<li>Experience building pipeline through effective prospecting strategies</li>
<li>Familiarity selling to Marketing, Sales, Operations, HR, and IT/Collaboration teams</li>
<li>Experience in Product-Led Growth and/or Sales-Assisted business models</li>
<li>Demonstrates curiosity about AI tools and emerging technologies, with a willingness to learn and leverage them to enhance productivity, collaboration, or decision-making</li>
</ul>
<p>At Asana, we're committed to building teams that include a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, and skills, as this is critical to helping us achieve our mission. If you're interested in this role and don't meet every listed requirement, we still encourage you to apply.</p>
<p>#LI-Hybrid #LI-KR2</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>About us</strong></p>
<p data-pm-slice="1 1 []">Asana is a leading platform for human + AI collaboration. Millions of teams around the world rely on Asana to achieve their most important goals, faster. Asana has been named to Fortune's Best Workplaces for 7+ years and recognized by Fast Company, Forbes, and Gartner for excellence in workplace culture and innovation. We offer an exceptional office-centric culture while adopting the best elements of hybrid models to ensure that every one of our global team members can work together effortlessly. With 13+ offices all over the world, we are always looking for individuals who care about building technology that drives positive change in the world and a culture where everyone feels that they belong.</p>
<p data-pm-slice="1 1 []"><strong><a class="LinkThemeablePresentation LinkPrimaryPresentation LinkPrimaryPresentation--sentimentSelected PrimaryLink HighlightSol HighlightSol--core HighlightSol--buildingBlock" href="https://www.gem.com/form?formID=fbcdec8c-3442-43b9-9b45-d2b5f4ea25db" target="\_blank">Join Asana’s Talent Network</a></strong>&nbsp;to stay up to date on job opportunities and life at Asana.</p></div>