## 1KOMMA5°

At <strong>1KOMMA5°</strong>, we pursue a clear vision: <strong>Living on wind and sunlight forever for free</strong>. To make this a reality, we are building the energy system of the future with Heartbeat AI. Want to be part of it?<br><br>We bring together regional craftsmanship and scalable software: We don't think of solar, batteries, heat pumps, and e-mobility as isolated components, but control them as an intelligent, integrated overall system in our virtual power plant. Directly connected to the electricity market – in real time, fully automated. This way, energy is used when it is available from renewables and particularly cost-effective. By 2030, our goal is to transition 1.5 million households to renewable energies. Over 2,000 people are working towards this every day, at more than 80 locations worldwide, from Finland to Australia.<br><br><strong>Want to take responsibility and build solutions that truly matter? Apply now and help us shape the energy world of tomorrow.</strong><br><br>Learn <a href="https://1komma5.com/de/ueber-uns/jobs/tech/">more</a> about our Product &amp; Tech team!

## Deine Position

We are looking for a Product Manager (m/f/d) for a new Customer Hub. Our mission will be creating a self-service hub for new and existing customers that provides real-time transparency into sales and installation processes. By leveraging automation and self-service features, you will empower customers to manage their own journey, directly reducing operational overhead in sales, support and operations while maximizing conversion and customer trust.<br><br>As a Product Manager you will<br><ul><li>Lead the product management lifecycle for our customer hub from idea to implementation</li><li>Conduct user research &amp; use insights from analytics &amp; experiments to gain valuable insights and identify opportunities</li><li>Define the roadmap based on outcomes and data, aligning with international stakeholders</li><li>Improve our customers experience by guiding them through their 1K5 experience from Information over conversion to installation</li><li>Optimize our processes and increase efficiency for our internal teams around the globe by helping our customer succeed</li><li>Work together with engineers &amp; designers in a cross-functional team</li></ul>

## Dein Profil

<ul><li>Several years of experience in product management ideally in the fields of renewable energies, energy supply or a related industry</li><li>Experience in e-commerce, Marketing, Sales or any related experience for consumer-facing digital products in the Growth field</li><li>A customer-first mindset, always looking for ways to improve the customer experience by conducing regular customer research</li><li>The ability to thrive in fast-paced environments, collaborating cross-functionally  and motivate your team toward shared goals</li><li>Data driven mindset with hands-on experience using insights, analytics &amp; experimentation to optimize and inform strategy</li><li>Excellent communication and stakeholder management skills, with strong English &amp; German proficiency</li></ul>Bonus points for:<br><ul><li>Proficent in using AI and no-code tools to create simple internal apps and prototypes to test value</li><li>Curiosity: Continuously experimenting with AI tooling to optimize day-to-day PM work</li></ul>

## Benefits

<ul><li>You are part of an international, dynamic, and highly motivated team of people who have proven to make things happen</li><li>With your work, you accelerate the "energy transition" and hence have a direct impact on our climate</li><li>Work with and learn from other super-smart colleagues</li><li>You will enjoy direct contact with core decision-makers</li><li>You will enjoy the best chances of entering full-time in one of Europe’s most thriving scaleups</li><li>You work remotely (Germany-wide), with offices in Hamburg, Berlin or Munich</li><li>Create a healthy balance alongside your work and enjoy all the benefits of the EGYM Wellpass</li><li>Benefits and discounts are yours with Futurebens</li><li>Whether city bike or e-bike - be flexible with our job bike leasing and do something good for the environment at the same time</li></ul>