**Are you ready to join our digital revolution journey?**

At **[Aleph](https://alephholding.com/)**, we’re not just part of the digital advertising landscape—we’re shaping its future. Representing the world’s leading platforms, including TikTok, Amazon, Google, and nearly 55 others, we operate in 130+ markets across new and existing geographies.

Our mission is to empower advertisers and brands to unlock the full potential of these platforms' advertising capabilities. By fostering long-lasting partnerships, we create limitless opportunities for people and businesses to advertise effectively at both local and global levels.

With a presence spanning continents, Aleph offers you the chance to be part of a fast-growing, innovative team where your work makes a direct impact. If you’re ambitious, forward-thinking, and eager to thrive in a dynamic, global environment, Aleph is the perfect place to build your career.

## Key Responsibilities

- **Cash Flow & Forecasting:** Prepare weekly and monthly cash flow reporting and forecasting for APAC entities using the Treasury Management System (TMS), Kyriba.
- **Stakeholder Liaison:** Partner with internal departments (Collections, AP, Tax, HR, and Finance) to ensure forecast consistency and accuracy. Support continuous improvement on forecasting accuracy by using available tools and variations analysis.
- **Liquidity Management:** Monitor daily cash position, financing needs, investment positions, and  
  intercompany loans.
- **Payment Oversight:** Analyze and execute weekly payment runs. Ensure funds availability and secure intercompany funding and local FX transactions as per Corporate Treasury guidelines.
- **Banking Operations:** Support the opening, closing, and maintenance of bank accounts according to Global Treasury policies. Coordinate annual KYC renewals and signatory updates. Implement changes as mandated by Corporate Treasury Policies updates.
- **Regulatory Compliance:** Interact with local regulators, banks, and legal consultants to comply  
  with regulatory processes and resolve cross-border payment challenges.
- **System Transformation:** Provide technical support for the Treasury department during the migration and testing of SAP S/4HANA and H2H connectivity. Support migration for ISO messaging. Knowledge of AI for automation of processes.
- **Project Support & Process Implementation:** Act as an agent for process improvement, supporting the area’s strategic demands and implementing new treasury workflows and controls.
- **Reporting & Audit:** Interact with Global Treasury to report liquidity figures and provide documentation for annual audit requirements.

## Required Skills

- **Languages:** Advanced English (mandatory).
- **Systems:**
- Experience with **Kyriba** or other Treasury Management Systems (TMS).
- Experience with **SAP** (Experience with **S/4HANA** migration is a plus).
- Experience with banking tools and systems.
- **Technical Knowledge:**
- Advanced Microsoft Excel skills
- **AI knowledge for automation of process.**
- Knowledge of APAC market regulations and FX operations.
- Knowledge of the Foreign Exchange Market regulations in the region.
- Competencies:
- Ability to work and communicate within regional and global teams.
- Strong focus on process implementation and optimization within fast-paced  
  environments.

#ALEPH

**Why Join Us?**

Aleph is a place of many cultures, perspectives, and talents. We support each other, creating an environment of giving and receiving. We value partnership and communication because we believe it takes a group of people to achieve great things. We are energized by our ever-changing industry, our curiosity keeps us learning and seeking out new opportunities.

We stay flexible and adaptable, and believe in moving with the speed of change. We encourage everyone to strive for more, providing our internal talent with growth opportunities and the ability to learn together.

#ALEPH