<div class="content-intro"><p>Chainguard is the trusted source for open source. By delivering hardened, secure, and production-ready builds of all the open source software engineers and AI agents rely on, Chainguard helps organizations build faster, stay compliant, and eliminate risk.&nbsp;<br><br>Our customers include Fortune 500 enterprises and global industry leaders, including Anduril, Canva, Fortinet, Hewlett Packard Enterprise, OpenAI, Snap Inc., and Snowflake. <br><br>Chainguard is venture-backed by leading investors, including Amplify, IVP, Kleiner Perkins, Lightspeed Venture Partners, Mantis VC, Redpoint Ventures, Sequoia Capital, and Spark Capital.</p></div><p><strong>The role in a nutshell:</strong></p>
<p>We’re looking for a <strong>Technical Support Engineer</strong> who’s equal parts problem-solver, translator, and customer hero. You’ll be the go-to person when customers hit snags with Chainguard Images, digging into technical mysteries, keeping folks informed, and partnering with Engineering to squash bugs before they cause chaos. This isn’t just “reset the password and move on” support: you’ll work on real, complex issues with modern tools (Docker, Kubernetes, GitHub, Helm charts, Terraform, etc.), make customers feel like superheroes themselves, and help shape how Chainguard delivers world-class support. Serious work, fun team, big impact.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>What you’ll do:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><strong>Be the frontline agent</strong>: Triage, investigate, reproduce, manage, and annihilate complex customer issues involving Chainguard Images.</li>
<li><strong>Escalate wisely</strong>: Engage the Engineering team when things get spicy.</li>
<li><strong>Communicate like a pro</strong>: Keep customers (and your SLAs) happy, informed, and impressed.</li>
<li><strong>Bridge the tech lingo divide</strong>: Explain things clearly to both code whisperers and non-tech humans.</li>
<li><strong>Document like a librarian</strong>: Create detailed write-ups of new issues and throw helpful Knowledge Base nuggets into the mix.</li>
<li><strong>Channel your inner detective</strong>: Prioritize your own queue, drive clarity in communication, and proactively guide issues to resolution.</li>
<li><strong>Speak up smartly</strong>: Push bugs, feature requests, and hidden gremlins up to Engineering and GTM teams.</li>
<li><strong>Learn, teach, repeat</strong>: Seek new challenges, share wisdom, and maybe teach someone your favorite GitHub ninja trick.</li>
<li><strong>Be there when it counts: </strong>Participate in an on-call rotation for after-hours, weekend, and holiday support.<br><br></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>What we're looking for:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>You’ve spent 3+ years supporting enterprise customers with a confident, calm approach.</li>
<li>3+ years under your belt with Linux, Docker and Kubernetes. You dream in containers.</li>
<li>You deliver top-tier customer experiences with stellar written and verbal communication.</li>
<li>You're a cross-functional harmony maker supporting teams across Engineering, Customer Success, and more.</li>
<li>You're comfortable in the DevOps warzone: CI/CD, Linux, GitHub, Helm Charts, Terraform, Open source and all the good stuff.</li>
<li>Experience with AWS, Azure, or GCP; AWS EKS experience is a plus.</li>
<li>Extra kudos if you’ve flirted with security frameworks, software supply chain security, or vulnerability scanning.</li>
<li>Extra kudos if you bring a KCNA or CKA certification and aspire to be a future Kubestronaut.</li>
<li>Startup experience? Even better.&nbsp; You’ve navigated fast lanes before.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>A curious soul who learns faster than a caffeinated squirrel.</strong></p><div class="content-pay-transparency"><div class="pay-input"><div class="title">Base Salary Range</div><div class="pay-range"><span>€81.000</span><span class="divider">&mdash;</span><span>€96.000 EUR</span></div></div></div><div class="content-conclusion"><h3>About Us</h3>
<p>We live and breathe our company values:</p>
<ul>
<li>We are customer obsessed — We focus on delivering solutions to our customers that create value and make their lives better.</li>
<li>We have a bias for intentional action — We prioritize, plan, try things, and fail fast.</li>
<li>We don't take ourselves too seriously (but we do serious work) — We are solving an important problem which takes focus, but we also like to enjoy the journey.</li>
<li>We trust each other and assume good intentions — We're transparent with decisions to empower team members to make well informed decisions.</li>
</ul>
<p>A few of the benefits we offer:</p>
<ul>
<li><strong>Flexible &amp; Remote-First Culture:</strong> Work remotely with team meetup opportunities, bi-annual destination summits, and a monthly stipend for coworking spaces, phone and internet costs.</li>
<li><strong>Our Approach to Equity:</strong> Receive stock options upon hire and promotion. Plus, you can participate in secondary offerings and have 10 years to exercise your options (yes, you read that correctly: 10 years!).</li>
<li><strong>100% Covered Health Insurance:</strong> We cover 100% of your health, vision and dental insurance premiums for you and your dependents. Nothing comes out of your paycheck.</li>
<li><strong>∞ Flexible Time Off:</strong> Take the time you need – to do our best work, we need to recharge and reset.</li>
<li><strong>18 Weeks Paid Parental Leave:</strong> We offer 18 weeks for birthing parents and 12 weeks for non-birthing parents, with the option to use it all at once or throughout your child's first year.</li>
</ul>
<p>If your experience is close but doesn't fulfill all requirements, please apply. We're building the best team in technology and are focused on hiring "Chainguardians" with unique backgrounds, perspectives, and experiences.</p>
<p>Chainguard is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, reproductive health decisions, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, genetic information, political views or activity, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law.</p>
<p>By submitting your application, you acknowledge that Chainguard will process your personal data in accordance with <span style="text-decoration: underline;"><a href="https://www.chainguard.dev/legal/candidate-privacy-notice">Chainguard's Global Candidate Privacy Notice</a></span>.</p>
<p>©2026 Chainguard. All Rights Reserved.</p></div>