<div class="content-intro"><p>HackerRank helps companies like NVIDIA, Amazon, and Microsoft hire and upskill the next generation of developers based on skills, not pedigree. Our platform is trusted by over 2,500 of the world’s most innovative companies to build strong engineering teams ready for what’s next.<br><br>Software has entered an era where humans and AI build side by side. As this shift accelerates, the definition of strong technical talent is changing. We give companies better ways to identify and invest in next-generation skills.<br><br>People at HackerRank care deeply about the impact of their work and sweat the small details so our customers can be wildly successful with products they genuinely love to use. We move with urgency and believe great outcomes come from high standards</p></div><p><strong>About the role</strong></p>
<p>As an Engineering Manager at HackerRank, you will lead the technical vision and execution for the HackerRank Developer Community product used by over 26 million developers across the globe. This role is pivotal in building an engaging, scalable platform that helps developers learn and grow their technical skills.</p>
<p>You will partner closely with Product, Design, and other Engineering teams to ensure that community features are deeply integrated into the HackerRank ecosystem. You will drive the team’s roadmap, mentor engineers, and foster a high-performing environment focused on delivering delightful, high-impact user experiences at scale.</p>
<h4><strong>What you’ll do</strong></h4>
<ul>
<li>Drive the technical vision for&nbsp; our platform at HackerRank</li>
<li>Architect systems that can scale to hundreds of thousands of concurrent users</li>
<li>Execute product plans and manage delivery commitments for user-facing features</li>
<li>Mentor engineers and help them deliver high-quality, maintainable solutions</li>
<li>Set clear career paths for team members and support their professional growth</li>
<li>Work closely with the Product, Engineering and Design teams to develop and curate the community product roadmap</li>
</ul>
<h4><strong>Who you are</strong></h4>
<ul>
<li>An engineering leader with 8+ years of experience in designing enterprise systems, building highly-available, scalable, fault-tolerant, secure, distributed systems</li>
<li>2+ years of engineering management&nbsp; including hands-on technical management</li>
<li>Demonstrated experience recruiting and managing technical teams, including performance management</li>
<li>Self driven, initiative taker with good communication skills, ability to hire, lead and mentor technical teams, meet deadlines, manage stakeholder expectations</li>
<li>Demonstrated experience of going in front of customers to explain the product and answering any technical queries</li>
<li>Hands-on technical depth in one or more modern programming languages, we are open to any language with strong emphasis on engineering fundamentals and scalable system design</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Even better if you have</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Experience leveraging AI to build developer focused experiences.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Designed self-serve developer tools that speed up integration adoption.</li>
</ul>
<h4><strong>You will thrive in this role if</strong></h4>
<ul>
<li>Enjoy owning initiatives end to end, across the full product lifecycle</li>
<li>Excel at designing scalable B2C platforms and building APIs and services that are reusable, efficient, and maintainable</li>
<li>Collaborate closely with developers, product managers, and designers to build solutions that integrate seamlessly into the broader platform</li>
<li>Are a strategic thinker who can evaluate trade-offs and balance short-term delivery with long-term platform health</li>
<li>Thrive in fast-paced environments where priorities evolve based on user feedback and insights</li>
<li>Have a strong bias for action, experimentation, and continuous improvement</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>Want to learn more about HackerRank?</strong>&nbsp;Check out&nbsp;<a href="http://hackerrank.com/">HackerRank.com</a>&nbsp;to explore our products, solutions and resources, and dive into our story and mission&nbsp;<a href="https://www.hackerrank.com/about-us/">here</a>.</p>
<p>HackerRank is a proud equal employment opportunity and affirmative action employer. We provide equal opportunity to everyone for employment based on individual performance and qualification. We never discriminate based on race, religion, national origin, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, age, marital, veteran, or disability status. All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines.&nbsp;</p>
<p><a href="https://www.linkedin.com/company/hackerrank/">Linkedin</a> | <a href="https://twitter.com/hackerrank">X</a>&nbsp;|<a href="https://www.linkedin.com/company/hackerrank/">&nbsp;</a><a href="https://blog.hackerrank.com/?utm\_medium=email&amp;utm\_content=signature">Blog</a>&nbsp;|&nbsp;<a href="https://www.instagram.com/hackerrank?igsh=MWNid2d6aWlxYnl0OQ==">Instagram</a>&nbsp;|&nbsp;<a href="https://www.instagram.com/lifeathackerrank?igsh=eDFta3owaTJsbW5x">Life@HackerRank</a></p>
<p><em>Notice to prospective HackerRank job applicants:</em></p>
<ul>
<li><em>Our Recruiters use @hackerrank.com email addresses.</em></li>
<li><em>We never ask for payment or credit check information to apply, interview, or work here.</em></li>
</ul></div>