<div class="content-intro"><p><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif; font-size: 12pt;">Airbnb was born in 2007 when two hosts welcomed three guests to their San Francisco home, and has since grown to over 5 million hosts who have welcomed over 2 billion guest arrivals in almost every country across the globe. Every day, hosts offer unique stays and experiences that make it possible for guests to connect with communities in a more authentic way.</span></p></div><p><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;"><strong>The Community You Will Join:</strong></span></p>
<p>We are building tools and a global community to make it easier for people to host on Airbnb. Our team focuses on co-hosting and building intuitive, user-facing experiences that enable people to host together as a team, using machine learning where appropriate to address real user needs. The team works collaboratively with cross-functional partners in Design, Product Management, Business and other Engineering teams to quickly brainstorm, prototype, develop, and deliver high quality product experiences.</p>
<p><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;"><strong>The Difference You Will Make:</strong></span></p>
<p>As the Engineering Manager, within Guest &amp; Host Services, you’ll lead a team of talented, diverse software developers to prototype, build and improve hosting services, balancing the shorter term business outcomes along with longer term technical stability, scalability and flexibility aligning with cross functional partners.</p>
<p><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;"><strong>A Typical Day:&nbsp;</strong></span></p>
<ul>
<li style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;">Explore, shape, and develop new product experiences alongside cross-functional partners (design and product); from ideation to implementation at scale</li>
<li style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;">Lead investments into new technical capabilities that push the envelope and unlock product innovation</li>
<li style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;">Collaborate with engineers to plan and sequence the delivery of new features and capabilities, making necessary trade-offs, while effectively communicating the delivery plans and celebrating successful launches</li>
<li style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;">Partner with peer engineering teams to integrate new features that impact different areas within the product</li>
<li style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;">Strengthen the team’s partnerships with key stakeholders in Engineering, Design, and Product to make ambitious product feature concepts a reality.</li>
<li style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;">Recruit and nurture exceptional engineering talent by investing meaningful one-on-one time to understand their motivations and team dynamics, while also creating a tailored career development plan.</li>
<li style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;">Foster an inclusive team culture and environment that encourages collaboration, technical excellence, and innovation via calculated risks and product mindset.</li>
</ul>
<p><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;"><strong>Your Expertise:</strong></span></p>
<ul>
<li style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;"><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;">5+ years of engineering management experience, with 9+ years of relevant software development industry experience in a fast paced tech environment</span></li>
<li style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;"><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;">Deep expertise with backend systems and complex data modeling in large-scale consumer applications</span></li>
<li style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;"><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;">Excellent communication and presentation skills tuned for both technical or non-technical audiences</span></li>
<li style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;"><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;">End-to-end, product-oriented mentality that transcends team boundaries and helps find globally optimal solutions</span></li>
<li style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;"><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;">Good judgment in making tradeoffs to balance short-term business needs with long-term technical quality</span></li>
<li style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;"><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;">Strong collaboration skills, able to work effectively and find common ground with a wide range of teams who may have conflicting goals and priorities</span></li>
</ul>
<p><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;"><strong>Our Commitment To Inclusion &amp; Belonging:</strong></span></p>
<p><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;">Airbnb is committed to working with the broadest talent pool possible. We believe diverse ideas foster innovation and engagement, and allow us to attract creatively-led people, and to develop the best products, services and solutions. All qualified individuals are encouraged to apply.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;">We strive to also provide a disability inclusive application and interview process. If you are a candidate with a disability and require reasonable accommodation in order to submit an application, please contact us at: reasonableaccommodations@airbnb.com. Please include your full name, the role you’re applying for and the accommodation necessary to assist you with the recruiting process.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;">We ask that you only reach out to us if you are a candidate whose disability prevents you from being able to complete our online application.</span></p><div class="content-pay-transparency"><div class="pay-input"><div class="description"><p><span style="font-size: 16px;"><strong><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; color: rgb(0, 0, 0);">How We'll Take Care of You:</span></strong></span></p>
<p><span style="font-size: 16px;">Our job titles may span more than one career level. The actual base pay is dependent upon many factors, such as: training, transferable skills, work experience, business needs and market demands. The base pay range shown below is annualized, is subject to change and may be modified in the future. This role may also be eligible for bonus, equity, benefits, and Employee Travel Credits.</span></p></div><div class="title">United Kingdom Annual Pay Range</div><div class="pay-range"><span>£120,000</span><span class="divider">&mdash;</span><span>£150,000 GBP</span></div></div></div>