<div class="content-intro"><p>Fastly helps people stay better connected with the things they love. Fastly’s edge cloud platform enables customers to create great digital experiences quickly, securely, and reliably by processing, serving, and securing our customers’ applications as close to their end-users as possible — at the edge of the Internet. The platform is designed to take advantage of the modern internet, to be programmable, and to support agile software development. Fastly’s customers include many of the world’s most prominent companies, including GitHub, Yelp, Paramount, and JetBlue.</p>
<p>We're building a more trustworthy Internet. Come join us.</p></div><p><strong>Manager, Sales Strategy &amp; Operations&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>The Manager, Sales Strategy &amp; Operations will be part of Fastly’s Global Sales Operations team, responsible for managing the India-based Sales Operations teams we are building out in Pune, India. This role will be a key contributor to the Sales Strategy &amp; Operations team, reporting to the Sr. Director, Global Sales Strategy &amp; Operations, based out of the U.S.&nbsp;&nbsp;</p>
<p>This role will collaborate closely with the Sr. Director of Sales Strategy &amp; Operations to hire and build out our India-based Sales Operations team including: Tier 1 Sales Support, Process Analysis, and Sales Analytics. They will be responsible for managing the day-to-day activities of the India-based team, while also managing key projects of their own.</p>
<p>This role will also engage with cross-functional teams across Tier 1 Sales Support, Field, Channel, Sales Engineering, and Client Services operations, and IT Business Systems teams, to ensure the India-based team delivers against expected support-levels and outcomes for the various roles within the team.&nbsp;</p>
<p>The perfect candidate for this role will have a solid understanding of Sales as a business function, with a minimum 5 years experience in Sales operations in high-tech or SaaS based companies. They will also have prior management experience, specifically in Sales Operations, as well as experience in building out India-based teams as part of a U.S. based organization.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>What You'll Do:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Responsible for hiring and building out Sales Operations team in Pune, India, partnering closely with the Sr. Director, Global Sales Strategy &amp; Operations</li>
<li>Manage day-to-day activities of the India-based Sales Operations team, whose roles can span from Tier 1 sales support, process analysis, to sales analytics</li>
<li>Responsible for also managing projects and tasks at their individual level including:&nbsp;</li>
<ul>
<li>Define and manage the GTM data and dashboard intake process, as well as build dashboards and analysis, partnering closely with the global data analytics and engineering team</li>
<li>Identify and manage areas for process optimization and documentation, by applying process frameworks and best practices, working closely with Sales Operations and Business Systems teams</li>
<li>Support Tier 1 sales support related projects and documentation, in alignment with Manager, Sales Support &amp; Systems who manages the Tier 1 sales support team.</li>
</ul>
</ul>
<p><strong>What We're Looking For:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>5+ years of Sales operations experience, preferably in High-Tech or Saas based companies.</li>
<li>3+ years specifically in a sales operations leadership role, with experience building out India-based teams&nbsp;</li>
<li>Proven ability to lead cross-functional teams and execute global projects, develop and interpret analytics, and interact effectively across all levels of a large global organization</li>
<li>Excellent analytical, reporting, and business intelligence skills with ability to deliver executive-ready presentations of their findings</li>
<li>Working knowledge of dashboard tools like Looker, Tableau, PowerBI.</li>
<li>Working knowledge of Salesforce, Clari, and others sales tools including ZoomInfo, Outreach.</li>
<li>Working knowledge of end-to-end sales process from Lead to Cash</li>
<li>Experience building and using agentic-prompts to automate GTM workflows</li>
<li>Strong communication and presentation skills, with ability to to present complex information in a clear and concise manner</li>
<li>Proven ability to network and build strong relationships with peers and senior leaders</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>We’ll be super impressed if you have experience in any of these:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Applying AI to improve sales process, system and data analytics workflows and deliverables</li>
<li>Process methodologies such as Six Sigma, Lean</li>
<li>Knowledgeable in statistical programming languages such as Python or R</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Work Hours:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>This position will require you to work during scheduled hours from 2 pm - 11 pm (IST)</li>
<li>Due to the global scope of this role, core business hours may extend to US, Europe and APJ friendly time-zones for some engagements</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Work Location(s) &amp; Travel Requirements:</strong>&nbsp;</p>
<p>This position is based out of our Pune, India office.</p>
<p>This position may require occasional travel as required by your role or requested by your manager.</p>
<p><strong>Salary:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>Starting salary may vary based on permissible, non-discriminatory factors such as experience, skills, qualifications, and location.</p>
<p>This role may be eligible to participate in Fastly’s equity and discretionary bonus programs.</p>
<p><strong>Benefits:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>We care about you. Fastly works hard to create a positive environment for our employees, and we think your life outside of work is important too. We support our teams with great benefits that start on the first day of your employment with Fastly. Curious about our offerings? <br><br>We offer a comprehensive benefits package designed to meet your needs. Our offerings may vary depending on the country where you work and are subject to change.</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>Why Fastly?</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>
<p><strong>We have a huge impact.</strong>&nbsp;Fastly is a small company with a big reach. Not only do<a class="external-link" href="https://www.fastly.com/customers" target="\_blank">&nbsp;our customers</a>&nbsp;have a tremendous user base, but we also support a growing number of<a class="external-link" href="https://www.fastly.com/open-source/" target="\_blank">&nbsp;open source projects and initiatives</a>.&nbsp;Outside of code, employees are encouraged to share causes close to their heart with others so we can help lend a supportive hand.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p><strong>We value diversity.</strong>&nbsp;Growing and maintaining our inclusive and diverse team matters to us. We are committed to being a company where our employees feel comfortable bringing their authentic selves to work and have the ability to be successful -- every day.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p><strong>We are passionate.</strong>&nbsp;Fastly is chock full of passionate people and we’re not ‘one size fits all’. Fastly employs authors, pilots, skiers, parents (of humans and animals), makeup geeks, coffee connoisseurs, and more. We love employees for who they are and what they are passionate about.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>We’re always looking for humble, sharp, and creative folks to join the Fastly team. If you think you might be a fit please apply!</strong><strong> A fully completed application and resume or CV are required when applying.</strong></p>
<p><em>All job applications must be submitted through our official careers site at </em><a href="http://www.fastly.com/careers"><em>www.fastly.com/about/careers</em></a><em>. We will never request sensitive information, such as your Social Security number, bank account or credit card information during the application process. All official communication will come from an @</em><a href="http://fastly.com"><em>fastly.com</em></a><em> or @</em><a href="http://recruiting.fastly.com"><em>recruiting.fastly.com</em></a><em> email address. </em></p>
<p><em><span style="font-weight: 400;">Fastly is committed to ensuring equal employment opportunity and to providing employees with a safe and welcoming work environment free of discrimination and harassment. Our employment decisions are based on business needs, job requirements and individual qualifications.</span></em><em><span style="font-weight: 400;"> All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, family or parental status, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances.</span></em></p>
<p><em><span style="font-weight: 400;">Consistent with the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) and federal or state disability laws, Fastly will provide reasonable accommodations for applicants and employees with disabilities. If reasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and/or to receive other benefits and privileges of employment, please contact your Recruiter, or the Fastly Employee Relations team at </span></em><a href="mailto:candidateaccommodations@fastly.com"><em><span style="font-weight: 400;">candidateaccommodations@fastly.com</span></em></a><em><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or 501-287-4901.&nbsp; </span></em></p>
<p><em>Fastly collects and processes personal data submitted by job applicants in accordance with our<a class="external-link" href="https://www.fastly.com/privacy" target="\_blank">&nbsp;Privacy Policy</a>. Please see our<a class="external-link" href="https://www.fastly.com/privacy-job-applicants" target="\_blank">&nbsp;privacy notice for job applicants</a>.</em></p></div>