<div class="content-intro"><p>Figma is growing our team of passionate creatives and builders on a mission to make design accessible to all. Figma’s platform helps teams bring ideas to life—whether you're brainstorming, creating a prototype, translating designs into code, or iterating with AI. From idea to product, Figma empowers teams to streamline workflows, move faster, and work together in real time from anywhere in the world. If you're excited to shape the future of design and collaboration, join us!</p></div><div class="section page-centered">
<p>At Figma we believe design doesn’t end in a file or with your designer — it includes everything that goes into the product you ship: the production code that ties it all together, the systems and developer tools that make that code reliable, the context you provide to our AI agents, and the documentation that keeps everyone on the same page.</p>
<p>The Code Area at Figma is redefining how Designers, PMs and Engineers collaborate. We are responsible for agentic workflows enabling ideation and prototyping on production codebases as well as accelerating the journey from design to code. In 2023,<a href="https://www.figma.com/blog/introducing-dev-mode/"> we launched Dev Mode</a>, a suite of features that give developers everything they need to navigate design files and transform designs into code. In 2025, <a href="https://www.figma.com/blog/introducing-figma-mcp-server/">we introduced Figma’s MCP</a>, accelerating how ideas get to production. Looking to the future, we aim to further reduce the barriers between design to code and code to design allowing ideation, prototyping and productionisation to happen seamlessly where it most makes sense.</p>
<p>Our Code organization is expanding, and we’re hiring AI Product Engineers across multiple levels in the UK. We’re looking for people who have built generative AI products and are eager to lead AI efforts end-to-end, from early ideas to production.</p>
<p>Join us in shaping the future of AI at Figma!</p>
<p>What you’ll do at Figma:</p>
<ul>
<li>Build and evolve Dev Mode, Figma’s leading tool for dev/design collaboration</li>
<li>Take part in building new 0→1 products within the agentic coding space</li>
<li>Collaborate with designers, PMs, and other engineers craft high quality products</li>
<li>Be a mentor to, and be mentored by, exceptional peers across engineering, product &amp; design</li>
<li>Build strong personal connections with your teammates and help shape Figma’s culture.</li>
</ul>
<p>We’d love to hear from you if you have:</p>
<ul>
<li>3+ years of experience shipping user-facing features or products as a full-stack developer</li>
<li>Demonstrated strong fluency with React &amp; Typescript</li>
<li>Experience communicating and working across functions to proactively drive solutions</li>
<li>Attention to detail, quality, and craftsmanship</li>
<li>High velocity &amp; a focus on user impact</li>
</ul>
<p>While it’s not required, it’s an added plus if you also have experience:</p>
<ul>
<li>Leading large scale engineering projects with high impact</li>
<li>Driving XFN projects collaborating with Product, Design, Data &amp; Research</li>
<li>Working with user facing LLM and agentic product features&nbsp;</li>
<li>Working with Ruby / Ruby on Rails.</li>
<li>Developing for iOS and/or Android</li>
</ul>
</div><div class="content-conclusion"><p>At Figma we celebrate and support our differences. We know employing a team rich in diverse thoughts, experiences, and opinions allows our employees, our product and our community to flourish. Figma is an <a href="https://www.eeoc.gov/sites/default/files/2022-10/EEOC\_KnowYourRights\_screen\_reader\_10\_20.pdf">equal opportunity workplace</a> - we are dedicated to equal employment opportunities regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity/expression, veteran status<strong>, </strong>or any other characteristic protected by law. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements.</p>
<p>We will work to ensure individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to apply for a role, participate in the interview process, perform essential job functions, and receive other benefits and privileges of employment. If you require accommodation, please reach out to <a href="mailto:accommodations-ext@figma.com">accommodations-ext@figma.com</a>. These modifications enable an individual with a disability to have an equal opportunity not only to get a job, but successfully perform their job tasks to the same extent as people without disabilities.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Examples of accommodations include but are not limited to:&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>Holding interviews in an accessible location</li>
<li>Enabling closed captioning on video conferencing</li>
<li>Ensuring all written communication be compatible with screen readers</li>
<li>Changing the mode or format of interviews&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p>To ensure the integrity of our hiring process and facilitate a more personal connection, we require all candidates keep their cameras on during video interviews. Additionally, if hired you will be required to attend in person onboarding.</p>
<p>By applying for this job, the candidate acknowledges and agrees that any personal data contained in their application or supporting materials will be processed in accordance with <a class="c-link c-link--underline" href="https://www.figma.com/legal/candidate-privacy-notice/" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://www.figma.com/legal/candidate-privacy-notice/" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">Figma's Candidate Privacy Notice</a>.</p></div>