Ready to kick off your career in Legal Tech? Join Plexus as a Sales Development Representative!

We are Plexus - a fast-growing legal tech company using AI to shake up the legal world. Join us, and you’ll get to learn, grow and make an impact from day one. Our innovative, AI-powered products are loved by over 200 of the world’s leading brands, including L’Oréal, Woolworths, Coca-Cola, Lion, and Nike.

**The Opportunity:**

We are looking for a proactive and results-driven Sales Development Representative to join our dynamic and collaborative sales team. As a SDR, you will be the crucial first point of contact for potential clients, responsible for generating and qualifying leads to fuel our growth. For the right person, progression is clear- this role is a strong springboard into a career into tech sales.

**What You'll Do:**

- Drive our growth engine by identifying and researching potential clients across various channels.

- Engage prospects through strategic outbound outreach, including calls, emails, and social media.

- Become an expert in the Plexus story, qualifying leads and scheduling valuable meetings for our Account Executives.

- Collaborate closely with our marketing and sales teams, contributing to a "no-ego" culture where everyone works together to win.

- Maintain meticulous records of your interactions in our CRM, helping us learn and improve.

- Become a trusted advisor by staying informed about industry trends and the competitive landscape.

**Who You Are:**

- An excellent communicator with strong interpersonal skills.

- Highly organized with a keen eye for detail.

- A self-motivated individual with a genuine passion for sales and business development.

-A team player who thrives in a collaborative environment.

- Ideally, you’ll bring some customer-facing experience - whether in sales, retail, or service and a passion for learning. What matters most to us is drive, curiosity, and a growth mindset!

**Why You’ll Love it Here:**

- We invest in your growth. You'll learn from experienced Account Executives in a tight-knit team and have a clear career path.

- You won't just be a cog in the machine. You'll be at the forefront of revolutionising the legal industry with cutting-edge AI technology.

- We’re committed to setting you up for success. You’ll benefit from direct mentorship, structured training plans, playbooks,  and regular feedback. as well as close collaboration and feedback loops with our sales team to help you succeed.

- We work in hybrid model - 3 days from the office and 2 days from home.

- Competitive base + OTE up to $100K, with regular recognition, performance bonuses, and team rewards that celebrate your wins.

Whether you’re just starting out, a recent grad, or shifting from another industry - we’ll give you the tools, training, and support to succeed in tech sales!

*Plexus is an equal opportunity employer. We welcome and encourage applications from all backgrounds, communities, and industries. We are committed to building a diverse team that will achieve huge, exciting, and impactful goals together.*