<p>We are looking for a Senior Developer Advocate to join our Developer Relations team. In this role, you will&nbsp;focus on engaging SMB customers to help accelerate their success on Atlas and unlock the full potential of the document model, creating inspiring resources and content, and collaborating with a global team of skilled Developer Advocates.</p>
<p>You will empower developers—from startups to fast growing SMBs—to integrate advanced data capabilities into their applications and solutions. If you are passionate about helping developers build, launch, and scale their applications, we invite you to join us in shaping the future of development on MongoDB.</p>
<p>Our Developer Relations teams are distributed across the globe, with most members working remotely. This position will be based in Dublin, Ireland. To see what our team is doing, check out our content on <a href="https://www.youtube.com/mongodb">YouTube</a>, <a href="https://dev.to/mongodb">Dev</a>, and <a href="https://medium.com/mongodb">Medium</a>.</p>
<p>This role can be based out of our Dublin office.</p>
<h3>Candidate Profile</h3>
<p>At the foundation of your passion and expertise is a love to equip others. Our ideal candidate will have at least 3 years of experience in a developer, support, or solutions role. They will have 5+ total years of experience through any combination of builder role (such as data scientist or developer), educator role (such as developer advocate or developer educator), or customer-facing role (such as solution architect).&nbsp;</p>
<p>You are an effective teacher who can explain complex topics in a simple and easy-to-understand way. You will also develop a strong understanding of MongoDB's core capabilities, data modeling, and emerging trends in our industry. You will guide users to discover the increasing capabilities of our platform including Vector Search and Voyage AI.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Though the expertise you bring will be unique, our team is built to work together to share knowledge and help each other grow. You will work with your peers and with cross-functional teams (Product, Marketing, Analytics, etc)&nbsp; at all levels, asynchronously and across time zones, supporting peer reviews of code, demos, sessions, and other content. You should have a genuine passion for equipping other developers to be more productive and successful.&nbsp;</p>
<h3>Position Expectations</h3>
<ul>
<li>Develop an expertise understanding of core MongoDB database functionality and Atlas features such as Search, Vector Search, Data Federation, Online Archive, and Streaming</li>
<li>Develop and deliver workshops, webinars, and <a href="https://www.mongodb.com/company/blog/mongodb-design-reviews-help-customers-achieve-transformative-results">design reviews</a> for both general audiences as well as for specific customers in order to enable their creation of MongoDB document schemas for their specific workloads</li>
<li>Communicate insights gathered from developer engagement, through code and content, to inform team members and enable other developers</li>
<li>Create technical content to evangelize and educate developers across various formats and channels</li>
<li>Deliver virtual and in-person developer enablement sessions to audiences of up to 400 developers</li>
</ul>
<h3>Requirements</h3>
<ul>
<li>Experience in creating effective developer-focused code and content</li>
<li>At least 5 years of experience in both customer-facing and developer-centric roles such as Technical Support, Solutions Architecture, Developer Relations, working with development teams in the design of high performance, scalable database implementations</li>
<li>At least 3 years of experience (or the equivalent) of consulting with development teams as a non-member of the team</li>
<li>Proficiency with at least one of the languages most popular with our customers (Java, Python, Javascript)<br>Familiarity with 2 or more of the languages popular with our customers (Java, Python, Javascript or Typescript, C#, Rust, PHP)</li>
<li>Strong presentation skills (both in-person and virtually), with ability in conducting live streams, and public speaking at events</li>
<li>Written and spoken English language proficiency</li>
<li>Ability and willingness to travel (up to 10%) primarily within the UK, Europe, and attend team meetings.</li>
<li>Ability and willingness to shift working schedule to accommodate overlap with US or Asia timezones</li>
<li>Experience specifically with MongoDB or similar NoSQL/document databases is a plus.&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<h3>About MongoDB</h3>
<p>MongoDB is built for change, empowering our customers and our people to innovate at the speed of the market. We have redefined the database for the AI era, enabling innovators to create, transform, and disrupt industries with software. MongoDB’s unified database platform—the most widely available, globally distributed database on the market—helps organizations modernize legacy workloads, embrace innovation, and unleash AI. Our cloud-native platform, MongoDB Atlas, is the only globally distributed, multi-cloud database and is available across AWS, Google Cloud, and Microsoft Azure.</p>
<p>With offices worldwide and nearly 60,000 customers—including 75% of the Fortune 100 and AI-native startups—relying on MongoDB for their most important applications, we’re powering the next era of software.</p>
<p>Our compass at MongoDB is our <a href="https://www.mongodb.com/company">Leadership Commitment,</a> guiding how and why we make decisions, show up for each other, and win. It’s what makes us MongoDB.&nbsp;</p>
<p>To drive the personal growth and business impact of our employees, we’re committed to developing a supportive and enriching culture for everyone. <a href="https://www.mongodb.com/company/blog/culture/employee-benefits-that-make-a-difference-at-mongodb">From employee affinity groups, to fertility assistance and a generous parental leave policy</a>, we value our employees’ wellbeing and want to support them along every step of their professional and personal journeys.<a href="https://www.mongodb.com/blog/channel/culture"> Learn more about what it’s like to work at MongoDB</a>, and help us make an impact on the world!</p>
<p>MongoDB is committed to providing any necessary accommodations for individuals with disabilities within our application and interview process. To request an accommodation due to a disability, please inform your recruiter.</p>
<p>MongoDB is an equal opportunities employer.</p>
<p>REQ ID: 4263325009</p>