<p><strong>About this opportunity:</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 300;">At Freenome, we are seeking a Sr. Director, Finance to build and shape our Finance team. The ideal candidate will be a strategic and hands-on leader with experience building scalable public company finance organizations. This is a high-impact leadership role responsible for the Financial Planning and Analysis (FP&amp;A), business partnering, and finance operations functions. This role offers a unique opportunity to architect our financial engine. You won’t just be reporting numbers, you will be building the systems, teams and insights that guide our executive team. You will be instrumental in enabling Freenome to bring our early detection tests to patients - changing the entire landscape of cancer.<br></span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 300;">The role reports to the Chief Financial Officer (CFO). This role will be a Hybrid role based in our Brisbane, California headquarters.&nbsp;<br></span></p>
<p><strong>What you’ll do:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Accountable for Financial Planning and Analysis, business partnering, and finance operations maintaining clear financial controls and compliance.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Develop the financial frameworks for our commercial launches, including revenue forecasting, COGS analysis, and go-to-market spend optimization.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Lead the (AOP) annual operating plan process, rolling quarterly forecasts, and long-range strategic planning models, scaled by technology.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Build and maintain a detailed financial model to forecast future performance, report budget to actuals.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Influence key decisions by delivering high value financial analysis that highlight root causes of variance, trends, and identify actionable opportunities to invest, reduce costs, and mitigate risks.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Create actionable KPI dashboards specific to a commercial-stage diagnostic company, such as test volume, ASP, and COGS per test.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Increase the speed and efficiency of our FP&amp;A efforts driving the timely delivery, quality, and transparency of information to support business decisions.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Proactively partner with the senior leadership team and cross-functional stakeholders to align financial objectives with our business strategy and drive key decision-making.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Identify and manage financial risks monitoring market conditions, developing risk mitigation strategies, and implementing relevant programs.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Proactive collaboration with leaders within the finance organization to align systems, processes, and initiatives to enable seamless support.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Drive the implementation, buildout, and continuous improvement of key financial systems, such as ERP, planning and budgeting systems and business intelligence tools.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Champion the application of AI, machine learning, and automation to increase efficiency and enhance predictive accuracy in our models.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Lead financial diligence for potential partnerships, acquisitions, or strategic initiatives.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Participate in audit committee activities as needed.<br></span></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Must haves:</strong><strong><br></strong></p>
<ul>
<li><span style="font-weight: 300;">Bachelor’s degree in finance, accounting, or a related field.</span></li>
<li><span style="font-weight: 300;">12+ years of progressive finance experience in corporate finance, financial modeling, analysis, forecasting, and business partnering.</span></li>
<li><span style="font-weight: 300;">6+ years of experience building, leading, and developing high-performing finance teams.</span></li>
<li><span style="font-weight: 300;">Prior leadership as head of the FP&amp;A function at a publicly traded company.</span></li>
<li><span style="font-weight: 300;">Strategic mindset with proven ability to align financial strategies with business goals.</span></li>
<li><span style="font-weight: 300;">Results-driven and metrics-oriented approach, with a focus on driving growth and proactively mitigating financial risks.</span></li>
<li><span style="font-weight: 300;">Sought as a trusted advisor to the business leveraging superior business partnering skills and business acumen.</span></li>
<li><span style="font-weight: 300;">Proven ability to effectively manage and deliver multiple, large-scale projects while maintaining business and financial service excellence.</span></li>
<li><span style="font-weight: 300;">Consistently monitors the business and markets, adapting where needed to ensure business success.</span></li>
<li><span style="font-weight: 300;">Passion for getting in the trenches, leading by example, and influencing process excellence across the organization.</span></li>
<li><span style="font-weight: 300;">Exceptional executive communication skills, with a proven ability to distill complex data into clear, concise, and impactful insights to facilitate high-velocity, informed decision making.<br></span></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Nice to haves:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><span style="font-weight: 300;">MBA or CFA preferred.</span></li>
<li><span style="font-weight: 300;">Biotech experience preferred.<br></span></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Benefits and additional information:</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 300;">The US target range of our</span><span style="font-weight: 300;"> base salary</span><span style="font-weight: 300;">&nbsp;for new hires is $229,900 - $294,788</span><span style="font-weight: 300;">. You will also be eligible to receive equity, cash bonuses, and a full range of medical, financial, and other benefits depending on the position offered.&nbsp; Please note that individual total compensation for this position will be determined at the Company’s sole discretion and may vary based on several factors, including but not limited to, location, skill level, years and depth of relevant experience, and education. We invite you to check out our career page @ <span style="font-weight: 300;"><em><a href="http://freenome.com/job-openings/" target="\_blank" data-saferedirecturl="https://www.google.com/url?q=http://freenome.com/job-openings/&amp;source=gmail&amp;ust=1708620295766000&amp;usg=AOvVaw0K-a4lTJ0RquYagpqS-yp4">freenome.com/job-openings/</a></em></span></span><span style="font-weight: 300;">&nbsp;for additional company information.&nbsp;&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 300;">Freenome is proud to be an equal-opportunity employer, and we value diversity. Freenome does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, marital status, age, national origin, ancestry, physical or mental disability, medical condition, pregnancy, genetic information, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, veteran status, or any other status protected under federal, state, or local </span><span style="font-weight: 300;">law.</span></p>
<p><em><span style="font-weight: 300;">Applicants have rights under Federal Employment Laws.&nbsp;&nbsp;</span></em></p>
<ul>
<li><a href="https://www.dol.gov/agencies/whd/posters/fmla" target="\_blank"><em><span style="font-weight: 300;">Family &amp; Medical Leave Act (FMLA)</span></em></a></li>
<li><a href="https://www.dol.gov/agencies/ofccp/posters" target="\_blank"><em><span style="font-weight: 300;">Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO)</span></em></a></li>
<li><a href="https://www.dol.gov/agencies/whd/posters/employee-polygraph-protection-act" target="\_blank"><em><span style="font-weight: 300;">Employee Polygraph Protection Act (EPPA)</span></em></a></li>
</ul>
<p><span style="color: #ecf0f1;"><em><span style="font-weight: 300;">#LI-HYBRID</span></em></span></p>