<h2>&nbsp;</h2>
<p>Hi, I’m Brayn, the Global WFM Manager at N26, and I am looking for a new WFM Forecasting Expert to join our brand new Operations team in Madrid.</p>
<ul>
<li>Do you have hands-on management experience in forecasting processes?</li>
<li>Do you love solving complex problems using SQL and Python to create new and adjust existing forecasting models as well as for data analysis and KPI monitoring?</li>
<li>Do you enjoy building and maintaining Forecasting in Operations?</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>About the opportunity</strong></h2>
<p>The Forecasting Expert is the advanced level role in our workforce management team and owns the WFM Forecasting processes for one or more business lines (depending on their size) end to end. This includes being in charge of administering volume forecasts, their input metrics as well as creation, delivery and presentation to internal and external stakeholders. This to ensure the achievement of forecasting targets and Service Level Agreements.</p>
<h2>In this role, you will:</h2>
<ul>
<li>Ensure maintenance of volume forecasting from information gathering for the input metrics and creation through to delivery and presentation to stakeholders and reportings.</li>
<li>Regular process reviews and end to end planning of improvement projects.</li>
<li>Ensure all service desk tickets and WFM emails are supported within agreed SLA.</li>
<li>Bring clear and to-the-point oral + written communication skills to convey solutions in a business context.</li>
<li>Drive the culture of the team to create an innovative and collaborative environment.<br><br></li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>What you need to be successful:</strong></h2>
<p>Background:</p>
<ul>
<li>Embrace and drive change with a positive, resilient approach to challenging situations.</li>
<li>Communication skills that clearly present ideas, theories, and technical information to operations and managerial staff.&nbsp;</li>
<li>English language proficiency is a must, additional languages relevant to our markets are a plus.</li>
<li>Experience with advanced Spreadsheets (excel or google).</li>
<li>SQL and Python are required, a similar language is a plus.</li>
<li>Experience in the same or a similar role.</li>
<li>Experienced in working with workforce management technologies, ideally Calabrio, is a plus but not essential.</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>What’s in it for you:</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Accelerate your career growth by joining one of Europe’s most talked about disruptors 🚀.</li>
<li>Employee benefits that range from a competitive personal development budget, work from home budget, discounts to fitness &amp; wellness memberships, language apps and public transportation.&nbsp;</li>
<li>As an N26 employee you will have access to a Premium subscription on your personal N26 bank account. As well as subscriptions for friends and family members.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;</li>
<li>Vacation days vary depending on your location of work. Additional day of annual leave for each year of service.&nbsp;&nbsp;</li>
<li>A high degree of autonomy and access to cutting edge technologies - all while working with a friendly team of peers of diverse nationalities, life experiences and family statuses.&nbsp;</li>
<li>A relocation package with visa support for those who need it.</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Who we are:</strong></h2>
<p>N26 has reimagined banking for today’s digital world. Technology and design empower<a href="https://n26.com/en-eu/blog"> everything we do</a> and it’s how we are building the global banking platform the world loves to use.</p>
<p>We've eliminated physical branches, paperwork, and hidden fees for an elegant digital experience and supreme savings. Giving people the power to live and bank their way is what gets us out of bed in the morning and inspires the work that we do.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Founded in 2013,<a href="https://n26.com/en-eu/about-n26"> N26</a> now has more than 8 million customers in 24 markets. We are headquartered in Berlin with offices in multiple cities across Europe, including Vienna and Barcelona, and a 1,500-strong team of more than 80 nationalities.</p>
<p><strong>Sounds good? Apply now for this position.</strong></p>
<p><em>N26 is an equal opportunity employer and values diversity. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status or disability status.</em></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>