**About the Team**

As the Growth team, we play a key role in making Meesho one of the most sought-after e-commerce destinations in India😋 We hold end-to-end responsibility to launch and scale-up users on the platform by ensuring the right selection, competitive pricing and sales. As our senior copywriter, you’ll join us to create the best user experience in the online shopping journey – word by word✍

From acquiring users onto the social media channels through social-first campaigns to monthly sales campaigns, we look after all funnels of the user’s life on Meesho. We also engage and retain our users on the platform with growth-related initiatives. We want to enable every user to experience the power of Internet commerce💪

We focus on personal growth and team bonding just as much as we do on working hard. That’s why, we have regular 1-1s, monthly outings, and timely rewards and recognitions🥳

**About the Role**

**Short version:**We’re searching for someone with a blackbelt in wordplay. An experienced wordsmith ninja who loves cracking lame jokes, puns, and witty one-liners. Someone who has a flair for turning ordinary briefs into something extraordinarily creative.

**Long version:**Being a Senior Copywriter in the User Growth team of Meesho is a role that requires someone who can craft copy that strikes precision and leaves a lasting impact. We’re looking for a creatively energetic person who is excited to immerse themself in creative thinking and push boundaries to develop fresh and innovative ideas. Are you ready to unleash your creativity and bring a touch of quirkiness to every project?

## What you will do

- Wield the power of words to create compelling and engaging copy that inspires action across various platforms, including social media, push notifications, digital ads, and more.
- Dive deep into the brand's essence, understanding its voice and personality. Your copy will seamlessly integrate with the brand's identity, leaving a lasting impression.
- Collaborate with the creative team, brainstorming ideas that push the boundaries. Your imagination will know no bounds as you come up with innovative concepts.
- Unleash your sharp-eyed grammar ninja skills to ensure flawless copy that is free of typos, inconsistencies, and grammatical errors.
- Navigate the ever-changing landscape of project timelines and deadlines with agility. Your ability to multitask and prioritize will ensure that no copy challenge is left unconquered.

**Requirements:**

- You must possess a black belt in copywriting, with a proven track record of crafting impactful and persuasive copy.
- Your mind is a treasure trove of creative ideas, and you can think outside the box to deliver copy that stands out from the crowd.
- You have an eagle-eyed focus on the tiniest of details, ensuring that every comma, semicolon, and hyphen is in its rightful place.
- A quirky sense of humor! Your copy will surprise, entertain, and tickle the funny bones of your audience.

## What you will need

- **Experience**:
- 5+ years of copywriting experience (Non-negotiable).
- A combination of ad agency and client-side experience is a plus.
- Have previously worked on a myriad of brands and industries. (Kudos, if you’ve worked on an e-commerce brand)
- Experience in writing ad films for any medium. Great recommendations by previous employers.

**About us**

Welcome to Meesho, where every story begins with a spark of inspiration and a dash of entrepreneurial spirit. We're not just a platform; we're your partner in turning dreams into realities.

**Curious about life at Meesho? Explore our Glassdoor - our people have a lot to say and they've helped us become a loved workplace in India.**

**Our Mission**

Democratising internet commerce for everyone — Meesho (Meri Shop) started with a single idea in mind: to be an e-commerce destination for Indian consumers and to enable small businesses to succeed online.

We provide our sellers with benefits such as zero commission and affordable shipping solutions in the market. Today, sellers nationwide are growing their businesses by tapping into Meesho’s large and diverse customer base, state-of-the-art tech infrastructure, and pan-India logistics network through trusted third-party partners.

Affordable, relatable merchandise that mirrors local markets has helped us connect with internet users and serve customers across urban, semi-urban, and rural India. Our unique business model and continuous innovation have established us as a part of India’s e-commerce ecosystem.

**Culture and Total Rewards**

Our focus is on cultivating a dynamic workplace characterized by high impact and performance excellence. We prioritize a people-centric culture, dedicated to hiring and developing exceptional talent.

Total rewards at Meesho comprise a comprehensive set of elements — monetary, non-monetary, tangible, and intangible. Our 9 guiding principles, or "Mantras," are the backbone of how we operate, influencing everything from recognition and evaluation to growth discussions. Daily rituals and processes like “Problem First Mindset,” “Listen or Die,” our Internal Mobility Program, Talent Reviews, and Continuous Performance Management embody these principles.

We offer competitive compensation — both cash and equity-based — tailored to job roles, individual experience, and skill, along with employee-centric benefits and a supportive work environment. Our holistic wellness program, MeeCare, includes benefits across physical, mental, financial, and social wellness. This includes extensive medical insurance for employees and their families, wellness initiatives like telehealth, wellness events, and fitness-related perks.

To support work-life balance, we offer generous leave policies, parental support, retirement benefits, and learning and development assistance. Through personalized recognition, gratitude for stretched work, and engaging activities, we promote employee delight at the workplace. Additional benefits such as salary advance support, relocation assistance, and flexible benefit plans further enrich the Meesho experience.

Know more about Meesho here : <https://www.meesho.io/>