<p>The Enterprise Advanced team is a diverse group of individuals across Europe and India, who develop software to run MongoDB on any type of infrastructure at global scale. Our software and services allow users to deploy fault-tolerant, globally distributed MongoDB clusters in minutes. The main focus of this department is to adapt our software to manage MongoDB clusters which are deployed in data centers or private and hybrid cloud platforms.</p>
<p>The Backup Team delivers essential infrastructure to help our customers in their hour of need - providing the ability to quickly restore a massive, distributed database to any point in time at the click of a button. The Backup Team’s mission is to make MongoDB backup more reliable, faster, and also cheaper.&nbsp; This team is responsible for the Backup Agent (Go), the extensive server-side infrastructure (Java) which manages 100s of TB of data and processes billions of operations per day, and the user interface (Javascript)&nbsp; that customers use to manage their backups. Common project themes are performance, scaling, and ease of use.&nbsp;</p>
<h3>We're looking for someone who is</h3>
<ul>
<li>Skilled at writing large-scale, distributed backend systems in a compiled language (Java, C#, Go, etc.)</li>
<li>Fond of chasing down tough problems in a distributed systems environment</li>
<li>Cool under pressure - has wrangled production crises, and secretly finds this a little fun</li>
<li>Experienced with Linux, and able to correlate application performance problems with underlying hardware limits</li>
<li>Comfortable working across the stack of a modern web application</li>
<li>Always striving to expand their knowledge</li>
<li>Curious, collaborative and intellectually honest&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<h3>Responsibilities</h3>
<ul>
<li>Work closely with product teams, considering the user’s perspective while helping the team achieve success</li>
<li>Collaborate with team members over best practices and core concepts</li>
<li>Hold yourself accountable to your actions, maintaining the balance between accomplishing goals with research &amp; development</li>
<li>Own<a href="https://www.mongodb.com/company"> our core values</a> and adhere to them in your work, and</li>
<li>Stay up to date with best practices in web engineering&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<h3>Success Measures</h3>
<p>A Software Engineer will be successful in this role when they</p>
<ul>
<li>Are open, honest and willing to contribute and collaborate with others</li>
<li>Develop confidence in finding their way across the platform</li>
<li>Can take responsibility for the planning and execution of a major feature, representing Engineering when working with Product and Design</li>
<li>Are willing to learn and contribute to all parts of the stack</li>
<li>Are resolute in their approach to problem solving, balancing the needs of their team with the willingness to get to the bottom of issues</li>
</ul>
<h3>About MongoDB</h3>
<p>MongoDB is built for change, empowering our customers and our people to innovate at the speed of the market. We have redefined the database for the AI era, enabling innovators to create, transform, and disrupt industries with software. MongoDB’s unified database platform—the most widely available, globally distributed database on the market—helps organizations modernize legacy workloads, embrace innovation, and unleash AI. Our cloud-native platform, MongoDB Atlas, is the only globally distributed, multi-cloud database and is available across AWS, Google Cloud, and Microsoft Azure.</p>
<p>With offices worldwide and nearly 60,000 customers—including 75% of the Fortune 100 and AI-native startups—relying on MongoDB for their most important applications, we’re powering the next era of software.</p>
<p>Our compass at MongoDB is our <a href="https://www.mongodb.com/company">Leadership Commitment,</a> guiding how and why we make decisions, show up for each other, and win. It’s what makes us MongoDB.&nbsp;</p>
<p>To drive the personal growth and business impact of our employees, we’re committed to developing a supportive and enriching culture for everyone. <a href="https://www.mongodb.com/company/blog/culture/employee-benefits-that-make-a-difference-at-mongodb">From employee affinity groups, to fertility assistance and a generous parental leave policy</a>, we value our employees’ wellbeing and want to support them along every step of their professional and personal journeys.<a href="https://www.mongodb.com/blog/channel/culture"> Learn more about what it’s like to work at MongoDB</a>, and help us make an impact on the world!</p>
<p>MongoDB is committed to providing any necessary accommodations for individuals with disabilities within our application and interview process. To request an accommodation due to a disability, please inform your recruiter.</p>
<p>MongoDB is an equal opportunities employer.</p>
<p>REQ ID: 1273351990</p>