<h2><strong>Who we are</strong></h2>
<h3><strong>About Stripe</strong></h3>
<p>Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies—from the world’s largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyone’s reach while doing the most important work of your career.</p>
<h3><strong>About the team</strong></h3>
<p>Our Growth team is on a mission to acquire, convert and grow millions of merchants globally across Stripe’s full suite of financial products. We are a cross functional team of engineers, scientists, marketers, designers and product managers that deliver the insights, algorithms, internal systems and tools, and user-facing experiences that fuel Stripe’s growth. In short we make it easy for people to act on their interest in Stripe.</p>
<p>As part of the Growth Design team, you will design products that help bring new users into Stripe and take their first steps with our tools with the strongest possible start. This includes working on products that bridge our marketing and dashboard experiences together, as well as key growth-related customer experiences (e.g., onboarding, user dashboards, product recommendations and more).</p>
<h2><strong>What you’ll do</strong></h2>
<p>The Product Design team is composed of several teams that work together to help define, create, and deliver all user-facing aspects of the Stripe brand and product. Product Designers work directly with Engineers, Product Managers, Data Scientists, and Marketers in each product area. As members of the product team, they define the user-facing experiences our users encounter on Stripe products, then translate that thinking into a complete experience that can be tested, shipped, and refined. They are responsible for creating well-functioning, beautiful products and experiences that users love, and are eager to recommend to others.&nbsp;</p>
<p>In this role, you’ll work closely with marketing, brand, and our dashboard teams to help new users understand Stripe’s capabilities, create an account, and discover and use Stripe for the first time. You will partner with engineers, data scientists, product managers, marketers, and lawyers to shape product experiences that help people start and scale their businesses on Stripe in their earliest stages of exploring our platform.</p>
<h3><strong>Responsibilities</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Reimagine pricing packages for Stripe to simplify and streamline our product offerings for users. You'll be pivotal in evolving how these appear across our funnel to users within the dashboard and think about new patterns for easier activation.</li>
<li>Help us design beautiful experiences that bridge our marketing and dashboard products, creating a coherent transition for users signing up to Stripe and activating for the first time.</li>
<li>Work across growth to design experiences that help users take strong first steps on Stripe, activate their account, and find the right set of products for their business.</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>You will</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Design industry-leading experiences that reduce the friction for new users onboarding to Stripe.</li>
<li>Understand Stripe’s product suite, customer needs, and developments in AI/ML that could influence our growth strategy.</li>
<li>Contribute to work across the entire Growth team, including customer acquisition, conversion, and retention experiences.</li>
<li>Champion design in growth (and growth in the design organization). Apply design priorities and principles to growth projects, and help show how growth work makes progress toward design goals in the user experience.</li>
<li>Work with engineering and product to design, build, and launch user-facing product experiences.</li>
<li>Work closely with our partner teams to help support their growth and onboarding needs.</li>
<li>Partner closely with our user research team and support ongoing research projects.</li>
<li>Participate in design reviews and share your work regularly with design and company leadership.</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Who you are</strong></h2>
<p>We’re looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.</p>
<h3><strong>Minimum requirements</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>5+ years relevant design experience at a tech, product-driven company</li>
<li>Experience designing onboarding journeys, product demos, or other growth-related domains.</li>
<li>Experience aligning a broad set of stakeholders via strong written and verbal communication skills</li>
<li>Ability to thrive with significant autonomy and responsibility</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>Preferred qualifications</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Ability to reduce complex problems down to the right balance of flexibility, power, and ease of use, especially when explaining technical experiences to non-technical stakeholders</li>
<li>Have deep curiosity about how things work, and not afraid to get your hands dirty&nbsp;</li>
<li>Experience with A/B testing, or designing in analytical/data-driven contexts</li>
<li>Skilled in explaining your work, process, and decisions to cross-functional stakeholders and crave feedback to help you produce your best work</li>
<li>Comfortable presenting work to stakeholders regularly</li>
<li>Loves working with other designers to help them learn and grow—and have them help you learn and grow</li>
<li>Are uncompromisingly service-minded towards our users and your colleagues, but able to set and achieve priorities that find the perfect balance between benefiting the project, the Design team, and all of Stripe</li>
</ul>