<p><strong>This is Adyen</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Adyen provides payments, data, and financial products in a single solution for customers like Meta, Uber, H&amp;M, and Microsoft - making us the financial technology platform of choice. At Adyen, everything we do is engineered for ambition.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">For our teams, we create an environment with opportunities for our people to succeed, backed by the culture and support to ensure they are enabled to truly own their careers. We are motivated individuals who tackle unique technical challenges at scale and solve them as a team. Together, we deliver innovative and ethical solutions that help businesses achieve their ambitions faster.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;"><strong>Manager, Account Managem</strong><strong>ent </strong></span></p>
<p>We’re looking for an experienced and motivated leader to join our Account Management team. You will build, mentor, and coach a team of account managers who are responsible for growing strategic merchant relationships and payments revenue. You are comfortable streamlining team operations, encouraging effective collaboration, and engaging with executives at all levels. As a critical role as part of the Commercial Engine at Adyen, you will help to iterate our culture and build an amazing team environment that will create future leaders for Adyen.</p>
<p><strong>What you’ll do</strong></p>
<p>As the Manager, Account Management, your role and some of your responsibilities will include:</p>
<ul>
<li>Motivate team members and encourage creativity while understanding training needs. Provide coaching in areas including but not limited to: strategic account planning, contract negotiations, product roadmap discussions, and executive engagement.</li>
<li>When needed, get involved in operational tasks, help build C-level relationships, and support the team in merchant escalation calls or critical negotiations.</li>
<li>Hire, develop and retain diverse talent to support our commercial and strategic ambitions.</li>
<li>Co-define and monitor Commercial OKRs achievement every year on a team and individual level.&nbsp; Report on performance and metrics at an executive level.</li>
<li>Collaborate cross-functionally to communicate Singapore merchant needs and feedback to HQ, impacting Adyen’s product innovation and development, and delivering merchant projects.</li>
<li>Drive initiatives and projects together with other AM Leads to strengthen our efforts towards automation, smarter usage of commercial tools&nbsp; and "Account Management at scale” to achieve higher productivity and increased customer satisfaction.</li>
<li>Create an inspiring and collaborative team environment with an open communication/feedback culture.</li>
<li>Hands on management of key merchants.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Who you are</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>An energetic self-starter with a proven commercial edge, entrepreneurial track record and strong negotiation skills.</li>
<li>Excited to lead and manage time-sensitive, cross-functional initiatives in a fast-paced, highly entrepreneurial and collaborative environment.</li>
<li>You have good leadership and interpersonal skills: you listen, you have empathy, you can communicate effectively and convince when necessary.</li>
<li>You are passionate to push boundaries and create value in the payments space</li>
<li>You can manage complex projects to achieve the best results</li>
<li>You enjoy working in uncertain situations and you can deal with ambiguity</li>
<li>You are able to engage in and navigate fast-paced discussions internally and with customers to drive positive outcomes</li>
<li>You can work seamlessly with a global, multicultural team</li>
<li>Payments experience is a plus.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Minimum Qualifications</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>10+ years experience in account management, sales, consulting, or a related field</li>
<li>3+ years experience managing teams</li>
<li>Experience working with enterprise merchants / customers</li>
<li>Bachelor's degree</li>
<li>Full professional proficiency in English</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Our Diversity, Equity and Inclusion commitments&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Our unique approach is a product of our diverse perspectives. This diversity of backgrounds and cultures is essential in helping us maintain our momentum. Our business and technical challenges are unique, and we need as many different voices as possible to join us in solving them - voices like yours. No matter who you are or where you’re from, we welcome you to be your true self at Adyen.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Studies show that women and members of underrepresented communities apply for jobs only if they meet 100% of the qualifications. Does this sound like you? If so, Adyen encourages you to reconsider and apply. We look forward to your application!</span></p>
<p><strong>What’s next?</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Ensuring a smooth and enjoyable candidate experience is critical for us. We aim to get back to you regarding your application within 5 business days. Our interview process tends to take about 4 weeks to complete, but may fluctuate depending on the role. </span><a href="https://careers.adyen.com/how-we-hire"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Learn more about our hiring process here</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">. Don’t be afraid to let us know if you need more flexibility.</span></p>
<p>This role is based out of our Singapore office. We are an office-first company and value in-person collaboration; we do not offer remote-only roles.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>