<p><strong>LOCATION: </strong>This role covers Florida and southern Georgia.</p>
<p data-start="234" data-end="616">We are seeking a highly motivated Clinical Oncology Specialist to join our newly formed Head and Neck Oncology specialty team. This is a unique opportunity to step into a high visibility, tumor specific role where you will help drive the adoption and continued growth of Signatera, our first of its kind MRD ctDNA technology that is transforming how cancer is monitored and managed.</p>
<p data-start="618" data-end="971">In this role, you will serve as a strategic partner in the field and a key representative of Natera Oncology. You will work cross functionally to engage and build strong relationships with leading clinicians and key opinion leaders across integrated delivery networks, academic medical centers, hospital systems, and select community oncology practices.</p>
<p data-start="973" data-end="1315">Your primary stakeholders will include ENT physicians, Medical Oncologists, Oncology Surgeons, and Pathologists. Success in this role requires strong clinical insight, a deep understanding of the head and neck oncology landscape, and the ability to navigate complex healthcare environments while building meaningful, trust based partnerships.</p>
<p data-start="1317" data-end="1555">We are looking for individuals who bring an entrepreneurial mindset, thrive in a fast paced environment, and are motivated by the opportunity to make a real impact on patient care. This role requires frequent travel throughout the region.</p>
<p><strong>PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Learn Natera products, services, processes, policies, key internal teams, as well as competitor’s products, services, policies and practices, and payer/reimbursement landscape in the territory to be effective in the COS role.</li>
<li>Identify Key Opinion Leaders (KOLs), hospitals, clinics and physicians that are appropriate for Natera products &amp; services in the territory and gain their trust and business.</li>
<li>Calls on oncologists and other medical personnel to provide product information for the sale of Natera’s Oncology diagnostics.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Capitalize on selling opportunities and/or to influence physicians, key opinion leaders, hospitals and clinics.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Responsible for the sale of the company’s oncology diagnostics products within an assigned territory or geographic region.</li>
<li>Monitor, document and report on existing business as well as challenges and new opportunities. Escalate issues not resolved timely or to the satisfaction of the clients.</li>
<li>Conduct business in an ethical &amp; transparent fashion.</li>
<li>Perform other duties as assigned.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>QUALIFICATIONS:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Bachelor’s degree required.</li>
<li>5+ years of experience with consistent success in Head and Neck Cancer, Medical Oncology, Surgical and/or Dx sales preferred.</li>
<li>Knowledge of the targeted academic and community Oncology market, molecular diagnostics, personalized medicine and reimbursement.</li>
<li>Ability to perform overnight travel.</li>
<li>Demonstrated leadership capabilities, financial management and written and oral communications skills</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS, AND ABILITIES:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Excellent communication and presentation skills.</li>
<li>Strategic and forward thinking.</li>
<li>Effectively work in teams and are autonomous self-starters with experience in business analysis and have a command of Oncology and Healthcare business trends.</li>
<li>Be able to demonstrate oncology clinical &amp; medical expertise.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>The total on-target earnings (OTE) package includes a competitive base salary along with uncapped quarterly commissions. Beyond OTE, the compensation also features a car allowance and Restricted Stock Units (RSUs).</strong></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p><div class="content-pay-transparency"><div class="pay-input"><div class="description"><p>The compensation package listed is for 1st year OTE, which are based on a wide array of factors unique to each candidate, including but not limited to skill set, years &amp; depth of experience, certifications and specific office location. On-target earnings (OTE) represent the total potential income an employee can earn by achieving 100% of their performance goals. It combines a base salary with commissions and serves as an estimated figure rather than a guaranteed amount, providing a guideline based on average performance outcomes.</p></div><div class="title">On-target earnings (OTE) </div><div class="pay-range"><span>$190,000</span><span class="divider">&mdash;</span><span>$225,000 USD</span></div></div></div><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>OUR OPPORTUNITY</strong></p>
<p>Natera™ is a global leader in cell-free DNA (cfDNA) testing, dedicated to oncology, women’s health, and organ health. Our aim is to make personalized genetic testing and diagnostics part of the standard of care to protect health and enable earlier and more targeted interventions that lead to longer, healthier lives.</p>
<p>The Natera team consists of highly dedicated statisticians, geneticists, doctors, laboratory scientists, business professionals, software engineers and many other professionals from world-class institutions, who care deeply for our work and each other. When you join Natera, you’ll work hard and grow quickly. Working alongside the elite of the industry, you’ll be stretched and challenged, and take pride in being part of a company that is changing the landscape of genetic disease management.</p>
<p><strong>WHAT WE OFFER</strong></p>
<p>Competitive Benefits - Employee benefits include comprehensive medical, dental, vision, life and disability plans for eligible employees and their dependents. Additionally, Natera employees and their immediate families receive free testing in addition to fertility care benefits. Other benefits include pregnancy and baby bonding leave, 401k benefits, commuter benefits and much more. We also offer a generous employee referral program!</p>
<p>For more information, visit <a href="http://www.natera.com/" data-cke-saved-href="http://www.natera.com/">www.natera.com</a>.</p>
<p>Natera is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer. We are committed to ensuring a diverse and inclusive workplace environment, and welcome people of different backgrounds, experiences, abilities and perspectives. Inclusive collaboration benefits our employees, our community and our patients, and is critical to our mission of changing the management of disease worldwide.</p>
<p>All qualified applicants are encouraged to apply, and will be considered without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, age, veteran status, disability or any other legally protected status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with applicable laws.</p>
<p><em>If you are based in California, we encourage you to read this important information for California residents.&nbsp;</em></p>
<p>Link: <a href="https://www.natera.com/notice-of-data-collection-california-residents" target="\_blank">https://www.natera.com/notice-of-data-collection-california-residents/</a></p>
<p>Please be advised that Natera will reach out to candidates with a @<a href="http://natera.com/" target="\_blank" data-saferedirecturl="https://www.google.com/url?q=http://natera.com&amp;source=gmail&amp;ust=1657718972773000&amp;usg=AOvVaw3zRwaIiu7070kJKNG4hjRm">natera.com</a>&nbsp;email domain ONLY. Email communications from all other domain names are not from Natera or its employees and are fraudulent. Natera does not request interviews via text messages and does not ask for personal information until a candidate has engaged with the company and has spoken to a recruiter and the hiring team. Natera takes cyber crimes seriously, and will collaborate with law enforcement authorities to prosecute any related cyber crimes.</p>
<p>For more information:<br>- <a href="https://www.bbb.org/article/tips/12261-bbb-tip-employment-scams" target="\_blank">BBB announcement on job scams</a>&nbsp;<br>- <a href="https://www.fbi.gov/investigate/cyber" target="\_blank">FBI Cyber Crime resource page</a>&nbsp;</p></div>