<h2><strong>Who we are</strong></h2>
<div>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">Helsing is a defence AI company. Our mission is to protect our democracies. We aim to achieve technological leadership, so that open societies can continue to make sovereign decisions and control their ethical standards.</span><span data-ccp-props="{">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">As democracies, we believe we have a special responsibility to be thoughtful about the development and deployment of powerful technologies like AI. We take this responsibility seriously.</span><span data-ccp-props="{">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span data-contrast="none">We are an ambitious and committed team of engineers, AI specialists and customer-facing programme managers.<span data-contrast="auto">&nbsp;We are looking for mission-driven people to join our European teams – and apply their skills to solve the most complex and impactful problems. We embrace an open and transparent culture that welcomes healthy debates on the use of technology in defence, its benefits, and its ethical implications.</span><span data-ccp-props="{">&nbsp;</span></span></p>
</div>
<h2><strong>The role</strong></h2>
<p>As Bid Manager at Helsing, you will play a pivotal role in advancing our mission to revolutionise defence and national security through cutting-edge AI technology. By leading the development and submission of strategic proposals, you'll be instrumental in securing partnerships and projects that expand our impact in safeguarding societies. Your ability to coordinate agile teams and shape compelling narratives will directly support Helsing's mission to provide advanced solutions that empower decision-makers in critical environments. This position not only influences our growth trajectory but also contributes to our overarching goal of creating a safer and more secure world through technological innovation.</p>
<h2><strong>The day-to-day</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li data-renderer-start-pos="12951">
<p>Coordinate the end-to-end development of proposals, ensuring alignment with client requirements and showcasing Helsing's innovative AI solutions effectively</p>
</li>
<li data-renderer-start-pos="13139">
<p>Work closely with sales, technical, and operational teams to gather necessary information and ensure all proposal components meet strategic, technical, and compliance standards</p>
</li>
<li data-renderer-start-pos="13352">
<p>Oversee the bid timeline, manage resources, and ensure submission deadlines are met, using project management tools and methodologies to maintain organisation</p>
</li>
<li data-renderer-start-pos="13535">
<p>Conduct ongoing research to understand client needs, competitive landscapes, and market trends, using insights to tailor proposals and strategies</p>
</li>
<li data-renderer-start-pos="13713">
<p>Ensure all bid components meet legal, compliance, and regulatory standards, identifying potential risks and developing mitigation strategies</p>
</li>
<li data-renderer-start-pos="13890">
<p>Regularly update leadership on bid progress and outcomes, and conduct post-bid evaluations with teams to refine processes and strategies for future opportunities</p>
</li>
<li data-renderer-start-pos="14090">
<p>Continuously seek improvements and innovations in the bidding process, enhancing efficiencies and increasing the strength and competitiveness of proposals</p>
</li>
</ul>
<h2 id="You’ll-do-great-if-you….3" data-renderer-start-pos="15247"><strong>You should apply if you</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>
<p>Have at least 5 years of experience as a Bid Manager, Proposal Manager, or in a similar role</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Are a strategic thinker with a proven ability to lead the end-to-end development of complex proposals, ensuring alignment with client requirements and effectively showcasing innovative solutions</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Excel at collaborating with cross-functional teams, including sales, technical, and operational departments, to gather essential information and meet strategic, technical, and compliance standards</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Possess strong project management skills, capable of overseeing bid timelines, managing resources, and ensuring timely submissions through the effective use of project management tools and methodologies</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Are adept at market research, understanding client needs, competitive landscapes, and market trends to tailor proposals and strategies for maximum impact</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Have a keen eye for detail and a commitment to ensuring all bid components meet legal, compliance, and regulatory standards, with experience in identifying and mitigating potential risks</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Are a clear communicator, able to provide regular updates to leadership on bid progress and outcomes, and facilitate post-bid evaluations to refine future strategies</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Are passionate about driving continuous improvement and innovation within bidding processes to enhance efficiencies and increase the competitiveness of proposals</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Possess fluent German and English language skills</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p><em data-renderer-mark="true"><em data-stringify-type="italic">Note: We operate in an industry where women, as well as other minority groups, are systematically</em>&nbsp;<em data-stringify-type="italic">under-represented. We encourage you to apply even if you don’t meet all the listed qualifications; ability and impact cannot be summarised in a few bullet points.</em></em></p>
<h2><strong><span data-contrast="auto">Join Helsing and work with world-leading experts in their fields</span><span data-ccp-props="{">&nbsp;</span></strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">Helsing’s work is important. You’ll be directly contributing to the protection of democratic countries while balancing both ethical and geopolitical concerns</span></p>
</li>
<li>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">The work is unique. We operate in a domain that has highly unusual technical requirements and constraints, and where robustness, safety, and ethical considerations are vital. You will face unique Engineering and AI challenges that make a meaningful impact in the world</span></p>
</li>
<li>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">Our work frequently takes us right up to the state of the art in technical innovation, be it reinforcement learning, distributed systems, generative AI, or deployment infrastructure. The defence industry is entering the most exciting phase of the technological development curve. Advances in our field of world are not incremental: Helsing is part of, and often leading, historic leaps forward</span></p>
</li>
<li>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">In our domain, success is a matter of order-of-magnitude improvements and novel capabilities. This means we take bets, aim high, and focus on big opportunities. Despite being a relatively young company, Helsing has already been selected for multiple significant government contracts</span></p>
</li>
<li>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">We actively encourage healthy, proactive, and diverse debate internally about what we do and how we choose to do it. Teams and individual engineers are trusted (and encouraged) to practise responsible autonomy and critical thinking, and to focus on outcomes, not conformity. At Helsing you will have a say in how we (and you!) work, the opportunity to engage on what does and doesn’t work, and to take ownership of aspects of our culture that you care deeply about</span></p>
</li>
</ul>
<h2 id="What-we-offer" data-renderer-start-pos="3238"><strong><span id="6afa48f9-b797-428b-aa69-0bc8163b3593" data-renderer-mark="true" data-mark-type="annotation" data-mark-annotation-type="inlineComment" data-id="6afa48f9-b797-428b-aa69-0bc8163b3593">What we offer</span></strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">A focus on outcomes, not time-tracking</span></p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Competitive compensation and stock options</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Relocation support</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Social and education allowances</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Regular company events and all-hands to bring together employees as one team across Europe</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><em data-stringify-type="italic">Helsing is an equal opportunities employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, religion, sexual orientation, age, marital status, disability or gender identity. Please do not submit personal data revealing racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, trade union membership, data concerning your health, or data concerning your sexual orientation.</em></p><div class="content-conclusion"><div>&nbsp;</div>
<div>Helsing's Candidate Privacy and Confidentiality Regime can be found <a href="https://helsing.ai/candidate-privacy-and-confidentiality-regime/" target="\_blank">here</a>.&nbsp;</div>
<div>&nbsp;</div>
<div>&nbsp;</div></div>