<h4><strong>We are looking for a Senior Software Engineer to join the TIGAH team in our Patient Relationship Management domain.</strong></h4>
<p><strong>Your Impact</strong></p>
<p>As a Senior Software Engineer, your mission will be to work on Document Management, Patient Qualification and Patient Intake. These features are key to streamline patient care journeys inside healthcare practices, improving health professionals' work life with reduced paperwork, while ensuring best care delivery to patients.</p>
<p>Working in the tech team at Doctolib involves building innovative products and features to improve the daily lives of care teams and patients. We work in feature teams in an agile environment, while collaborating with product, design, and business teams.</p>
<p><strong>What you'll do</strong></p>
<p><em>Build and ship features across both the discovery and delivery phases of product development</em><em>Develop the Ruby on Rails monolith with React (TypeScript) frontend as well as work on newly created services in Java/Kotlin</em><em>Share your knowledge proactively via pair- and mob-programming sessions</em><em>Work on infrastructure topics like observability (metrics/alerts in DataDog) and scalability</em><em>Write test-driven pragmatically engineered code</em></p>
<p><strong>Who you are</strong></p>
<p>You have:</p>
<p><em>At least 6 years of experience in Software Engineering</em><em>Proficiency with Java/Kotlin or Ruby on Rails development</em><em>Proficiency with React development</em><em>A proactive, involved, curious, and collaborative mindset</em></p>
<p><strong>It would be fantastic if you:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Have experience shipping cloud-native systems on Kubernetes and Cloud Services (AWS/Azure/GCP)</li>
<li>Can set up and evolve CI/CD with GitHub Actions</li>
<li>Keep a high testing bar (unit, integration, e2e) and design for testability</li>
<li>Can debug and improve distributed systems in production with strong observability</li>
<li>Have expertise in designing data models and driving database migrations and performance tuning for real-time workloads (PostgreSQL preferred: connection pooling, indexing, query optimization)</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Life at Doctolib Tech</strong></p>
<p><em>Our solutions are built on a single fully cloud-native platform that supports web and mobile app interfaces, multiple languages, and is adapted to the country and healthcare specialty requirements. To address these challenges, we are modularizing our platform run in a distributed architecture through reusable components.</em><em>Our stack is composed of Rails, TypeScript, Java, Python, Kotlin, Swift, and React Native.</em><em>We leverage AI ethically across our products to empower patients and health professionals. Discover our AI vision <a href="https://careers.doctolib.com/ai-careers/">here</a> and learn about our first AI hackathon <a href="https://medium.com/doctolib/building-for-healthcare-our-first-ai-hackathon-aa9d10d1a250">here!</a></em></p>
<p><em>Want to learn more about our tech culture and environment? Visit the</em><a href="https://careers.doctolib.com/tech-doctolib/"><em> Doctolib Tech site</em></a><em>.</em></p>
<p><strong>What we offer </strong>&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>Company health insurance through our partner Allianz</li>
<li>Minimum 28 days of paid leave</li>
<li>Parent Care Program: receive one additional month of leave on top of the legal parental leave</li>
<li>Free mental health and coaching services through our partner Moka.care</li>
<li>For caregivers and workers with disabilities, a package including an adaptation of the remote policy, extra days off for medical reasons, and psychological support</li>
<li>A flexible workplace policy offering both hybrid and office-based mode</li>
<li>Work from EU countries and the UK for up to 10 days per year, thanks to our flexibility days policy</li>
<li>Reimbursement of public transportation</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;<strong>&nbsp;The interview process </strong>&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>Recruiter Interview</li>
<li>Live coding interview</li>
<li>System Design interview</li>
<li>Behavioral interview</li>
<li>Offer!</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;<strong>Job details</strong>&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>Permanent position</li>
<li>Full Time&nbsp;</li>
<li>Hybrid work mode: 3 days/week in the office</li>
<li>Workplace : Berlin</li>
<li>Start date: asap</li>
</ul>
<p><em>If you would like to find out more about tech life at Doctolib, feel free to read our latest Medium blog articles!</em></p>
<p><em>At Doctolib, we are committed to improving access to healthcare for everyone. This translates into our recruitment process. We evaluate candidates based solely on qualifications and motivation, without any form of discrimination. The more diverse ideas are heard, the more our product will truly improve healthcare for all. You are welcome to apply to Doctolib, regardless of your gender, religion, age, sexual orientation, or ethnicity, and whether or not you have a disability. To ensure equal opportunities, we invite you to exclude personal information (e.g., pictures, age) from your applications. If you require any accommodation, please let us know for support during the hiring process.</em></p>
<p><em>Join us in building the healthcare we all dream of! All information provided is processed by Doctolib for application management. For data processing details, click here. Please contact hr.dataprivacy(at)doctolib.com to exercise your rights (but not for applications).</em></p>