<div class="content-intro"><p>Celonis is the global leader in Process Intelligence and the pioneer of Process Mining technology. As one of the world’s fastest-growing enterprise SaaS companies, we are changemakers pushing the boundaries of what’s possible. We invest heavily in advanced AI capabilities—specifically our Process Intelligence Graph—to turn data insights into immediate business action. We believe there is a massive opportunity to unlock global productivity and sustainability by placing intelligence at the core of every business process. Join our mission to make processes work for people, companies, and the planet.</p></div><p><strong>The Role</strong>:</p>
<p>We are looking for a curious, smart and “learn it all” Architect with proven experience and a passion for designing solution architectures for our prospects and customers to support and help our growing sales team to achieve revenue goals.</p>
<p>You work with the technical teams at our prospects and customers to design an architecture for the integration of our products that will meet their performance, data/information security and business requirements; you will unlock technical blockers that can slow down the adoption of our products and partner closely with our Sales and Value Engineering teams as well as our Product Management, Data Ops and Information Security teams. You will be responsible for supporting engagements with new prospects as well as existing customers that look to expand their footprint. Measures of success include new customer acquisition rates, retention, up-selling and contribution to overall sales team and business success.</p>
<p><strong>The work you’ll do:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Lead and define the overall architecture, data and cloud strategy for our largest client accounts</li>
<li>Engage with customers C-level their strategic objectives with the Celonis technical strategy</li>
<li>Be the bridge between our product &amp; engineering teams within Celonis with the clients teams to provide the best technical services for our clients</li>
<li>Assess our customer installed base IT landscape maturity for the region</li>
<li>Participate in pre-Sales and post-Sales phases, engaging with customer Architecture and security teams</li>
<li>Coach and guide Celonis consulting teams and ecosystem partners on technical implementation related issues (architecture, integration, performance and scalability)</li>
<li>Develop re-usable assets for the consulting teams on projects</li>
<li>Develop customer facing position papers, assets and thought leadership presentations on architecture and innovation with Celonis</li>
<li>Creation of technical designs and presentations for internal and client stakeholders</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>The qualifications you need:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>15 to 25 years of relevant experience (Software vendor Architect, Top consulting firms CTO or Enterprise Architect at a customer)</li>
<li>Strong background in Data Architecture, Integrations patterns, and Development background in data related languages (SQL, Python...)</li>
<li>Excellent written and verbal communication skills</li>
<li>Excellent presentation and creativity skills</li>
<li>You can comfortably switch from explaining an architecture diagram to an environment where you coded/assembled a demo of the architecture</li>
<li>Strong technical background with a focus on system integrations, data operations and automation capabilities</li>
<li>Strong understanding of cloud native architectures, SaaS solutions (Salesforce, SAP, Dynamics CRM, ServiceNow), cybersecurity posture fundamentals, API ecosystems and legacy on-premise enterprise architectures</li>
<li>Fluency in English, an additional language such as Spanish, French or Italian is a strong advantage</li>
<li>MSc degree in Computer Science or equivalent in Information Technology related field</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Preferred:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Celonis Certifications and Experience with OCPM and Case Centric Data Pipelines</li>
<li>AWS/Azure/GCP Certifications</li>
<li>ESB / ETL Certifications (Mulesoft, Oracle, SAP, Talend, Informatica)</li>
<li>TOGAF/Zachmann Certification</li>
<li>Experience in at least 2 domains among: Finance, Manufacturing, Supply Chain, Customer/Consumer Management (Service, Order Management, Sales), HR, Procurement.</li>
<li>Experience in at least 2 industries among: Consumer Goods, Banking, Pharma, Aerospace, Telco, Transport.</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>What Celonis can offer you:</strong></p>
<ul class="p-rich\_text\_list p-rich\_text\_list\_\_bullet p-rich\_text\_list--nested" data-stringify-type="unordered-list" data-list-tree="true" data-indent="0" data-border="0">
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Pioneer Innovation:</span> Work with the global leader in Process Mining and the Process Intelligence Graph to shape the future of AI-driven business operations.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Ownership from Day 1:</span> Every full-time "Celonaut" is an owner, receiving Restricted Stock Units (RSUs) and merit-based refresh grants.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Unrivaled Family Support:</span> Benefit from our inclusive parental leave policy—24 weeks of fully paid leave for primary carers and 12 weeks for supporting carers, available from your first day of employment.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Work-Life Integration:</span> Enjoy Unlimited PTO (in applicable regions) and generous PTO globally, as well as a flexible hybrid work model that balances remote focus with vibrant office collaboration.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Continuous Growth:</span> Elevate your skills through our 70-20-10 learning framework, mentorship programs, and access to a dedicated learning platform.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Holistic Well-being:</span> Prioritize your health with subsidized Wellhub memberships, mental health counseling, and dedicated "Wellness Weeks" that prioritize work/life balance.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Drive Sustainability:</span> Participate in annual Impact Days, where you receive paid time off to volunteer for community and environmental causes with your local office, or virtually.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Global Inclusion &amp; Belonging:</span> Find community through our Inclusion Think Tank and participate in our annual Inclusion Days, ensuring every voice is heard and valued.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Value-Driven Impact:</span> Join a mission-led organization where our core values—Live for Customer Value, The Best Team Wins, We Own It, and Earth Is Our Future—drive every decision.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>About Us:</strong></p>
<p>Celonis makes processes work — for people, companies, and the planet. Powered by process mining and AI, the Celonis Process Intelligence Platform integrates process data and business context to create a living digital twin of business operations. We enable thousands of companies worldwide to understand how their business actually runs and, together with their partners, build intelligent solutions that transform and continuously improve the way they operate — unlocking billions in value. Celonis is headquartered in Munich, Germany, and New York City, USA, with more than 20 offices worldwide.</p>
<p><br>Get familiar with the Celonis Process Intelligence Platform by watching this <a href="https://academy.celonis.com/learn/video/discover-the-ems">video</a>.</p>
<p><strong>Celonis Inclusion Statement:</strong></p>
<p>At Celonis, we believe our people make us who we are and that “The Best Team Wins”. We know that the best teams are made up of people who bring different perspectives to the table. And when everyone feels included, able to speak up and knows their voice is heard - that's when creativity and innovation happen.<strong><br></strong></p>
<p><strong>Your Privacy:</strong></p>
<p>Any information you submit to Celonis as part of your application will be processed in accordance with Celonis’ <a href="https://www.celonis.com/careers/candidate-notices">Accessibility and Candidate Notices</a></p>
<p>By submitting this application, you confirm that you agree to the storing and processing of your personal data by Celonis as described in our <a href="https://www.celonis.com/careers/privacy-notice/">Privacy Notice for the Application and Hiring Process</a>.</p>
<p>Please be aware of common job offer scams, impersonators and frauds. Learn more <a href="https://www.celonis.com/careers/fraud-alert/">here</a>.</p></div>