**About Pyka**

Pyka’s goal is to provide society with a new form of safe, clean, and cost-effective transportation enabled by autonomous electric aviation.

To get there, we’re taking a different approach than most. We're applying our technologies to every industry where autonomous electric aircraft can be useful, starting with the highest value and most dangerous jobs. In doing so, we're building game-changing products manufactured at scale, while perfecting the safety, reliability, and capabilities of our autonomy engine and electric propulsion systems.

We design, develop and manufacture an ecosystem of technologies including proprietary flight control software, avionics, high power density motors, motor controllers, batteries, and custom carbon-fiber composite airframes.

Today, we supply autonomous electric aircraft for cargo transport and crop protection to real-world customers across four separate continents and have secured industry-first regulatory approvals from the FAA. Our cargo aircraft enables remote connectivity, enhances express delivery networks, and ensures fast and reliable shipping of critical supplies to areas in need. Our crop protection aircraft offers agricultural services providers and farmers an autonomous tool to make aerial application safer, more precise, and less harmful to surrounding environments. Both vehicles are highly economical to operate, easy to deploy, and significantly reduce C02 emissions in their respective industries.

What you work on at Pyka makes people’s lives better now and brings the future of electric aviation one step closer each day.

Pyka is looking for an **Aircraft Maintenance Technician** to support the development and commercial deployments of its advanced autonomous aircraft. This position requires a proactive, hands-on technician with a strong technical background and a collaborative, team-oriented mindset. The ideal candidate is adaptable, detail-oriented, and capable of thriving in dynamic field and test environments.

As an Aircraft Maintenance Technician, you will report directly to the Brazil Flight Operations Manager and  play an active role in the preparation and execution of maintenance for our fleet of deployed autonomous aircraft within Brazil .  
Your duties will vary significantly from week to week depending on our operations schedules and the needs of our customers. This position plays a critical role in maintaining fleet readiness, supporting field operations, and providing technical feedback to inform design and manufacturing decisions. You’ll be deeply integrated with our Engineering, Testing, and Operations teams, and your contributions will directly impact aircraft reliability, safety, and product evolution. Finally, you will support Pyka's agricultural fleet in Brazil in various locations.

## Responsibilities

- Troubleshoot, repair, and validate functionality of electrical and mechanical subsystems
- Conduct scheduled and unscheduled maintenance, inspections, and field repairs in accordance with Pyka procedures.
- Develop, organize, and maintain detailed maintenance records to support fleet-wide traceability and future compliance systems
- Maintain and update documentation of maintenance procedures and support ongoing development of Pyka aircraft maintenance manuals
- Provide feedback relating to maintenance and serviceability to Pyka's engineering teams in order to inform aircraft improvements
- Occasionally support logistics and transportation planning for operations and customer deliveries
- Maintain and service remote deployed aircrafts, often travel to various  customer locations around Brazil.
- Provide On-call support to Pyka’s deployed teams debugging and troubleshooting mechanical issues with the Pyka system
- Administer a maintenance training program for flight operations team and operating partners

## Preferred Qualifications

- 3-8 years hands-on work with electrical and mechanical systems
- General understanding of autonomous vehicles and typical subsystems (instruments, actuators, on-board computers, etc.)
- Experience with electrical systems and troubleshooting: continuity checks, voltage and current measurements, wiring inspection, including crimps and connectors, functionality checks of instruments by looking at live data or data logs
- Basic high voltage safety knowledge and comfortable working on 120 VDC, 20 ~ 30 kW systems
- Experience inspecting and identifying damage in composite builds and various mechanical components
- Experience maintaining and upgrading safety-critical systems: ability to design and follow appropriate inspection and test plans for sensors, actuators and mechanical systems to ensure quality before returning to service.
- Verbal and written English communication skills
- Exceptional attention to detail, systematic troubleshooting skills, and a continuous improvement mindset
- Willingness to work in Mato Grosso and spend several weeks working independently
- ANAC certification is strongly preferred, but not required.

## Benefits

- Equity
- Paid expenses and meals
- Health and Dental Plans
- Life Insurance

**Export Control Requirements**

This position requires access to technology, software and other information that is subject to governmental access control restrictions, due to export controls.  Employment in this position is conditioned on the continued availability of government authorization to authorize release of such items, to the extent required, including without limitation an export license, or other documentation required to establish authorization to receive access to such items.

Company may delay commencement of employment, rescind an offer of employment, terminate employment, and/or may modify job responsibilities, compensation, benefits, and/or access to Company facilities and information systems, as Company deems appropriate, in order to ensure compliance with applicable government access control restrictions.

--

We do not work with external recruiters; if you are an external recruiter, please do not reach out.