<div class="content-intro"><p><strong>Who we are&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>At Twilio, we’re shaping the future of communications, all from the comfort of our homes. We deliver innovative solutions to<a class="c-link" href="https://customers.twilio.com/" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://customers.twilio.com/" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">&nbsp;hundreds of thousands of businesses&nbsp;</a>and empower millions of developers worldwide to craft personalized customer experiences.</p>
<p>Our dedication to <a class="c-link" href="https://www.twilio.com/en-us/blog/open-work" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://www.twilio.com/en-us/blog/open-work" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">remote-first work</a>, and strong culture of connection and global inclusion means that no matter your location, you’re part of a vibrant team with diverse experiences making a global impact each day. As we continue to revolutionize how the world interacts, we’re acquiring new skills and experiences that make work feel truly rewarding. Your career at Twilio is in your hands.<br><br>We use Artificial Intelligence (AI) to help make our hiring process efficient. That said, every hiring decision is made by real Twilions!</p>
<p><span style="color: rgb(255, 255, 255);">.</span></p></div><p><strong>See yourself at Twilio</strong></p>
<p>Join the team as Twilio’s next Senior Cloud Software Engineer.</p>
<p><strong>About the job</strong></p>
<p>This position is needed to help out the Edge Services team. The team that is responsible for the ingestion of Twilio’s Web Console and API traffic, and its supporting services. As part of the Edge Platform organization, we provide building blocks for all Twilio customers and engineers alike, with high-availability and low-latency requirements, in order to effectively enable over billions of inbound requests every day. We take great pride in wearing customer’s shoes and making decisions inclusively. It is extremely important for us to build services with exceptionally high uptime, availability, and success rates.</p>
<p><strong>Responsibilities</strong></p>
<p>In this role, you’ll:</p>
<ul>
<li><strong>Lead the execution end-to-end:</strong> Design and lead the implementation of scalable, high-availability cloud infrastructure, moving beyond feature work to drive long-term platform strategy while championing Twilio’s "progress over perfection" mindset to deliver continuous, high-impact shipments.</li>
<li><strong>Operational Excellence:</strong> Own the reliability of services handling billions of weekly requests, setting the standard for operational best practices and incident response.</li>
<li><strong>Infrastructure Strategy:</strong> Drive the evolution of our Infrastructure as Code (IaC) patterns using Terraform, ensuring modularity, security, and reusability across the organization. Always aim for a self -service approach such that it keeps the team’s TOIL at minimum.</li>
<li><strong>Continuous optimization:</strong> Continuously looks for optimizations in our pipelines/releases/deliveries that balance rapid deployment with rigorous safety checks.</li>
<li><strong>Technical Mentorship and Reviews:</strong> Actively mentor L1 and L2 engineers as well as help with code reviews, design docs, and pair programming to foster a culture of technical excellence.</li>
<li><strong>Cross-Functional Influence:</strong> Collaborate with Cross teams, Product and Engineering leadership to align technical roadmap, debt reduction and new feature deliveries.</li>
<li><strong>Continuous Innovation:</strong> Be an owner and continuously research and prototype to optimise Twilio’s API infrastructure to provide best in class service to the customers</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Qualifications&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>Twilio values diverse experiences from all kinds of industries, and we encourage everyone who meets the required qualifications to apply. If your career is just starting or hasn't followed a traditional path, don't let that stop you from considering Twilio. We are always looking for people who will bring something new to the table!</p>
<p><strong>\*Required:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>5+ years of professional experience in Cloud, DevOps, or Site Reliability Engineering (SRE), with deep proficiency in Python, Java, Go or another other language of choice.</li>
<li>Architectural Depth: Proven track record of designing and deploying complex AWS cloud-native solutions (e.g., CloudFront, Multitenancies, DNS, Caching strategies, WAF, Lambda, S3, developing hosting solutions, etc) at scale.</li>
<li>IaC Expert: Advanced experience with Terraform, including writing custom providers or managing state at scale across multiple environments.</li>
<li>System Reliability: Deep understanding of SLIs, SLOs, Golden signals, Error Budgets and establishing monitoring strategies; in depth experience using Datadog, Grafana, or Athena to drive data-informed engineering decisions.</li>
<li>Strong background in microservices architecture, specifically regarding traffic routing, rate limiting, and service discovery.</li>
<li>Demonstrated ability to lead technical projects from conception to completion, navigating trade-offs and communicating complex technical concepts to non-technical stakeholders.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Desired</strong>:</p>
<ul>
<li>Experience implementing security-at-scale, including WAF management, DDoS mitigation, and Zero Trust architectures.</li>
<li>Platform Engineering previous experience, passion for building "Internal Developer Platforms" that abstract infrastructure complexity for product teams.</li>
<li>A proven track record of contributing to the cloud-native or networking ecosystem, also has contributions to public Terraform providers or similar open-source initiatives</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Location</strong></p>
<p>This role will be remote, and based in Spain.</p>
<p><strong>Travel&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>We prioritize connection and opportunities to build relationships with our customers and each other. For this role, you may be required to travel occasionally to participate in project or team in-person meetings.</p>
<p><strong>What We Offer</strong></p>
<p>Working at Twilio offers many benefits, including competitive pay, generous time off, ample parental and wellness leave, healthcare, a retirement savings program, and much more. Offerings vary by location.</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>Twilio thinks big. Do you?</strong></p>
<p>We like to solve problems, take initiative, pitch in when needed, and are always up for trying new things. That's why we seek out colleagues who embody our values — something we call <a href="https://www.twilio.com/company/values">Twilio Magic</a>. Additionally, we empower employees to build <a href="https://twilio.org/support-and-resources/impact-fund">positive change in their communities</a> by supporting their volunteering and donation efforts.</p>
<p>So, if you're ready to unleash your full potential, do your best work, and be the best version of yourself, apply now! If this role isn't what you're looking for, <a href="https://www.twilio.com/company/jobs#open-positions">please consider other open positions.</a></p>
<p><strong>Twilio is proud to be an equal opportunity employer.</strong> We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, reproductive health decisions, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, genetic information, political views or activity, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Qualified applicants with arrest or conviction records will be considered for employment in accordance with the Los Angeles County Fair Chance Ordinance for Employers and the California Fair Chance Act. Additionally, Twilio participates in the E-Verify program in certain locations, as required by law.</p></div>