<div class="content-intro"><p><strong>Secure Every Identity, from AI to Human<br><br></strong>Identity is the key to unlocking the potential of AI. Okta secures AI by building the trusted, neutral infrastructure that enables organizations to safely embrace this new era. This work requires a relentless drive to solve complex challenges with real-world stakes. We are looking for builders and owners who operate with speed and urgency and execute with excellence.<br><br>This is an opportunity to do career-defining work. We're all in on this mission. If you are too, let's talk.</p></div><p><strong>About the team</strong></p>
<p>This team sits within the global people operations and shared services team, and is tasked with ownership of Okta’s contingent workforce program. You’ll be joining an amazing organization full of talented HR professionals.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>About the role</strong></p>
<p>The Contingent Workforce Program Manager will drive the evaluation, optimization, and ongoing support of Okta’s contingent worker program.&nbsp; This role is responsible for the end-to-end lifecycle of the non-employee population, with a rigorous focus on third-party risk management (TPRM).&nbsp; You will ensure that all third-party engagements align with corporate policy and legal standards while maintaining seamless operational workflows.</p>
<ul>
<li>Manage the end-to-end lifecycle for international staff augmentation.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Establish and manage strategic partnerships with key suppliers to foster long-term collaboration and ensure proactive talent sourcing for contingent workforce needs.</li>
<li>Standardize and enforce rigorous onboarding and offboarding protocols for all third-party workers, ensuring 100% compliance with required checks.</li>
<li>Oversee and manage Okta’s Extended Workforce Background Screening process via HireRight to include annual background checks when applicable.</li>
<li>Oversee and manage&nbsp; the mandatory curriculum within our<strong> </strong>LMS for both managers and non-employees.</li>
<li>Lead the design and execution of a global Contingent Workforce Compliance Roadmap; establishing clear Rules of Engagement (RoE) and standardized operating procedures for both internal hiring managers and external third-party vendors to security risks.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>About you</strong></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>You’re a self-starter: You thrive in a fast-paced environment, have a bias for action, and move work forward even when things are ambiguous.&nbsp;</li>
<li>You’re customer-centric: You keep user experience at the forefront of everything you do. You can navigate between the worlds of experience and compliance, and you never sacrifice one for the other.</li>
<li>You’re a builder: You can create new processes and programs from scratch. If there is no map, you become the cartographer.&nbsp;</li>
<li>You’re collaborative: You can manage multiple stakeholders. You pull together the right people to deliver the optimal outcome. You get things done by working both with and through people. You don’t need to be someone’s direct manager to influence work.&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Basic Qualifications</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Minimum of 5 years experience working with and managing contingent workforce programs, vendor management, or related roles.</li>
<li>Exceptional leadership skills, a thorough understanding of contingent workforce operations, and a track record of driving successful outcomes.</li>
<li>Ability to manage multiple projects and deadlines in a fast-paced environment.</li>
<li>Experience consulting with internal stakeholders to gather requirements and implement recommendations.</li>
<li>Excellent communication and problem-solving skills</li>
</ul>
<p>#LI-Onsite</p>
<p>P24945\_3393711</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong><br>The Okta Experience</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><a href="http://rewards.okta.com">Supporting Your Well-Being</a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="https://www.okta.com/company/okta-for-good/">Driving Social Impact&nbsp;</a></li>
<li><a href="https://www.okta.com/company/talent-connection-community/">Developing Talent and Fostering Connection + Community</a></li>
</ul>
<p>We are intentional about connection. Our global community, spanning over 20 offices worldwide, is united by a drive to innovate. Your journey begins with an immersive, in-person onboarding experience designed to accelerate your impact and connect you to our mission and team from day one.<br><br>Okta is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, marital status, age, physical or mental disability, or status as a protected veteran. We also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and convictions records, consistent with applicable laws.<br><br>If reasonable accommodation is needed to complete any part of the job application, interview process, or onboarding please&nbsp;<a href="https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1EfiEYZrIyhA2X4Fijk0R3RKYOzNoS3wtvyM4nhbZnXE/edit">use this Form</a> to request an accommodation.<br><br>Notice for New York City Applicants &amp; Employees: Okta may use Automated Employment Decision Tools (AEDT), as defined by New York City Local Law 144, that use artificial intelligence, machine learning, or other automated processes to assist in our recruitment and hiring process. In accordance with NYC Local Law 144, if you are an applicant or employee residing in New York City, please&nbsp;<a href="https://talent.okta.com/new-york-city-aedt-notice.html">click here</a> to view our full NYC AEDT Notice.<br><br>Okta is committed to complying with applicable data privacy and security laws and regulations. For more information, please see our Personnel and Job Candidate Privacy Notice at&nbsp;<a href="https://www.okta.com/legal/personnel-policy/">https://www.okta.com/legal/personnel-policy/</a>.</p></div>