<h2><strong>About the opportunity</strong></h2>
<p>We are seeking a highly skilled and experienced IT Operations Specialist to join our dynamic Team. In this role, you will be responsible for the design, implementation, and maintenance of our MDMs, such as Google Workspace, Kandji and Intune, with a strong focus on security and automation.</p>
<p>You will be a key player in ensuring our employees have a secure and productive digital workspace, particularly in our MDM and BYOD environment. You will leverage your expertise in Google Apps Script, Bash and Powershell to automate workflows and enhance user experience, your advanced Kandji/Jamf knowledge to manage and secure our macOS devices, iOS devices and iPadOS devices.</p>
<h2><strong>In this role, you will:</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Google Workspace Administration: Manage and optimize our Google Workspace environment, including user provisioning, security policies, and application integrations.</li>
<li>BYOD Management: Being able to support, manage and improve our&nbsp; robust BYOD policies and procedures within Google Workspace, ensuring data security and compliance.</li>
<li>Automation research and development: Develop and maintain custom applications and scripts to automate workflows, integrate with third-party solutions, and enhance user productivity.</li>
<li>Apple MDM (Kandji) Management:&nbsp; Administer and configure Kandji to manage and secure macOS, iOS and iPadOS devices, including deployment, patching, and complying with the latest security policies.</li>
<li>Security and Compliance: Implement and maintain security best practices within Google Workspace, Kandji and Intune, ensuring compliance with relevant regulations and industry standards.</li>
<li>Troubleshooting and Support: Provide expert-level troubleshooting and support for MDM-Related Issues.</li>
<li>Documentation and Training: Develop and maintain comprehensive documentation and provide training to end-users and IT staff.</li>
<li>Collaboration: Work closely with other IT teams, including security, networking, and support, to ensure a cohesive and effective IT environment.</li>
<li>Staying Updated: Remain up-to-date with the latest Google Workspace, Kandji/Jamf, and Intune technologies and best practices.</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>What you need to be successful:</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>5+ years of experience as a Google Workspace Engineer or Sys Admin.</li>
<li>Expertise in BYOD management within Google Workspace, Kandji and Intune</li>
<li>Proficiency in script development (Google Apps Script, Bash, Powershell…).</li>
<li>Advanced knowledge of Kandji, Google Workspace and Intune, including configuration, deployment, and troubleshooting.</li>
<li>Solid understanding of security best practices and compliance requirements.</li>
<li>Excellent problem-solving and troubleshooting skills.</li>
<li>Strong communication and interpersonal skills.</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>What’s in it for you:</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Accelerate your career growth by joining one of Europe’s most talked about disruptors 🚀.</li>
<li>Employee benefits that range from a competitive personal development budget, work from home budget, discounts to fitness &amp; wellness memberships, language apps and public transportation.&nbsp;</li>
<li>As an N26 employee you will have access to a Premium subscription on your personal N26 bank account. As well as subscriptions for friends and family members.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;</li>
<li>Additional day of annual leave for each year of service.&nbsp;&nbsp;</li>
<li>A high degree of autonomy and access to cutting edge technologies - all while working with a friendly team of peers of diverse nationalities, experiences, and backgrounds.&nbsp;</li>
<li>A relocation package with visa support for those who need it.</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Who we are</strong></h2>
<p>N26 has reimagined banking for today’s digital world. Technology and design empower<a href="https://n26.com/en-eu/blog"> everything we do</a> and it’s how we are building the global banking platform the world loves to use.</p>
<p>We've eliminated physical branches, paperwork, and hidden fees for an elegant digital experience and supreme savings. Giving people the power to live and bank their way is what gets us out of bed in the morning and inspires the work that we do.&nbsp;</p>
<p>We are headquartered in Berlin with offices in multiple cities across Europe, including Vienna and Barcelona, and a 1,500-strong team of more than 80 nationalities.</p>
<p><strong>Sounds good? Apply now for this position.</strong></p>
<p>Do you see yourself thriving in this role? We’d love to see your application even if you don’t meet 100% of the criteria. You may just be the right fit for this or other roles!</p>
<p><strong>Equal opportunities for all</strong></p>
<p>At N26, we believe our strength lies in our people and the varied perspectives they bring. We strive to build diverse teams that drive innovation and business success. We actively seek talent from all backgrounds and welcome applications from all genders, cultures, sexual orientations, abilities, neurodiversities, and ages.</p>
<p>We are committed to providing an excellent and accessible candidate experience. If you require any accommodations to make this process work for you, please let us know. We’re here to support you!</p>
<p>Discover more about Diversity &amp; Inclusion at N26:<a href="https://n26.com/en-eu/diversity-and-inclusion"> https://n26.com/en-eu/diversity-and-inclusion</a></p>
<p><br><br></p>