<p><strong>This is Adyen</strong></p>
<p>Adyen provides payments, data, and financial products in a single solution for customers like Meta, Uber, H&amp;M, and Microsoft - making us the financial technology platform of choice. At Adyen, everything we do is engineered for ambition.&nbsp;</p>
<p>For our teams, we create an environment with opportunities for our people to succeed, backed by the culture and support to ensure they are enabled to truly own their careers. We are motivated individuals who tackle unique technical challenges at scale and solve them as a team. Together, we deliver innovative and ethical solutions that help businesses achieve their ambitions faster.</p>
<p><strong>KYC Associate&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>Adyen is looking for a KYC Associate to contribute to the growth and scaling of our customer base in APAC. In this role, you will review KYC documentation, assess potential risks, and perform the necessary due diligence to protect Adyen and our customers. You are expected to be very detail-oriented, have the ability to think critically, always think about scalability, all while maintaining a high level of integrity.&nbsp;</p>
<p>You will partner with stakeholders within Adyen as well as our customers, to ensure the best possible onboarding experience for all stakeholders.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>What you will do</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Perform KYC checks on (sub-)merchants, collect and verify relevant documentation and iterate on the process flow</li>
<li>Communicate directly with our merchants and be the first point of contact for every-onboarding related matter</li>
<li>Be an internal product advocate, track product processes and contribute to the platform feeding back feedback and issues you get from merchants</li>
<li>Be an internal advisor for onboarding related questions in the local office</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>&nbsp;Who you are</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>You have at least a year of work experience (including internships and extracurricular activities)</li>
<li>You have a great sense of responsibility and you take ownership for your work</li>
<li>You have a natural tendency to be curious and think outside of the box</li>
<li>You are a great communicator with a strong team spirit, not afraid to step out of your comfort zone</li>
<li>You have an analytical and critical mindset</li>
<li>You get a sense of achievement from solving operational problems and helping others</li>
<li>You have an interest in Onboarding/KYC/CDD and operational processes</li>
<li>You can speak and write English fluently</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Our Diversity, Equity and Inclusion commitments </strong>&nbsp;</p>
<p>Our unique approach is a product of our diverse perspectives. This diversity of backgrounds and cultures is essential in helping us maintain our momentum. Our business and technical challenges are unique, and we need as many different voices as possible to join us in solving them - voices like yours. No matter who you are or where you’re from, we welcome you to be your true self at Adyen.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Studies show that women and members of underrepresented communities apply for jobs only if they meet 100% of the qualifications. Does this sound like you? If so, Adyen encourages you to reconsider and apply. We look forward to your application.</p>
<p><strong>What’s next?</strong></p>
<p>Ensuring a smooth and enjoyable candidate experience is critical for us. We aim to get back to you regarding your application within 5 business days. Our interview process tends to take about 4 weeks to complete, but may fluctuate depending on the role.<a href="https://careers.adyen.com/how-we-hire"> </a>Don’t be afraid to let us know if you need more flexibility.</p>
<p>Please, note that this role is a full-time position in our Bangalore office.</p>