## Your mission

<p><strong>Who we are</strong></p><p>Established in 2010, Ultralytics boasts a global presence with over 100,000 organizations worldwide using Ultralytics YOLO. At Ultralytics, we commit to the relentless innovation in the AI space and seek team members who resonate with our ambition to democratize the power of AI and make it accessible and available to all. </p><p>Our vision is to create a future where every person, regardless of means or background, has equal access to transformative AI, enabling them to seize opportunities and shape their own path. Aware that our time is finite, we strive to make a lasting impact that benefits future generations.</p><p><strong>How we work</strong></p><p>At Ultralytics, we thrive on an exciting, fast-paced journey of innovation and excellence. Our high standards inspire a level of commitment that often extends beyond the typical workday, including occasional evenings and weekends. This role is designed for extraordinary individuals who are passionate about making an impact in a dynamic start up environment and ready to contribute their best to drive our ambitious vision forward. If you’re eager to push boundaries and be at the forefront of AI advancement, we’d love to connect with you.</p>

## Your profile

<p>A Senior Talent Acquisition Lead is a strategic HR professional with a hunting mindset who oversees and drives the recruitment process to attract, engage, and retain top-tier talent. This role blends leadership, strategic foresight, and hands-on recruiting expertise to align hiring initiatives with organizational goals.</p><p>Key responsibilities include:</p><p><strong>Strategic talent acquisition</strong>: develop and execute data-driven hiring strategies to attract top-tier talent across key roles and regions. Identify future hiring needs and build scalable, repeatable talent pipelines.</p><p><strong>Recruitment Operations &amp; Employer Branding</strong>: optimize recruitment processes, tools, and systems to ensure operational excellence. Lead employer branding efforts to elevate our presence across relevant channels and drive inbound interest.</p><p><strong>Hiring Enablement &amp; Manager Support</strong>: partner closely with hiring managers to define role requirements, refine interview frameworks, improve hiring team calibration, and ensure best-in-class candidate experience.</p><p><strong>Data-Driven Recruiting &amp; Reporting:</strong> leverage recruitment analytics to track and report on key hiring metrics such as time-to-hire, conversion rates, sourcing effectiveness, and pipeline health. Use insights to continuously improve strategy, optimize funnel performance, and influence hiring decisions with data-backed recommendations.</p>

## Why us?

<p><strong>Your profile</strong></p><ul><li>7+ years in talent acquisition, with at least 3 years in a senior or leadership role.</li><li>Proven track record of hiring top-tier talent in technical and non-technical functions.</li><li>Ability to work in a fast-paced, high-growth environment with agility and adaptability.</li><li>Passionate about employer branding and consistently delivering exceptional candidate experiences</li><li>Strong experience in full-cycle recruitment, from sourcing to closing.</li><li>Led a team of recruiters already, experience in working with agencies.</li><li>Skilled in employer storytelling; able to clearly convey Ultralytics' brand, message, and vision in AAA English.</li><li>(Plus) Proven experience recruiting in deep-tech, AI/ML, or software-driven industries.</li></ul><p><br></p><p><strong>Why join us</strong></p><em>Cutting-Edge-next generation AI computer vision technology:</em> contribute to building cutting edge computer vision AI models based on the YOLO framework.<br><em>Impactful Work</em>: Shape the future of AI-powered solutions that transform industries.<br><em>Collaborative Culture</em>: Join a talented and passionate team that values open communication and innovation.<p><br></p><p>Compensation and Benefits</p><ul><li>Competitive salary, depending on experience and location</li><li>Time Off: 24 days paid vacation, your birthday off, plus local holidays</li><li>Home set up Allowance ($550)</li><li>A MacBook Air as your work device</li><li>Flexible work environment with hybrid option</li><li>The candidate must be eligible to work as an independent contractor in their home country</li></ul>