<div class="content-intro"><p><strong>Secure Every Identity, from AI to Human<br><br></strong>Identity is the key to unlocking the potential of AI. Okta secures AI by building the trusted, neutral infrastructure that enables organizations to safely embrace this new era. This work requires a relentless drive to solve complex challenges with real-world stakes. We are looking for builders and owners who operate with speed and urgency and execute with excellence.<br><br>This is an opportunity to do career-defining work. We're all in on this mission. If you are too, let's talk.</p></div><p><strong>Location:</strong> We’re seeking dynamic and motivated individuals to join our team in one of our EMEA HQ, Dublin, Ireland. Our interns will be in-person. You will work in-person in the office Monday through Thursdays and can work remotely on Fridays.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>About the internship:</strong></p>
<p>The Customer Success Team at Okta ensures our customers achieve their business goals using our technology. We bridge the gap between Okta’s innovations and our customers’ priorities, driving long-term value and strategic alignment.</p>
<p>The Okta Customer Success Intern will be involved in all stages of the customer journey: onboarding, deployment, product adoption, and renewal. You will gain hands-on experience in how a Customer Success professional strategically partners with global brands to maximise their outcomes with Okta.</p>
<p><strong>You will gain experience in:</strong></p>
<p><strong>Business: </strong>Mapping the customer journey from initial setup to full adoption; learning Customer Success concepts like recurring revenue (ARR), ROI, and success planning.</p>
<p><strong>Technical: </strong>Building knowledge in Identity Access Management (IAM) and Zero Trust; the opportunity to earn your Okta Professional Certification; and applying AI to CS best practices.</p>
<p><strong>Functional: </strong>Developing presentation skills for executives; communicating technical concepts clearly; and collaborating with cross-functional teams.</p>
<p><strong>What You’ll Get Do:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Learn to communicate the business value of Okta’s products and solutions through presentations and storytelling.</li>
<li>Observe Customer Success Managers to understand onboarding plans, competitive landscapes, and IAM best practices.</li>
<li>Learn the Scale Customer Success motion and playbook.</li>
<li>Collaborate with teams like Sales, Engineering, Renewals, Marketing and Customer Advocacy to drive measurable business outcomes.&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Who we are Looking For</strong>:</p>
<ul>
<li><strong>Academic Journey:</strong> Currently pursuing a Bachelor’s or Master’s degree with a graduation date between December 2026 and Summer 2027.</li>
<li><strong>Problem Solvers:</strong> A proactive learner with a sharp eye for detail and the ability to solve complex problems through data and analysis.</li>
<li><strong>Communication:</strong> A strong communicator and storyteller, comfortable presenting ideas and research to diverse audiences.</li>
<li><strong>Project Management:</strong> Ability to manage multiple projects simultaneously, from performing market research to generating actionable reports.</li>
<li><strong>Tech Passion:</strong> A genuine interest in building a career within the SaaS/Cloud space, with a specific curiosity for how Identity secures the world’s leading brands.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Availability:</strong> Able to commit to a full-time 12-week internship (Summer 2026).</p>
<p><strong>Okta’s Intern Program</strong></p>
<p>As an intern at Okta, you’ll do <strong>real work that matters</strong>. From day one, you’ll own meaningful projects that directly contribute to our mission and get a front-row seat to how the world’s leading Identity company operates.</p>
<p>You won’t do it alone, you’ll have the dedicated support of a mentor and manager to help you navigate your project and master new skills. Beyond the work, you’ll join a vibrant community of fellow interns and Okta employees. You’ll have the chance to grow professionally through exclusive events like our Executive Speaker Series, technical "Brown Bag" sessions, and, of course, plenty of social events to ensure you’re having fun along the way.</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong><br>The Okta Experience</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><a href="http://rewards.okta.com">Supporting Your Well-Being</a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="https://www.okta.com/company/okta-for-good/">Driving Social Impact&nbsp;</a></li>
<li><a href="https://www.okta.com/company/talent-connection-community/">Developing Talent and Fostering Connection + Community</a></li>
</ul>
<p>We are intentional about connection. Our global community, spanning over 20 offices worldwide, is united by a drive to innovate. Your journey begins with an immersive, in-person onboarding experience designed to accelerate your impact and connect you to our mission and team from day one.<br><br>Okta is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, marital status, age, physical or mental disability, or status as a protected veteran. We also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and convictions records, consistent with applicable laws.<br><br>If reasonable accommodation is needed to complete any part of the job application, interview process, or onboarding please&nbsp;<a href="https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1EfiEYZrIyhA2X4Fijk0R3RKYOzNoS3wtvyM4nhbZnXE/edit">use this Form</a> to request an accommodation.<br><br>Notice for New York City Applicants &amp; Employees: Okta may use Automated Employment Decision Tools (AEDT), as defined by New York City Local Law 144, that use artificial intelligence, machine learning, or other automated processes to assist in our recruitment and hiring process. In accordance with NYC Local Law 144, if you are an applicant or employee residing in New York City, please&nbsp;<a href="https://talent.okta.com/new-york-city-aedt-notice.html">click here</a> to view our full NYC AEDT Notice.<br><br>Okta is committed to complying with applicable data privacy and security laws and regulations. For more information, please see our Personnel and Job Candidate Privacy Notice at&nbsp;<a href="https://www.okta.com/legal/personnel-policy/">https://www.okta.com/legal/personnel-policy/</a>.</p></div>