<div class="content-intro"><p><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif; font-size: 12pt;">Airbnb was born in 2007 when two hosts welcomed three guests to their San Francisco home, and has since grown to over 5 million hosts who have welcomed over 2 billion guest arrivals in almost every country across the globe. Every day, hosts offer unique stays and experiences that make it possible for guests to connect with communities in a more authentic way.</span></p></div><p><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; color: #000000;"><strong>The Community You Will Join:&nbsp;</strong></span></p>
<p>The Homes team is responsible for growing Airbnb’s destination business and growing the supply ensuring we maintain a competitive portfolio of Accommodation listings that meet guest expectations for value, variety, and experience. The team also supports hosts globally by enabling efficient planning and execution of growth strategies that align with Airbnb’s mission and resonate with local communities.</p>
<p><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; color: #000000;"><strong>The Difference You Will Make:</strong></span></p>
<p>In this role, you will report to the Asia Pacific Head of Homes and shape the growth and performance of Airbnb’s Homes business in Taiwan, Hong Kong, Singapore. Leading a&nbsp; team of high caliber Market Managers across the region, You’ll drive strategies that expand high-quality supply, strengthen host success across every segment, and enhance the guest experience. You will also be the APAC liaison with the Hotel global team to help define and deploy the global hotel strategy in APAC. You’ll ensure Airbnb continues to deliver exceptional value to both guests and hosts in every market.</p>
<p><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; color: #000000;"><strong>A Typical Day: </strong></span></p>
<ul>
<li>Lead and inspire a team of Account Managers to grow Airbnb’s Accommodation business across Taiwan, Hong Kong, Singapore , expanding partnerships with hosts of all types and driving exceptional business and guest outcomes.</li>
<li>Be APAC liaison with Global Hotels team and help penetrate global roadmap across APAC markets</li>
<li>Build Destination Markets strategies to grow the destination business directing teams to tailor their approach based on market maturity and host segmentation.</li>
<li>Design and execute acquisition strategies to bring new, high-quality supply to Airbnb by developing innovative programs, pilots, and local initiatives to reach untapped segments and markets.</li>
<li>Experiment boldly to unlock new sources of supply - measure results, refine quickly, and turn proven strategies into playbooks that fuel Airbnb’s growth across Taiwan, Hong Kong, Singapore&nbsp;</li>
<li>Collaborate cross-functionally with Global Markets, Marketing, RevOps, Policy, and Product to launch initiatives that improve host performance and accelerate destination growth</li>
<li>Monitor and own business performance, ensuring markets meet revenue, supply, and quality KPIs while delivering sustainable results that support Airbnb’s broader goals.</li>
<li>Identify market trends and opportunities, providing solutions to overcome barriers and capitalize on emerging demand or regulatory shifts.</li>
<li>Coach and develop talent, building a high-performing team culture that values experimentation, accountability, and continuous growth.</li>
</ul>
<p><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; color: #000000;"><strong>Your Expertise:</strong></span></p>
<ul>
<li>8+ years of experience, in Commercial roles, Strategy, global operations, business development or marketplace management.&nbsp;
<ul>
<li>Experience in Travel Tech especially Hotels</li>
<li>At least 3+ years in a people-leadership role managing and scaling teams.</li>
<li>Expertise and strong understanding in at least one of the three markets</li>
<li>Experience in Management Consulting is a plus</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Analytical and strategic thinker who uses data and insights to uncover opportunities, shape portfolio strategies, and guide decisions across diverse and evolving markets.</li>
<li>A combination of operational and commercial skills that will allow you to acquire supply across multiple channels.</li>
<li>A bold, compassionate, and action-oriented leader with a <em>strong bias for action</em> and a proven ability to develop, coach, and empower high-performing teams.</li>
<li>Proven ability to influence product, policy, and cross-functional teams to unlock new revenue streams and improve host and market performance.</li>
<li>Skilled at leveraging tools, dashboards, and analytics to assess performance, identify trends, and drive accountability.</li>
<li>Demonstrated success in achieving strong results through others, including effective performance management and development of emerging leaders.</li>
<li>Known for creating a positive, driven, and inclusive team culture grounded in collaboration, transparency, and continuous improvement.</li>
<li>Recognized as a go-to leader who provides clear direction, constructive feedback, and hands-on business coaching to drive both results and professional growth.</li>
<li>Highly organized and adept at leading multiple initiatives simultaneously, turning strategy into action and results.</li>
<li>Previous experience growing supply and building partnerships is highly valued.</li>
</ul>
<p><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; color: #000000;"><strong>Our Commitment To Inclusion &amp; Belonging:</strong></span></p>
<p><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; color: #000000;">Airbnb is committed to working with the broadest talent pool possible. We believe diverse ideas foster innovation and engagement, and allow us to attract creatively-led people, and to develop the best products, services and solutions. All qualified individuals are encouraged to apply.</span></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>