## 1KOMMA5°

At <strong>1KOMMA5°</strong>, we pursue a clear vision: <strong>Living on wind and sunlight forever for free</strong>. To make this a reality, we are building the energy system of the future with Heartbeat AI. Want to be part of it?We bring together regional craftsmanship and scalable software: We don't think of solar, batteries, heat pumps, and e-mobility as isolated components, but control them as an intelligent, integrated overall system in our virtual power plant. Directly connected to the electricity market – in real time, fully automated. This way, energy is used when it is available from renewables and particularly cost-effective. By 2030, our goal is to transition 1.5 million households to renewable energies. Over 3,000 people are working towards this every day, at more than 80 locations worldwide, from Finland to Australia.<br><br><strong>Want to take responsibility and build solutions that truly matter? Apply now and help us shape the energy world of tomorrow.</strong><br><br>Learn <a href="https://1komma5.com/de/ueber-uns/jobs/tech/">more</a> about our Product &amp; Tech team!

## Deine Position

As the Head of Corporate IT, your strategic leadership will guide a global function, specifically overseeing the Tech Business Partnering program across all 1KOMMA5 markets and hubs. A key contribution will be ensuring that the Tech Business Partners are deeply integrated into market operations, serving as essential, strategic technology counterparts to local leadership and stakeholders.<br>You will also be the central point of contact for inquiries regarding the AI enablement of the entire employee base. Ultimately, you are responsible for defining and executing the vision and strategy for all end-user-focused technology services, directly influencing the productivity and technological maturity of every 1KOMMA5 employee worldwide.<br><br><h3><span style="font-family:Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;font-size:14px;">Day-to-day tasks of this role</span></h3>As the Head of Corp IT, your day to day will vary. However, usually contains the following:<br><strong>Team Leadership:</strong> Ensuring all Tech Business Partners reporting to you, have what they need to be successful, so in turn they can make their customers (employees) successful.  This includes the user people leadership responsibilities such as 1:1s and Development Plans.<br><strong>Handling of Non-Technical Escalations</strong>: The escalation point for Tech Business Partners, providing higher-level technical discussions and persuasion of central team objectives.<br><strong>Ensuring Team Delivery:</strong> Align on quarterly OKRs and KPI targets for each member of the team, and for the overall function you are leading.  This includes Tech Partners delivery of Consulting and Enablement, Support and Project Delivery objectives. This includes KPI directly related to wide-spread education and adoption of AI tooling.<br><strong>Auditing Data Points to plan next actions:</strong> Monitoring feedback from end-users to understand where future opportunities lie, and ensure those insights make the planning process.  For example: if a market is struggling to adopt AI tooling, this would prompt project efforts to support and improve their NPS score in this area.

## Dein Profil

<ul><li><strong>10+ years</strong> of progressive professional experience in IT leadership, systems engineering, or a related field, with a significant track record in managing a global or multi-national IT function.</li><li><strong>5+ years</strong> in a senior leadership role, responsible for executing strategic direction and managing a team of technical professionals (experience managing an IT Operational team is essential).</li><li>Demonstrated expertise in establishing and governing IT support best practices, analysing service delivery metrics (SLAs, KPI targets) at a senior level, and driving continuous service improvement across a multi-market org..</li><li>Proven ability to define and lead complex, cross-functional global technology projects from inception to completion, demonstrating strong governance and risk management.</li><li>Expertise in the SaaS application ecosystem for employee productivity, collaboration, and enterprise security, including strategic knowledge of tools like Google Workspace and its AI counterpart, Gemini, AI Studio, NotebookLM and Workspace studio.</li><li>Exceptional executive-level communication, negotiation, and persuasion skills, with a proven ability to define and sell complex technical strategies to non-technical executive stakeholders.</li><li>Expertise in leveraging <strong>Design Thinking</strong> and <strong>Service Design</strong> methodologies to architect user-centric global technology services and solutions.</li><li>Ability to thrive and lead teams in a fast-paced, agile, and rapidly scaling international environment, while instilling a strong focus on security and governance (enabled with guardrails).</li><li>Willingness to travel and manage a global team that spans time zones, requiring flexibility and occasional late working hours to align with European and other global teams.</li><li>Fluent English written and verbal communication is mandatory; proficiency in other major market languages is an asset. Working proficiency in German.</li></ul>

## Benefits

<ul><li>You are part of an international, dynamic, and highly motivated team of people who have proven to make things happen</li><li>With your work, you accelerate the "energy transition" and hence have a direct impact on our climate</li><li>Work with and learn from other super-smart colleagues</li><li>You will enjoy direct contact with core decision-makers</li><li>You will enjoy the best chances of entering full-time in one of Europe’s most thriving scaleups</li><li>You work remotely (Germany-wide), with offices in Hamburg, Berlin or Munich</li><li>Create a healthy balance alongside your work and enjoy all the benefits of the EGYM Wellpass</li><li>Benefits and discounts are yours with Futurebens</li><li>Whether city bike or e-bike - be flexible with our job bike leasing and do something good for the environment at the same time</li></ul>