<div class="content-intro"><p><strong data-stringify-type="bold">Why work at Nebius<br></strong>Nebius is leading a new era in cloud computing to serve the global AI economy. We create the tools and resources our customers need to solve real-world challenges and transform industries, without massive infrastructure costs or the need to build large in-house AI/ML teams. Our employees work at the cutting edge of AI cloud infrastructure alongside some of the most experienced and innovative leaders and engineers in the field.</p>
<p><strong>Where we work<br></strong>Headquartered in Amsterdam and listed on Nasdaq, Nebius has a global footprint with R&amp;D hubs across Europe, North America, and Israel. The team of over 1400 employees includes more than 400 highly skilled engineers with deep expertise across hardware and software engineering, as well as an in-house AI R&amp;D team.</p></div><div class="p-rich\_text\_section">
<p data-start="322" data-end="378"><strong data-start="322" data-end="335">Location:</strong> Tel Aviv, Israel (Hybrid).</p>
<p data-start="380" data-end="543">We are seeking a <strong data-start="397" data-end="429">experienced Recruiter</strong>&nbsp;with a proven track record in&nbsp;<strong data-start="460" data-end="482">Data Center or Industrial hiring</strong> to join our growing Data Center Talent Acquisition team at&nbsp;<strong data-start="530" data-end="540">Nebius</strong>.</p>
</div>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section">
<h3 data-start="780" data-end="798"><strong data-start="784" data-end="796">The Role</strong></h3>
<p data-start="800" data-end="1038">As a Data Center Recruiter, you’ll play a pivotal role in scaling our Data Center operations globally. You’ll partner closely with hiring managers and key stakeholders to deliver exceptional talent across multiple technical disciplines.</p>
<h4 data-start="1040" data-end="1069"><strong data-start="1045" data-end="1069">Key Responsibilities</strong></h4>
<ul>
<li data-start="1072" data-end="1324">Manage&nbsp;<strong data-start="1079" data-end="1105">end-to-end recruitment</strong>&nbsp;<strong>processes</strong>&nbsp;for Data Center functions, including (but not limited to): Field Network Engineers, IT Technicians, GPU and Hardware Specialists, Logistics, Purchasing, Electrical, and Mechanical Engineers.</li>
<li data-start="1072" data-end="1324">Drive&nbsp;<strong data-start="1333" data-end="1357">high-volume sourcing</strong>&nbsp;and maintain robust pipelines for current and future hiring needs.</li>
<li data-start="1429" data-end="1555">Build strong relationships with stakeholders across technical and operational functions, acting as a trusted Talent Partner.</li>
<li data-start="1429" data-end="1555">Leverage&nbsp;<strong data-start="1567" data-end="1615">market intelligence and data-driven insights</strong>&nbsp;to anticipate and fulfil future talent requirements.</li>
<li data-start="1673" data-end="1761">Champion an exceptional&nbsp;<strong data-start="1697" data-end="1721">candidate experience</strong>&nbsp;from application through offer stage.</li>
<li data-start="1764" data-end="1849">Conduct effective screening calls to assess technical and behavioural competencies.</li>
<li data-start="1764" data-end="1849">Write and optimise engaging&nbsp;<strong data-start="1880" data-end="1896">job postings</strong>&nbsp;aligned to Nebius’ tone of voice and role-specific requirements.</li>
<li data-start="1764" data-end="1849">Use&nbsp;the ATS to manage pipelines, track progress, and ensure data accuracy.</li>
<li data-start="1764" data-end="1849">Support and uphold Nebius’ commitment to&nbsp;<strong data-start="2097" data-end="2133">diversity, equity, and inclusion</strong>&nbsp;through fair and inclusive hiring practice.</li>
</ul>
<h3 data-start="2187" data-end="2226"><strong data-start="2191" data-end="2226">Key Qualifications &amp; Experience</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li data-start="2289" data-end="2430"><strong data-start="2289" data-end="2301">3+ years</strong>&nbsp;of full-cycle recruiting experience in&nbsp;<strong data-start="2341" data-end="2419">Data Center, IT Infrastructure, Telecommunications, Network Engineering, or Technical Industrial </strong>domains.</li>
<li data-start="2433" data-end="2483">Demonstrable success recruiting across&nbsp;<strong data-start="2472" data-end="2480">EMEA</strong>.</li>
<li data-start="2486" data-end="2606">Strong stakeholder management and influencing skills, with the ability to engage senior leaders and technical experts.</li>
<li data-start="2609" data-end="2698">Comfortable discussing&nbsp;<strong data-start="2632" data-end="2652">technical topics</strong>&nbsp;and understanding Data Center environments.</li>
<li data-start="2701" data-end="2769">Excellent interpersonal, written, and verbal communication skills.</li>
<li data-start="2772" data-end="2823">Proficiency with&nbsp;<strong data-start="2789" data-end="2807">Greenhouse ATS</strong>&nbsp;(or similar).</li>
<li data-start="2772" data-end="2823">Fluency in Hebrew and English.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
</div><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>What we offer</strong>&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>Competitive salary and comprehensive benefits package.</li>
<li>Opportunities for professional growth within Nebius.</li>
<li>Flexible working arrangements.</li>
<li>A dynamic and collaborative work environment that values initiative and innovation.</li>
</ul>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">We’re growing and expanding our products every day. If you’re up to the challenge and are excited about AI and ML as much as we are, join us!</span></p></div>