<p><strong>About Stripe</strong></p>
<p>Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies—from the world’s largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyone’s reach while doing the most important work of your career.</p>
<p><strong>About the team</strong></p>
<p>As Stripe’s user base and global footprint grows dramatically, we have distinctly unique support problems resulting from both our type of scale and the type of businesses we partner with. The Stripe Delivery Center (SDC) strategy will provide operational leverage and expand Stripe’s portfolio of operational capabilities to support the scaled needs for external users and internal Stripe teams.</p>
<p><strong>What you’ll do</strong>&nbsp;</p>
<p>Stripe is launching Stripe Delivery Centers - a new global team to design, implement and grow Stripe’s operations for the next decade. We are looking for dynamic and curious people that have a passion for solving global user issues, building operations, driving process improvements and that want to play a front-line role in building this new operational capability for Stripe and accelerating Stripe’s growth.</p>
<p>In this role, you will recruit, manage, and develop a group of Operations Associates that focus on Anti-Money Laundering (AML) investigations. This team ensures that our platform remains safe, that prohibited parties are not allowed to utilize our services, and that we identify bad actors engaging in financial crimes and mitigate risks. The Operations Manager, AML will cultivate the engagement of their team members while guiding them to be the best they can be, through feedback, coaching, mentoring, and advocacy within the organization. This means helping to set team goals, and using metrics to efficiently measure and guide team performance in pursuit of those goals. To be a fit, you will have a strong operations mindset, possess a deep expertise in financial crimes investigations and research techniques, be able to move quickly, and be passionate about delivering an incredible user experience.</p>
<p><strong>Responsibilities</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Recruit, manage, coach, and develop a team of in-office Financial Crimes Operations Associates</li>
<li>Guide your team in completing AML investigations, reviews and identifying money laundering, terrorism financing, and/ or sanction risks&nbsp;</li>
<li>Drive strong operational delivery and process improvement helping to mitigate financial crimes risk while balancing operational efficiency and user impact</li>
<li>Build a great culture and ensure team members are happy, effective, and growing in their career</li>
<li>Set clear goals and direction, and provide regular feedback on team members’ performance</li>
<li>Be data-driven in your analysis of performance, and in your decision making</li>
<li>Transmit and foster our values, serving as a beacon of Stripe’s user-centric philosophy and culture of transparency, empathy, inclusion, and empowerment</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Who you are</strong></p>
<p>We’re looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.</p>
<p><strong>Minimum requirements</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>At least 8+ years of direct people management experience</li>
<li>Experience with payments, risk, compliance, and/or financial services industry operations</li>
<li>Expertise in AML regulations and best practices</li>
<li>Excellent written and verbal communication skills in English</li>
<li>An ability to partner effectively with internal globally distributed stakeholders</li>
<li>Strong operational background including new process launches and service delivery</li>
<li>Passion for process improvement and innovation</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Preferred Qualifications</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>
<ul>
<li>Knowledge of financial crime regulatory frameworks, inclusive of BSA Patriot Act, OFAC, and EU Anti-Money Laundering Directives</li>
<li>Familiarity with the financial crime technology stack (including watchlist management systems, case management tooling, transaction monitoring and screening)&nbsp;&nbsp;</li>
<li>Experience in building and scaling new teams from zero&nbsp;</li>
<li>Experience operating in a high growth technology company</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>