<p><strong>Role OVO-View</strong></p>
<p><strong>Team:</strong> OneCare - Customer Resolution</p>
<p><strong>Location:</strong><strong><em> </em></strong>Glasgow or Bristol&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Salary banding:</strong> &nbsp;£28,380 rising to £29,980 (increase is usually with 6-9 months)&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Experience:</strong> Complaint experience is preferable</p>
<p><strong>Working pattern:</strong><strong> </strong>Full-Time</p>
<p><strong>Reporting to:&nbsp;</strong>Customer Resolutions Squad Lead</p>
<p><strong>Sponsorship:</strong> Unfortunately we are unable to offer sponsorship for this role.</p>
<p><strong>This role in 3 words:</strong> Ownership. Decision-maker, Communicator</p>
<p><strong>Top 3 qualities for this role:</strong> Resilience, Organisation, Empathetic</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Where you’ll work:</strong></p>
<p>Depending on the needs of your business area, we expect hub based people to be in the office at least once a week, and to go to OVO Connection events in-person.&nbsp;</p>
<p>You’ll be assigned to the closest one of&nbsp; hub offices Bristol or Glasgow. You will be required into the office 2 days a week during training and once every 2 weeks after training.&nbsp;</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Everyone belongs at OVO:</strong></p>
<p>At OVO, we are on a mission to solve one of humanity's biggest challenges, the climate crisis. And we know it takes all of us to change the world. That's why we need diverse people from all abilities, gender identities, ethnicities, ages, sexual orientations, life experiences and backgrounds to join us.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Teamworking for the planet:</strong></p>
<p>Everything we do here spins around <a href="https://company.ovo.com/planzero/">Plan Zero.</a> So, naturally, the team you’ll be joining plays a gigantic role in making that happen. Here’s how:</p>
<p>You’ll be working in the Care-Customer Resolution Squad dealing with escalated complaints,&nbsp; as part of the wider OneCare team at OVO Energy where our key focus is to place the customer at the heart of everything we do. You’ll be an integral part of delivering an award winning service we can be proud of, by fixing any problems in order to provide a resolution to our customers.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>This role in a nutshell:</strong></p>
<p>As a Customer Resolution Specialist, your role will involve investigating and responding to customer complaints by identifying root causes and managing the customer’s expectations through to resolution. You’ll be responsible for rebuilding a customer’s trust in OVO again, by using your in-depth knowledge to correct any issues for our customers.</p>
<p>Our customers are at the heart of everything we do. We’re looking for people who are able to build a good rapport with customers and colleagues and are willing to go above and beyond to keep our customers happy. You’ll also be confident in working within a regulated environment and providing feedback to senior management, particularly on anything blocking the resolution of a complaint.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Your key outcomes will be:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Providing a tailored service to each customer either over the phone, through email or via letter</li>
<li>Using your expertise to provide a resolution for our customers</li>
<li>Ensuring that complaint cases follow OVO’s processes and procedures</li>
<li>Working towards targets focussing on resolving customer complaints swiftly whilst protecting OVO’s brand</li>
<li>Flagging any potential issues to management or departments inside OVO</li>
<li>Managing and prioritising your own workload to ensure that we deliver excellence in resolution consistently</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>You’ll be a successful </strong><strong>Customer Resolution Specialist here</strong><strong> at OVO if you…</strong></p>
<p>Working within a complaints department can sometimes be challenging and extremely rewarding, you must be able to have a calm, balanced and solution focused approach to all situations.</p>
<p>You’ll be able to understand both customer and business needs and utilise this knowledge to provide the best resolution to a customer’s complaint.</p>
<p>It’s important that you have outstanding organisational skills and have the ability to manage and prioritise your own workload.</p>
<p>Most importantly, you’ll share the qualities that have driven our success so far: firstly, you're a people person and a great teammate. You’ll be adaptable and a clear communicator, able to tailor your approach dependent on each individual customer. You show a passion for customer service and getting it right for our customers – be the good guy. Throw in lots of initiative, enthusiasm and a positive, solutions oriented approach and there’s a good chance you’ll thrive within the complaints department...</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Let’s talk about what’s in it for you:</strong></p>
<p>We’ll pay you £28,380 rising to £29,980 (increase is usually with 6-9 months).You’ll also be eligible to qualify for a monthly incentive which is based on the customer outcomes you and your squad deliver.&nbsp;</p>
<p>We also offer plenty of green benefits and progressive policies to help you feel like you belong at OVO…and there’s flex pay. We'll give you 9% Flex Pay on top of your salary – 4% of this is auto enrolled into your pension, and the remaining 5% is yours to do what you like with. You can use this to buy from our extensive range of flexible benefits, including our green benefits which we've put at the heart of our offering, add to your pension or even take it as cash.</p>
<p>Here’s a taster of what’s on offer:&nbsp;</p>
<p>For starters, you’ll get 34 days of holiday (including bank holidays). <br><br><strong>For your health</strong><strong><br></strong>With benefits like a healthcare cash plan or private medical insurance depending on your career level, critical illness cover, life assurance, health assessments, and more<br><strong><br></strong><strong>For your wellbeing</strong><strong><br></strong>With gym membership, travel insurance, workplace ISA, will writing services, dental insurance, and more <strong><br></strong><strong><br></strong><strong>For your lifestyle </strong><strong><br></strong>With extra holiday buying, discount dining, home &amp; tech loans, and supporting your favourite charities with give-as-you-earn donations<br><br><strong>For your home&nbsp; </strong><strong><br></strong>Get up to £400 towards any OVO Energy plan, plus great discounts on solar, smart thermostats and EV chargers<br><strong><br></strong><strong>For your commute </strong><strong><br></strong>Nab a great deal on ultra-low emission car leasing<strong>, </strong>plus our cycle to work scheme and public transport season ticket loans <br><br>Want to hear about our full range of flexible benefits and progressive people policies? Our People Team can tell you everything you need to know.</p>
<p><strong>For your Belonging</strong></p>
<p>To find better ways to support our people, we need to listen to each other’s experiences and find ways to build a truly inclusive and diverse workplace. As part of this, we have 8 Belonging Networks at OVO. Led by our people, for our people - so when you join OVO, you can play a part - big or small - with any of the Networks. It's up to you.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Oh, and one last thing...</strong></p>
<p>We’d be thrilled if you tick off all our boxes, yet we also believe it’s just as important we tick off all of yours. And if you think you have most of what we’re looking for but not every single thing, go ahead and hit <strong>apply</strong>. We’d still love to hear from you!</p>
<p>If you have any additional requirements, there’s a space to let us know on the application form; we want to make the process as easy and comfortable for you as possible.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>