<p><strong><br>About Stripe</strong></p>
<p>Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies—from the world’s largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyone’s reach while doing the most important work of your career.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>About The Team</strong></p>
<p>The payments landscape is changing rapidly and our team is at the forefront of this change. Depending on where you live, you may be used to paying with a credit card (United States), iDeal (Netherlands) or UPI (India), amongst hundreds of other global payment methods. It turns out how you pay is increasingly dependent on where you are and what business you're buying from. The Local Payment Methods team is responsible for Stripe's fastest growing payments business. We build the payment methods that help businesses drastically increase their revenues and grow their business. Undergirding all of this we also build the platform that allows us to build and distribute payment methods at scale</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>What you’ll do</strong></p>
<p>Engineering Managers at Stripe are responsible for the success of their team. You’ll be deeply involved in the engineering and design processes as well as coaching, mentoring, and leading the team. You’ll have a deep understanding of how to drive efficient engineering teams and you’ll have a strong user-focus. You’ll be working with engineers on creating technical solutions and communicating effectively across teams and senior leadership.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Responsibilities</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Enable the team to work with a wide range of systems, processes, and technologies to own and solve problems from end-to-end.</li>
<li>Support the engineering team in building experiences for businesses that range from high growth startups to leading global companies providing them with the tools so they can run their business and not worry about tax.</li>
<li>Collaborate with stakeholders across the organisation such as product, design, infrastructure, marketing and operations.</li>
<li>Lead and manage processes to help the team do its best work and engage effectively with the rest of Stripe.</li>
<li>Recruit great engineers, in collaboration with Stripe’s recruiting team</li>
<li>Develop engineers on the team, helping them advance in their careers</li>
<li>Contribute to engineering-wide initiatives as a member of Stripe’s engineering management team.<br><br><br></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Who you are</strong></p>
<p>We’re looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Minimum Requirements</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>At least 5 years of experience managing teams that shipped high-quality products.</li>
<li>An entrepreneurial mindset</li>
<li>Successfully recruited and built great teams.</li>
<li>Works effectively cross-functionally and is able to think rigorously, communicate effectively, and make or coordinate hard decisions and trade-offs.</li>
<li>Thrives with a high degree of autonomy and responsibility in an ambiguous environment.</li>
<li>Technical acumen to drive clarity with staff engineers about architecture and technical strategic decisions.</li>
<li>Encourage a healthy and inclusive work environment that’s both challenging and supportive.<br><br><br></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Preferred Qualifications</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Have experience with financial product companies and interest in financial products and markets.</li>
<li>Strong written and verbal communication skills for different audiences (leadership, users, company-wide).</li>
<li>Strong quantitative and analytical background.</li>
<li>Productively lead fully remote teams.<br><br><br></li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>