<div class="content-intro"><p><strong data-stringify-type="bold">Why work at Nebius<br></strong>Nebius is leading a new era in cloud computing to serve the global AI economy. We create the tools and resources our customers need to solve real-world challenges and transform industries, without massive infrastructure costs or the need to build large in-house AI/ML teams. Our employees work at the cutting edge of AI cloud infrastructure alongside some of the most experienced and innovative leaders and engineers in the field.</p>
<p><strong>Where we work<br></strong>Headquartered in Amsterdam and listed on Nasdaq, Nebius has a global footprint with R&amp;D hubs across Europe, North America, and Israel. The team of over 1400 employees includes more than 400 highly skilled engineers with deep expertise across hardware and software engineering, as well as an in-house AI R&amp;D team.</p></div><h3><strong><span data-contrast="auto">The role</span></strong><span data-ccp-props="{}">&nbsp;</span></h3>
<p>We are looking for a dynamic<strong data-stringify-type="bold">&nbsp;Supply Chain Manager</strong> to join our growing team in Amsterdam, The Netherlands. If you possess strong analytical and organizational skills, easy-going and keen for developing in an IT company we invite you to apply for this exciting opportunity.</p>
<p><span data-ccp-props="{&quot;335559685&quot;:720,&quot;335559991&quot;:360}">You’re welcome to work in our office in <strong>Amsterdam.&nbsp;</strong></span></p>
<p><strong><span data-ccp-props="{&quot;335559685&quot;:720,&quot;335559991&quot;:360}"><span class="TextRun MacChromeBold SCXW95146830 BCX0" lang="EN-US" data-contrast="auto"><span class="NormalTextRun SCXW95146830 BCX0" data-ccp-charstyle="Strong">Your responsibilities will include:</span></span><span class="EOP SCXW95146830 BCX0" data-ccp-props="{&quot;134233117&quot;:true,&quot;134233118&quot;:true}">&nbsp;</span></span></strong></p>
<ul>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">Processing local purchases: the whole circle starting from receiving the task with description and lead time to receiving the goods at the location (Europe).</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">Managing existing suppliers and extend the local suppliers database.</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">Driving cross-functional collaboration: several teams are involved into the process (IT/engineer, purchase, finance, logistics).</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">Creating dashboards and report on existing tasks to ensure all tasks are done in a timely manner within the deadline.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong><span data-contrast="auto"><span data-ccp-charstyle="Strong">We expect you to have:</span></span><span data-ccp-props="{&quot;134233117&quot;:true,&quot;134233118&quot;:true}">&nbsp;</span></strong></p>
<ul>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">Experience in IT purchases or a related role with existing IT hardware suppliers network.</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">Working proficiency in English.</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">Strong analytical and problem-solving skills with a data-driven mindset.</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">Good skills of time management, prioritizing tasks and meeting deadlines.</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">Good communication skills.</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">Advanced experience with Outlook and MS Office.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong><span data-contrast="auto"><span data-ccp-charstyle="Strong">It will be </span><span data-ccp-charstyle="Strong">an added bonus</span><span data-ccp-charstyle="Strong"> if you have:</span></span><span data-ccp-props="{&quot;134233117&quot;:true,&quot;134233118&quot;:true}">&nbsp;</span></strong></p>
<ul>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">Understanding of Netsuite.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong data-stringify-type="bold">Why it matters:</strong><br>This is a rare opportunity to step in at a formative moment — to shape the systems and processes that will define how we scale. It’s a high-impact role, visible across the company, and essential to our success.</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>What we offer</strong>&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>Competitive salary and comprehensive benefits package.</li>
<li>Opportunities for professional growth within Nebius.</li>
<li>Flexible working arrangements.</li>
<li>A dynamic and collaborative work environment that values initiative and innovation.</li>
</ul>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">We’re growing and expanding our products every day. If you’re up to the challenge and are excited about AI and ML as much as we are, join us!</span></p></div>