<div class="content-intro"><p><strong>Who we are&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>At Twilio, we’re shaping the future of communications, all from the comfort of our homes. We deliver innovative solutions to<a class="c-link" href="https://customers.twilio.com/" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://customers.twilio.com/" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">&nbsp;hundreds of thousands of businesses&nbsp;</a>and empower millions of developers worldwide to craft personalized customer experiences.</p>
<p>Our dedication to <a class="c-link" href="https://www.twilio.com/en-us/blog/open-work" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://www.twilio.com/en-us/blog/open-work" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">remote-first work</a>, and strong culture of connection and global inclusion means that no matter your location, you’re part of a vibrant team with diverse experiences making a global impact each day. As we continue to revolutionize how the world interacts, we’re acquiring new skills and experiences that make work feel truly rewarding. Your career at Twilio is in your hands.<br><br>We use Artificial Intelligence (AI) to help make our hiring process efficient. That said, every hiring decision is made by real Twilions!</p>
<p><span style="color: rgb(255, 255, 255);">.</span></p></div><p><strong>See yourself at Twilio</strong></p>
<p>Join the team as our next<strong> Technical Support Engineer 2 (Email Infra) - EMEA.</strong></p>
<p><strong>About the job</strong></p>
<p>This position is needed to support our customers’ use of the Twilio platform, and help customers get the best experience from Twilio’s products. You will function as the voice of Twilio to our customers and partners, and operate as a subject matter expert for Twilio’s APIs and SDKs.</p>
<p>This role reports to a Manager, Technical Support and will be based in our India office. This position requires working in a shift. The current shift timings for shift based roles supporting our <span style="text-decoration: underline;">EMEA</span> customers is <strong>12pm-9pm</strong> or <strong>1pm-10pm IST</strong>.&nbsp;</p>
<p>This position also includes rostering. Rosters will be of a <span style="text-decoration: underline;">5 day</span> work week, and could include one or both weekend days. (<strong>Mon-Fri</strong>, <strong>Tue-Sat</strong> or <strong>Sun-Thu</strong>).</p>
<p><strong>Responsibilities</strong></p>
<p>In this role, you’ll:</p>
<ul>
<li>Use your strong technical and diplomatic skills to address customer issues and provide customer feedback to Twilio’s Product and Engineering teams.</li>
<li>Be ready to assist our customers when they need us. This position may require working an irregular shift, including the weekend (Shifts are subject to change based on evolving team and customer needs).</li>
<li>Work with our customers' and partners' developers, architects, and support personnel to resolve complex problems with potentially very costly and far-reaching consequences.</li>
<li>Collaborate with your teammates and the Twilio Product and Engineering teams via Slack as well as filing JIRAs to report reproducible bugs.</li>
<li>Review and contribute to internal knowledge bases and external technical resources to stay current on industry shifts and standards.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Qualifications&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>Twilio values diverse experiences from all kinds of industries, and we encourage everyone who meets the required qualifications to apply. If your career is just starting or hasn't followed a traditional path, don't let that stop you from considering Twilio. We are always looking for people who will bring something new to the table!</p>
<p><strong>\*Required:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>3+ years experience, with deep understanding of <strong>Email infrastructure</strong> such as <em>Mail User Agent </em>(<span style="text-decoration: underline;">MUA</span>) &amp; <em>Message Transfer Agent</em> (<span style="text-decoration: underline;">MTA</span>)</li>
<li>Good understanding of protocols - <strong>Encryption-based Internet Security Protocol</strong> such as <em>SSL</em>, <em>TLS &amp;</em>&nbsp;<strong>Communication Protocol</strong> such as <em>SMTP</em>.
<ul>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Bonus</span>: Knowledge on <strong>Email protocols</strong> such as <em>POP3</em> and <em>IMAP</em> and <strong>Client-Server protocol</strong> such as <em>Telnet</em> would be a HUGE plus.</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Skills in troubleshooting network connectivity issues, with an understanding of TCP/UDP, and basics of SSL/TLS.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Good knowledge of RESTful technology, previous work with APIs and ability to understand and solve issues with cloud solutions.</li>
<li>High competency in communicating complex technical issues to both technical and non-technical audiences via phone or email mediums.</li>
<li>Ability to stand in the customer’s shoes and demonstrated dedication to the customer experience.</li>
<li>Excellent written and verbal communication skills.</li>
<li>Excellence in task prioritization and evaluation of situational urgency.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Desired:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Advanced time management skills, ability to work well under pressure, and proficiency at developing workflows to increase troubleshooting efficiency while still following standard processes and procedures.</li>
<li>Ability to influence and build effective working relationships with all levels of the organization.</li>
<li>Interest in utilizing customer feedback to identify and drive improvements in our products.&nbsp;&nbsp;</li>
<li>Basic understanding of Curl command, Webhook.</li>
<li>Basic SQL knowledge to query data from snowflake.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Location</strong></p>
<p>This role will be <span style="text-decoration: underline;">remote</span>, and based in either <strong>Karnataka</strong>, <strong>Maharashtra</strong>, <strong>Telangana</strong>, <strong>Tamil Nadu</strong> or <strong>New Delhi</strong>.</p>
<p><strong>Travel&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>We prioritize connection and opportunities to build relationships with our customers and each other. For this role, you may be required to travel occasionally to participate in project or team in-person meetings.</p>
<p><strong>What We Offer</strong></p>
<p>Working at Twilio offers many benefits, including competitive pay, generous time off, ample parental and wellness leave, healthcare, a retirement savings program, and much more. Offerings vary by location.</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>Twilio thinks big. Do you?</strong></p>
<p>We like to solve problems, take initiative, pitch in when needed, and are always up for trying new things. That's why we seek out colleagues who embody our values — something we call <a href="https://www.twilio.com/company/values">Twilio Magic</a>. Additionally, we empower employees to build <a href="https://twilio.org/support-and-resources/impact-fund">positive change in their communities</a> by supporting their volunteering and donation efforts.</p>
<p>So, if you're ready to unleash your full potential, do your best work, and be the best version of yourself, apply now! If this role isn't what you're looking for, <a href="https://www.twilio.com/company/jobs#open-positions">please consider other open positions.</a></p>
<p><strong>Twilio is proud to be an equal opportunity employer.</strong> We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, reproductive health decisions, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, genetic information, political views or activity, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Qualified applicants with arrest or conviction records will be considered for employment in accordance with the Los Angeles County Fair Chance Ordinance for Employers and the California Fair Chance Act. Additionally, Twilio participates in the E-Verify program in certain locations, as required by law.</p></div>