<p><strong>Who we are</strong></p>
<p><strong>About Stripe</strong></p>
<p>Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies—from the world’s largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyone’s reach while doing the most important work of your career.</p>
<p><strong>About the team</strong></p>
<p>The Stripe Product Accounting Team is responsible for supporting all products at Stripe, consulting on accounting implications and supporting teams' ability to make informed strategic decisions. We are responsible for the accurate and timely recording of all business-generated transactions on our balance sheet and income statement. We operate in a fast-paced environment and collaborate significantly with cross-functional and international teams.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>What you’ll do</strong></p>
<p>Stripe is seeking an experienced accountant to join its world class accounting team and help us scale for the future, in a fast-paced environment that is growing rapidly. In this role you will support our Payments and Payment Products revenue accounting, leveraging your technical expertise with US GAAP, specifically ASC 606, to quickly identify accounting implications and impacts to customers while advising and collaborating with team members cross-functionally to develop operational processes that help us scale.</p>
<p><strong>Responsibilities</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Build scalable accounting processes to support global growth in payment processing accounting</li>
<li>Partner closely with our product, go-to-market, and finance partners to thoroughly understand new products, features, and contracts.</li>
<li>Partner with internal systems and engineering teams to support internal financial systems and automation of accounting processes</li>
<li>Assess the effectiveness of internal controls, and design new processes and controls for emerging and growing business activities</li>
<li>Develop and maintain up-to-date accounting procedural documentation</li>
<li>Plan and perform monthly and quarterly close activities, including journal entries, balance sheet reconciliations, variance analyses, financial reporting deliverables, and analytical reviews</li>
<li>Produce internal management analyses and reporting</li>
<li>Support external audit processes</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Who you are</strong></p>
<p>We're looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.</p>
<p><strong>Minimum requirements</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>An accountancy qualification (e.g CA, CPA, ACA, ACCA, CIMA) with 2 - 3 years of relevant accounting experience</li>
<li>Degree in Accounting or Finance background</li>
<li>Proven experience in the monthly close process, journal preparation and posting, audit, regulatory reporting and exposure to accounting systems.</li>
<li>Experience in month end reporting and financial statement preparation</li>
<li>Working knowledge of US GAAP - ASC 606&nbsp;</li>
<li>The ability to bring structure to ambiguous areas of opportunity and thrive in an unstructured, fast-moving environment</li>
<li>Strong analytical skills and strong knowledge of Excel</li>
<li>An enthusiastic “roll up your sleeves” mentality</li>
<li>A passion for creating new systems and solving problems via infrastructure and automation</li>
<li>Demonstrated ability to work cross-functionally and with different cultures</li>
<li>Demonstrated experience with internal controls</li>
<li>Ability to be flexible and comfortable with changing requirements</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Preferred qualifications</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>CPA/ CA or similar qualification</li>
<li>Knowledge of (or experience in) the technology or payments industry.</li>
<li>Experience working with Oracle Suite</li>
<li>Experience with Hubble and SQL</li>
<li>Experience with Analytical Tools like- Power BI, Tableau, KNIME, Python, Alteryx</li>
</ul>