<p><strong>This is Adyen</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Adyen provides payments, data, and financial products in a single solution for customers like Meta, Uber, H&amp;M, and Microsoft - making us the financial technology platform of choice. At Adyen, everything we do is engineered for ambition.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">For our teams, we create an environment with opportunities for our people to succeed, backed by the culture and support to ensure they are enabled to truly own their careers. We are motivated individuals who tackle unique technical challenges at scale and solve them as a team. Together, we deliver innovative and ethical solutions that help businesses achieve their ambitions faster.</span></p>
<p><strong>Payment Risk Operations Lead&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>As a Payment Risk Operations Lead, you will lead a team of Payment Risk Operations Analyst, maintain oversight of card scheme monitoring and registration of high risk entities, support strategic business growth while meeting compliance goals, and collaborate closely with other teams in order to mitigate non-compliance losses for Adyen and its clients.&nbsp;In this position you will need to work closely with different teams globally, such as Sales, Account Management, Engineering, Compliance, Partnerships and Product in order to meet&nbsp; compliance with our payment partners, and merchant goals. The ability to foster cross-team collaboration and individual curiosity will also be key to success. <br>Further, you will also be involved with strategic company initiatives that help shape the team, and prepare for growth and/or changes.</p>
<h4><strong>What you’ll do</strong></h4>
<ul>
<li>Lead the team as a key source of knowledge on scheme rules and compliance. Drive global initiatives on scheme rules compliance across integrity risk, data security, operational risk&nbsp;</li>
<li>Define and clearly communicate objectives and goals for the team. Track team progress and success, and present results and reporting to senior Leadership&nbsp;</li>
<li>Influence the payments and scheme rules landscape in the market with deep insights gathered from our merchant base. Ability to negotiate with our partners and work collaboratively</li>
<li>Operate closely with our product and partnership teams to sustainably drive our business objectives in the markets&nbsp;</li>
<li>Engage with our payment method partners to resolve and collaborate on key compliance topics.&nbsp; Communicate with our strategic Adyen merchants and partners to drive compliance&nbsp;</li>
<li>Lead and drive operational process improvements to increase productivity and efficacy of the team</li>
<li>Recruit talented team members who can contribute to both Adyen’s and our merchants’ growth. Coach and mentor members of the team in the areas of compliance monitoring and non-compliance investigations</li>
<li>Be an ambassador of the Adyen Formula</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>&nbsp;Who you are:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>You have at least 3-5 years of formal people management experience. You have worked in payment operations within the risk and compliance space for at least 7 years at a fintech/ tech company</li>
<li>You are innovative, with strong problem-solving capabilities and you’re able to define robust processes and procedures and improve operational workflows</li>
<li>You have experience in building effective working relationships with external partners and/or complex cross-functional partners</li>
<li>You are able to serve as an escalation point to varied card network compliance challenges. <em>A detailed knowledge of card network rules is advantageous, but not mandatory</em></li>
<li>You have strong English written and verbal communication skills</li>
<li>Must be willing to travel, both domestically and internationally where required</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Our Diversity, Equity and Inclusion commitments&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Our unique approach is a product of our diverse perspectives. This diversity of backgrounds and cultures is essential in helping us maintain our momentum. Our business and technical challenges are unique, and we need as many different voices as possible to join us in solving them - voices like yours. No matter who you are or where you’re from, we welcome you to be your true self at Adyen.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Studies show that women and members of underrepresented communities apply for jobs only if they meet 100% of the qualifications. Does this sound like you? If so, Adyen encourages you to reconsider and apply. We look forward to your application!</span></p>
<p><strong>What’s next?</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Ensuring a smooth and enjoyable candidate experience is critical for us. We aim to get back to you regarding your application within 5 business days. Our interview process tends to take about 4 weeks to complete, but may fluctuate depending on the role. </span><a href="https://careers.adyen.com/how-we-hire"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Learn more about our hiring process here</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">. Don’t be afraid to let us know if you need more flexibility.</span></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>This role is based out of our Amsterdam office. We are an office-first company and value in-person collaboration; <strong>we do not offer remote-only roles.</strong></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>