<div class="content-intro"><p><strong><em>🚀 We’re on a mission to make money work for everyone.</em></strong></p>
<p>We’re waving goodbye to the complicated and confusing ways of traditional banking.</p>
<p>After starting as a prepaid card, our product offering has grown a lot in the last 10 years in the UK. As well as&nbsp;<a href="https://monzo.com/current-account/personal">personal</a> and <a href="https://monzo.com/business-banking">business</a> bank accounts, we offer <a href="https://monzo.com/current-account/joint-account">joint accounts</a>, <a href="https://monzo.com/current-account/16-17">accounts for 16-17 year olds</a>, a <a href="https://monzo.com/current-account/under-16s">free kids account</a> and <a href="https://monzo.com/flex">credit cards</a> in the UK, with more exciting things to come beyond. Our UK customers can also <a href="https://monzo.com/savings">save</a>, <a href="https://monzo.com/investments">invest </a>and&nbsp;<a href="https://monzo.com/pensions">combine their pensions</a> with us.&nbsp;</p>
<p>With our hot coral cards and get-paid-early feature, combined with financial education on social media and our award winning customer service, we have a long history of creating magical moments for our customers!</p>
<p>We’re not about selling products - we want to solve problems and change lives through Monzo ❤️</p>
<hr>
<p>&nbsp;</p></div><p>Remote in the UK 🇬🇧 | 💰 £29,450 - £37,000 (+ £2,500 Multilingual Premium) +<a href="https://monzo.com/careers/"> Benefits</a> <br><br></p>
<p><strong>👋 Hey there! We're Monzo, the bank that's making money work for everyone.</strong> We're all about waving goodbye to old-school banking and creating magical moments for our customers. This is an exciting time to join us as we continue to grow, and in this role as a Senior Investigator you'll play a key part in supporting our customers.<br><br></p>
<p><strong>🔑You’ll play a key role by...</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Investigating complex or high-risk anti-money laundering alerts on business accounts.</li>
<li>Responsible for recommending Suspicious Transaction Reports (STR) be by Monzo Bank EU.</li>
<li>Making business onboarding decisions in high-risk or complex cases.</li>
<li>Conducting ongoing due diligence on high-risk business accounts.</li>
<li>Providing financial crime expertise and support to other operational teams across the business.<br><br></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>🤩We’d love to hear from you if…</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>You have strong English written and verbal communication skills.</li>
<li>You are Fluent in Italian both written and verbal communication skills.</li>
<li>You have strong experience of conducting high-risk business banking screening or complex business financial crime investigations.</li>
<li>You have experience making independent, risk-based financial crime decisions in a regulated financial services firm.</li>
<li>You have knowledge of the current financial crime landscape in the UK and the EU, and associated financial crime risks.</li>
</ul>
<p><br>The working hours to be covered by the team will be 7am - 6.30pm and this will be based on 8.5 hours per day (with a 1 hour lunch included).&nbsp; This will include 1 in 4 weekends.&nbsp; The successful candidate will be required to be flexible in order to meet our customer demand. The start for the role will be in September 2026 and you must be able to commit to the first 8 weeks of training Monday to Friday 9am-5.30pm. No holidays/time off will be authorised during this period.<br><br><strong>🙌 What’s in it for you</strong></p>
<p>💰£29,450 - £37,000 (+ £2,500 Multilingual Premium)&nbsp;</p>
<p>🎂 We guarantee to approve time off on your birthday if it falls on a day you’re scheduled to work and it’s outside of your training period.</p>
<p>📍 This role is remote based in the UK.</p>
<p>📚£1,000 learning budget each year to use on books, training courses and conferences.</p>
<p>🏡 We will set you up to work from home; all employees are given Macbooks and for fully remote workers we will provide extra support for your work-from-home setup.</p>
<p>➕ Plus lots more!<a href="https://monzo.com/careers/"> Read our full list of benefits</a>.<br><br></p>
<p><strong>🌈 Ready to join the Monzo adventure?</strong></p>
<p>Apply now and help us make money work for everyone in the EU!<br><br></p>
<p><strong>The application journey has 4 key steps</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Application questions.</li>
<li>Call with a Recruiter.</li>
<li>Interview to discuss your previous experience and technical knowledge and values.</li>
<li>The final step will consist of a Italian language assessments</li>
</ul>
<p>Not ticking every box? That’s totally okay! Studies show that women and people of colour might hesitate to apply unless they meet every single requirement. At Monzo, we’re dedicated to creating a diverse and welcoming team. If you’re passionate about this role and keen to learn and grow with us, we encourage you to apply— even if you don’t have everything that’s listed just yet. Drop us your application, we’d love to hear from you!</p>
<p>We have some guidelines on using Artificial Intelligence (AI) to ace an application and interview at Monzo.<a href="https://monzo.com/blog/the-ultimate-guide-on-using-ai-to-ace-an-interview-at-monzo"> You can read them here.<br><br></a>Our average process takes around 5 weeks but we will always work around your availability.<br><br></p>
<p>We may close the advert should we have sufficient applications so please get your application in as soon as possible to avoid disappointment.</p>
<section class="account-page\_\_wrapper page-layout page-layout--primary-panel-workspace page-layout--xlarge" data-test-page-layout="">
<div class="page-layout\_\_grid-container">
<div class="page-layout\_\_workspace" data-test-page-layout-workspace="">
<div class="account-page-workspace-content" data-artdeco-is-focused="true">
<div class="setting-container">
<div class="setting-group">
<div class="setting-group\_\_list">
<div class="ember-view setting-group-item promotion-settings-page\_\_item" data-test-selector="setting-group-item">
<div class="setting-item-core\_\_grid-container" data-live-test-promotion-tag-setting="" data-live-test-setting-item="">
<div class="setting-item-core\_\_right-pane">
<div class="ember-view setting-item-core\_\_state t-14 t-black--light" data-test-selector="setting-item-core-state">#LI-REMOTE<strong> </strong>#LI-DR</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</section><div class="content-conclusion"><hr>
<p><strong>Equal opportunities for everyone</strong></p>
<p>Diversity and inclusion are a priority for us and we’re making sure we have lots of support for all of our people to grow at Monzo. At Monzo, we’re embracing diversity by fostering an inclusive environment for all people to do the best work of their lives with us. This is integral to our mission of making money work for everyone. You can read more in our <a href="https://monzo.com/blog/diversity-and-inclusion">blog</a>, 2024 <a href="https://monzo.com/blog/our-2024-diversity-and-inclusion-report" target="\_blank">Diversity and Inclusion Report</a> and 2024 <a href="https://monzo.com/blog/an-update-on-our-gender-pay-gap-2024">Gender Pay Gap Report.</a></p>
<p>We’re an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be considered for employment without attention to age, ethnicity, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, family or parental status, national origin, or veteran, neurodiversity or disability status.</p>
<p>If you have a preferred name, please use it to apply. We don't need full or birth names at application stage 😊</p></div>