<div id="content" class="">
<div class="m\_5109674992052585567m\_1463734653547479855gmail-jobs-box\_\_html-content m\_5109674992052585567m\_1463734653547479855gmail-jobs-description-content\_\_text m\_5109674992052585567m\_1463734653547479855gmail-Sans-15px-black-70%">
<p><strong>Towards the end of our interview process is an in-person interview. </strong></p>
<p>Do you want to help make the world safe from cyber attack?&nbsp; <br><br>At Corelight, we believe that the best approach to cybersecurity risk starts with the network.&nbsp; Attackers can evade endpoint detection, firewalls and many other technologies - but they can’t avoid leaving digital footprints on the networks they traverse.&nbsp; Built on open-source innovations from Zeek, Suricata and YARA and refined through years of real-world use,&nbsp; Corelight transforms network footprints from physical, virtual and cloud networks into actionable insights. &nbsp; Our customers use these insights to speed incident response and proactively hunt for threats.&nbsp;&nbsp;</p>
<p>We are currently seeking an Account Executive to drive sales into the DACH territory.&nbsp; The Account Executive will be responsible for developing and managing relationships with internal and customer partners, including c-suite decision makers within a geographic territory.</p>
<p>Key Responsibilities:</p>
<ul>
<li>Develop and close business to consistently meet or exceed quarterly sales quotas in a way that reflects Corelight values.</li>
<li>Be a relentless and trusted advisor by deeply understanding client businesses, proactively identifying their needs, and driving progress through aligning Corelight solutions with their goals.</li>
<li>Demonstrate a deep understanding of Corelight offerings and their value to customers.</li>
<li>Display versatility in selling across all organizational levels, from end-users to C-suite executives, by providing industry insights, building relationships, and positioning solutions that address business needs.</li>
<li>Align with Corelight partner ecosystem to optimize market opportunity.</li>
<li>Maintain accurate pipeline management with expert level forecasting.</li>
<li>Leverages and aligns cross-functionally on strategy to achieve company objectives.</li>
<li>Regional travel required.</li>
</ul>
<p>Qualifications:</p>
<ul>
<li>Minimum 3-5+ years successfully selling enterprise SaaS solutions in the cloud/security space to enterprise customers within a geographic-based territory or in named accounts.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Experience managing multiple stakeholders and selling into integrated tools.</li>
<li>Expert in value-based solution selling, with a keen focus on delivering tangible business outcomes.</li>
<li>Must demonstrate proficiency in executing a formal sales process and possess familiarity with qualification frameworks.</li>
<li>A proven track record managing accounts in the cloud or cybersecurity ecosystem.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Ability to learn and explain a highly technical product to technically astute buyers.</li>
<li>BA or equivalent. Technical or business field preferred, or add 4 years relevant cyber security experience.</li>
</ul>
<p>Fueled by investments from top-tier venture capital organizations such as Crowdstrike, Accel and Insight, Corelight is the fastest growing network detection and response platform in the industry.&nbsp; Our customers trust us to protect mission-critical assets in leading enterprises, government, and research institutions worldwide. &nbsp; We are leading the way with AI-assisted workflows, machine learning models, cloud security and SaaS-based solutions to arm defenders with the tools and knowledge they need to disrupt cyber attacks.&nbsp; &nbsp; Our team of passionate innovators are dedicated to solving some of the toughest challenges in cybersecurity, while fostering a collaborative, inclusive, and growth-oriented culture. Corelight is committed to a geographically distributed yet connected employee base with employees working from home and office locations around the world. &nbsp; At Corelight, we are proud of our diversity of background and thought, and we’re united by our strong shared culture and values.<br><br></p>
<p>We are looking forward to meeting you.&nbsp; Check us out at www.corelight.com</p>
<p><br><br></p>
</div>
</div>