<div class="content-intro"><p><strong><em>🚀 We’re on a mission to make money work for everyone.</em></strong></p>
<p>We’re waving goodbye to the complicated and confusing ways of traditional banking.</p>
<p>After starting as a prepaid card, our product offering has grown a lot in the last 10 years in the UK. As well as&nbsp;<a href="https://monzo.com/current-account/personal">personal</a> and <a href="https://monzo.com/business-banking">business</a> bank accounts, we offer <a href="https://monzo.com/current-account/joint-account">joint accounts</a>, <a href="https://monzo.com/current-account/16-17">accounts for 16-17 year olds</a>, a <a href="https://monzo.com/current-account/under-16s">free kids account</a> and <a href="https://monzo.com/flex">credit cards</a> in the UK, with more exciting things to come beyond. Our UK customers can also <a href="https://monzo.com/savings">save</a>, <a href="https://monzo.com/investments">invest </a>and&nbsp;<a href="https://monzo.com/pensions">combine their pensions</a> with us.&nbsp;</p>
<p>With our hot coral cards and get-paid-early feature, combined with financial education on social media and our award winning customer service, we have a long history of creating magical moments for our customers!</p>
<p>We’re not about selling products - we want to solve problems and change lives through Monzo ❤️</p>
<hr>
<p>&nbsp;</p></div><p>📍Barcelona, Spain | 💰 Base salary for this role is depending on experience + benefits | Hybrid model: 3 days a week in the office</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>⭐<strong>Our Business Banking&nbsp; team</strong></p>
<p style="text-align: justify;">Business Banking is on a mission to make money work for small businesses around the world. Since launching in 2020, Monzo has grown to be the bank of choice for over 800,000 UK businesses - voted by our customers as Britain’s recommended business account for overall service quality.</p>
<p style="text-align: justify;">This is an exciting role for a product manager who loves getting close to customers, understanding local market nuance, and using that insight to improve product-market fit. You’ll focus on helping Monzo succeed in our European markets by working cross-functionally with user research, data science, and marketing to identify the biggest customer and business opportunities, and working with teams across Monzo to solve them.&nbsp;&nbsp;</p>
<p style="text-align: justify;">You’ll sit at the intersection of expansion, growth and new feature development. That means deeply understanding customer needs in specific markets, spotting where our proposition needs to be adapted, and driving the changes that will have the biggest impact on customer outcomes and business performance.<br><br></p>
<p><strong>🔑You’ll play a key role by…</strong></p>
<p>Helping Monzo find stronger product-market fit in our European markets. You’ll balance growth, expansion, and feature iteration to tailor our proposition across specific European markets.</p>
<p>That means you’ll:</p>
<ul>
<li>Build a deep understanding of customer needs, behaviours and pain points in specific European markets</li>
<li>Develop a strong view of local market context, including customer expectations, competitive dynamics and product nuances</li>
<li>Work closely with data and user research to identify the biggest opportunities and challenges in each market</li>
<li>Partner with engineering, design, research, data, and marketing to shape and deliver localisations, product improvements and market-specific changes</li>
<li>Collaborate with teams building globally-used products to make sure our proposition works for local customers too</li>
<li>Define clear problems to solve, prioritise effectively, and focus on the opportunities with the highest potential impact</li>
<li>Run experiments, test quickly, and use evidence to iterate on solutions</li>
<li>Track performance against goals and use data to understand what is and isn’t working</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>🤩 We’d love to hear from you if…</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>You’ve shipped high-quality digital products in a fast-moving environment. Even better if you have experience in growth, expansion, or new market focussed product roles</li>
<li>You can work effectively with a diverse range of people and working styles - spanning engineering, design, data, user research, marketing, legal and compliance - to get stuff done</li>
<li>You’re highly customer-focused and know how to turn insight into practical product changes</li>
<li>You're data-driven, and enthusiastic about metrics. You have a proven track record of making an impact through experimentation and optimization. You’re comfortable using both data and research to identify opportunities and make decisions</li>
<li>You enjoy working across discovery and delivery, from understanding problems to testing solutions in market</li>
<li>You’re able to work autonomously and make progress in ambiguous spaces</li>
<li>You get people inspired by the product vision and you share the right context with the right people at the right time.</li>
<li>You’re excited by experimentation, and have strong instincts for how to learn quickly</li>
<li>You work well with a wide range of partners and disciplines to get things done</li>
<li>You can balance local market needs with the realities of working within a broader global product organisation</li>
<li>You care about delivering meaningful customer and business outcomes, not just shipping feature</li>
<li>You’re excited by what we’re doing at Monzo</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>🌈 The application journey has 3 key steps</strong></p>
<ol>
<li><strong>Recruiter Call (30 minutes)</strong></li>
<li><strong>Initial Call (45 minutes)</strong> with the hiring manager&nbsp;</li>
<li><strong>Final Loop</strong> <strong>(2 hours 45)</strong> consisting of x3 interviews consisting of a Project Walkthrough, Case Study and Leadership inverview.</li>
</ol>
<p>Our average process takes around 5-6 weeks but we will always work around your availability.</p>
<p>We’ll only close this role once we have enough applications for the next stage. Please submit your application as soon as possible to make sure you don’t miss out.&nbsp;</p>
<p>If you're successful in applying for this role, we'll work with you to find a start date. In some cases, there might be a delay in when you can be released from your current role so that we can make sure things continue to run smoothly. We’ll be sure to communicate this with you and keep you updated.</p>
<hr>
<p><strong>🙌What’s in it for you</strong></p>
<p>💰Base salary range for this role is depending on experience + benefits&nbsp;</p>
<p>📍Barcelona, Spain</p>
<p>⏰ We offer flexible working hours and trust you to work enough hours to do your job well, at times that suit you and your team.</p>
<p>📚Learning budget of €1,200 a year for books, training courses and conferences</p>
<hr>
<p><strong>#LI-RP1</strong></p><div class="content-conclusion"><hr>
<p><strong>Equal opportunities for everyone</strong></p>
<p>Diversity and inclusion are a priority for us and we’re making sure we have lots of support for all of our people to grow at Monzo. At Monzo, we’re embracing diversity by fostering an inclusive environment for all people to do the best work of their lives with us. This is integral to our mission of making money work for everyone. You can read more in our <a href="https://monzo.com/blog/diversity-and-inclusion">blog</a>, 2024 <a href="https://monzo.com/blog/our-2024-diversity-and-inclusion-report" target="\_blank">Diversity and Inclusion Report</a> and 2024 <a href="https://monzo.com/blog/an-update-on-our-gender-pay-gap-2024">Gender Pay Gap Report.</a></p>
<p>We’re an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be considered for employment without attention to age, ethnicity, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, family or parental status, national origin, or veteran, neurodiversity or disability status.</p>
<p>If you have a preferred name, please use it to apply. We don't need full or birth names at application stage 😊</p></div>