<h3>Our Database Experience (DBX) Team</h3>
<p>A great MongoDB experience starts with great tools.</p>
<p>The Database Experience team builds the libraries and tools that developers use day-to-day working with MongoDB. Our mission is to increase developer adoption, satisfaction and retention by providing a reliable, enjoyable interface for developers and other end-users.</p>
<p>Our senior engineers are typically specialists in a particular programming language, but are capable of contributing to projects in other languages as well.</p>
<p>For this role, we're looking for someone who will enjoy designing, writing, and supporting open source libraries for the Python ecosystem developers that use MongoDB. This is an opportunity to make a major impact at MongoDB as Python is one of the most popular runtimes for MongoDB users, and our driver has over 3 million daily pypi downloads.</p>
<p>We are looking to speak to candidates who are based in Canada for our hybrid working model.</p>
<h3>You might be right for this role if you...</h3>
<ul>
<li>Have substantial experience writing high-quality software in Python</li>
<li>Have practical experience with AI/ML frameworks and technologies in Python, including large language models and agentic tools</li>
<li>Have extensive knowledge in Python tools and frameworks, scientific python and web development frameworks are a plus</li>
<li>Have an interest in learning and staying up-to-date with Python ecosystem trends and best practices and incorporating them into your work</li>
<li>Can make pragmatic design decisions, balancing tradeoffs such as usability, maintainability and delivery time</li>
<li>Want to, or already do, participate in open source software development and communities, both online via e.g. GitHub and optionally through conferences and speaking engagements</li>
<li>Communicate well, internally and externally, both verbally and in writing</li>
<li>Enjoy collaborating with teammates, and mentoring junior engineers and interns</li>
<li>Are self-motivated, organized, and have strong time management skills</li>
</ul>
<h3>You'll be on the team responsible for...</h3>
<ul>
<li>Developing and supporting the MongoDB Python drivers and subsidiary libraries (<a href="https://github.com/mongodb/mongo-python-driver">PyMongo</a>, <a href="https://github.com/mongodb-labs/django-mongodb">Django MongoDB Backend</a>, <a href="https://github.com/langchain-ai/langchain-mongodb">LangChain MongoDB</a>) and related software, collaborating with peers in our distributed world-wide engineering team</li>
<li>Writing and maintaining open source <a href="https://github.com/mongodb/specifications">specifications</a> defining common behavior and APIs shared across all of our drivers</li>
<li>Investigating bugs and support requests from commercial customers, open source users, and internal users for the libraries our team maintains</li>
<li>Working with our Product and Server teams on designs and specifications for new user-facing MongoDB features</li>
</ul>
<h3>Success in this role means...</h3>
<ul>
<li>Within one month, you will understand the high-level architecture of the drivers and how MongoDB works, and will have completed a few small bug fixes and/or feature tickets</li>
<li>Within three months, you will be contributing effectively day-to-day, fixing bugs, implementing features, investigating and responding to open source user and customer issues, and reviewing your peers' code</li>
<li>Within six months, you'll have implemented major, planned new features, contributed to our common driver specifications, shipped a major feature in an open source library, and will be collaborating with the Product team to help craft our roadmap</li>
<li>Within twelve months, you'll have significantly improved the quality, performance and maintainability of our codebase, and will be taking the lead in designing and specifying major new features</li>
</ul>
<h3>About MongoDB</h3>
<p>MongoDB is built for change, empowering our customers and our people to innovate at the speed of the market. We have redefined the database for the AI era, enabling innovators to create, transform, and disrupt industries with software. MongoDB’s unified database platform, the most widely available, globally distributed database on the market, helps organizations modernize legacy workloads, embrace innovation, and unleash AI. Our cloud-native platform, MongoDB Atlas, is the only globally distributed, multi-cloud database and is available across AWS, Google Cloud, and Microsoft Azure.</p>
<p>With offices worldwide and over 60,000 customers, including 75% of the Fortune 100 and AI-native startups, relying on MongoDB for their most important applications, we’re powering the next era of software.</p>
<p>Our compass at MongoDB is our <a href="https://www.mongodb.com/company">Leadership Commitment,</a> guiding how and why we make decisions, show up for each other, and win. It’s what makes us MongoDB.&nbsp;</p>
<p>To drive the personal growth and business impact of our employees, we’re committed to developing a supportive and enriching culture for everyone. <a href="https://www.mongodb.com/company/blog/culture/employee-benefits-that-make-a-difference-at-mongodb">From employee affinity groups, to fertility assistance and a generous parental leave policy</a>, we value our employees’ wellbeing and want to support them along every step of their professional and personal journeys.<a href="https://www.mongodb.com/blog/channel/culture"> Learn more about what it’s like to work at MongoDB</a>, and help us make an impact on the world!</p>
<p>MongoDB is committed to providing any necessary accommodations for individuals with disabilities within our application and interview process. To request an accommodation due to a disability, please inform your recruiter.</p>
<p>MongoDB, Inc. provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any type and makes all hiring decisions without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws.</p>
<p>Req ID: 1273396098</p><div class="content-pay-transparency"><div class="pay-input"><div class="description"><p><em>AI is used to review applications based on job-related criteria and does not replace human decision-making. The hiring team decide who moves forward.</em></p>
<p>MongoDB’s base salary range for this role is posted below. Compensation at the time of offer is unique to each candidate and based on a variety of factors such as skill set, experience, qualifications, and work location. Salary is one part of MongoDB’s total compensation and benefits package. Other benefits for eligible employees may include: equity, participation in the employee stock purchase program, flexible paid time off, 20 weeks fully-paid gender-neutral parental leave, fertility and adoption assistance, Registered Retirement Savings Plan (RRSP) with employer match, mental health counseling, backup child and elder care, and health, dental, and vision benefits offerings. Please note, the base salary range listed below and the benefits in this paragraph are only applicable to candidates based in Canada.</p></div><div class="title">MongoDB’s base salary range for this role in Canada is:</div><div class="pay-range"><span>$137,000</span><span class="divider">&mdash;</span><span>$189,000 CAD</span></div></div></div>