<h2><strong>Who we are</strong></h2>
<div>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">Helsing is a defence AI company. Our mission is to protect our democracies. We aim to achieve technological leadership, so that open societies can continue to make sovereign decisions and control their ethical standards.</span><span data-ccp-props="{">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">As democracies, we believe we have a special responsibility to be thoughtful about the development and deployment of powerful technologies like AI. We take this responsibility seriously.</span><span data-ccp-props="{">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span data-contrast="none">We are an ambitious and committed team of engineers, AI specialists and customer-facing programme managers.<span data-contrast="auto">&nbsp;We are looking for mission-driven people to join our European teams – and apply their skills to solve the most complex and impactful problems. We embrace an open and transparent culture that welcomes healthy debates on the use of technology in defence, its benefits, and its ethical implications.</span><span data-ccp-props="{">&nbsp;</span></span></p>
</div>
<h2><strong>The role</strong></h2>
<p>As a Flight Test Manager at Helsing, you will establish and direct a comprehensive flight test organisation responsible for delivering high-quality test data to internal teams and external partners. You will define the required infrastructure, personnel, and partnerships necessary to execute safe and efficient flight test operations throughout the entire product lifecycle, from research and development through to certification and acceptance testing. By developing and integrating facilities, tools, and processes into a cohesive framework, you will enable the rapid evaluation of our systems, ensuring Helsing’s defence AI capabilities are thoroughly validated and ready for deployment.</p>
<h2><strong>The day-to-day</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li class="text-start ">
<p>Recruit, develop, and empower a multidisciplinary team of engineers and pilots to execute complex flight operations</p>
</li>
<li class="text-start ">
<p>Design and implement comprehensive flight test plans that address engineering requirements across the entire product spectrum</p>
</li>
<li class="text-start ">
<p>Manage the budget, resource allocation, and scheduling for flight test campaigns to ensure efficient and timely execution</p>
</li>
<li class="text-start ">
<p>Direct the safe and effective execution of all flight test operations, overseeing detailed flight preparations, test procedures, and risk management</p>
</li>
<li class="text-start ">
<p>Establish and maintain supplier relationships, including facilities, airfields, service providers, and component suppliers</p>
</li>
<li class="text-start ">
<p>Ensure strict adherence to regulatory requirements, industry standards, and internal safety protocols throughout all activities</p>
</li>
<li class="text-start ">
<p>Facilitate cross-functional collaboration to deliver testing safely and efficiently, actively resolving obstacles in the testing process</p>
</li>
<li class="text-start ">
<p>Deliver high-quality flight test data, comprehensive reports, and actionable recommendations to stakeholders and leadership</p>
</li>
<li class="text-start ">
<p>Implement the processes, methods, and tools required to manage testing and associated lifecycle data</p>
</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>You should apply if you</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li class="text-start ">
<p>Have at least 10 years’ experience in test operations and directing multidisciplinary teams in an aerospace or defence context</p>
</li>
<li class="text-start ">
<p>Possess a comprehensive technical understanding of complex aerospace, electrical, or software engineering principles, typically gained through formal education or equivalent practical experience</p>
</li>
<li class="text-start ">
<p>Hold in-depth knowledge of the regulatory, quality, and safety standards required for rigorous flight testing</p>
</li>
<li class="text-start ">
<p>Demonstrate highly effective project management and organisational skills, with a proven ability to oversee complex, concurrent programmes</p>
</li>
<li class="text-start ">
<p>Communicate technical concepts clearly and effectively, interfacing seamlessly with internal stakeholders, external partners, and senior leadership</p>
</li>
<li class="text-start ">
<p>Have a proven track record of establishing the infrastructure, procedures, and tools required to deliver safe and successful flight testing operations</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p><em>Note: We operate in an industry where women, as well as other minority groups, are systematically under-represented. We encourage you to apply even if you don’t meet all the listed qualifications; ability and impact cannot be summarised in a few bullet points.</em></p>
<h2><strong><span data-contrast="auto">Join Helsing and work with world-leading experts in their fields</span><span data-ccp-props="{">&nbsp;</span></strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">Helsing’s work is important. You’ll be directly contributing to the protection of democratic countries while balancing both ethical and geopolitical concerns</span></p>
</li>
<li>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">The work is unique. We operate in a domain that has highly unusual technical requirements and constraints, and where robustness, safety, and ethical considerations are vital. You will face unique Engineering and AI challenges that make a meaningful impact in the world</span></p>
</li>
<li>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">Our work frequently takes us right up to the state of the art in technical innovation, be it reinforcement learning, distributed systems, generative AI, or deployment infrastructure. The defence industry is entering the most exciting phase of the technological development curve. Advances in our field of world are not incremental: Helsing is part of, and often leading, historic leaps forward</span></p>
</li>
<li>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">In our domain, success is a matter of order-of-magnitude improvements and novel capabilities. This means we take bets, aim high, and focus on big opportunities. Despite being a relatively young company, Helsing has already been selected for multiple significant government contracts</span></p>
</li>
<li>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">We actively encourage healthy, proactive, and diverse debate internally about what we do and how we choose to do it. Teams and individual engineers are trusted (and encouraged) to practise responsible autonomy and critical thinking, and to focus on outcomes, not conformity. At Helsing you will have a say in how we (and you!) work, the opportunity to engage on what does and doesn’t work, and to take ownership of aspects of our culture that you care deeply about</span></p>
</li>
</ul>
<h2 id="What-we-offer" data-renderer-start-pos="3238"><strong><span id="6afa48f9-b797-428b-aa69-0bc8163b3593" data-renderer-mark="true" data-mark-type="annotation" data-mark-annotation-type="inlineComment" data-id="6afa48f9-b797-428b-aa69-0bc8163b3593">What we offer</span></strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">A focus on outcomes, not time-tracking</span></p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Competitive compensation and stock options</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Relocation support</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Social and education allowances</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Regular company events and all-hands to bring together employees as one team across Europe</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><em data-stringify-type="italic">Helsing is an equal opportunities employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, religion, sexual orientation, age, marital status, disability or gender identity. Please do not submit personal data revealing racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, trade union membership, data concerning your health, or data concerning your sexual orientation.</em></p><div class="content-conclusion"><div>&nbsp;</div>
<div>Helsing's Candidate Privacy and Confidentiality Regime can be found <a href="https://helsing.ai/candidate-privacy-and-confidentiality-regime/" target="\_blank">here</a>.&nbsp;</div>
<div>&nbsp;</div>
<div>&nbsp;</div></div>