<div class="content-intro"><p>We are a global team of innovators and pioneers dedicated to shaping the future of observability. At New Relic, we build an intelligent platform that empowers companies to thrive in an AI-first world by giving them unparalleled insight into their complex systems. As we continue to expand our global footprint, we're looking for passionate people to join our mission. If you're ready to help the world's best companies optimize their digital applications, we invite you to explore a career with us!</p></div><div id="message-list\_1776145417.142529">
<div><strong>Your opportunity:</strong><br>The Enterprise Account Executive is responsible for building Enterprise level client relationships with identified accounts within the existing accounts &amp; Global Clients ecosystem in the region. Individuals who excel at this job have the ability to prospect, develop, and close business within a timely manner while focusing on the clients’ requirements. The Enterprise AE’s must have the confidence and ability to negotiate and close agreements with clients and support new customers through our on-boarding process.<br>This role is a unique opportunity to contribute in a meaningful way to high visibility, high impact projects at a very exciting time for the company. If you are a talented, self-managed professional with experience managing a complex sales process and possess excellent presentation and listening skills, organisation and contact management capabilities, we’d love to hear from you.<br><br><strong>What you'll do:</strong><br>• Achieve sales quotas for allocated accounts on a quarterly and annual basis by developing a sales and engagement strategy in the allocated territory with a target prospect list, and an assigned sales plan.<br>Develop marketing plans with the marketing team to drive revenue growth.<br>• Be the trusted advisor to the customer by understanding their existing and future IT roadmap to drive the Snowflake solution within the marketplace.<br>• Prospect qualification and the development of new sales opportunities within expansion accounts and ongoing revenue streams.<br>• Arrange and conduct initial Executive and CxO discussions and positioning meetings, sales process management and opportunity closure.<br>• Ongoing account management to ensure customer satisfaction and drive additional revenue streams.<br>• Be familiar with a solution-based approach to selling, have experience managing a complex sales process and possess excellent presentation and listening skills, organisation and contact management capabilities.<br><br><strong>This role requires:</strong></div>
<ul>
<li>10+ years of full-cycle sales experience selling software or cloud-based applications to the enterprise segment.</li>
<li>5+ year of experience into expansion sales and farming accounts.</li>
<li>Bachelor degree or equivalent</li>
<li>7 years of demonstrated success in upselling and cross-selling within expansion accounts at the enterprise level; selling six-and-seven figure deals and leading a coordinated selling team</li>
<li>Good network and connection within Indian conglomerates and large enterprises</li>
<li>Continuous, substantial, and proven success in enterprise sales</li>
<li>Networks internally and externally with senior professionals in area of expertise.</li>
<li>Technical background, with a basic understanding of infrastructures and SaaS industry in general</li>
<li>Operates independently in a complex environment.</li>
<li>Have experience of SFDC and a variety of software business tools, including Tableau, PowerPoint, Zoom, etc.</li>
<li>Experience selling to C-Level and across both IT and business units to customers - Enterprise Customers in North India is a plus.</li>
<li>Strong technical aptitude.</li>
<li>Passion and commitment for customer success.</li>
<li>Ability to sell a platform.</li>
<li>Strong time management skills.</li>
<li>Proven consultative sales solution skills, including the ability to articulate a clear, concise return on investment value statement.</li>
<li>Ability to maintain a high level of productivity, manage multiple competing priorities, and work effectively under the pressure of time constraints in a fast-paced, complex, collaborative, and team-oriented environment.</li>
</ul>
</div>
<div id="message-list\_1776145557.357339">
<div>
<div>
<div>
<div>
<div>
<div>
<div>
<div>
<div>
<div>
<div>#LI-AD1</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div><div class="content-conclusion"><p>Fostering a diverse, welcoming and inclusive environment is important to us. We work hard to make everyone feel comfortable bringing their best, most authentic selves to work every day. We celebrate our talented Relics’ different backgrounds and abilities, and recognize the different paths they took to reach us – including nontraditional ones. Their experiences and perspectives inspire us to make our products and company the best they can be. We’re looking for people who feel connected to our mission and values, not just candidates who check off all the boxes.&nbsp;</p>
<p>If you require a reasonable accommodation to complete any part of the application or recruiting process, please reach out to <a href="mailto:resume@newrelic.com" target="\_blank">resume@newrelic.com</a>.</p>
<p>We believe in empowering all Relics to achieve professional and business success through a flexible workforce model. This model allows us to work in a variety of workplaces that best support our success, including fully office-based, fully remote, or hybrid.</p>
<p><strong>Our hiring process</strong><br><br>In compliance with applicable law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work and to complete employment eligibility verification. Note: Our stewardship of the data of thousands of customers means that a criminal background check is required to join New Relic.<br><br>We will consider qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records based on individual circumstances and in accordance with applicable law including, but not limited to, the&nbsp;<a href="https://sfgov.org/olse/sites/default/files/FCO%20poster2020.pdf" target="\_blank">San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance</a>.<br><br>Headhunters and recruitment agencies may not submit resumes/CVs through this website or directly to managers. New Relic does not accept unsolicited headhunter and agency resumes, and will not pay fees to any third-party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with New Relic.</p>
<p>New Relic develops and distributes encryption software and technology that complies with U.S. export controls and licensing requirements. Certain New Relic roles require candidates to pass an export compliance assessment as a condition of employment in any global location. If relevant, we will provide more information later in the application process.</p>
<p>Candidates are evaluated based on qualifications, regardless of race, religion, ethnicity, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender expression or identity, age, disability, neurodiversity, veteran or marital status, political viewpoint, or other legally protected characteristics.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Review our Applicant Privacy Notice at&nbsp;<a href="https://newrelic.com/termsandconditions/applicant-privacy-policy" target="\_blank">https://newrelic.com/termsandconditions/applicant-privacy-policy</a></p></div>