<div class="content-intro"><h2><span data-sheets-root="1">About Wolt</span></h2>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">At Wolt, we create technology that brings joy, simplicity and earnings to the neighborhoods of the world. In 2014 we started with delivery of restaurant food. Now we’re building the delivery of (almost) everything and you’ll find us in over 500 cities in 30 countries around the world. In 2022 we joined forces with DoorDash and together we keep on dreaming big and expanding across the globe.<br><br>Working at Wolt isn’t always easy, but it’s definitely exciting. Here you’ll learn more, build more, and ship more than in most other companies. You’ll be challenged a lot, but also have a lot of fun on the way. So, if you’re a self-starter with drive and entrepreneurial spirit, this could be the ride of your life.</span></p></div><p>Wolt is a Finnish technology company best known for our food delivery platform. We also partner with a wide variety of businesses, from grocery chains and retailers to online pharmacies. Wolt Drive — our delivery-as-a-service (DaaS) solution — is experiencing substantial growth in Romania and the broader Central European region. As a Wolt Drive Commerce Platform Sales Manager, you will be a key communicator between our local team and sales partners, ensuring optimal success for both Wolt and our partners.</p>
<h2>What you’ll be doing</h2>
<p>As Commerce Platform Sales Manager you’ll support the sales growth of Wolt Drive and&nbsp; you’ll be responsible for identifying, negotiating, and closing partnerships with restaurants and retailers. You’ll build strong pipelines, manage relationships, and collaborate closely with cross-functional teams to ensure long-term partner success.</p>
<h3><strong>Day-to-day in this role you’ll:</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Assist with sales growth in Romania ensuring existing partners and customers enjoy their experience with Wolt Drive;</li>
<li>Establish strategic partnerships with companies that benefit from last-mile delivery solutions;</li>
<li>Identify new partnership and growth opportunities, using data and business insights to enhance performance;</li>
<li>Work closely with retail and restaurant sales teams to expand existing partnerships into Wolt Drive.&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<h2>Our humble expectations</h2>
<ul>
<li>Proven success in solution sales or business development;</li>
<li>Experience in SaaS, marketplaces, e-commerce, or last-mile logistics sales is a strong advantage;</li>
<li>Consultative sales approach with the ability to tailor solutions to specific partners</li>
<li>Commercial mindset with the ability to identify and act on growth opportunities</li>
<li>Comfortable collaborating internally to land long and complex deals</li>
<li>Fluent in Romanian and English;</li>
</ul>
<h2>What we offer</h2>
<ul>
<li>A fast-growing tech company with lots of career opportunities, both locally and internationally;</li>
<li>Medical subscription – Regina Maria;</li>
<li>Meal tickets;</li>
<li>Monthly budget for sports activities;</li>
<li>Employee Assistance Programme - therapy and wellbeing;</li>
<li>Employee discount on all Wolt orders.</li>
</ul>
<h2>Next steps</h2>
<p>If this sounds like an opportunity you’d like to pursue, apply today! 💙</p>
<p><iframe src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/GoL541\_xj9w" width="560" height="314"></iframe></p><div class="content-conclusion"><h2><span data-sheets-root="1">Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion</span></h2>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">We’re committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. That’s why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.</span></p></div>