We’re a team of 500+ professionals who develop cutting-edge web data gathering solutions for thousands of the world’s best known businesses, including Fortune 500 companies.

**What’s in store for you:**

Plenty of career opportunities — and we’ll help you seize them with internal/external learning resources and knowledge sharing events. To make your professional growth journey smooth, you’ll have a supportive team around you, as well as access to mental and physical well-being resources.

Join the smart and ambitious ScrapingBee team to support our customers of a global technology product loved by developers all over the world.

## Your day-to-day:

- **Troubleshoot** technical issues for clients requiring in-depth investigation;
- **Build scripts** to provide working solutions to the customer;
- Test and implement effective scraping and unblocking strategies;
- Investigate and find potential workarounds for scraping challenges;
- Assist in the successful and seamless implementation of services;
- Ensure high-quality standards for new releases from the customer experience perspective;
- Test current scraping solutions of various domains with our products;
- Reproduce and troubleshoot client coding problems, escalating issues and communicating with other teams;
- **Proactively learn and stay updated** on internal unblocking tools and features.

## Your skills & experience:

- **Ability to work on most weekends (10:00AM - 7:00 PM) and extra day during the week** in a hybrid working model
- Fluent in English and Lithuanian
- Practical code writing and reading skills
- Python or NodeJS basic
- Customer experience with a technical product, and helping customers troubleshoot the product
- Proved experience in recreating, testing, and finding solutions to clients' issues
- Continuous willingness to explore, learn, and test our internal unblocking tools, which are constantly being developed and have new features added to them
- Basic understanding of the underlying processes of web requests, such as the differences in headers, cookies, and JavaScript execution when initiated through a browser versus code
- Ability to utilize the basic function of browsers Network tab to investigate browser requests.

*Nice to have:*

- Ability to use git
- Ability to code in and read basic Python or NodeJS
- Ability to use HTTP clients such as Postman or Insomnia.
- Good understanding of proxies and how they work internally.
- Ability to scrape domains that have security in place to prevent scraping

## Salary:

- Gross salary (for part time position): **900 - 1500** **EUR/month**. Keep in mind that we are open to discussing a different salary based on your skills and experience.

**Up for the challenge? Let’s talk!**