<div class="content-intro"><p>Elastic, the Search AI Company, enables everyone to find the answers they need in real time, using all their data, at scale — unleashing the potential of businesses and people. The Elastic Search AI Platform, used by more than 50% of the Fortune 500, brings together the precision of search and the intelligence of AI to enable everyone to accelerate the results that matter. By taking advantage of all structured and unstructured data — securing and protecting private information more effectively — Elastic’s complete, cloud-based solutions for search, security, and observability help organizations deliver on the promise of AI.</p></div><p>Are you looking to make a real impact and play a meaningful role in the growth of our company?</p>
<p>As a Solutions Architect at Elastic you will serve as a technical authority and trusted advisor to our sales team, customers, partners and community. You will understand and solve our customer’s business issues with the Elastic Stack, engage the regional Elastic community through events and programs, and enable sales through our Partners. A successful SA at Elastic will be focused on excellence; taking the initiative to improve both themselves and the team through continuous learning and questioning the status quo.</p>
<h6>What You Will Be Doing:</h6>
<ul>
<li>Serving as the technical point of contact for your accounts and account managers in your assigned territory.</li>
<li>Developing a deep understanding of customers’ goals and objectives, and articulating how our offerings address their needs.</li>
<li>Creating and owning value based relationships at all levels in customer organizations.</li>
<li>Actively participating in all phases of planning and execution for your territory, from initial discovery to the technical win.</li>
<li>Developing and maintaining a deep understanding of the Elastic products and solutions to demonstrate the value of our offerings in sales meetings, and at events such as meetups and conferences.</li>
<li>Advising the sales team on effective ways of positioning Elastic products, solutions and services.</li>
<li>Onboarding, educating and enabling our partners, and supporting them in sales cycles.</li>
<li>Creating collateral, contributing to programs and collaborating with other Elasticians to meet individual client needs.</li>
<li>Being the voice of the customer and community to communicate needs, gaps, and enhancements to our engineering and leadership teams.</li>
<li>Deepening both your sales and technical skills through self driven education while taking advantage of all the professional development opportunities provided by Elastic.</li>
</ul>
<h6>What You Bring Along:</h6>
<ul>
<li>A track record of success in a technical presales role within the Enterprise Sector -- enough experience selling and implementing technology to earn your customer’s trust.</li>
<li>A demonstrable ability to articulate and sell the benefits of modern platforms, software and technologies.</li>
<li>A real passion for being curious and a continuous learner. You are someone that invests in yourself as much as you invest in your professional relationships.</li>
<li>A history of successful customer relations where you developed an understanding of what made a difference, and devised architectures that helped meet a goal, tackle a problem, or outpace competitors.</li>
<li>An ability to influence. Have you more than once convinced a team you worked for, of an idea, technology, or architectural pattern?</li>
<li>The ability to inspire groups, both large and small.</li>
<li>A willingness to travel 30% within region, as well as occasionally internationally.</li>
</ul>
<h6>Why Elastic?</h6>
<p>“Once I started, I was blown away to realize, what was always so obvious, everything is search. Anything you do with data involves search, every app needs search, even analytics are about search. Daily I am blown away with the types of things our users and customers are doing with search.” Director of Product, Elastic.</p>
<h6>Why this team?</h6>
<p>“We question the status quo, debate the best ways to accomplish our goals and hold ourselves and our teams to the highest standards of performance. We take pride in our ability to understand our customers needs and make recommendations that are based on extensive global experience across multiple use cases. We learn from our mistakes and losses and celebrate our successes with an eye towards constant improvement. Join this team if you are up for a compassionate, understanding and fair environment where you can really grow into the next phase of your career.” VP WW Solution Architecture, Elastic</p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">#LI-PF1</span></p><div class="content-conclusion"><h2><strong>Additional Information - We Take Care of Our People</strong></h2>
<p>As a distributed company, diversity drives our identity. Whether you’re looking to launch a new career or grow an existing one, Elastic is the type of company where you can balance great work with great life. Your age is only a number. It doesn’t matter if you’re just out of college or your children are; we need you for what you can do.</p>
<p>We strive to have parity of benefits across regions and while regulations differ from place to place, we believe taking care of our people is the right thing to do.</p>
<ul>
<li>Competitive pay based on the work you do here and not your previous salary</li>
<li>Health coverage for you and your family in many locations</li>
<li>Ability to craft your calendar with flexible locations and schedules for many roles</li>
<li>Generous number of vacation days each year</li>
<li>Increase your impact - We match up to $2000 (or local currency equivalent) for financial donations and service</li>
<li>Up to 40 hours each year to use toward volunteer projects you love</li>
<li>Embracing parenthood with minimum of 16 weeks of parental leave</li>
</ul>
<p>Different people approach problems differently. We need that. Elastic is an equal opportunity employer and is committed to creating an inclusive culture that celebrates different perspectives, experiences, and backgrounds. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, ethnicity, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender perception or identity, national origin, age, marital status, protected veteran status, disability status, or any other basis protected by federal, state or local law, ordinance or regulation.</p>
<p>We welcome individuals with disabilities and strive to create an accessible and inclusive experience for all individuals. To request an accommodation during the application or the recruiting process, please email <a href="mailto:candidate\_accessibility@elastic.co" target="\_blank">candidate\_accessibility@elastic.co</a><span class="gmail\_default">.</span>&nbsp;We will reply to your request within 24 business hours of submission.</p>
<p><span style="color: #000000;">Applicants have rights under Federal Employment Laws, view posters linked below:</span> <a href="https://www.dol.gov/sites/dolgov/files/WHD/legacy/files/fmlaen.pdf" target="\_blank">Family and Medical Leave Act (FMLA)</a> <span style="color: #000000;">Poster;</span><span style="color: #000000;">&nbsp;<a href="https://www.dol.gov/sites/dolgov/files/ofccp/pdf/pay-transp\_%20English\_formattedESQA508c.pdf" target="\_blank">Pay Transparency Nondiscrimination Provision</a> Poster; </span><a href="https://www.dol.gov/sites/dolgov/files/WHD/legacy/files/eppabw.pdf" target="\_blank">Employee Polygraph Protection Act (EPPA)</a> <span style="color: #000000;">Poster and <a href="https://www.dol.gov/sites/dolgov/files/OFCCP/regs/compliance/posters/pdf/22-088\_EEOC\_KnowYourRights.pdf" target="\_blank">Know Your Rights</a> (Poster)</span></p>
<p><span style="color: #000000;">Elasticsearch develops and distributes technology and information that is subject to U.S. and other countries’ export controls and licensing requirements for individuals who are located in or are nationals of the following sanctioned countries and regions: Belarus, Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Syria, or Russia, including the Ukrainian territories annexed by Russia (The Crimea region of Ukraine, The Donetsk People's Republic (DNR), The Luhansk People's Republic (LNR), Kherson or Zaporizhzhia). If you are located in or are a national of one of the listed countries or regions, an export license may be required as a condition of your employment in this role. Please note that national origin and/or nationality do not affect eligibility for employment with Elastic.</span></p>
<p>Please see&nbsp;<a href="https://www.elastic.co/legal/applicant-privacy-statement" target="\_blank" data-saferedirecturl="https://www.google.com/url?q=https://www.elastic.co/legal/applicant-privacy-statement&amp;source=gmail&amp;ust=1611068262479000&amp;usg=AFQjCNG3orAPk5sJIr9WVm0ZDxYw82c5DA">here</a>&nbsp;for our Privacy Statement.</p></div>