<p>
  <strong>Headquarters:</strong> Madrid,Remote EURO,Remote US
</p>

<p><strong>Who we are</strong></p><p>Established in 2010, Ultralytics boasts a global presence with over 100,000 organizations worldwide using Ultralytics YOLO. At Ultralytics, we commit to the relentless innovation in the AI space and seek team members who resonate with our ambition to democratize the power of AI and make it accessible and available to all.&nbsp;</p><p>Our vision is to create a future where every person, regardless of means or background, has equal access to transformative AI, enabling them to seize opportunities and shape their own path. Aware that our time is finite, we strive to make a lasting impact that benefits future generations.</p><strong>How we work</strong><br><br><p>At Ultralytics, we thrive on an exciting, fast-paced journey of innovation and excellence. Our high standards inspire a level of commitment that often extends beyond the typical workday, including occasional evenings and weekends. This role is designed for extraordinary individuals who are passionate about making an impact in a dynamic start up environment and ready to contribute their best to drive our ambitious vision forward. If you’re eager to push boundaries and be at the forefront of AI advancement, we’d love to connect with you.</p><p><strong>What You'll Do</strong></p><p>We are seeking an experienced and motivated AI Product Manager to join our dynamic team. The &nbsp;AI Product Manager will be responsible for the entire product lifecycle, from ideation to launch, and beyond. This role requires close collaboration with our Yolo team, marketing, and sales teams to ensure that our products meet the needs of our customers and align with the company’s business goals.</p><p>Key responsibilities include:</p><p>Product Strategy and Vision:</p><ul><li><p>Work together with the CEO/CTO to bring the vision into executable tasks.</p></li><li><p>Identify market opportunities, conduct market research, and understand customer needs to develop a product roadmap.</p></li><li><p>Create and maintain a product backlog, prioritizing features based on business and customer impact.</p></li><li><p>Engage with the Growth department to analyze performance data to make informed decisions.</p></li></ul><p>Stakeholder Management:</p><ul><li><p>Collaborate with cross-functional teams, including marketing, sales, and support, to ensure successful product launches and user adoption.</p></li><li><p>Act as the primary point of contact for internal and external stakeholders regarding product features, updates, and roadmap.</p></li><li><p>Present product updates and strategy to senior management and key stakeholders.</p></li></ul><p>Performance and Analytics:</p><ul><li><p>Define together with the CEO/CTO key performance indicators (KPIs) for the product and monitor performance against these metrics.</p></li><li><p>Analyze data to make informed decisions on product enhancements, pivots, or discontinuations.</p></li><li><p>Gather and prioritize customer feedback to continually improve the product.</p></li></ul><p>Market and Competitor Analysis:</p><ul><li><p>Stay informed about industry trends, competitive products, and emerging technologies.</p></li><li><p>Conduct competitive analysis to identify areas of opportunity or risk.</p></li><li><p>Develop and maintain a deep understanding of the target market and user personas.</p></li></ul><p>Preferred skill set</p><ul><li><p>Bachelor degree &nbsp;in Business, Computer Science, Engineering, or a related field</p></li><li><p>3-5 years of experience in product management, preferably in Computer Vision</p></li><li><p>Proven track record of managing all aspects of a successful product throughout its lifecycle.</p></li><li><p>Experience with open-source projects</p></li><li><p>Experience with Agile development methodologies and tools (e.g., Jira, Confluence).</p></li><li><p>Strong leadership and communication skills, with the ability to influence and collaborate with cross-functional teams.</p></li><li><p>Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills, with a data-driven approach to decision-making.</p></li><li><p>Ability to prioritize tasks and manage time effectively in a fast-paced environment.</p></li><li><p>Ability to work in a fast-paced, dynamic environment and adapt to changing priorities.</p></li></ul><p><strong>Cutting-Edge-next generation AI computer vision technology:</strong> contribute to building cutting edge computer vision AI models based on the YOLO framework.</p><p><strong>Impactful Work:</strong> Shape the future of AI-powered solutions that transform industries.</p><p><strong>Collaborative Culture:</strong> Join a talented and passionate team that values open communication and innovation.</p><p><strong>Compensation and Benefits</strong></p><ul><li><p>Competitive salary, depending on experience and location</p></li><li><p>Time Off:&nbsp;24 days paid vacation, your birthday off, plus local holidays</p></li><li><p>Home set up Allowance ($550)</p></li><li><p>A&nbsp;MacBook Air&nbsp;as your work device</p></li><li><p>Flexible work environment with hybrid and remote options</p></li></ul>The candidate must be eligible to work as an independent contractor in their home country (handbook for more detail)

<p><strong>To apply:</strong> <a href="https://weworkremotely.com/remote-jobs/ultralytics-computer-vision-product-manager">https://weworkremotely.com/remote-jobs/ultralytics-computer-vision-product-manager</a></p>