Our firm’s name says a lot. Simply put, BlueCloud enables enterprises to transform to cloud. As a Cloud-Only / Cloud-Forward transformation company, we help organizations to enable and speed their journey to cloud.

BlueCloud was founded in 2004 within the Data & Analytics space and has constantly evolved. Now, BlueCloud recognizes the cloud-only nature of our digital transformation company which specializes solely in implementing leading cloud technologies and solutions for our clients.

BlueCloud’s innovative approaches and tailored solutions designed to meet our customers’ unique requirements are the core components of our service offerings. With a balanced view of strategy, people, process and technology, we work with companies to understand their specific business needs to develop and implement practical business strategies and technology solutions.

By leveraging our strategic partnerships with cloud superpowers such as Microsoft Azure, Google Cloud, AWS, Snowflake & ThoughtSpot, BlueCloud continues to highlight the opportunity set at hand for cloud migration, often consulting on cloud strategies and subsequently performing the implementation. With our extensive experience in digital-focused services, BlueCloud is well-positioned to help our customers take advantage of the upcoming cloud-centric investment cycle.

We are looking for someone who is experienced in building lasting relationships and is passionate about making meaningful contributions to our team. Don't be mistaken, this is a challenging career path but also highly rewarding. Are you up for the challenge? If so, stop reading and start applying.