<p>Work with HelloFresh in Warsaw and its HelloTech organisation, HelloFresh’s global technology backbone with more than 1000 people, building the digital products that power our end-to-end food experience. From meal kits and ready-to-eat meals to specialty offerings like pet food and premium meat &amp; seafood, HelloTech creates the platforms that bring tailored food solutions to millions of customers every month.</p>
<p>Our subscription-based, direct-to-consumer model relies on technology at every step, from customer-facing apps and personalization logic to pricing, forecasting, supply chain optimization, and initiatives that help reduce food waste. While our brands operate independently to serve distinct customer needs, they are united by shared platforms, data, and operational excellence built by HelloTech.</p>
<p>HelloTech works in autonomous, cross-functional alliances, each owning a specific product or domain end to end. By working with our Warsaw office, you will help shape scalable, data-driven products used across our markets, working with a modern tech stack and international teams to continuously improve how people discover, order, and enjoy HelloFresh’s products, today and in the future.</p>
<h2><strong>About the role: What's in the Box</strong></h2>
<p data-path-to-node="4">Are you ready to drive a huge business impact? As a Senior Data Scientist for AdTech Search Optimization, you will be responsible for maximizing the performance of the Search channels. This work will be crucial to increase return on investment for the marketing budget. Hence, the services provided will have a direct impact on the company’s goals to drive and increase marketing efficiency.</p>
<p data-path-to-node="5">In this capacity, the service provider will design and implement statistical and machine learning models which take into account various data sources, from internal conversion data to external ads platform data.</p>
<p data-path-to-node="6">To succeed in this project, the provider will be a curious, fast learner, who relentlessly prioritizes problem statements and tailors solutions accordingly. Success involves suggesting multiple solutions based on professional experience and prioritizing tasks based on effort and likely impact.</p>
<h2><strong>What you’ll do: The Recipe</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Collaborate as an integral part of an amazing and fun team consisting of highly skilled data scientists and engineers.</li>
<li>Collaborate closely within cross-functional teams (engineering, product, marketing) to translate business objectives into concrete, data-driven strategies.</li>
<li>Take responsibility for the delivery and execution of scientific optimization models and algorithms, from data collection to operationalization, and closely align them with non-technical stakeholders.</li>
<li>Experiment and explore opportunities to constantly improve and refine technical approaches.</li>
<li>Leverage statistical analysis and machine learning algorithms in development and production to enhance incrementality measurement solutions.</li>
<li>Think out of the box to come up with new ways to improve the data products delivered to stakeholders.</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>What you’ll bring: The Ingredients </strong></h2>
<ul data-path-to-node="8">
<li>Proven track record of scientific work in your Bachelors, Masters or PhD in statistics, physics, economics, mathematics, data science or similar.</li>
<li>Long-term (3+ yrs) work experience as a (senior) data scientist, preferably in an e-commerce environment&nbsp;</li>
<li>Strong marketing domain knowledge as well as experience with in the Google Search ecosystem and attribution models are a huge plus</li>
<li>In-depth knowledge how to interpret experiment results, how to handle statistical uncertainties and how to apply statistical models such as regressors and classifiers</li>
<li>Experience with forecasting algorithms, portfolio optimization approaches, as well as Vector Autoregression</li>
<li>Fluency and long-term experience in Python, including high familiarity with its scientific stack such as Numpy, Pandas, Scikit-learn, Matplotlib, etc. (experience in Databricks is a plus)</li>
<li>Ability to retrieve (using SQL), manipulate and analyse large, heterogeneous datasets and build data pipelines</li>
<li>Familiarity with software development practices and tools (Git, Docker, AWS)</li>
<li>You love to learn, are a critical thinker and creative problem solver who strives for excellence</li>
<li>You are a team player who loves to collaborate and work with stakeholders from different backgrounds in an international environment</li>
<li>Exceptional communication and collaboration capabilities.</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>What we offer: The Toppings</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li><strong>Global collaboration at scale:</strong> Collaborate with experienced engineers and product partners across HelloTech’s international teams, in a culture of active knowledge sharing.</li>
<li><strong>Technology with real-world impact:</strong> Build and operate modern systems at global scale, supporting 6+ millions of customers and complex supply chain operations.</li>
<li><strong>Technical/Product/Design leadership:</strong> Drive best practices and influence architecture/design, quality, and ways of working in an autonomous, product-led setup.</li>
<li><strong>End-to-end development/delivery:</strong> Drive decisions from problem definition to production, improving systems and enabling long-term scalability.</li>
<li><strong>Access to workspace at Warsaw Centre Point.</strong> The hub offers modern facilities including showers, breakout zones, outdoor space, cycle parking, and refreshments (coffee, soft drinks, and fruit).</li>
</ul>
<p>Are you the missing ingredient? If this sounds like a tasty opportunity, we’d be excited to hear from you.&nbsp; We aim to review your profile and respond within 5 business days.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>#Data</p>