<p>At JetBrains, code is our passion. Ever since we started back in 2000, we have strived to make the strongest, most effective developer tools on earth. By automating routine checks and corrections, our tools speed up production, freeing developers to grow, discover, and create.</p>
<p>We are currently looking for an experienced Project Manager to join our team and work with different departments to execute company-wide projects. This is an excellent opportunity to learn about many aspects of the software industry and how tech companies operate.&nbsp;</p>
<h3><strong>In this role, you will:&nbsp;</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Collaborate with cross-functional teams and multiple corporate departments to define project goals, scope, and deliverables.</li>
<li>Develop detailed project plans and timelines and allocate resources accordingly.</li>
<li>Identify project risks and develop mitigation strategies.</li>
<li>Establish strong relationships with internal stakeholders to ensure effective communication and aligned project goals.</li>
<li>Regularly communicate project status, risks, and opportunities to key stakeholders and team members.</li>
<li>Continuously improve project management processes and best practices within the team.</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>We will be happy to have you on our team if you have:&nbsp;</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>A proven track record of developing team growth and delivering successful results.</li>
<li>7+&nbsp; years of experience in project or program management</li>
<li>The ability to manage multiple projects simultaneously and prioritize tasks effectively within cross-functional teams.</li>
<li>The ability to deal with context switching.</li>
<li>Strong negotiation and facilitation skills.</li>
<li>Excellent communication skills in English, both written and verbal.</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>Why join JetBrains?&nbsp;</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Strong base salary. We offer competitive pay that reflects your skills and experience.</li>
<li>Flexible work location. Enjoy the freedom to work from home or from the office.</li>
<li>Remote work. Spend up to 30 days per year working remotely from abroad.</li>
<li>Extra time off. More days to relax, recharge, and do the things you love.</li>
<li>Medical insurance allowance. Enjoy peace of mind for you and your family</li>
<li>Learning and development opportunities. Access to conferences, courses, and language classes.</li>
<li>Language classes. Pick up the local language or sharpen your English skills.</li>
<li>Fuel your day. Enjoy a hot meal or receive a lunch allowance on workdays.</li>
<li>Mental health support. To help you feel your best, we provide easy access to professional mental health services.</li>
<li>Sports benefit. Enjoy an on-site gym or sports club stipend.</li>
<li>Internal events. Join company-wide celebrations and team gatherings.</li>
</ul>
<p>\*Some benefits may vary depending on location.</p>
<p><span style="color: rgb(255, 255, 255);">#LI-KL1</span></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><br><br></p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>We are an equal opportunity employer</strong><br><br>We know great ideas can come from anyone, anywhere. That’s why we do our best to create an open and inclusive workplace – one that welcomes everyone regardless of their background, identity, religion, age, accessibility needs, or orientation.</p>
<p><em data-stringify-type="italic">We process the data provided in your job application in accordance with the <a href="https://www.jetbrains.com/legal/docs/privacy/privacy-recruitment/">Recruitment Privacy Policy.</a></em></p></div>