**Our mission and customers:** We are creating the freedom for SMEs to succeed by delivering Europe's leading finance workspace with banking at its core, augmented by financial tools. We are proud to be [***rated 4.8 on Trustpilot***](https://www.trustpilot.com/review/qonto.com)***[,](https://www.trustpilot.com/review/qonto.com)***based on 55,000+ reviews. [***Our culture***](https://qonto.com/en/careers/culture)puts customer satisfaction at the core of what we do, as proven by our Net Promoter Score of 75.

**Our journey:**Founded in 2017 by[***Alexandre***](https://www.linkedin.com/in/aprot/) and [***Steve***](https://www.linkedin.com/in/steveanavi/)***,*** Qonto has grown to 1,600+ Qontoers serving over 600,000+ customers across 8 European countries. We have been profitable since 2023, and we are just getting started.

**Our beliefs:** We hire for skills and potential. With 80+ nationalities, 45% women, of which 56% of women in our leadership team, diversity isn't a program; It's who we are. [***We've built a discrimination-free hiring process***](https://medium.com/qonto-way/a-recruiters-dilemma-confronting-bias-in-hiring-b78acce148eb) because the best teams are built on merit.

**AI at Qonto:** AI is deeply embedded in how we work (**[*here*](https://medium.com/qonto-way/ai-at-qonto-vision-statement-725a7e2f659b)**)*-* Every Qontoer gets unlimited access to the best AI tools. We want people who experiment without waiting for permission, push AI beyond the obvious, know when to trust it, and when to question it.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Join us as a **Website/Growth Product Manager** to drive conversion optimization on [qonto.com](http://qonto.com), our primary acquisition channel serving 600,000+ customers.

As a **Website/Growth Product Manager**, you will drive the product strategy for our website, identify market needs, and collaborate on feature prioritization. With our operations spanning eight markets - **France, Italy, Spain, Germany, Netherlands, Belgium, Portugal, and Austria** - the scope for your creativity and impact is significant.

Your main goal is to boost conversion rates by creating a best-in-class website. You will join the Growth & Acquisition team, working closely with full-stack developers, designers, SEO, content, international teams, and other key functions.

👩‍💻🧑‍💻 **As a Website/Growth Product Manager at Qonto, you will:**

• **Contribute to driving the product strategy and increasing Qonto’s website's overall conversion:** through started registrations, generated leads for sales, or new sources of leads.

• **Collaborate** with the website stakeholders (local markets, SEO team, content team, Product Marketing team, legal team) to build expertise on their markets, align the product and the business strategy, and drive conversion.

• **Build knowledge:** At Qonto, learning is one of our core values. You will be in charge of building expertise in your product area, by combining user research, analytics, and market analysis.

• **Drive Value Analysis:** We are looking for Product Managers who are obsessed with delivering value to our users, by articulating complex problems, setting a compelling vision, and driving the outcome.

• **Steer Value Engineering:** You will work on a daily basis with growth engineers (i.e. full stack developers), brand designers, and other teams to conceive, design, and develop market-leading products that fit our users' needs and increase conversion.

**🤔 What you can expect:**

• Contribute to the growth of o**ne of Europe's top scale-ups/unicorns**.

• Work on the Qonto Website, which is **our number 1 source for new leads.**

• Help **drive the Qonto Product** in the highly competitive, fast-paced, and **innovative fintech industry.**

• Be **challenged, learn, and improve** your ways of working every day

**🤝 Your future Manager:**

[Bamby](https://www.linkedin.com/in/bamby-combaluzier-991b75b/) is a seasoned product leader with nearly 20 years building digital experiences. She was employee #6 at Virtuo (App of the Year by Apple), first product hire at Qiara, and recently founded an AI travel startup. Her career spans marketing to Chief Product Officer roles across automotive, mobility, home security, and fintech.

**🏅About You:**

• **Experience**: You **have 6+ years of experience** of product management experience with a strong growth mindset, ideally in B2B SaaS or FinTech environments where you've driven measurable business outcomes;

•**Growth-oriented**: You're a thought leader with a strong growth mindset and a passion for market research & analysis, customer journey & funnel optimization, competitive teardown, acquisition strategy, product vision, CRO, etc;

•**Mastery:** Proficiency in tools like Google Analytics, Amplitude, Content Square, and AB testing tools. Experience with Kanban and/or lean management methods;

• **User-centric**: You empathize with users and have an eye for UX details to create delightful and smooth experiences;

• **Analytical mindset:** you know how to gather and turn data into actionable insights and then action plans;

• **Team player and communication**: You can work strategically and collaboratively with other departments. You’re recognized for excellent communication skills across teams;

• **Project management:** You're well-organized and can define targets, milestones, and deadlines for complex projects, and follow up on delivery and impact;

• **Languages**: You speak English fluently. French, Italian, Spanish, German or Dutch is a plus.

*At Qonto we understand that true diversity isn't just about ticking boxes on a hiring checklist. Apply regardless of the boxes you tick! Who knows? You may have the missing piece of the puzzle we've been searching for all along.*

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

On average, **our hiring process lasts** **20 working days****.** More information on our candidate journey ***[here](https://qonto.com/en/careers/candidate-journey)***

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

**🔒 Your security matters to us**

Recruitment scams are on the rise. Keep in mind, we will never work with third-party platforms or agencies that request payment from candidates.

If you receive a suspicious message claiming to be from Qonto, please report it right away ([support@qonto.com](mailto:support@qonto.com))