<div class="content-intro"><p><strong>Secure Every Identity, from AI to Human<br><br></strong>Identity is the key to unlocking the potential of AI. Okta secures AI by building the trusted, neutral infrastructure that enables organizations to safely embrace this new era. This work requires a relentless drive to solve complex challenges with real-world stakes. We are looking for builders and owners who operate with speed and urgency and execute with excellence.<br><br>This is an opportunity to do career-defining work. We're all in on this mission. If you are too, let's talk.</p></div><p><strong>The Overview&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>At Okta, we're building a world where anyone can safely use any technology, and, within Okta Platform R&amp;D, we're specifically focused on protecting the future of work. We bring simple and secure access to people and organizations everywhere, promising to not only protect the identities of our customers' workforce and users, but to ask, “what more can we make possible?”</p>
<p>As a Principal Product Designer for Okta, you’ll work with a globally distributed design team to build the forward-looking vision for Okta’s entire suite of services. You will shape a culture that deeply appreciates our customers and how to best serve them. Your work will go deep at times, but you’ll also be constantly seeking opportunities to connect journeys, experiences and teams horizontally across the Okta Platform suite. You notice the details and deeply understand how the product works. Ensuring that using our products together creates an experience that is “greater than the sum of its parts” will be critical to Okta’s success in the coming years.</p>
<p><strong>&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p><strong>The Finer Print&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>This role will be focused on the UX strategy for several products and pillars within the Okta Platform. Designers will be embedded within product pillars and working alongside engineering and product teams. You’ll bring this strategy to life through explorations, prototypes, and other design artifacts that foster clarity across groups and teams. In addition, you’ll be an effective collaborator and communicator – elevating the voice of design across functions and pillars. Finally, you’ll play a key part in elevating the design practice at Okta, both in terms of craft and team culture.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>In this role, you have the opportunity to:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Lead a holistic, human-centered approach to design, especially when designing for AI-powered features and intelligent systems.</li>
<li>Guide and oversee the UX strategy alongside cross-functional partners, collaborating to take products from concept to launch and define the long-term strategy for your product area.</li>
<li>Design and facilitate co-creation workshops with Product Management, Engineering, and Design to define opportunities within our products to solve valuable customer problems.</li>
<li>Explore and design AI-powered solutions to simplify complex user workflows, enhance security through intelligent detection, and provide personalized user assistance.</li>
<li>Leverage generative AI and other AI-powered tools to accelerate the design process, from ideation and content generation to prototyping and user flow analysis.</li>
<li>Craft user-centered artifacts and end-to-end journeys to align teams contributing to Okta’s Platform R&amp;D around the broader user experience.</li>
<li>Collaborate with other Okta designers to ensure consistency across interface experiences ensuring trust and transparency in all AI-driven interactions.</li>
<li>Inspire teams to think bigger and act smaller, instilling an iterative process and fail-forward mentality to design simple and delightful user interfaces for new and existing Okta products.</li>
<li>Advocate, mentor, and educate on the benefits of design thinking to product teams and new designers alike; partnering with UX team members to uphold our principles and standards.</li>
<li>Mentor fellow designers and contribute toward team-level and design practice and process improvements, including the ethical application of AI in design.</li>
<li>Work with Design Leadership to define and drive the frameworks, contracts, and standards for others to be able to then build on top of and add value to, ensuring the quality of UX delivery.</li>
<li>Find creative ways to continuously learn from customers and users; collaborating with user researchers to research and synthesize user needs to help conceive, define, test, and evolve solutions for our users across a range of mediums and experiences; Advocate for users and deliver user and customer outcomes in a dynamic work environment.</li>
<li>Help product designers become data aware to illustrate a clear understanding of how their designs impact customers,&nbsp; including the ones around adoption and effectiveness of AI-driven features.</li>
<li>Present work, concepts, and new ideas to cross-functional team members, adjacent teams, and senior leadership; working to distill complex technical problems into clear, conceptual models and simple, elegant solutions.</li>
<li>Keep abreast of competitor products and industry trends; with a keen eye on advancements in AI trends and their application to identity and security domain.</li>
</ul>
<h2>&nbsp;</h2>
<p><strong>Who We Are Looking For</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>You have experience leading cross-discipline teams and exemplify leadership.</li>
<li>You are passionate about solving complex problems, crafting and sharing product and design UX principles to help teams deliver cohesive user experiences.</li>
<li>You are a thought leader, undertaking explorations into new technologies and territories, including AI, machine learning, and their applications in identity and security.</li>
<li>You bring an AI first mindset, demonstrated by practical experience using various AI tools in your daily design workflow to enhance creativity and efficiency. You constantly seek opportunities to apply intelligent automation and data-driven insights while championing design for trust, explainability, and ethical considerations.</li>
<li>You are great at collaborating, sharing work early and often, and seeking constructive feedback from peers and stakeholders.</li>
<li>You have the heart of a teacher and can help mentor and train people. You build and share empathy with people to deeply understand them and their needs.</li>
<li>You see design as a partner in shaping strategic and operational product and UX outcomes; comfortable owning all stages of design for multiple teams within a given product area.</li>
<li>You bring a systems-thinking lens to the conversation.</li>
<li>You are passionate about supporting teams with a wide variety of experience, backgrounds, and interests.</li>
<li>Your portfolio will show that you've worked on complex and/or technical projects across all aspects of the design process (conceptual design, interaction design, information architecture, and visual design).</li>
<li>You are adept at working in a diverse, globally distributed team and have experience with remote collaboration tools.</li>
</ul>
<h2>&nbsp;</h2>
<p><strong>Qualifications:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>12+ years of product design experience on complex B2B enterprise products, with demonstrated ownership of the end-to-end design process—from discovery to delivery—across multiple product areas.</li>
<li>Demonstrated proficiency in leveraging AI-powered design tools and plugins within your workflow (e.g., for generating design assets, data, or exploring layout variations).</li>
<li>Possesses at least a basic understanding of HTML/CSS/JavaScript.</li>
<li>Proven experience integrating AI tools into your day-to-day design activities to solve practical design challenges.</li>
<li>Can provide a digital portfolio that showcases solid skills across a variety of projects, including work that has been seen and used successfully in actual products. (Portfolio link required when applying.)</li>
</ul>
<p>P24628\_3377318</p>
<ul>
<li>#LI\_Hybrid</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong><br>The Okta Experience</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><a href="http://rewards.okta.com">Supporting Your Well-Being</a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="https://www.okta.com/company/okta-for-good/">Driving Social Impact&nbsp;</a></li>
<li><a href="https://www.okta.com/company/talent-connection-community/">Developing Talent and Fostering Connection + Community</a></li>
</ul>
<p>We are intentional about connection. Our global community, spanning over 20 offices worldwide, is united by a drive to innovate. Your journey begins with an immersive, in-person onboarding experience designed to accelerate your impact and connect you to our mission and team from day one.<br><br>Okta is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, marital status, age, physical or mental disability, or status as a protected veteran. We also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and convictions records, consistent with applicable laws.<br><br>If reasonable accommodation is needed to complete any part of the job application, interview process, or onboarding please&nbsp;<a href="https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1EfiEYZrIyhA2X4Fijk0R3RKYOzNoS3wtvyM4nhbZnXE/edit">use this Form</a> to request an accommodation.<br><br>Notice for New York City Applicants &amp; Employees: Okta may use Automated Employment Decision Tools (AEDT), as defined by New York City Local Law 144, that use artificial intelligence, machine learning, or other automated processes to assist in our recruitment and hiring process. In accordance with NYC Local Law 144, if you are an applicant or employee residing in New York City, please&nbsp;<a href="https://talent.okta.com/new-york-city-aedt-notice.html">click here</a> to view our full NYC AEDT Notice.<br><br>Okta is committed to complying with applicable data privacy and security laws and regulations. For more information, please see our Personnel and Job Candidate Privacy Notice at&nbsp;<a href="https://www.okta.com/legal/personnel-policy/">https://www.okta.com/legal/personnel-policy/</a>.</p></div>