<div class="content-intro"><p>Fastly helps people stay better connected with the things they love. Fastly’s edge cloud platform enables customers to create great digital experiences quickly, securely, and reliably by processing, serving, and securing our customers’ applications as close to their end-users as possible — at the edge of the Internet. The platform is designed to take advantage of the modern internet, to be programmable, and to support agile software development. Fastly’s customers include many of the world’s most prominent companies, including GitHub, Yelp, Paramount, and JetBlue.</p>
<p>We're building a more trustworthy Internet. Come join us.</p></div><p><strong><strong>Senior Channel Sales Engineer - Asia &amp; ANZ</strong></strong></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>The Senior Channel Sales Engineer is a technical professional who plays a key role in driving partner-led growth and adoption. You will serve as the technical bridge between Fastly and our ecosystem of value added resellers, system integrators, distributors, and strategic alliances. In this role, you will lead pre-sales discovery, design custom solutions, enable technical teams at partner organizations, and act as a trusted advisor across the full partner lifecycle. You will collaborate closely with Sales, Product, and GTM teams, empowering partners to independently position, implement, and scale Fastly solutions.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong><strong>What You'll Do</strong></strong></p>
<ul>
<li>
<p>Partner closely with strategic partners to design and deliver tailored solutions aligned to their business and technical priorities, leveraging Fastly’s platform.<br>&nbsp;</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Lead the development and execution of partner technical enablement programs, including:</p>
<ul>
<li>
<p>Instructor-led bootcamps and hands-on workshops</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Technical certification and accreditation programs</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Joint solution development and service co-creation initiatives<br>&nbsp;</p>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>
<p>Drive solution discovery, architectural design, and proposal development in collaboration with partners to address customer use cases.<br>&nbsp;</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Deliver compelling solution demonstrations, technical presentations, and proof-of-value engagements to support partner-led sales cycles.<br>&nbsp;</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Identify, qualify, and advance partner-led and partner-influenced opportunities, contributing to pipeline growth and revenue outcomes.<br>&nbsp;</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Act as a trusted technical advocate for Fastly, building strong mindshare and positioning within partner organizations.<br>&nbsp;</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Provide actionable product and market feedback from partners and customers to Product Management and Engineering.<br>&nbsp;</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Collaborate cross-functionally with Account Executives, Sales Engineers, and Enterprise Architects to drive effective co-selling and joint customer success.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong><strong>What We're Looking For</strong></strong></p>
<ul>
<li>
<p>Bachelor's degree in information systems or related areas, or demonstration of equivalent knowledge such as technical certifications such as CISSP, AWS Cloud Practitioner, Microsoft Azure Fundamentals, Google Cloud Security Engineer, etc.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>
<p>8+ years in a partner-facing or customer-facing technical role (Sales Engineer, Channel Sales Engineer, Technical Account Manager or similar), with a proven record of hands-on experience at pre-sales and post-sales.<br>&nbsp;</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Proven track record in driving revenue growth with new and existing partners.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>
<p>Proven ability to influence business and technical stakeholders with partners.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>
<p>Skilled at delivering technical demos and communicating complex concepts clearly.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>
<p>Good knowledge of CDN technologies, particularly streaming.&nbsp;</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>
<p>Knowledge of application security technologies such as WAF, API Security, bot Security is preferred.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>
<p>Proficiency in a scripting language (e.g., Python, Ruby, Perl, PHP, or VCL).</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>
<p>Excellent written and verbal communication skills.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>
<p>Curiosity and openness to new technologies and ways of working.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>
<p>Willingness to travel up to 50% across Asia and Australia New Zealand.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong><strong>Work Hours</strong></strong></p>
<ul>
<li>
<p>This position will require you to be available during core business hours.&nbsp;</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong><strong>Work Location(s) &amp; Travel Requirements:</strong></strong></p>
<p>This position is open to the following locations only:</p>
<ul>
<li>
<p>Singapore</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>This position will require travel as required by your role or requested by your manager. </strong></p>
<p><strong>Benefits</strong></p>
<p>We care about you. Fastly works hard to create a positive environment for our employees, and we think your life outside of work is important too. We support our teams with great benefits that start on the first day of your employment with Fastly. Curious about our offerings?&nbsp;</p>
<p>We offer a comprehensive benefits package designed to meet your needs. Our offerings may vary depending on the country where you work and are subject to change.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>Why Fastly?</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>
<p><strong>We have a huge impact.</strong>&nbsp;Fastly is a small company with a big reach. Not only do<a class="external-link" href="https://www.fastly.com/customers" target="\_blank">&nbsp;our customers</a>&nbsp;have a tremendous user base, but we also support a growing number of<a class="external-link" href="https://www.fastly.com/open-source/" target="\_blank">&nbsp;open source projects and initiatives</a>.&nbsp;Outside of code, employees are encouraged to share causes close to their heart with others so we can help lend a supportive hand.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p><strong>We value diversity.</strong>&nbsp;Growing and maintaining our inclusive and diverse team matters to us. We are committed to being a company where our employees feel comfortable bringing their authentic selves to work and have the ability to be successful -- every day.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p><strong>We are passionate.</strong>&nbsp;Fastly is chock full of passionate people and we’re not ‘one size fits all’. Fastly employs authors, pilots, skiers, parents (of humans and animals), makeup geeks, coffee connoisseurs, and more. We love employees for who they are and what they are passionate about.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>We’re always looking for humble, sharp, and creative folks to join the Fastly team. If you think you might be a fit please apply!</strong><strong> A fully completed application and resume or CV are required when applying.</strong></p>
<p><em>All job applications must be submitted through our official careers site at </em><a href="http://www.fastly.com/careers"><em>www.fastly.com/about/careers</em></a><em>. We will never request sensitive information, such as your Social Security number, bank account or credit card information during the application process. All official communication will come from an @</em><a href="http://fastly.com"><em>fastly.com</em></a><em> or @</em><a href="http://recruiting.fastly.com"><em>recruiting.fastly.com</em></a><em> email address. </em></p>
<p><em><span style="font-weight: 400;">Fastly is committed to ensuring equal employment opportunity and to providing employees with a safe and welcoming work environment free of discrimination and harassment. Our employment decisions are based on business needs, job requirements and individual qualifications.</span></em><em><span style="font-weight: 400;"> All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, family or parental status, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances.</span></em></p>
<p><em><span style="font-weight: 400;">Consistent with the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) and federal or state disability laws, Fastly will provide reasonable accommodations for applicants and employees with disabilities. If reasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and/or to receive other benefits and privileges of employment, please contact your Recruiter, or the Fastly Employee Relations team at </span></em><a href="mailto:candidateaccommodations@fastly.com"><em><span style="font-weight: 400;">candidateaccommodations@fastly.com</span></em></a><em><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or 501-287-4901.&nbsp; </span></em></p>
<p><em>Fastly collects and processes personal data submitted by job applicants in accordance with our<a class="external-link" href="https://www.fastly.com/privacy" target="\_blank">&nbsp;Privacy Policy</a>. Please see our<a class="external-link" href="https://www.fastly.com/privacy-job-applicants" target="\_blank">&nbsp;privacy notice for job applicants</a>.</em></p></div>