<div class="content-intro"><p><strong data-stringify-type="bold">Why work at Nebius<br></strong>Nebius is leading a new era in cloud computing to serve the global AI economy. We create the tools and resources our customers need to solve real-world challenges and transform industries, without massive infrastructure costs or the need to build large in-house AI/ML teams. Our employees work at the cutting edge of AI cloud infrastructure alongside some of the most experienced and innovative leaders and engineers in the field.</p>
<p><strong>Where we work<br></strong>Headquartered in Amsterdam and listed on Nasdaq, Nebius has a global footprint with R&amp;D hubs across Europe, North America, and Israel. The team of over 1400 employees includes more than 400 highly skilled engineers with deep expertise across hardware and software engineering, as well as an in-house AI R&amp;D team.</p></div><p><strong>Role Overview</strong><br>The Sales Operations Specialist plays a key role in enabling revenue execution by supporting the end to end deal operations process.&nbsp;The role focuses on ensuring that sales agreements are accurately translated into&nbsp;<br>contracts, billing configurations, and internal systems while maintaining operational accuracy, pricing compliance, and smooth cross-functional coordination. You will handle both routine and non-standard operational cases, collaborating with crossfunctional teams to ensure smooth sales support.</p>
<p><strong>Key Responsibilities</strong><br>- Play a key role in the contracting cycle by ensuring accuracy and compliance across sales requests, contracts, and billing setup.<br>- Support billing processes including mechanics, configurations, and tool management to ensure accurate invoicing.<br>- Review and validate sales requests to make sure contractual terms and billing details are correctly reflected in internal systems.<br>- Handle both routine and non-standard operational cases, providing solutions and escalating issues when needed.<br>- Learn and apply billing cycle processes and configuration basics in Nebius systems.<br>- Support billing accuracy and coordinate with Finance regarding invoice or payment discrepancies.<br>- Assist with sending reminders for overdue or partial payments.<br>- Participate in the NBA Ops Channel on-call rotation under supervision, handling routine cases.<br>- Support preparation of standard payment and operations reports.<br>- Collaborate with Sales, Support, and Finance teams to resolve straightforward client or internal issues.<br>- Ensure proper documentation and smooth communication across teams.<br>- Ensure adherence to pricing guidelines and margin policies when processing sales requests and contracts.<br>- Drive operational follow-ups with internal stakeholders to ensure deals progress without operational blockers.<br>- Identify operational gaps or blockers in deal execution and escalate proactively<br>- Partner closely with Sales teams to ensure operational readiness and smooth deal execution.<br><br><strong>Key Qualifications &amp; Experience</strong><br>Must-have requirements:<br>- Up to 2 years of experience in sales operations, billing, finance, or a related role&nbsp;<br>- Experienced with billing or CRM &amp; ERP tools (e.g., Net.Suite, Salesforse, Hubspot)<br>- Understands the commercial impact of operational decisions, including pricing and&nbsp;margin considerations.<br>- Strong attention to detail and willingness to learn.<br>- Good organizational and communication skills.<br>- Good communication skills in English</p>
<p><strong>Preferred qualifications:</strong><br>- Experience in SaaS or technology companies.<br>- Exposure to contracts, invoices, or payments processes.</p>
<p><strong>Competencies &amp; Behavioral Traits</strong><br>- Demonstrate curiosity and willingness to learn new processes, systems, and tools.<br>- Accurately track data and ensures correctness in billing and payments.<br>- Work effectively with peers and cross-functional teams under guidance.<br>- Take responsibility for assigned tasks and seeks support when needed.<br>- Handle routine cases and adapts to new processes with supervision</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>What we offer</strong>&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>Competitive salary and comprehensive benefits package.</li>
<li>Opportunities for professional growth within Nebius.</li>
<li>Flexible working arrangements.</li>
<li>A dynamic and collaborative work environment that values initiative and innovation.</li>
</ul>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">We’re growing and expanding our products every day. If you’re up to the challenge and are excited about AI and ML as much as we are, join us!</span></p></div>