<p>Do you have a strong passion for either SQL or the broader world of databases? Are you someone who understands the power of data and gets excited about managing teams which deliver best in class products? If you're a skilled Project Manager looking to join a thriving company where you can directly contribute to our growth and connect with a global user base, we'd love to hear from you. Familiarity with database management tools, especially DBeaver, would be a significant advantage.</p>
<p>At DBeaver, our team has a shared vision to integrate data into the routines and decision-making process of every individual. With a dedicated community of over 10 million active users worldwide who constantly inspire us, our open-source approach fuels innovation within. Today, DBeaver is the leading provider of cross-platform enterprise data and database software, and we’re seeking a talented Project Manager to join our R&amp;D. This is an excellent opportunity to make a real impact by leading the team developing innovative data solutions for millions of users worldwide.</p>
<p><strong>Location</strong>: This role can be based remotely in Europe, or hybrid in our offices in Belgrade, Serbia, or Budapest, Hungary.</p>
<p><strong>What You’ll Do:</strong></p>
<p>As a key member of our R&amp;D Team, you will play an important role in the working process of one of our product teams, and contribute to the development and implementation of strategies. Your responsibilities include:</p>
<ul>
<li>Coordinate the work of the development teams, monitor compliance with deadlines and continuously improve processes.</li>
<li>Form and control internal processes in teams: monitor workload, organize and monitor the completion of tasks.</li>
<li>Plan the development and monitor compliance with plans.</li>
<li>Manage and optimize the product release cycle.</li>
<li>Regularly analyze the risks associated with project tasks</li>
<li>Tailoring a project development strategy and adapt it together with the team.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>What You Bring:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Exceptional written and verbal communication skills in English, with a keen eye for detail and nuance.</li>
<li>Proven experience in IT product companies/ SaaS platforms, understanding the nuances of this market.</li>
<li>A solid understanding of SQL and/or database concepts.</li>
<li>The technical background in the role of testing/ development/ analytics.</li>
<li>Strong organizational and time-management skills, with the ability to manage multiple projects simultaneously and meet deadlines.&nbsp;</li>
<li>A proactive and collaborative spirit, with the ability to work effectively within a team as well as independently.</li>
<li>A passion for continuous learning and staying up-to-date with industry best practices and emerging trends.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Strong Plus:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Familiarity and hands-on experience using DBeaver.</li>
<li>Experience working directly with SQL or database-focused companies.</li>
<li>Experience working in developing IT products and SaaS platforms.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Nice-to-Haves:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Introduction to analytics and testing tools.</li>
<li>Using tools like Jira, Slack.</li>
<li>Understanding of basic development planning principles.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>We Use the Following Tools:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Jira</li>
<li>Confluence</li>
<li>Git/Github</li>
<li>Agile/Scrum</li>
<li>Slack</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>About DBeaver:</strong></p>
<p>DBeaver Corporation provides a full-featured data solution that easily adapts to users' needs, from open-source tools, to all-in-one enterprise software. Our mission is to make it possible for all kinds of people and organizations to leverage all kinds of data.&nbsp;&nbsp;</p>
<p>We are committed to creating a diverse and inclusive workplace where everyone feels welcomed and valued. If you looking&nbsp; for opportunity to join a collaborative and supportive team, we invite you to apply today.&nbsp;</p>
<div id="te-floating-button-container"></div>