<h2><strong>Who we are</strong></h2>
<h3><strong>About Stripe</strong></h3>
<p>Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies—from the world’s largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyone’s reach while doing the most important work of your career.</p>
<h3><strong>About the team</strong></h3>
<p>As Stripe’s user base and global footprint grow dramatically, especially as crypto and stablecoins fundamentally change the way money is transferred, Stripe acquired Bridge to leverage its stablecoin infrastructure for global payments. Stablecoins facilitate faster, cheaper, and more efficient transactions than traditional methods, which creates unique compliance challenges.&nbsp;</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>The Bridge Operations strategy provides operational leverage and expands Stripe’s portfolio of operational capabilities to support the scaled needs in this rapidly evolving space. In this role, you develop a deep understanding of Stripe’s user verifications and compliance policies, systems, controls and design mechanisms to deliver process improvements and enhanced customer experience.&nbsp;</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>This role will be part of the Risk Operations organization in Bridge Operations that is accountable for monitoring, investigating, and reporting suspicious activity indicative of money laundering and other financial crimes.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<h3><strong>What you’ll do</strong></h3>
<p>In this role, you will act in a player-coach capacity and will be accountable for supporting 7 Operations Associates. This team is responsible for resolving our users’ most challenging and impactful issues, providing exceptional user experience, and contributing to the overall user satisfaction. To be a fit, you will have a coaching mindset, proven ability to communicate at different levels, a track record of driving operational performance, possess a deep expertise in customer service, and a passion for inspiring a team to deliver an incredible user experience.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Responsibilities</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Guide your team in troubleshooting and solving external user issues</li>
<li>Ongoing management of the operational performance of your team to deliver KPIs</li>
<li>Help scale our operations and improve user experience by identifying process improvements</li>
<li>Manage capacity and scheduling, dividing and assigning work between team members</li>
<li>Ensure your team has all the skills and resources needed to be successful in their role</li>
<li>Set clear goals and expectations for individual and team performance</li>
<li>Foster a culture of continuous improvement to refine team processes and procedures</li>
<li>Support recruitment and hiring initiative</li>
<li>Coach and mentor individuals to meet career via structured career development conversations</li>
<li>Provide continuous performance feedback and facilitate periodic formal performance reviews</li>
<li>Drive and own initiatives that make the team a warm and welcoming place to work</li>
<li>Keep the team engaged and motivated towards their work</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>Who you are</strong></h3>
<p>We're looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.</p>
<p><strong>Minimum requirements</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Experience coaching/leading operations teams and managing performance</li>
<li>Experience mentoring others and are able to constructively provide feedback to others</li>
<li>Experience in delivering weekly and monthly business metrics and reporting</li>
<li>Proven ability to be a subject matter expert in Risk Operations</li>
<li>Ability to work cross functionally to deliver best results and promote partnership</li>
<li>Excellent written and verbal communication skills in English</li>
<li>Exemplary planning and time management skills</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Preferred qualifications</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Experience in new process launch and continuous improvement</li>
<li>Experience managing risk events in the system, and identify the at-risk scenario.</li>
</ul>