<div class="content-intro"><p>Intercom is the AI Customer Service company on a mission to help businesses provide incredible customer experiences.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Our AI agent Fin, the most advanced customer service AI agent on the market, lets businesses deliver always-on, impeccable customer service and ultimately transform their customer experiences for the better. Fin can also be combined with our Helpdesk to become a complete solution called the Intercom Customer Service Suite, which provides AI enhanced support for the more complex or high touch queries that require a human agent.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Founded in 2011 and trusted by nearly 30,000 global businesses, Intercom is setting the new standard for customer service. Driven by our core values, we push boundaries, build with speed and intensity, and consistently deliver incredible value to our customers.</p></div><p>Speed is something we fight for every day at Intercom, and we believe Berlin is built for people who share that instinct. We are drawn to Berlin by its rare blend of deep technical talent and rich creative culture – all within a vibrant, globally connected city that’s close to our R&amp;D hubs in Dublin and London. It’s a place where the best of the best technical talent thrive, and where people from around the world are eager to relocate and build ambitious products.</p>
<p>Our ambition is to hire 100 people in Berlin over the year ahead across engineering, AI, data science, product, and design. We believe this is the most exciting time to join, be the founding R&amp;D talent in the region and make a lasting impact as we build the world's number one customer agent!</p>
<p>We’re looking for a&nbsp;<strong>Staff Product Manager</strong> to join our team and help shape the future of business messaging and AI-powered customer engagement. This is a career-defining opportunity to lead a world-class team of engineers, designers, and researchers to deliver products that touch millions of people every day.</p>
<h2><strong>What will I be doing?</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Be responsible for a significant product area or leading an important project.</li>
<li>Deeply understand the customer problems you’re tackling through research, data, and direct customer interactions — then frame those problems clearly for your team.</li>
<li>Manage the roadmap; defining what should be built, when and why - and communicate it to generate alignment and excitement.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Collaborate with engineers and designers to imagine, build, and ship solutions, from bold future visions to small, focused iterations.</li>
<li>Leverage AI to increase your own efficiency, accelerate product development, and multiply your team’s impact.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Evaluate impact through quantitative and qualitative measures, both in beta and after full release.</li>
<li>Own and maintain the quality of your product area, ensuring every release delivers world-class software.</li>
<li>Collaborate with peers across the business to ensure we deliver products with clear GTM strategy and execution, getting hands on wherever necessary to ensure we deliver.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Be a leader in your team or projects by role-modelling our company values and R&amp;D principles.&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>What skills do I need?</strong></h2>
<p>There is no minimum years of experience for this role. We’re interested in your impact, drive, and potential. Instead of years, we’ll be looking for evidence that you’ve applied and grown these skills:&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li><strong>Sharp Customer Focus &amp; Problem Framing - </strong>able to independently understand, define and articulate complex customer problems and opportunities using data analysis and qualitative inputs.&nbsp;&nbsp;</li>
<li><strong>Compelling Roadmaps - </strong>define the roadmap of features, products or areas of focus for your given area, communicating what, when and why to generate excitement with customers and the team</li>
<li><strong>Excellent Product Judgment -</strong> skilled at balancing customer needs, business impact, and technical constraints to define, advocate for, and deliver the right product.</li>
<li><strong>Build World-Class Product - </strong>able to deeply collaborate with engineering and designers to quickly ship effective solutions. But, also able to independently accelerate the process leveraging AI.</li>
<li><strong>AI Tech - </strong>Able to understand AI systems and LLMs, assess feasibility and trade-offs, and make informed product decisions in close collaboration with engineering.</li>
<li><strong>Technical fluency - </strong>Comfortable engaging with engineers and customers on the modern tech stack — from APIs and SaaS infrastructure to low-code tooling and system architecture.</li>
<li><strong>Outcome Oriented - </strong>define, fight for and share progress against the customer and business impact of your product area or project.&nbsp;Leadership - Excellent communicator. High ownership. Ability to influence and drive alignment.&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Benefits</strong></h2>
<p>We are a well treated bunch, with awesome benefits! If there’s something important to you that’s not on this list, talk to us!&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>Competitive salary, annual bonus and equity</li>
<li>Regular compensation reviews - we reward great work!</li>
<li>Generous paid time off above statutory minimum</li>
<li>Hybrid working</li>
<li>MacBooks are our standard, but we also offer Windows for certain roles when needed.</li>
<li>Fun events for Intercomrades, friends, and family!</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>#LI-Hybrid</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>Policies&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>Intercom has a hybrid working policy. We believe that working in person helps us stay connected, collaborate easier and create a great culture while still providing flexibility to work from home. We expect employees to be in the office at least three days per week.</p>
<p>We have a radically open and accepting culture at Intercom. We avoid spending time on divisive subjects to foster a safe and cohesive work environment for everyone. As an organization, our policy is to not advocate on behalf of the company or our employees on any social or political topics out of our internal or external communications. We respect personal opinion and expression on these topics on personal social platforms on personal time, and do not challenge or confront anyone for their views on non-work related topics. Our goal is to focus on doing incredible work to achieve our goals and unite the company through our <a href="https://www.intercom.com/careers">core values</a>.&nbsp;&nbsp;</p>
<p>Intercom values diversity and is committed to a policy of Equal Employment Opportunity. Intercom will not discriminate against an applicant or employee on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, national origin, ancestry, sex, gender, age, physical or mental disability, veteran or military status, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, marital status, or any other legally recognized protected basis under federal, state, or local law.</p></div>