<h2><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;"><strong>The Role</strong></span></h2>
<p><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">At HelloConnect, you will be part of a dynamic team in Inoza tower, BGC that embraces innovation and leverages advanced technology to create exceptional experiences. Our culture is built on collaboration, continuous learning, and a commitment to excellence. You’ll have the opportunity to work on impactful projects, develop your skills, and grow within a supportive environment that values diverse perspectives and experiences.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">In this role, you will take on a key responsibility in driving menu variety and quality by optimizing complex planning processes and ensuring reliable, customer-focused meal offerings for the Irish market., contributing to our ongoing efforts to drive business success and enhance customer satisfaction.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">We’re looking for passionate individuals who can bring their unique skills and ideas to the table. Even if you don't meet every requirement but believe you’d excel in this role, we’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
<h2><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;"><strong>What you’ll do</strong></span></h2>
<ul>
<li><strong>Own the Product Execution Framework:</strong> Ensure all menus are planned and finalized according to the Product and Culinary strategy, selecting the best possible recipes while adhering to operational constraints.&nbsp;</li>
<li><strong>Manage Operational Tasks: </strong>Take full ownership of running and maintaining our menu planning tool (GAMP) to generate menu iterations, adjusting constraints and rerunning the system as necessary to achieve the highest quality versions.</li>
<li><strong>Deliver Final Sign-Off:</strong> Execute rigorous final checks on costs, variety, and seasonality to guarantee menu excellence before seeking final approval from Menu Strategy Manager.</li>
<li><strong>Drive Value Engineering:</strong> Track and communicate menu costs at all stages of planning and execute initiatives to ensure we meet relevant cost, performance, and variety KPIs.</li>
<li><strong>Collaborate Cross-Functionally:</strong> Work closely with the Culinary and Supply Chain (SCO) teams to solve operational or supply challenges on upcoming menus.</li>
<li><strong>Optimize for the Customer:</strong> Support deep-dives into customer feedback and recipe performance data to translate insights into actionable recommendations for future menus.</li>
</ul>
<h2><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;"><strong>What you’ll bring</strong></span></h2>
<ul>
<li><strong>Analytical Rigor:</strong> You are highly data-driven with a high attention to detail; advanced Excel proficiency is essential, and SQL experience is a definite plus.</li>
<li><strong>Operational Mindset:</strong> You bring a proven track record (minimum 2 years) in product operations or a similar field and enjoy the process of optimizing complex, recurring projects.</li>
<li><strong>Problem-Solving Prowess:</strong> You thrive in high-pressure environments where you can navigate technical system hurdles and customer needs with equal ease.</li>
<li><strong>Stakeholder Management:</strong> You are organized and efficient, capable of maintaining clear communication with local leadership and cross-functional partners.</li>
<li><strong>Passion for the Product:</strong> You have a genuine interest in food and are excited about the mission of disrupting the grocery industry.</li>
</ul>
<h2><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;"><strong>Are you up for the challenge?</strong></span></h2>
<p><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">The first step to your new role starts here. Send in your application, along with your salary expectations and preferred start date. Our dedicated team will thoroughly review your details. We are excited to connect with you soon!&nbsp;</span></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p style="line-height: 1;"><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif; color: rgb(0, 0, 0);">#helloconnect<br>#LI-Remote</span></p>
<p style="line-height: 1;"><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif; color: rgb(0, 0, 0);">#hcgreenhouse</span></p>
<p><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">&nbsp;</span></p>