A Spotify Backstage Sales Engineer is responsible for mainly pre-sales work with prospects to purchase and adopt Backstage, Spotify’s open platform for building developer portals, within their own organizations. Backstage is widely used for managing developer workflows, and it helps companies streamline their infrastructure and development processes.

## What You'll Do

- Understand the technical aspects of Backstage, including its architecture, APIs, plugins, and integrations.
- Assist clients in integrating Backstage into their development environments.
- Provide technical guidance and troubleshooting support for implementation issues.
- Help clients customize and extend Backstage with plugins and services tailored to their unique needs.
- Engage in product demonstrations, technical discussions, and proof-of-concept developments.
- Understand customer requirements and articulate how Backstage can solve their problems.
- Collaborate with product management and engineering to address client-specific needs and improvements.
- Act as the technical point of contact for clients looking to adopt Backstage.
- Provide input on product architecture to ensure that Backstage can integrate smoothly with client environments.
- Work closely with engineering, product management, and support teams to ensure customer feedback is incorporated into product development.

## Who You Are

- Strong background in software engineering or DevOps, with knowledge of Kubernetes, CI/CD, and other DevOps tools.
- Proficiency in web development with React, TypeScript and Node
- Experience in building or integrating developer tools, platforms, or portals.
- Familiarity with cloud platforms (AWS, GCP, Azure) and enterprise-level integrations.
- Problem-solving and troubleshooting abilities, with an emphasis on customer satisfaction.
- Prior experience as a Sales Engineer, Solutions Architect, or a related role in a tech company.
- Hands-on experience with Backstage or similar developer portals.

## Where You'll Be

- This role is based in either London or Stockholm
- We offer you the flexibility to work where you work best! There will be some in person meetings, but still allows for flexibility to work from home.

Spotify is an equal opportunity employer. You are welcome at Spotify for who you are, no matter where you come from, what you look like, or what’s playing in your headphones. Our platform is for everyone, and so is our workplace. The more voices we have represented and amplified in our business, the more we will all thrive, contribute, and be forward-thinking! So bring us your personal experience, your perspectives, and your background. It’s in our differences that we will find the power to keep revolutionizing the way the world listens.

At Spotify, we are passionate about inclusivity and making sure our entire recruitment process is accessible to everyone. We have ways to request reasonable accommodations during the interview process and help assist in what you need. If you need accommodations at any stage of the application or interview process, please let us know - we’re here to support you in any way we can.

Spotify transformed music listening forever when we launched in 2008. Our mission is to unlock the potential of human creativity by giving a million creative artists the opportunity to live off their art and billions of fans the chance to enjoy and be passionate about these creators. Everything we do is driven by our love for music and podcasting. Today, we are the world’s most popular audio streaming subscription service.