<div class="content-intro"><p><span class="TextRun SCXW43607789 BCX0" lang="EN-US" data-contrast="auto"><span class="NormalTextRun SpellingErrorV2Themed SCXW43607789 BCX0">Sourceability</span><span class="NormalTextRun SCXW43607789 BCX0">® is a global digital distributor of electronic components transforming how modern businesses bring products to market. With </span><span class="NormalTextRun SCXW43607789 BCX0">innovation, </span><span class="NormalTextRun SCXW43607789 BCX0">quality</span><span class="NormalTextRun SCXW43607789 BCX0"> and</span> <span class="NormalTextRun SCXW43607789 BCX0">logistics</span><span class="NormalTextRun SCXW43607789 BCX0"> as the backbone of the company, </span><span class="NormalTextRun SpellingErrorV2Themed SCXW43607789 BCX0">Sourceability’s</span> <span class="NormalTextRun SCXW43607789 BCX0">cutting-edge</span><span class="NormalTextRun SCXW43607789 BCX0"> products and services </span><span class="NormalTextRun SCXW43607789 BCX0">expedite</span><span class="NormalTextRun SCXW43607789 BCX0"> the procurement process across a wide range of industries, including communications/cellular, consumer electronics, and auto manufacturing.</span></span><span class="EOP SCXW43607789 BCX0" data-ccp-props="{&quot;201341983&quot;:0,&quot;335559739&quot;:160,&quot;335559740&quot;:259}">&nbsp;</span></p></div><p><span data-contrast="none">We are looking for a dynamic Senior/Account Manager to become a vital part of our vibrant Sales team. Join the energy and come be part of the momentum!</span><span data-ccp-props="{&quot;335551550&quot;:6,&quot;335551620&quot;:6}">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">This is an amazing opportunity to get involved! As an <span data-contrast="none">Senior</span> Account Manager, you will play a crucial role in driving our strategic growth and strengthening our market presence. You will be instrumental in accelerating sales growth and building strong customer relationships across Singapore. The ideal candidate is a seasoned inside sales professional who thrives in a dynamic environment, excels at managing customer accounts, and is open to occasional travel for in-person customer engagements.</span><span data-ccp-props="{&quot;335551550&quot;:6,&quot;335551620&quot;:6}">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span data-contrast="none">Our goal is to have a sophisticated team equipped with expert technical skills in addition to keen business acumen. Each member of our team adds unique value to the business and the customer. Sourceability is committed to a culture where we attract the best talent in the industry.</span><span data-ccp-props="{&quot;201341983&quot;:0,&quot;335559737&quot;:24,&quot;335559739&quot;:200,&quot;335559740&quot;:264}">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><strong>Insight on your Impact:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><strong>Account Management:</strong></li>
<ul>
<li>Manage and grow a portfolio of customer accounts across <span data-contrast="auto">Singapore</span>.</li>
<li>Serve as the primary point of contact for customers, ensuring impeccable service.</li>
<li>Proactively identify opportunities to expand business within existing accounts.</li>
</ul>
<li><strong>Sales Execution:</strong></li>
<ul>
<li>Develop and execute strategies to meet and exceed sales targets.</li>
<li>Provide recommendations and tailored solutions to meet customer needs.</li>
<li>Collaborate with outside sales, purchasing, operations, and quality and logistics to ensure order fulfillment.</li>
</ul>
<li><strong>Customer Engagement:</strong></li>
<ul>
<li>Conduct consistent outreach to customers through calls, emails, and virtual meetings.</li>
<li>Occasionally travel to visit customers to strengthen relationships.</li>
</ul>
<li><strong>Team Collaboration:</strong></li>
<ul>
<li>Work closely with the business development team to align sales strategies and initiatives.</li>
<li>Provide market feedback to inform business decisions.</li>
</ul>
</ul>
<p><strong>Your qualifications, your influence:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Minimum 3 years of experience in inside sales, account management, or a related role, ideally within the electronic components<strong> </strong>industry.</li>
<li><span class="TextRun SCXW175816941 BCX0" lang="EN" data-contrast="auto"><span class="NormalTextRun SCXW175816941 BCX0">Effective written and verbal communication skills in English.</span></span><span class="EOP SCXW175816941 BCX0" data-ccp-props="{&quot;134233117&quot;:false,&quot;134233118&quot;:false,&quot;335559738&quot;:0,&quot;335559739&quot;:0}">&nbsp;</span></li>
<li>Proven track record of excelling in a sales environment.</li>
<li>Exceptional interpersonal and communication skills, with the ability to listen, and build trust and rapport.</li>
<li>Strong organizational and time-management skills.</li>
<li>Proficiency with CRM software and other sales tools.</li>
<li>Ability to travel occasionally.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Benefits:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Competitive salary.</li>
<li>A collaborative and dynamic work environment.</li>
<li>Opportunity to shape the company’s growth in <span data-contrast="auto">Singapore</span>.</li>
<li>The chance to contribute to the growth of a leading company in the electronic components industry.</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong><span data-contrast="auto">EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER.</span></strong><span data-ccp-props="{&quot;201341983&quot;:0,&quot;335559739&quot;:160,&quot;335559740&quot;:259}">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">It is our policy to abide by all federal, state and local laws prohibiting employment discrimination based on a person’s race, color, religious creed, sex, national origin, ancestry, citizenship status, pregnancy, childbirth, physical disability, mental and/or intellectual disability, age, military status, veteran status (including protected veterans), marital status, registered domestic partner or civil union status, familial status, gender (including sex stereotyping and gender identity or expression), medical condition (including, but not limited to, cancer related or HIV/AIDS related), genetic information, sexual orientation, or any other protected status.</span><span data-ccp-props="{&quot;201341983&quot;:0,&quot;335559739&quot;:160,&quot;335559740&quot;:259}">&nbsp;</span></p></div>