<div class="content-intro"><p>Tenstorrent is leading the industry on cutting-edge AI technology, revolutionizing performance expectations, ease of use, and cost efficiency. With AI redefining the computing paradigm, solutions must evolve to unify innovations in software models, compilers, platforms, networking, and semiconductors. Our diverse team of technologists have developed a high performance RISC-V CPU from scratch, and share a passion for AI and a deep desire to build the best AI platform possible. We value collaboration, curiosity, and a commitment to solving hard problems. We are growing our team and looking for contributors of all seniorities.</p></div><p>We're looking for a passionate and hands-on RISC-V CPU Cluster/SoC DV Engineer to architect, develop, and evolve world-class verification infrastructure for high-performance RISC-V CPU clusters. If building from scratch, innovating on methodology, and collaborating with top-tier CPU designers excites you — read on.</p>
<p>This role is hybrid, based out of Bangalore.</p>
<p>We welcome candidates at various experience levels for this role. During the interview process, candidates will be assessed for the appropriate level, and offers will align with that level, which may differ from the one in this posting.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Who You Are</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>You thrive in building robust verification environments using SystemVerilog, UVM and C++, and can define and drive verification plans independently.</li>
<li>You bring a system-level mindset, with experience integrating multiple IPs into clusters or SoCs and verifying their interactions.</li>
<li>You have a strong grasp of stimulus planning, debug techniques, and coverage closure for verifying complex hardware subsystems like caches, NoCs, and memory hierarchies.</li>
<li>You’re comfortable working on features that span multiple IPs — such as coherence, security — and ensuring their correct behavior at the cluster or SoC level.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>What We Need</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>A Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in Electrical Engineering, Computer Science, or a related field.</li>
<li>Strong experience with System Verilog and UVM-based verification.</li>
<li>Proven ability to drive subsystem or SoC-level DV projects with integration and system feature validation responsibilities.</li>
<li>Familiarity with AXI/CHI protocols, System IPs flows (like debug/trace, power management), and integration flows for multi-IP verification environments.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>What You Will Learn</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Techniques to scale DV infrastructure for verifying high-performance RISC-V clusters and SoCs.</li>
<li>How to verify multi-agent interactions across CPUs, system IPs and NoC or fabric components.</li>
<li>Best practices for cross-IP feature convergence, integration-level planning, and reuse across cluster/SOC programs.</li>
<li>How to collaborate with global teams across RTL, DV, software, and validation for cohesive system-level bring-up.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><em>Tenstorrent offers a highly competitive compensation package and benefits, and we are an equal opportunity employer.</em></p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><em>This offer of employment is contingent upon the applicant being eligible to access U.S. export-controlled technology. &nbsp;Due to U.S. export laws, including those codified in the U.S. Export Administration Regulations (EAR), the Company is required to ensure compliance with these laws when transferring technology to nationals of certain countries (such as EAR Country Groups D:1, E1, and E2). &nbsp; These requirements apply to persons located in the U.S. and all countries outside the U.S. &nbsp;As the position offered will have direct and/or indirect access to information, systems, or technologies subject to these laws, the offer may be contingent upon your citizenship/permanent residency status or ability to obtain prior license approval from the U.S. Commerce Department or applicable federal agency. &nbsp;If employment is not possible due to U.S. export laws, any offer of employment will be rescinded.</em></p></div>