<p>FanDuel Group is a world-class team of brands and products that deliver sports betting, gaming and entertainment to millions of US sports fans every day. That’s no easy task, and wouldn't be possible without a fantastic team who have helped us pioneer new products and innovative features that make us a leader in the industry. Whether you’re looking for better career progression, improved financial security or just a better sense of belonging, we believe we’ve created a culture in which everyone can succeed, no matter how you got here.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>THE POSITION</strong><br>Our roster has an opening with your name on it</p>
<p><br>You are considered a technical thought leader for the Engineering organization. You are part of a community of our<br>most senior Engineers, working with limited to no guidance and focusing on the organization’s most complex,<br>ambiguous problems. You provide guidance to and influence decisions made by other Engineers within the vertical.<br>You regularly interact with executives up to the c-suite, distilling relevant information from a complex technical<br>strategy and incorporating relevant business strategy in to technical strategies.</p>
<p><br>As part of this role, you own the technical strategy for an engineering vertical, with responsibility for technical<br>architecture and operational excellence. You take a leadership role on the vertical’s most important bodies of<br>technical work. You balance a long view with short term demands, taking a pragmatic approach to system design.<br>You embody simpler is always better, looking to reduce the complexity of the systems where you contribute. You do<br>not accept the status quo or restrict yourself to organizational boundaries – you influence other verticals' and the<br>organization’s “North Star” technical strategy, working with the Principal Community and other Engineering Leaders<br>to drive decision around programming languages, architecture, products, tools, approaches, and processes. You<br>provide mentorship and guidance for other Engineers, serving as a role model and supporting their career<br>progression.</p>
<p><br><strong>THE GAME PLAN</strong><br>Everyone on our team has a part to play</p>
<ul>
<li>Take ownership of a vertical’s architecture, aligning the vertical’s Engineers on a common technical strategy.</li>
<li>Take ownership of a vertical’s operational excellence, taking a hands-on approach to the resolution of the<br>vertical’s most complex issues when needed.</li>
<li>Write simple code, taking complex paradigms and implementing them in a way that Engineers at all levels can<br>understand and contribute to. Insist on high standards for code quality while not letting perfection be enemy of<br>the good.</li>
<li>Influence the strategy of the vertical’s teams, helping them understand how to make technical tradeoff<br>decisions between short-term business needs and long-term technology needs.</li>
<li>Drive engineering engagement best practices (e.g., Operational Excellence, Security, Quality, etc.) and set<br>standards for your vertical.</li>
<li>Help others leverage your expertise, by coaching and mentoring in your organisation. Contribute to the<br>professional development of Engineers within the vertical, improving their technical knowledge and<br>engineering practices.</li>
<li>Support our software as part of a on-call rotation</li>
</ul>
<p><br><strong>THE STATS</strong><br>What we’re looking for in our next teammate</p>
<ul>
<li>Expert level experience building and designing highly scalable, fault tolerant and highly available systems.</li>
<li>Experience influencing technical decisions across 50+ person Engineering verticals</li>
<li>Understand a broad range of complex data structures and complex algorithms.</li>
<li>Expert level understanding of design patterns and architectural principles.</li>
<li>Experienced in making pragmatic tradeoff decisions between short term needs and long-term needs.</li>
<li>Experienced in many modern programming language e.g. Java or Python or any Functional/OO programming<br>language.</li>
<li>Some expertise in modern front-end frameworks (e.g., React, Angular) and the core web stack<br>(JavaScript/TypeScript, HTML5, CSS3), including proven ability to optimise for performance and<br>responsiveness</li>
<li>Demonstrated abilities driving operational excellence and best practices through influence.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>THE CONTRACT</strong><br>We treat our team right</p>
<p><br>Competitive compensation is just the beginning. As part of our team, you can expect:</p>
<ul>
<li>An exciting and fun environment committed to driving real growth</li>
<li>Opportunities to build really cool products that fans love</li>
<li>Mentorship and professional development resources to help you refine your game</li>
<li>Flexible vacation allowance to let you refuel</li>
<li>Hall of Fame benefit programs and platforms</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p style="text-align: center;"><strong><span data-ccp-props="{&quot;201341983&quot;:0,&quot;335551550&quot;:6,&quot;335551620&quot;:6,&quot;335559739&quot;:0,&quot;335559740&quot;:360,&quot;469777462&quot;:[0,720],&quot;469777927&quot;:[0,0],&quot;469777928&quot;:[1,1]}">ABOUT FANDUEL</span></strong></p>
<p style="text-align: left;"><span data-ccp-props="{&quot;201341983&quot;:0,&quot;335551550&quot;:6,&quot;335551620&quot;:6,&quot;335559739&quot;:0,&quot;335559740&quot;:360,&quot;469777462&quot;:[0,720],&quot;469777927&quot;:[0,0],&quot;469777928&quot;:[1,1]}">FanDuel Group is a world-class team of brands and products that deliver sports betting, gaming and entertainment to millions of US sports fans every day. That’s no easy task and wouldn't be possible without a fantastic team who have helped us pioneer new products and innovative features that make us a leader in the industry.<br><br>The company is based in New York with US offices in Los Angeles, Atlanta, and Jersey City, as well as global offices in Canada and Scotland. The company’s affiliates have offices worldwide, including in Ireland, Portugal, Romania, and Australia.<br><br>FanDuel Group is a subsidiary of Flutter Entertainment, the world's largest sports betting and gaming operator with a portfolio of globally recognized brands and traded on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE: FLUT).&nbsp;<br><br></span></p>
<p><strong>PLAYER BENEFITS</strong><br>We treat our team right</p>
<ul>
<li><strong>Interesting work</strong> - working in a fast-paced and ever-changing industry, new problems and exciting solutions are never too far away. There are always opportunities to learn new skills and broaden your horizons</li>
<li><strong>A sense of achievement</strong> - Our teams own their own software and when that new feature ships to users and the positive feedback starts rolling in, you can feel proud of what you and your team created</li>
<li><strong>Personal development</strong> - clear and defined career pathways for every role at every level, a supportive manager, loads of learning opportunities and even 10% of your time to dedicate to your learning</li>
<li><strong>Belonging</strong> - everyone at FanDuel works for each other, we win together, make mistakes together and have lots of fun doing it</li>
<li><strong>Trust - </strong>A trusting work environment where productivity is valued above all else, giving you autonomy and ownership of your time and work</li>
<li><strong>Great financial package </strong>- Including salary, bonus, pension, private healthcare, share save scheme, flexible working &amp; holiday policy along with a number of other benefits<br><br></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Location: Our Scottish tech hub is based in central Edinburgh and is fitted with fabulous amenities including a gym, showers, bike parking, gaming pods, multiple breakout areas, meeting rooms, a roof terrace and much more.&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p><strong>We operate a hybrid model for the majority of our roles, where we normally spend a day or two in the office per week.</strong></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>FanDuel Group is an equal opportunities employer. Diversity and inclusion in FanDuel means that we respect and<br>value everyone as individuals. We don't tolerate bias, judgement or harassment. Our focus is on developing<br>employees so that they reach their full potential.</p>