<p>This is an opportunity to run a Professional Services team (also known as Field Engineering) team, helping customers understand and implement Canonical's open source solutions in public clouds and in their own data centers. We work across the entire spectrum of cloud offerings, from Ubuntu itself to virtualisation and private cloud, Kubernetes, and the implementation of sophisticated open source solutions such as MLops platforms, data platforms and more. We are rapidly expanding the range of open source solutions we offer and deliver to customers, as we move into new industries like telco, finance, health care and media we design and develop new open source solutions to meet their needs.</p>
<p>We believe that Engineering Managers should be outstanding engineers themselves. They should feel completely at home troubleshooting technical issues and having technical presales conversations with customers. They should contribute to project delivery themselves, but know that the technical contributions they bring are far less significant than their ability to shape the whole team’s direction, focus and delivery. We grow management skills and train engineers, who are interested in soft skills, to be managers.</p>
<p>We believe that open source is just starting to transform the tech sector and enterprise compute. Our goal is to make open source easier, more reliable and more secure for deployment and development. We strive to be the provider of ‘most software to most companies’. To deliver on that ambition, our engineers are carefully selected from the applicants across the globe. We select for brilliance and motivation to take open source to the next level. Our engineering managers help teams achieve more than they realised they could, and feel proud of the result.</p>
<p><strong>The role of a Cloud Professional Services Manager at Canonical</strong></p>
<p>The Field Engineering team is our team of cloud solutions architects at Canonical, working directly with our customers, designing private and public cloud solutions fitting their workload needs. The portfolio of products includes on-premise cloud solutions such as Openstack, MicroCloud and Ceph, and solutions that could be deployed either on-premises or in public clouds such as Kubernetes, Kubeflow, Spark, PostgreSQL, etc.&nbsp; The team works hands-on with the technologies by deploying, testing and handing over the solution to our support or managed services team at the end of a project. Managers and team members also take part in presales conversations to provide technical advice during the sales process.&nbsp;</p>
<p>A Cloud Professional Services Manager is responsible for line management and career guidance. The ability to develop engineering talent, to represent your team from a technical perspective, and to drive collaboration with other teams and customers are all critical to success in this role. You are also expected to actively participate in technical presales to help our department achieve our quarterly goals.</p>
<p><strong>Location:&nbsp;</strong>This role will be home based, managing a team in your time zone.</p>
<p><strong>What your day will look like</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Lead and develop a team of engineers, ranging from graduate to senior</li>
<li>Work remotely in a single major time zone</li>
<li>Coach, mentor, and offer career development feedback</li>
<li>Identify and measure team health indicators</li>
<li>Implement disciplined engineering processes</li>
<li>Represent your team and product to stakeholders, partners, and customers&nbsp;</li>
<li>Develop and evangelise great engineering and organisational practices</li>
<li>Plan and manage progress on agreed goals and projects</li>
<li>Be an active part of the leadership team, collaborating with other leaders</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>What we are looking for in you</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Knowledge of cloud computing concepts &amp; technologies, such as Kubernetes, Openstack, AWS, GCP, Azure, Ceph, etc.</li>
<li>Practical knowledge of Linux and networking</li>
<li>Experience in technical presales</li>
<li>You are a dynamic person who loves to jump in new projects and interact with people</li>
<li>Excellent verbal and written communication skills in English</li>
<li>Passion and a track record of developing and growing people</li>
<li>Experience in leading, coaching and mentoring engineers</li>
<li>Organised and able to ensure your team delivers timely, high quality results</li>
<li>&nbsp;An exceptional academic track record from high school and, preferably, university as well</li>
<li>&nbsp;Willingness to travel up to 25% of the time. Field Engineers attend internal company events, external tech events and customer meetings.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Additional skills that you might also bring</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Second language - Spanish or French preferred</li>
<li>Python knowledge</li>
<li>Experience collaborating with external partners</li>
<li>Experience collaborating with several internal teams and providing stakeholder feedback for engineering roadmaps</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>What we offer you</strong></p>
<p>We consider geographical location, experience, and performance in shaping compensation worldwide. We revisit compensation annually (and more often for graduates and associates) to ensure we recognise outstanding performance. In addition to base pay, we offer a performance-driven annual bonus. We provide all team members with additional benefits, which reflect our values and ideals. We balance our programs to meet local needs and ensure fairness globally.</p>
<ul>
<li>Distributed work environment with twice-yearly team sprints in person</li>
<li>Personal learning and development budget of USD 2,000 per year</li>
<li>Annual compensation review</li>
<li>Recognition rewards</li>
<li>40 days annual leave per annum, including public holidays and our All Company holiday periods</li>
<li>Maternity and paternity leave</li>
<li>Employee Assistance Programme</li>
<li>Opportunity to travel to new locations to meet colleagues from your team and others</li>
<li>Priority Pass for travel and travel upgrades for long haul company events</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>About Canonical</strong></p>
<p>Canonical is a pioneering tech firm that is at the forefront of the global move to open source. As the company that publishes Ubuntu, one of the most important open source projects and the platform for AI, IoT and the cloud, we are changing the world on a daily basis. We recruit on a global basis and set a very high standard for people joining the company. We expect excellence - in order to succeed, we need to be the best at what we do.</p>
<p>Canonical has been a remote-first company since its inception in 2004.​ Work at Canonical is a step into the future, and will challenge you to think differently, work smarter, learn new skills, and raise your game. Canonical provides a unique window into the world of 21st-century digital business.</p>
<p><strong>Canonical is an equal opportunity employer</strong></p>
<p>We are proud to foster a workplace free from discrimination. Diversity of experience, perspectives, and background create a better work environment and better products. <a href="https://canonical.com/careers/diversity/identity">Whatever your identity, we will give your application fair consideration.</a></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>#LI-remote&nbsp;</p>
<p><br><br></p>