<div class="content-intro"><p><strong><em>🚀 We’re on a mission to make money work for everyone.</em></strong></p>
<p>We’re waving goodbye to the complicated and confusing ways of traditional banking.</p>
<p>After starting as a prepaid card, our product offering has grown a lot in the last 10 years in the UK. As well as&nbsp;<a href="https://monzo.com/current-account/personal">personal</a> and <a href="https://monzo.com/business-banking">business</a> bank accounts, we offer <a href="https://monzo.com/current-account/joint-account">joint accounts</a>, <a href="https://monzo.com/current-account/16-17">accounts for 16-17 year olds</a>, a <a href="https://monzo.com/current-account/under-16s">free kids account</a> and <a href="https://monzo.com/flex">credit cards</a> in the UK, with more exciting things to come beyond. Our UK customers can also <a href="https://monzo.com/savings">save</a>, <a href="https://monzo.com/investments">invest </a>and&nbsp;<a href="https://monzo.com/pensions">combine their pensions</a> with us.&nbsp;</p>
<p>With our hot coral cards and get-paid-early feature, combined with financial education on social media and our award winning customer service, we have a long history of creating magical moments for our customers!</p>
<p>We’re not about selling products - we want to solve problems and change lives through Monzo ❤️</p>
<hr>
<p>&nbsp;</p></div><p>London/UK Remote | 💰£53,000 - £70,000 + <a href="https://monzo.com/careers/">Benefits</a>&nbsp; ✨</p>
<p>As our first Product Operations Manager for Acquiring, you will own the "0 to 1" operational build-out. You will be responsible for ensuring that when a merchant accepts a card payment, the money moves accurately, unhappy paths like chargebacks are managed smoothly, and support is world-class.</p>
<p><strong>Our Product Ops team ⭐</strong></p>
<p>Product Ops at Monzo sits at the intersection of product, tech and operations. Product Ops managers are responsible for ensuring that the products we build can be serviced sustainably and to the high quality that Monzo customers expect.</p>
<p>Product Ops is a relatively new team at Monzo, so while your day to day will be spent with the acquiring team, you will also be partly responsible for shaping the future of product operations at Monzo, and how it can become a key part of our delivery functions.</p>
<p><strong>🔑 You’ll play a key role by supporting…</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><strong>Hardware, chargeback, and regulation insight</strong>: You’ll act as a source of knowledge within the product team on key topics that are new in acquiring - hardware support, chargeback handling and reconciliation as well as regulation and schemes rules</li>
<li><strong>Operational Delivery</strong>: You’ll ensure accurate, efficient, compliant, and delightful design (from scratch!) and delivery of key operational elements. You’ll define how we handle problems like chargebacks, reconciliation issues, hardware support, aiming for maximum automation while protecting Monzo and our merchants.&nbsp;</li>
<li><strong>Performance management: </strong>You’ll also be responsible for ensuring we meet SLAs, KPIs and are making improvements where necessary across areas.</li>
<li><strong>Best Practices</strong>: You’ll champion best practices within the team and customer operations for all internal operations, both supplier-facing, customer-facing, and internal to Monzo.</li>
<li><strong>Product Development</strong>: You’ll share customer feedback, pain points and ideas with the Product Team, and help them shape our product and ensure we build the right technical solution for our teams and customers.</li>
<li><strong>Customer Service Collaboration</strong>: You’ll collaborate hand-in-hand with our customer operations team to ensure we build the appropriate processes, communicate efficiently, compliantly, and empathetically with our customers.</li>
<li><strong>Fincrime &amp; Fraud collaboration:</strong> You’ll partner with FinCrime and Fraud to strike the balance between frictionless and safe for us and our merchants in our product, and how we tackle alerts and prevent new risk vectors.&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>🤩 We’d love to hear from you if…</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>You have significant experience in operations for an acquirer or card acceptance provider.&nbsp;</li>
<ul>
<li>You understand the lifecycle of a card transaction from the merchant's perspective (Auth, Capture, Settlement, Refund, Chargeback) and are comfortable unpicking a reconciliation issue</li>
<li>You are experienced tackling the complexity of physical card machines: from shipping and activation to security, troubleshooting, and returns</li>
</ul>
<li>You know scheme rules, PCI-DSS, chargeback processes, fraud risks for acquiring inside and out</li>
<li>You’re excited by building and scaling operations from scratch to serve millions of small businesses.</li>
<li>You love solving problems, take a structured approach to them, and are a systems thinker. You don’t just fix a problem once, but find the fix that makes it disappear.</li>
<li>You’re analytical in developing scalable operational strategies and well-versed at leveraging data to inform your thinking.</li>
<li>You enjoy 'getting things done' at pace and achieving tangible outcomes and thrive in ambiguity.</li>
<li>You pride yourself on strong attention to detail.</li>
<li>You work collaboratively with people at all levels and across functions and cultures.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>🙌 What’s in it for you</strong></p>
<p>💰 £53,000 - £70,000➕ Benefits</p>
<p>📍This role can be based in our London office, but we're open to distributed working within the UK (with ad hoc meetings in London)&nbsp;</p>
<p>⏰ We offer flexible working hours and trust you to work enough hours to do your job well, and at times that suit you and your team.&nbsp;</p>
<p>📚 £1,000 learning budget each year to use on books, training courses and conferences.</p>
<p>🏡 We will set you up to work from home; all employees are given Macbooks and for fully remote workers we will provide extra support for your work-from-home setup.&nbsp;</p>
<p>➕ Plus lots more! <a href="https://monzo.com/careers/">Read our full list of benefits</a>.</p>
<p><strong>🌈 The application journey has 3 key steps</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Short call with&nbsp; Monzo Recruiter</li>
<li>Video-call with the Hiring Manager</li>
<li>Full Loop: 2 x GoogleMeet interviews (45 - 60 minutes each)</li>
</ul>
<p>This process should take around 4-6 weeks - your schedule is really important to us, so we promise to be as flexible as possible!&nbsp;</p>
<p>We have some guidelines on using Artificial Intelligence (AI) to ace an application and interview at Monzo. <a href="https://monzo.com/blog/the-ultimate-guide-on-using-ai-to-ace-an-interview-at-monzo">You can read them here.</a></p>
<p>⏳We’ll only close this role once we have enough applications for the next stage. Please submit your application as soon as possible to make sure you don’t miss out.&nbsp;</p>
<p>🚩 <strong>Please note: </strong>We are not able to offer visa sponsorship for this role. Only applicants with Right to Work in the UK will be considered.<br><br></p>
<p>#LI-REMOTE</p>
<p>#CM-1</p><div class="content-conclusion"><hr>
<p><strong>Equal opportunities for everyone</strong></p>
<p>Diversity and inclusion are a priority for us and we’re making sure we have lots of support for all of our people to grow at Monzo. At Monzo, we’re embracing diversity by fostering an inclusive environment for all people to do the best work of their lives with us. This is integral to our mission of making money work for everyone. You can read more in our <a href="https://monzo.com/blog/diversity-and-inclusion">blog</a>, 2024 <a href="https://monzo.com/blog/our-2024-diversity-and-inclusion-report" target="\_blank">Diversity and Inclusion Report</a> and 2024 <a href="https://monzo.com/blog/an-update-on-our-gender-pay-gap-2024">Gender Pay Gap Report.</a></p>
<p>We’re an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be considered for employment without attention to age, ethnicity, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, family or parental status, national origin, or veteran, neurodiversity or disability status.</p>
<p>If you have a preferred name, please use it to apply. We don't need full or birth names at application stage 😊</p></div>