<h2>Who we are</h2>
<h3>About Stripe</h3>
<p>Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies—from the world’s largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyone’s reach while doing the most important work of your career.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<h2>What you’ll do</h2>
<p>As part of our growing, global Product Support team, you will be a critical driver in delivering exceptional user experiences. This role goes beyond basic troubleshooting—it's about using your technical expertise, analytical mindset, and project management skills to strategically improve our support systems, processes, and product quality.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>You will own complex technical user issues and coordinate with cross functional teams, including Engineering and Product, to drive them to resolution. A deep understanding of SQL and APIs will allow you to engage with these teams effectively, analyze data to inform decisions, and propose solutions that drive operational efficiency. Your work will focus on scaling support operations, creating better user experiences, and pushing forward continuous improvements that align with Stripe's key metrics, such as Consumer Satisfaction (CSAT), Contact Rate, and Service Level Agreements (SLA).</p>
<h3>Responsibilities<span style="font-weight: 400;">&nbsp;</span></h3>
<ul>
<li>Analyze and troubleshoot complex technical issues through direct user interaction (email, phone), utilizing SQL to extract and interpret data, and leveraging your knowledge of API documentation.</li>
<li>Develop product and platform expertise, working closely with Engineering, Product, and Operations teams to diagnose and resolve user issues.</li>
<li>Strategically optimize and scale support processes to enhance efficiency and improve the overall user experience, incorporating data-driven insights and metrics.</li>
<li>Lead continuous improvement initiatives aimed at hitting key performance metrics such as Consumer Satisfaction (CSAT), Contact Rate, and SLA compliance.</li>
<li>Create and refine documentation to empower users to resolve issues via self-service, reducing dependency on support teams.</li>
<li>Collaborate and advocate with Product and Engineering to proactively improve the platform based on user feedback, ensuring long-term product reliability.</li>
<li>Lead cross-functional projects aimed at identifying inefficiencies in current processes and drive the implementation of long-term solutions.</li>
<li>Constantly challenge the status quo and push for innovation in user support strategies and operational processes.</li>
</ul>
<h2>Who you are</h2>
<p>We’re looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.</p>
<h3><strong>Minimum requirements</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>2+ years of experience in a customer-facing product support role, with a focus on troubleshooting technical issues.</li>
<li>Proficiency in SQL for data analysis and querying, with the ability to interpret datasets.</li>
<li>Experience working with API’s.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Exceptional problem-solving skills, capable of diagnosing complex issues and driving them to resolution.</li>
<li>Proven experience in stakeholder management, with the ability to influence cross-functional teams and drive progress.</li>
<li>Experience in project management, particularly in optimizing processes, workflows, or support operations.</li>
<li>Willingness to work occasional weekends and holidays (with compensatory time off).</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>Preferred qualifications</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Strong analytical skills with a passion for interpreting data to improve decision-making and outcomes.</li>
<li>Comfortable explaining technical concepts to both technical and non-technical stakeholders.</li>
<li>Proficiency in technical environments and the ability to diagnose and resolve highly technical user issues.</li>
</ul>