At Sysdig, we believe cloud security isn't a compromise - it's a promise. From the start, our mission has been clear: to help organizations secure innovation in the cloud, the right way.

We created Falco, the open standard for cloud threat detection, and continue to lead the cloud security market with runtime insights, open innovation, and agentic Al. Creators of technology trusted by over 60% of the Fortune 500, Sysdig gives teams the real-time clarity to move fast and defend what matters most.

Culture matters here. We believe diversity fuels stronger ideas, and open dialogue drives sharper decisions. Recognized as a Best Place to Work and one of Deloitte's fastest-growing companies for the past 5 years, we're here to raise the standard for what cloud security and workplace culture should be.

If you have the passion to dig deeper, the desire to challenge convention, and the curiosity to build something better, Sysdig is the right place for you.

## What you will do

- Define and execute sales plans for the assigned territory
- Meet and exceed quotas by managing all aspects of the sales process including lead management, qualification, evaluation, close and success of the overall region
- Develop and manage sales pipeline, prospect and assess sales, and move a large number of transactions through the sales pipeline
- Manage business and track opportunities through CRM and other supporting tools
- Own and collaborate on all aspects of the sales cycle, including product, support, and sales engineering
- Execute product demonstrations to prospective clients
- Develop accounts of various sizes continually growing client relationships
- Understand the competitive market, being familiar with competing companies and their offerings

## What you will bring with you

- 10+ years of enterprise software sales experience with a track record of closing six and seven figure deal to Fortune 500 companies
- Domain Expertise with one or more of the following required: Compute platforms (Kubernetes, VMware, Pivotal, Openstack, Docker, DCOS), Monitoring software, Data Center Security
- Strong track record consistently overachieving sales goals
- Drive to expand client base and close sales
- Excellent communication skills verbal and written, team player
- Must be willing to travel to clients to support sales relationships

## What we look for

- Passion and desire to work in a startup culture directly impacting the growth of the company
- A strong sales aptitude and fundamental understanding of the sales process
- A sound, tech-savvy business acumen and the ability to articulate a compelling value proposition in a complex and evolving business environment
- Ability to thrive in an agile environment with an ever-evolving set of solutions
- Manages all aspects of the sales process including lead generation and management, qualification, evaluation, negotiation, close and overall success of the region
- Entrepreneurial – Willing to go the extra mile, strong work ethic, resourceful, "get it done" attitude

## When you join Sysdig, you can expect:

- Extra days off to prioritize your well-being
- Mental health support for you and your family through the Modern Health app
- Great compensation package

We would love for you to join us! Please reach out even if your experience doesn't perfectly match the job description. We can always explore other options after starting the conversation. Your background and passion will set you apart, especially if your career path is different.

Some of our Hiring Managers are globally distributed, an English version of your CV will be appreciated.

*Sysdig values a diverse workplace and encourages women, people of color, LGBTQIA+ individuals, people with disabilities, members of ethnic minorities, foreign-born residents, and veterans to apply. Sysdig is an equal-opportunity employer. Sysdig does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity, or any other legally protected status.*

*#LI-MC1*

*#LI-Hybrid*