<div class="content-intro"><h3>ABOUT TIDE</h3>
<p>At Tide we help SMEs save time (and money) in the running of their businesses by not only offering business accounts and related banking services, but also a comprehensive set of highly usable and connected administrative solutions from invoicing to accounting.</p>
<p>Tide is transforming the small business banking market with over 1.8 million members globally across the UK, India, Germany and France.</p>
<p>Using advanced technology, all solutions are designed with SMEs in mind. With quick onboarding, low fees and innovative features, we thrive on making data-driven decisions to serve our mission: to help SMEs save both time (and money) so they can get back to doing what they love.</p>
<p><strong>Tide facts:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Tide is available for UK, Indian, German and French SMEs</li>
<li>Over 1.8 million members: 800,000 UK and 1,000,000 in India and growing rapidly</li>
<li>Over $300 million raised in funding</li>
<li>Over 2,500 Tideans globally - we’re diversity champions!</li>
<li>We have offices in Central London, with a member support and technology centre in Sofia, Bulgaria, technology centres in Serbia, Romania, Lithuania and Hyderabad and offices in Gurugram and New Delhi, and in Berlin, Paris and Luxembourg.</li>
</ul></div><h3>ABOUT THE TEAM:</h3>
<p>You will be joining a dedicated and dynamic team focused on driving Tide’s market success in Germany. The Tide Germany team is in an exciting growth phase, bringing together professionals with deep expertise in financial services, technology, and local market dynamics. As part of this expanding team, you’ll have the unique opportunity to shape Tide’s presence in Germany, working collaboratively to deliver innovative solutions for small business owners. This is your chance to play a pivotal role in establishing the foundation for our long-term success in this key market.</p>
<p>Partner Credit Services is Tide’s SME lending marketplace product vertical. Working with lending partners, Partner Credit Services connects business owners to the right funding. For founders moving their business to the next level. For entrepreneurs negotiating a tough market. For leaders looking to adapt their strategy.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<h3>ABOUT THE ROLE:</h3>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>As an experienced Partnerships Manager, you’ll be accountable for establishing relationships with new partners and manage our existing partners in the SME ecosystem. You will be collaborating with other teams across the business to ensure effective ongoing relationships.</p>
<p>You will work with both our Lending Partners - focused on managing, strengthening and supporting our brilliant lender-panel as well as our Acquisition Partners - to deliver a consistent flow of high-quality business enquiries and ensure we exceed expectations on both sides of the relationship. Essentially managing a mix of key demand and supply side relationships.</p>
<p><strong>Some of the things you’ll be doing:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Identifying, negotiating, acquiring and successfully onboard a portfolio of strategic Partners who will deliver to choice to our customers</li>
<li>Growing and developing your partner portfolio in line with Tide’s lending platform growth in Germany</li>
<li>Collaborating with internal teams to design and execute these partnerships and campaigns, this includes driving internal process enhancements where necessary to facilitate partner enablement</li>
<li>Being the single point of contact for your Partner portfolio and will be accountable for the core metrics of revenue, partner satisfaction and engagement across each named Partner.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Hosting and driving regular Partner business reviews to ensure joint metrics are being met and any issues resolved in a timely and professional manner.</li>
<li>Driving profile partner leads using a number of different channels (in/out-bound outreach, emails, events, marketing etc) and identify new target markets to grow the existing partner base</li>
<li>Establishing relationships with key partners and collaborate with other teams across the business to ensure that partner’s referrals are signed up to Tide as quickly and smoothly as possible</li>
<li>Being a point of contact for internal partner referral onboarding operations, liaising and coordinating between the KYC, Onboarding and Marketing Data teams to ensure partner referrals are assessed and processed within specified SLA’s and prioritised onboarding is maintained.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<h3>WHAT WE ARE LOOKING FOR:</h3>
<p>Tide is seeking a Partnerships Manager with a minimum of 4 years experience in managing partnerships, to help it become the most trusted SME platform in Germany. The ideal candidate will have:</p>
<ul>
<li><strong>Industry knowledge:</strong> A broad awareness of the SME lending ecosystem. Experience in the Fintech industry is an added advantage&nbsp;</li>
<li><strong>German KMU expertise:</strong> A comprehensive understanding of small business customers’ financing needs</li>
<li><strong>Partnerships Skills:</strong> Experience of managing partnerships within the SME lending finance industry</li>
<li><strong>Self-starter:</strong> You are autonomous and take initiative to get the job done.</li>
<li><strong>External stakeholder skills:</strong> You have strong stakeholder management skills coupled with an ability to leverage external capabilities to achieve joint success. You love to service the needs of partners&nbsp;</li>
<li><strong>Commercially minded:</strong> You are highly focused on KPIs, commercial opportunities and the delivery of incremental value</li>
<li><strong>Communication skills:</strong> You have great communication skills in <strong>German and English</strong> and are able to explain complex information in a simple and easy to understand way&nbsp;</li>
<li><strong>Project Management skills:</strong> You are detail oriented and highly organised: you can manage many projects, relationships and initiatives all at once&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Language: </strong>You are fluent in German and English</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<h3>WHAT YOU’LL GET IN RETURN:</h3>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>25 days of paid leave per year</li>
<li>Additional 3 days of paid leave for volunteering or L&amp;D</li>
<li>We invest in your development with professional L&amp;D budget&nbsp;</li>
<li>Share options</li>
<li>Statutory Health Insurance</li>
<li>Statutory Pension contribution</li>
<li>Extended Parental Leave</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">The Deutschland-Ticket</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">Free M Urban Sports Club Membership</li>
<li>Mental health support through Plumm</li>
<li>A one-off home office budget</li>
<li>Work and travel globally - up to 90 days per country outside of your home country</li>
<li>Team socials&nbsp;</li>
<li>Sabbatical Leave&nbsp;</li>
<li>Option to take your your work device as your own (eligibility applies)</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<h3>TIDEAN WAYS OF WORKING</h3>
<p>At Tide, we champion a <strong>flexible workplace </strong>model that<strong> </strong>supports both in-person and remote work to cater to the specific needs of our different teams.&nbsp;</p>
<p>While remote work is supported, we believe in the power of face-to-face interactions to foster team spirit and collaboration. Our offices are designed as hubs for innovation and team-building, where we encourage regular in-person gatherings to foster a strong sense of community.</p><div class="content-conclusion"><h3>TIDE IS A PLACE FOR EVERYONE</h3>
<p>At Tide, we believe that we can only succeed if we let our differences enrich our culture. Our Tideans come from a variety of backgrounds and experience levels. We consider everyone irrespective of their ethnicity, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, family or parental status, national origin, veteran, neurodiversity or differently-abled status. We celebrate diversity in our workforce as a cornerstone of our success. Our commitment to a broad spectrum of ideas and backgrounds is what enables us to build products that resonate with our members’ diverse needs and lives.&nbsp;</p>
<p>We are One Team and foster a transparent and inclusive environment, where everyone’s voice is heard.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><em>At Tide, we thrive on diversity, embracing various backgrounds and experiences. We welcome all individuals regardless of ethnicity, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, or disability. Our inclusive culture is key to our success, helping us build products that meet our members' diverse needs. We are One Team, committed to transparency and ensuring everyone’s voice is heard.</em></p>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section">&nbsp;</div>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section"><strong>Disclaimer</strong></div>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section">&nbsp;</div>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section"><em>It has come to our attention that individuals or agencies are falsely claiming to represent Tide and are reaching out to candidates regarding job opportunities. Please be aware that:</em></div>
<ul class="p-rich\_text\_list p-rich\_text\_list\_\_bullet p-rich\_text\_list--nested" data-stringify-type="unordered-list" data-list-tree="true" data-indent="0" data-border="0">
<li style="font-style: italic;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><em>Tide does&nbsp;<strong data-stringify-type="bold">not</strong>&nbsp;charge any fees at any stage of the recruitment process.</em></li>
<li style="font-style: italic;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><em>All official Tide job opportunities are listed exclusively on our&nbsp;<a href="https://www.tide.co/careers/" target="\_blank"><strong data-stringify-type="bold">Careers Page</strong></a>&nbsp;and applications should be submitted through this channel.</em></li>
<li style="font-style: italic;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><em>Communication from Tide will only come from an official&nbsp;<strong data-stringify-type="bold">@tide</strong><strong data-stringify-type="bold">.co</strong>&nbsp;email address.</em></li>
<li style="font-style: italic;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><em>Tide does not work with agencies or recruiters without prior formal engagement, and we do not authorize third parties to make job offers on our behalf.</em></li>
</ul>
<p><em>If you are contacted by anyone misrepresenting Tide or requesting payment, please treat it as fraudulent and report it to us immediately at <a href="mailto:talent@tide.co" target="\_blank">talent@tide.co</a><br>Your safety and trust are important to us, and we are committed to ensuring a fair and transparent recruitment process.</em></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><em><em data-stringify-type="italic">Tide leverages AI to enhance our hiring experience. You can read more about how we use AI in our recruitment process in our <a href="https://assets.ctfassets.net/3h69mkdgxn20/5MFtWSdG8YLKq3jZkK52NY/3f18633073e6cdbd03bba4b9791c64f4/Using\_AI\_throughout\_the\_Hiring\_Process.pdf" target="\_blank">AI Policy</a>.</em></em></p>
<p><em><em data-stringify-type="italic">Your personal data will be processed by Tide for recruitment purposes and in accordance with </em><em data-stringify-type="italic"><a class="c-link" href="https://assets.ctfassets.net/3h69mkdgxn20/4TE0uAE3SXomATDVneocNA/aa31893960b4064dd406ad15d029dcd3/Recruitment\_Privacy\_Notice.pdf" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://assets.ctfassets.net/3h69mkdgxn20/1MYf6q4ZMWugpeaROVETBN/526e9c160a2de03576413c81657c6466/Recruitment\_Privacy\_Notice\_\_Final\_Draft\_\_Sep\_2024\_.pdf" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">Tide's Recruitment Privacy Notice</a></em><em data-stringify-type="italic">.</em></em></p></div>