<h4>Junior Account Manager – German&nbsp;Speaker | Barcelona</h4>
<p>At <strong>SumUp</strong>, we are driven to empower small businesses across the globe by de-hassling their lives and helping them to succeed. Our vision as a global FinTech company is to build the first-ever global card acceptance brand, and we are well on our way as small businesses in over 33 countries around the world rely on SumUp to get paid. To get there, we are putting together an awesome team that is committed to one another and to our merchants. You could be our missing link! Help us bring card acceptance to the masses!</p>
<p>The Junior Account Manager is a commercially focused role responsible for driving revenue growth across an existing merchant portfolio through outbound engagement, negotiation, upselling, and proactive retention actions.</p>
<p><strong>What you’ll do</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Own a portfolio of existing merchants and drive revenue growth</li>
<li>Proactively engage merchants to increase transaction volumes, adoption of additional products, and long-term retention</li>
<li>Negotiate pricing, fees, and product adoption within defined guidelinesIdentify and execute upsell and cross-sell opportunities</li>
<li>Run churn-prevention and win-back campaigns, balancing commercial opportunity with revenue quality</li>
<li>Prioritise outreach based on portfolio signals and performance indicators</li>
<li>Consistently work towards clear commercial targets and KPIs, with commission as a key component of compensation</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>&nbsp;What we’re looking for</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>At least 1 year of experience in Sales Development, Sales or Account Management</li>
<li>Experience in upselling and cross-selling in a B2B or Fintech environment is a strong plus</li>
<li>Excellent verbal and written proficiency in both German and English</li>
<li>Strong organisational skills to manage multiple tasks and priorities effectively</li>
<li>Proven track record of consistently meeting or exceeding KPIs.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Why you should join SumUp:</strong></p>
<p>🌎Opportunity to work with SumUppers globally on large-scale fintech products used by millions of businesses worldwide, from our Barcelona office. This involves an office-first setup</p>
<p>🥗Restaurant tickets (powered by Edenred)</p>
<p>🌈 Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion: Be part of a workplace that values and promotes diversity, fostering an inclusive environment where everyone's perspectives are respected and embraced</p>
<p>📚 A dedicated annual L&amp;D budget of €2000 for attending conferences and/or advancing your career through further education</p>
<p>🔄 30 Days Sabbatical: Enjoy the unique opportunity to take a well-deserved break with our 30 days sabbatical benefit after completing 3 years of employment with SumUp</p>
<p>🔗 Referral Bonus: Earn additional rewards by referring talented individuals to join the SumUp team</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong><em>About SumUp</em></strong></p>
<p>We believe in the everyday hero. Small business owners are at the heart of all we do, so we're creating tools that help them run their businesses. With a founder’s mentality and a 'team-first' attitude, our diverse teams across Europe, South America, and the United States work together to ensure that the small business owners we partner with can be successful doing what they love.</p>
<p>SumUp is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer that proudly pursues and hires a diverse workforce. SumUp does not make hiring or employment decisions on the basis of race, color, religion or religious belief, ethnic or national origin, nationality, sex, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, disability, age or any other basis protected by applicable laws or prohibited by company policy. SumUp also strives for a healthy and safe workplace and strictly prohibits harassment of any kind.</p>
<p>SumUp will not accept unsolicited resumes from any source other than directly from a candidate.</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>Job Application Tip</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We recognise that candidates feel they need to meet 100% of the job criteria in order to apply for a job. Please note that this is only a guide. If you don’t tick every box, it’s ok too because it means you have room to learn and develop your career at SumUp.</span></p></div>