<p>We are looking for a Recruiting Sourcer to play a key role in the continued growth and success of Datadog by finding exceptional talent. The Recruiting Sourcer will partner closely with Recruiters to develop creative and tailored strategies to engage passive candidates. You will be the first point of contact for new candidates in the hiring process, playing a critical role in identifying great candidates and telling the Datadog story.</p>
<p><em>At Datadog, we place value in our office culture - the relationships and collaboration it builds and the creativity it brings to the table. We operate as a hybrid workplace to ensure our Datadogs can create a work-life harmony that best fits them.</em></p>
<p><strong>What You’ll Do:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Generate and maintain active and passive candidate pipeline for complex, hard-to-fill positions using various sources such as: LinkedIn Recruiter, Gem, Sourcing Campaigns, Google X Ray searching, previous event attendee lists, etc..&nbsp;</li>
<li>Amplify and champion job openings internally and work with our employee base to find hidden talent in their networks.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Develop and implement strategic sourcing plans and track progress throughout the search to be shared with stakeholders</li>
<li>Use your own research to get creative on where to find talent that otherwise might stay off the radar including diverse talent</li>
<li>Map out the talent market, keeping a pulse of talent flow, market attrition, and which companies employ the talent we are after&nbsp;</li>
<li>Specialize in event/project management, messaging analysis, creative prospecting, and stakeholder engagement&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Who You Are:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>An established Recruiter or Sourcer with 3+ years of experience working for a search firm or in-house recruiting team for high volume recruiting</li>
<li>An individual with a high sense of urgency, strong communication skills and detail-oriented</li>
<li>Tenacious and passionate about sourcing and engaging candidates&nbsp;</li>
<li>Able to work independently and simultaneously on multiple roles</li>
<li>An individual with a proven track record of engaging talent through tools with an ability to turn passive prospects into candidates&nbsp;</li>
<li>Creative, innovative, intellectually curious and results driven</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><em>Datadog values people from all walks of life. We understand not everyone will meet all the above qualifications on day one. That's okay. If you’re passionate about technology and want to grow your skills, we encourage you to apply.</em></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Benefits and Growth:</strong>&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>Generous and competitive benefits package</li>
<li>New hire stock equity (RSUs) and employee stock purchase plan</li>
<li>Continuous career development and pathing opportunities&nbsp;</li>
<li>Product training to develop an in-depth understanding of our product and space</li>
<li>Best in breed onboarding</li>
<li>Internal mentor and buddy program cross-departmentally</li>
<li>Friendly and inclusive workplace culture</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><em>Benefits and Growth listed above may vary based on the country of your employment and the nature of your employment with Datadog.</em></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p style="color: white;">#LI-Hybrid</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p><div class="content-conclusion"><hr>
<p><strong>About Datadog:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>Datadog (NASDAQ: DDOG) is a global SaaS business, delivering a rare combination of growth and profitability. We are on a mission to break down silos and solve complexity in the cloud age by enabling digital transformation, cloud migration, and infrastructure monitoring of our customers’ entire technology stacks. Built by engineers, for engineers, Datadog is used by organizations of all sizes across a wide range of industries. Together, we champion professional development, diversity of thought, innovation, and work excellence to empower continuous growth. Join the pack and become part of a collaborative, pragmatic, and thoughtful people-first community where we solve tough problems, take smart risks, and celebrate one another. Learn more about #DatadogLife on <a href="https://www.instagram.com/datadoghq/?hl=en" target="\_blank">Instagram</a>, <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/company/datadog" target="\_blank">LinkedIn,</a> and <a href="https://learn.datadoghq.com/" target="\_blank">Datadog Learning Center. </a></p>
<hr>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="215"><strong data-renderer-mark="true">Equal Opportunity at Datadog:</strong></p>
<p>Datadog is proud to offer <a href="https://www.eeoc.gov/sites/default/files/2023-06/22-088\_EEOC\_KnowYourRights6.12ScreenRdr.pdf" target="\_blank">equal employment opportunity</a> to everyone regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity, veteran status, and other characteristics protected by law. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. Here are our <a href="https://www.datadoghq.com/legal/candidate-legal-notices/" target="\_blank">Candidate Legal Notices</a> for your reference.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Datadog endeavors to make our Careers Page accessible to all users. If you would like to contact us regarding the accessibility of our website or need assistance completing the application process, please complete <a href="https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSeoJeduEZ2NdZF\_65uZmWUrCM-zee7yADXX1s6Xr9zAGq8iKA/viewform" target="\_blank">this form</a>. This form is for accommodation requests only and cannot be used to inquire about the status of applications.&nbsp;</p>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="662"><strong data-renderer-mark="true">Privacy and AI Guidelines:</strong></p>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="662">Any information you submit to Datadog as part of your application will be processed in accordance with Datadog’s&nbsp;<a class="c-link" href="https://www.datadoghq.com/legal/applicant-candidate-privacy/" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://www.datadoghq.com/legal/applicant-candidate-privacy/" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">Applicant and Candidate Privacy Notice</a>. For information on our AI policy, please visit <a href="https://www.datadoghq.com/legal/interviewing-at-datadog-ai-guidelines/" target="\_blank">Interviewing at Datadog AI Guidelines</a>.</p></div>