<div class="content-intro"><p><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif; font-size: 12pt;">Airbnb was born in 2007 when two hosts welcomed three guests to their San Francisco home, and has since grown to over 5 million hosts who have welcomed over 2 billion guest arrivals in almost every country across the globe. Every day, hosts offer unique stays and experiences that make it possible for guests to connect with communities in a more authentic way.</span></p></div><p><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; color: #000000;"><strong>The Difference You Will Make:</strong></span></p>
<p>The Workforce Management (WFM) Scheduler is vital in ensuring we have the best possible support for our guests and hosts within Customer Support operations. As the Customer Support scheduler, you will be responsible for the allocation of headcount across multiple sites, channels and tiers and be expected to manage these and the relationships with partner WFM teams. You would be an important part of a fast moving and high profile team and be required to work closely with cross-functional teams to achieve the best results.&nbsp;</p>
<p><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; color: #000000;"><strong>A Typical Day: </strong></span></p>
<ul>
<li>Partner with operations to generate and deploy schedules based on language, skill and contact channel</li>
<li>Set up, manage and maintain schedules for several internal teams</li>
<li>Manage, build and track/report schedule demand for multiple partner sites with multiple channels and languages across a shared queue environment</li>
<li>Build and run scheduling scenarios and provide analysis of potential impacts of new lines of business, changes to SLA, routing, skilling etc.</li>
<li>Work closely with the broader Workforce Management (WFM) team to understand all aspects of capacity planning and forecasting</li>
<li>Track, analyse and report employee performance with reports from Genesys</li>
<li>Analyse and report historical data and trends, daily, weekly, monthly etc.</li>
<li>Analyse performance data to identify opportunities to operate more effectively and efficiently</li>
<li>Effectively communicate across the broader Airbnb team and our outsource partners, including preparing performance reporting and the delivery of them at WBR/MBR and QBR’s.&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; color: #000000;"><strong>Your Expertise:</strong></span></p>
<ul>
<li>Bachelor’s Degree or equivalent experience is required.</li>
<li>Must have a minimum 5 years of experience in a contact center management role.</li>
<li>Experience with Genesys WFM (preferred) or similar applications (i.e. IEX/NICE, Aspect/eWFM) is a must</li>
<li>Well-developed problem-solving and analytical skills with attention to detail</li>
<li>Ability to effectively communicate complex information clearly to a non WFM/technical audience</li>
<li>Exposure to Interactive Insights, Tableau and SQL preferred&nbsp;&nbsp;</li>
<li>Eagerness to learn &amp; manage multiple technical systems</li>
<li>Ability to process large amounts of complex raw data and present in a comprehensible fashion</li>
<li>Self-motivated and driven, used to being in a fast-paced environment</li>
<li>Previous experience with ACD reporting and administration is a plus</li>
<li>Solid knowledge of Excel and Google Docs</li>
<li>A dedicated team player and relationship builder</li>
<li>Readiness to travel to other offices nationally and internationally on occasion.</li>
</ul>
<p><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; color: #000000;"><strong>Our Commitment To Inclusion &amp; Belonging:</strong></span></p>
<p><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; color: #000000;">Airbnb is committed to working with the broadest talent pool possible. We believe diverse ideas foster innovation and engagement, and allow us to attract creatively-led people, and to develop the best products, services and solutions. All qualified individuals are encouraged to apply.</span></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>