<div class="content-intro"><p>Iterable is the leading AI-powered customer engagement platform that helps leading brands like Redfin, SeatGeek, Priceline, Calm, and Box create dynamic, individualized experiences at scale. Our platform empowers organizations to activate customer data, design seamless cross-channel interactions, and optimize engagement—all with enterprise-grade security and compliance. Today, nearly 1,200 brands across 50+ countries rely on Iterable to drive growth, deepen customer relationships, and deliver joyful customer experiences.</p>
<p>Our success is powered by extraordinary people who bring our core values—Trust, Growth Mindset, Balance, and Humility—to life. We foster a culture of innovation, collaboration, and inclusion, where ideas are valued and individuals are empowered to do their best work. That’s why we’ve been recognized as one of <a href="https://www.inc.com/best-workplaces/2022">Inc’s Best Workplaces</a> and <a href="https://iterable.com/blog/inc-names-iterable-one-of-americas-fastest-growing-companies/">Fastest Growing Companies</a>, and were recognized on Forbes’ list of America’s Best Startup Employers in 2022. Notably, Iterable has also been listed on<a href="https://blog.wealthfront.com/announcing-2021-career-launching-companies/"> Wealthfront’s Career Launching Companies List</a> and has held a top 10 ranking on the<a href="https://wearegirlsclub.com/top-25-companies-where-women-want-to-work/"> Top 25 Companies Where Women Want to Work</a>.</p>
<p>With a global presence—including offices in San Francisco, New York, Denver, London, and Lisbon, plus remote employees worldwide—we are committed to building a diverse and inclusive workplace. We welcome candidates from all backgrounds and encourage you to apply. Learn more about our story and mission on our<a href="https://iterable.com/culture/"> Culture</a> and<a href="https://iterable.com/company/"> About Us</a> pages. Let’s shape the future of customer engagement together!</p></div><p><strong>How you will make an impact:</strong></p>
<p>As a Commercial MidMarket Account Executive at Iterable, you'll drive the full sales cycle from prospect to close across a variety of industries. This role is great for sellers with experience prospecting and closing deals with an average deal size (ADS) larger than most mid-market teams looking to expand their skills with a complex sales cycle selling a solution to meet entire department(s) needs.&nbsp;</p>
<p>We're looking to expand our Commercial Sales team with people who are intellectually curious and are strong advocates for their customers, all while keeping our company values of Humility, Trust, Growth Mindset, and Balance top of mind. You know how to sell innovation and disruption and you thrive as part of an engaged team that supports each other and our customers. We strongly believe in the growth and development of each new hire, and Iterable offers a lot of opportunities for internal progression. This role will be reporting to the Director, Commercial Sales.</p>
<p>One of our core values is a growth mindset and Iterable is a company where everyone can grow. If this is a role that excites you, please do apply as we value applicants for the skills they bring beyond a job description.</p>
<p><strong>Responsibilities:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Identify and close net-new sales opportunities within target accounts with the opportunity for upselling and expansion while utilizing a consistent and repeatable sales process</li>
<li>Build and leverage relationships with C-level Marketing and other executives to influence decision making around marketing solution investments</li>
<li>Drive engaging conversations with commercial marketers at some of the most exciting companies in the world to help them unlock their data, use it more efficiently at unheard-of scale, and develop deeper customer relationships</li>
<li>Manage sales activity including monthly and quarterly forecasting of revenue in Salesforce and achieve quota quarterly</li>
<li>Interface with all levels of target organizations from individual contributors to C-level executives via video and in-person meetings (as needed)</li>
<li>Present Iterable’s product using values-based sales approaches and techniques working alongside Solutions Consultants</li>
<li>Collaborate and coordinate with internal teams (senior management, solutions, marketing, etc.) throughout the deal process</li>
<li>Partner closely with your assigned Sales Development Representative (SDR) to strategize and execute on your outbound prospecting plan</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>We are looking for people who:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Experience identifying and closing $50k-250K ARR deals</li>
<li>Understanding of how to drive Saas business application sales with a strong value add proposition</li>
<li>Understand the need and importance of building and sourcing their own pipeline</li>
<li>Demonstrated success closing complex, multi-threaded deals using a consultative, value-selling approach</li>
<li>Growth mindset around personal and professional development; intellectually curious and ambitious</li>
<li>Customer-centric approach with the ability to deeply understand Iterable’s technology and build strong relationships with technical customers</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Bonus points:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Familiarity with enterprise email marketing and/or marketing automation solutions</li>
<li>Experience with sales tools (SFDC, Outreach, Zoom) and trainings (MEDDPICC, Value Selling, Command the Message)</li>
<li>Experience collaborating cross-functionally using a team selling approach with demonstrated success leveraging internal and external stakeholders to close deals</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Perks &amp; Benefits:</strong>&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>Competitive salary, meaningful equity, &amp; pension</li>
<li>Comprehensive Private Medical Insurance</li>
<li>Balance Days (additional paid holidays)</li>
<li>Paid parental leave</li>
<li>Fertility &amp; Adoption Assistance</li>
<li>Paid Sabbatical</li>
<li>Flexible PTO</li>
<li>Monthly Employee Wellness allowance</li>
<li>Monthly Professional Development allowance</li>
<li>Complete laptop workstation</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong data-stringify-type="bold">Recruitment Disclaimer:</strong></p>
<p>Please be aware that Iterable, Inc. (“Iterable”) and our official professional recruiting agencies and platforms do not:</p>
<ul>
<li>Send job offers from free email services like Gmail, Yahoo mail, Hotmail, etc.</li>
<li>Request money, fees, or payment of any kind from prospective candidates to apply to Iterable, for employment, or for the recruitment process (e.g. for home office supplies, or training, etc.).</li>
<li>Request or require personal documents like bank account details, tax forms, or credit card information as part of the recruitment process prior to the candidate signing an engagement letter or an employment contract with Iterable.</li>
</ul>
<p>You may see all job vacancies on our official Iterable channels:</p>
<ul>
<li>Official Iterable website, Careers page: <a href="https://iterable.com/careers/">https://iterable.com/careers/</a></li>
<li>Official LinkedIn Jobs page: <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/company/iterable/jobs/">https://www.linkedin.com/company/iterable/jobs/</a></li>
</ul>
<p>Iterable is not affiliated in any way to these impostors and we hereby confirm that such individuals/entities are not authorized, encouraged, or sponsored to act on behalf of Iterable. Such job opportunities are entirely fake and not valid. Therefore, please disregard any written or oral request for a job offer or an interview that you believe is or might be fraudulent or suspicious and immediately reach out to us via email at <strong><a class="c-link" href="mailto:talent-ops@iterable.com" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="mailto:talent-ops@iterable.com" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">talent-ops@iterable.com</a>&nbsp;</strong>upon receiving a suspicious job offer.</p>
<p>Criminal and/or civil liabilities may arise from such actions, and Iterable expressly reserves the right to take legal action, including criminal action, against such individuals/entities whenever such phenomena occur. In any case, please note that under no circumstances shall Iterable and any of its affiliates be held liable or responsible for any claims, losses, damages, expenses or other inconvenience resulting from or in any way connected to the actions of these impostors.<span style="font-weight: 400;"><br><br>Iterable is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer that proudly pursues and hires a diverse workforce. Iterable does not make hiring or employment decisions on the basis of race, color, religion or religious belief, ethnic or national origin, nationality, sex, gender, gender-identity, sexual orientation, disability, age, military or veteran status, or any other basis protected by applicable local, state, or federal laws or prohibited by Company policy. Iterable also strives for a healthy and safe workplace and strictly prohibits harassment of any kind. Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance and other similar state laws and local ordinances, and its internal policy, Iterable will also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.</span></p></div>