<div class="content-intro"><p>Celonis is the global leader in Process Intelligence and the pioneer of Process Mining technology. As one of the world’s fastest-growing enterprise SaaS companies, we are changemakers pushing the boundaries of what’s possible. We invest heavily in advanced AI capabilities—specifically our Process Intelligence Graph—to turn data insights into immediate business action. We believe there is a massive opportunity to unlock global productivity and sustainability by placing intelligence at the core of every business process. Join our mission to make processes work for people, companies, and the planet.</p></div><p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>The Team:</strong></p>
<p>Celonis Process Management is at the forefront of revolutionizing business process management with the introduction of Symbio, an innovative AI-driven software. We create Business Process Management Software that lets employees do their best work. We believe that, from the production line to the executive board, everyone in an organization essentially wants the same thing: Flow. Everything we do at Celonis is in the service of creating Flow and allowing for a new kind of business processes: Of the people. By the people. For the people. Flow is not an end in itself. It fosters a healthier process culture – with better transparency, lower churn, and much more engagement. It makes us proud and motivated to have the highest process adoption rate throughout the BPM space.</p>
<p><strong>Join us if you’re looking to grow your management skills, engineering knowledge and have a significant impact on the next generation of Celonis Process Management.</strong></p>
<p><strong>The Role:</strong><strong><br></strong>As an Engineering Manager for our Celonis Process Management team, you will lead the design and delivery of cutting-edge solutions to integrate Process Management seamlessly into the Celonis Platform. This role is at the crossroads of technology, user experience, and strategic impact, driving the next wave of innovation in process management.</p>
<p>Your team will focus on building robust, scalable APIs and microservices leveraging C#, Azure, and modern microservice architectures to deliver high-performing, extensible solutions. These technologies will empower users to simplify complex processes, integrate process insights into their workflows, and identify opportunities to optimize their business operations.</p>
<p>You will foster an environment of growth and collaboration, guiding your engineers as they tackle technical challenges. By mentoring and coaching your team, you will help them excel in their careers while maintaining a high standard of quality and innovation. Your leadership will ensure the delivery of solutions that are reliable, scalable, and able to meet the demanding needs of Celonis users.</p>
<p>Your work at Celonis will directly impact companies and people around the globe as they improve their processes to save money, reduce waste, improve automation and generally become more efficient. For example, Celonis can help a company understand their carbon footprint in order to reduce CO2 emissions and deliver a healthier planet for future generations.</p>
<p><strong>The work you’ll do:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Lead a team of talented engineers in designing and delivering scalable solutions for integrating Process Management into the Celonis Platform.</li>
<li>Use technical judgment and intuition about customer behavior to determine the best paths forward on the features we have and trade off properties like time to implement, maintainability, scalability, performance, etc.</li>
<li>Work closely with other engineering teams, x-functional stakeholders, and leads to ensure the development and delivery of impactful product features that drive customer value and shape the overall product strategy</li>
<li>Manage the performance and support the career development of engineers up to the Staff level</li>
<li>Build and maintain an engineering culture of trust, ownership, and collaboration within the larger Celonis organization, including providing upward and outward visibility of the team and their work.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>The product you’ll work on:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>You’ll help build the next generation of Celonis Process Management!</li>
<li>Has features that make it easier to model customers processes</li>
<li>Allow all users in a company to use the knowledge out of our system</li>
<li>Partner with our AI teams to suggest modeling steps that save users time describing their complex source data</li>
<li>Build towards enabling all-of-business process insights</li>
<li>High visibility to sales &amp; executive leadership</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>The qualifications you need:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>3+ years of experience in an Engineering Manager or technical leadership position leading projects and people</li>
<li>8+ years as Software Engineer (Mandatory)</li>
<li>Strong technical knowledge (staff engineer-level knowledge of software engineering is expected)</li>
<li>Experience working with technologies like C# and Azure (Java as nice to have) and microservices&nbsp;</li>
<li>Strong communication skills, allowing you to collaborate smoothly with people across multiple roles &amp; countries</li>
<li>Knowledge of day-to-day team organization methodologies like agile</li>
<li>Ability to lead and make decisions to define the road ahead</li>
<li>Ability to resolve technical conflicts when necessary, fostering a positive environment for escalations</li>
<li>Ready to roll up your sleeves to help your team</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>What Celonis can offer you:</strong></p>
<ul class="p-rich\_text\_list p-rich\_text\_list\_\_bullet p-rich\_text\_list--nested" data-stringify-type="unordered-list" data-list-tree="true" data-indent="0" data-border="0">
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Pioneer Innovation:</span> Work with the global leader in Process Mining and the Process Intelligence Graph to shape the future of AI-driven business operations.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Ownership from Day 1:</span> Every full-time "Celonaut" is an owner, receiving Restricted Stock Units (RSUs) and merit-based refresh grants.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Unrivaled Family Support:</span> Benefit from our inclusive parental leave policy—24 weeks of fully paid leave for primary carers and 12 weeks for supporting carers, available from your first day of employment.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Work-Life Integration:</span> Enjoy Unlimited PTO (in applicable regions) and generous PTO globally, as well as a flexible hybrid work model that balances remote focus with vibrant office collaboration.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Continuous Growth:</span> Elevate your skills through our 70-20-10 learning framework, mentorship programs, and access to a dedicated learning platform.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Holistic Well-being:</span> Prioritize your health with subsidized Wellhub memberships, mental health counseling, and dedicated "Wellness Weeks" that prioritize work/life balance.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Drive Sustainability:</span> Participate in annual Impact Days, where you receive paid time off to volunteer for community and environmental causes with your local office, or virtually.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Global Inclusion &amp; Belonging:</span> Find community through our Inclusion Think Tank and participate in our annual Inclusion Days, ensuring every voice is heard and valued.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Value-Driven Impact:</span> Join a mission-led organization where our core values—Live for Customer Value, The Best Team Wins, We Own It, and Earth Is Our Future—drive every decision.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>About Us:</strong></p>
<p>Celonis makes processes work — for people, companies, and the planet. Powered by process mining and AI, the Celonis Process Intelligence Platform integrates process data and business context to create a living digital twin of business operations. We enable thousands of companies worldwide to understand how their business actually runs and, together with their partners, build intelligent solutions that transform and continuously improve the way they operate — unlocking billions in value. Celonis is headquartered in Munich, Germany, and New York City, USA, with more than 20 offices worldwide.</p>
<p><br>Get familiar with the Celonis Process Intelligence Platform by watching this <a href="https://academy.celonis.com/learn/video/discover-the-ems">video</a>.</p>
<p><strong>Celonis Inclusion Statement:</strong></p>
<p>At Celonis, we believe our people make us who we are and that “The Best Team Wins”. We know that the best teams are made up of people who bring different perspectives to the table. And when everyone feels included, able to speak up and knows their voice is heard - that's when creativity and innovation happen.<strong><br></strong></p>
<p><strong>Your Privacy:</strong></p>
<p>Any information you submit to Celonis as part of your application will be processed in accordance with Celonis’ <a href="https://www.celonis.com/careers/candidate-notices">Accessibility and Candidate Notices</a></p>
<p>By submitting this application, you confirm that you agree to the storing and processing of your personal data by Celonis as described in our <a href="https://www.celonis.com/careers/privacy-notice/">Privacy Notice for the Application and Hiring Process</a>.</p>
<p>Please be aware of common job offer scams, impersonators and frauds. Learn more <a href="https://www.celonis.com/careers/fraud-alert/">here</a>.</p></div>