<p><strong>This position is On Site&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p><strong>Customer Support Agent - Dutch speaker</strong></p>
<p><strong><br></strong>At SumUp, we are driven to empower small businesses across the globe by de-hassling their lives and helping them to succeed. Our vision as a global FinTech company is to build the first-ever global card acceptance brand, and we are well on our way as small businesses in over 33 countries around the world rely on SumUp to get paid. To get there, we are putting together an awesome team that is committed to one another and to our merchants. You could be our missing link! Help us bring card acceptance to the masses!</p>
<p>In this role, you will support our POS users!</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>What you’ll do:</strong></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>Guarantee the management and prioritisation of the customer demands and solve them</li>
<li>Offer an unwavering quality to our customers</li>
<li>Manage diverse requests&nbsp;</li>
<li>Ensure an adequate communication and accompany the internal teams in case of major incidents</li>
<li>Be in contact with the customers in different channels (calls, emails, chats)</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>You’ll be great for this position if you’re:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>Fluent in Dutch and English</li>
<li>Problem-solver</li>
<li>Outstanding communicator and customer-oriented</li>
<li>Keen to evolve in a start-up environment</li>
<li>Flexible working on a Shift rotating schedule</li>
<li>Happy to work at our Amsterdam HQ</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Why you should join SumUp?</strong></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>🌎Opportunity to work with SumUppers globally on large-scale fintech products used by millions of businesses worldwide, from our Amsterdam office. This involves an office-first setup.</p>
<p>🌈 Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion: Be part of a workplace that values and promotes diversity, fostering an inclusive environment where everyone's perspectives are respected and embraced</p>
<p>📚 A dedicated annual L&amp;D budget of €2000 for attending conferences and/or advancing your career through further education</p>
<p>🥗 Free meals</p>
<p>🔄 30 Days Sabbatical: Enjoy the unique opportunity to take a well-deserved break with our 30 days sabbatical benefit after completing 3 years of employment with SumUp</p>
<p>🔗 Referral Bonus: Earn additional rewards by referring talented individuals to join the SumUp team</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>About SumUp</strong></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We believe in the everyday hero.</span></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Small business owners are at the heart of all we do, so we create powerful, easy-to-use financial solutions to help them run their businesses. With a founder’s mentality and a 'team-first’ attitude, our diverse teams across Europe, South America and the United States work together to ensure that the small business owners we partner with can be successful doing what they love.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><em><span style="font-weight: 400;">SumUp is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer that proudly pursues and hires a diverse workforce. SumUp does not make hiring or employment decisions on the basis of race, colour, religion or religious belief, ethnic or national origin, nationality, sex, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, disability, age or any other basis protected by applicable laws or prohibited by company policy. SumUp also strives for a healthy and safe workplace and strictly prohibits harassment of any kind.</span></em></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><em><span style="font-weight: 400;">SumUp will not accept unsolicited resumes from any source other than directly from a candidate.</span></em><em><span style="font-weight: 400;">&nbsp;</span></em></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>Job Application Tip</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We recognise that candidates feel they need to meet 100% of the job criteria in order to apply for a job. Please note that this is only a guide. If you don’t tick every box, it’s ok too because it means you have room to learn and develop your career at SumUp.</span></p></div>