<div class="content-intro"><p>Intercom is the AI Customer Service company on a mission to help businesses provide incredible customer experiences.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Our AI agent Fin, the most advanced customer service AI agent on the market, lets businesses deliver always-on, impeccable customer service and ultimately transform their customer experiences for the better. Fin can also be combined with our Helpdesk to become a complete solution called the Intercom Customer Service Suite, which provides AI enhanced support for the more complex or high touch queries that require a human agent.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Founded in 2011 and trusted by nearly 30,000 global businesses, Intercom is setting the new standard for customer service. Driven by our core values, we push boundaries, build with speed and intensity, and consistently deliver incredible value to our customers.</p></div><h2>What's the opportunity?&nbsp;</h2>
<p>As a Business Development Representative, you will play a critical role in driving revenue growth for the Intercom Sales organization through effective pipeline generation. Our role is to lay the foundation for Intercom Sales by engaging with prospects and customers, helping them understand the value of Intercom through creative &amp; engaging prospecting.</p>
<p>We invest in our BDRs. We strongly believe in giving our team the opportunities to grow &amp; develop at Intercom, to push themselves outside of their comfort zones to achieve goals they never thought possible.&nbsp; In joining the Business Development team at Intercom, you join a community that believes in development and promotion from within. We’re looking for people who are excited to work in a fast-moving company, make an impact, and rapidly develop their career in sales.</p>
<p>As a BDR team, we empower one another to achieve our goals, exceed expectations and continue to deliver real business impact. We’re looking for a teammate to do the same!</p>
<h2>What will I be doing?&nbsp;</h2>
<ul>
<li>Creating and prioritizing strategic target account lists with Account Executives</li>
<li>Generating new business pipeline for Account Executives through cold calling, email, social etc.</li>
<li>Providing a great experience for Intercom’s prospective customers</li>
<li>Maintaining an up-to-date knowledge of our product and its value to customers</li>
<li>Demonstrating an ability to attract new customers</li>
<li>Working with other functions to improve business processes</li>
<li>Engaging in team development and mentoring</li>
</ul>
<h2>What skills do I need?&nbsp;</h2>
<ul>
<li>Strong desire to build a career in Sales, you want to be an Account Executive or a closing based role in the future</li>
<li>1+ year of customer-facing work experience (Sales and/or SaaS experience is a +)</li>
<li>Operational Excellence:&nbsp;</li>
<ul>
<li>You can use your time in an effective and efficient manner to complete revenue driving activities, you can quickly identify where to focus your efforts to drive more pipeline.</li>
</ul>
<li>Competitive Landscape &amp; Industry Knowledge is crucial.&nbsp;</li>
<ul>
<li>You’ll bring an understanding of the SaaS landscape and our target verticals. You always want to stay on top of the latest news &amp; industry trends.&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<li>Prospecting skills (cold calling, email, social)</li>
<ul>
<li>You know how to leverage modern sales engagement tools to deliver prospect engagement across multiple channels (phone, email, LinkedIn)</li>
</ul>
<li>Communication</li>
<ul>
<li>You can articulate your thoughts and express ideas effectively using verbal, written and non-verbal communication skills (to inform, instruct, and persuade), to different audiences.</li>
<li>You listen effectively and love to partner and collaborate with your peers</li>
</ul>
<li>Growth Mindset</li>
<ul>
<li>You’re self-aware and understand both your strengths and weaknesses. You understand every day is an opportunity to be 1% better than the day before. You proactively seek feedback.</li>
</ul>
<li>Results Oriented</li>
<ul>
<li>You bring a never settle approach to quota, progression and team development. Results oriented SDRs are hungry to succeed and raise the bar.</li>
</ul>
</ul>
<h2>Bonus skills &amp; attributes&nbsp;</h2>
<ul>
<li>Bachelor's Degree preferred</li>
<li>Familiarity with these systems and tools: (SFDC, Outreach, Cognism, Zoominfo, LinkedIn Sales Navigator)</li>
</ul>
<h2>Benefits&nbsp;</h2>
<p>We are a well treated bunch, with awesome benefits! If there’s something important to you that’s not on this list, talk to us!&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>Competitive salary and equity in a fast-growing start-up</li>
<li>We serve lunch every weekday, plus a variety of snack foods and a fully stocked kitchen</li>
<li>Regular compensation reviews - we reward great work!</li>
<li>Pension scheme &amp; match up to 4%</li>
<li>Peace of mind with life assurance, as well as comprehensive health and dental insurance for you and your dependents</li>
<li>Flexible paid time off policy</li>
<li>Paid maternity leave, as well as 6 weeks paternity leave for fathers, to let you spend valuable time with your loved ones</li>
<li>If you’re cycling, we’ve got you covered on the Cycle-to-Work Scheme. With secure bike storage too&nbsp;</li>
<li>MacBooks are our standard, but we also offer Windows for certain roles when needed.</li>
</ul>
<p>#LI-Hybrid</p>
<p>#LI-RH1</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>Policies&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>Intercom has a hybrid working policy. We believe that working in person helps us stay connected, collaborate easier and create a great culture while still providing flexibility to work from home. We expect employees to be in the office at least three days per week.</p>
<p>We have a radically open and accepting culture at Intercom. We avoid spending time on divisive subjects to foster a safe and cohesive work environment for everyone. As an organization, our policy is to not advocate on behalf of the company or our employees on any social or political topics out of our internal or external communications. We respect personal opinion and expression on these topics on personal social platforms on personal time, and do not challenge or confront anyone for their views on non-work related topics. Our goal is to focus on doing incredible work to achieve our goals and unite the company through our <a href="https://www.intercom.com/careers">core values</a>.&nbsp;&nbsp;</p>
<p>Intercom values diversity and is committed to a policy of Equal Employment Opportunity. Intercom will not discriminate against an applicant or employee on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, national origin, ancestry, sex, gender, age, physical or mental disability, veteran or military status, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, marital status, or any other legally recognized protected basis under federal, state, or local law.</p></div>