<div class="content-intro"><p><strong>COMPANY OVERVIEW</strong></p>
<p>KKR is a leading global investment firm that offers alternative asset management as well as capital markets and insurance solutions. KKR aims to generate attractive investment returns by following a patient and disciplined investment approach, employing world-class people, and supporting growth in its portfolio companies and communities. KKR sponsors investment funds that invest in private equity, credit and real assets and has strategic partners that manage hedge funds. KKR’s insurance subsidiaries offer retirement, life and reinsurance products under the management of Global Atlantic Financial Group. References to KKR’s investments may include the activities of its sponsored funds and insurance subsidiaries.</p></div><p><strong>KKR's Gurugram</strong> office provides best in class services and solutions to our internal stakeholders and clients, drives organization wide process efficiency and transformation, and reflect KKR's global culture and values of teamwork and innovation. The office contains multifunctional business capabilities and is integral in furthering the growth and transformation of KKR.</p>
<p><strong>TEAM OVERVIEW</strong></p>
<p>Client Operations supports global teams across all business lines and regions within KKR. This is a global team involved in the entire lifecycle of an investor and plays a critical role in ensuring exceptional service delivery to Clients; different verticals in this team are Onboarding, Inquiries, Communications, Investor Services and Reporting. This team partners with internal and external stakeholders to ensure business continuity, add value, protect the firm, and improve the efficiency and effectiveness of operational processes. This is an in-office position based out of Gurugram location.</p>
<p><strong>POSITION SUMMARY</strong></p>
<p>Vice President, Client Operations in Gurugram, is a leadership position responsible for the smooth execution of client operations team in Gurugram across areas of client onboarding, communications &amp; servicing and client reporting. The role is also responsible for collaborating with various functional groups within the firm on day-to-day operations and driving initiatives to implement processes and controls to enhance the client experience. The team functions in a fast-paced environment, consistently collaborating with other teams in the Global Operations group, external agents, and counterparties. The role is accountable for performing day-to-day activities along with the team, overseeing activities performed by the team, hiring, training, and establishing priorities.</p>
<p><strong>ROLES &amp; RESPONSIBILITIES</strong></p>
<p><strong>Operational Excellence</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Be well-versed with investor lifecycle, perform and oversee day-to-day operations.</li>
<li>Ensure all deliverables meet quality, consistency, and accuracy standards.</li>
<li>Engage with fund counsel and other teams for entity formation, onboarding of Clients.</li>
<li>Proactively own processes like Contact Management, Permissions &amp; Entitlements, Audit inquiries.</li>
<li>Connect with global finance teams and ensure investors’ communication are out within due dates.</li>
<li>Validate requests and provide relevant information to investors or auditors with utmost alertness.</li>
<li>Support system upgrades or implementation of new application and work with stakeholders.</li>
<li>Collaborate with stakeholders to define quality metrics and reporting mechanisms.</li>
<li>Ensure thorough documentation of procedures to support operational standards.</li>
<li>Plan for resources based on volume, available head count and allocate responsibilities.</li>
<li>Connect with global peers on a regular basis and to resolve open queries.</li>
<li>Own ad-hoc tasks and projects as needed.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Stakeholder Management &amp; Leadership</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Demonstrate strong leadership and collaboration skills, manage a diverse team with positive energy and inclusivity.</li>
<li>Interact with the team and managers from global teams on a regular basis to understand their requirements, reporting needs, challenges, and drive closure.</li>
<li>Function as a point of escalation for internal and external stakeholders.</li>
<li>Manage process metrics, KPIs, other dashboards at regular frequency, as needed.</li>
<li>Recruit, train, and develop team to enhance their skills and enable a high-performing team.</li>
<li>Effectively manage performance of the team by coaching, providing constructive feedback.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>QUALIFICATIONS</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Bachelor’s Degree in related field (Economics or Finance) required. CFA, CPA or MBA preferred.</li>
<li>15 years of experience in a private equity firm or similar investment environment</li>
<li>Experience in managing and developing high-performing teams</li>
<li>Excellent communication, interpersonal, and stakeholder management skills</li>
<li>Knowledge of private equity and credit business is preferred.</li>
<li>Ability to manage multiple requests daily, track and respond promptly.</li>
<li>Ability to assess risks and apply mitigation controls, adhere to compliance frameworks.</li>
<li>Ability to work flexible hours to support global operations and accommodate different time zones.</li>
<li>Exposure to data integration, data management, data accuracy and robotics is preferred.</li>
<li>Experience related to the following Systems / Tools / Applications is preferred:<br>
<ul>
<li>Salesforce</li>
<li>Snowflake</li>
<li>Jira</li>
<li>PowerBI / Tableau</li>
<li>Advanced proficiency in MS Office Suite</li>
<li>e-Sub Docs</li>
<li>Workflow management tools</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Displays high intellectual curiosity, innovative mindset, integrity, and is result-oriented.</li>
<li>Displays team-work orientation, is highly collaborative and self-reliant.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p>KKR is an equal opportunity employer.&nbsp; Individuals seeking employment are considered without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, veteran status, sexual orientation, or any other category protected by applicable law.</p>
<p>KKR will provide reasonable accommodations as required by applicable federal, state, and/or local laws. Individuals seeking an accommodation for the application or interview process should email&nbsp;<a href="mailto:Benefits@kkr.com">Benefits@kkr.com</a>. Emails sent for unrelated issues, such as following up on an application, will not receive a response.</p>
<p>If you are a qualified individual with a disability or a disabled veteran, you may request a reasonable accommodation if you are unable or limited in your ability to use or access&nbsp;<a href="https://www.kkr.com/careers" data-saferedirecturl="https://www.google.com/url?q=https://www.kkr.com/careers&amp;source=gmail&amp;ust=1774021690220000&amp;usg=AOvVaw1AG2WRszai8PfCsE-FH5EJ">https://www.kkr.com/careers</a>&nbsp;because of your disability. You can request reasonable accommodations by sending an email to&nbsp;<a href="mailto:Benefits@kkr.com">Benefits@kkr.com</a>. Only emails left for this purpose will be returned.</p>
<p><strong>Massachusetts Applicants:</strong>&nbsp;It is unlawful in Massachusetts to require or administer a lie detector test as a condition of employment or continued employment. An employer who violates this law shall be subject to criminal penalties and civil liability. This notice&nbsp;applies only&nbsp;to applicants and employees who work or will work in Massachusetts, in accordance with applicable state law.</p></div>