Position Summary Under supervision, a Certified Nursing Assistant (CNA) provides basic nursing assistance and assists residents with daily living activities.

Essential Duties and Responsibilities

• Answers nurse call system to determine resident needs.

• Assists residents with dressing, grooming, oral hygiene, bathing, hair, and incontinence care.

• Obtains food trays and assists residents with eating.

• Assists residents with range of motion exercises, and movement to/from wheelchair or activity areas.

• Assists resident with turning and positioning in bed.

• Assists resident with ambulation as indicated in the facility.

• Takes and records temperature, blood pressure, pulse and respiration rates, and food and fluid intake and output, as directed.

• Documents ADLs, resident personal cares, and device use on flow sheets or task sheets as directed.

• Attends interdisciplinary meetings as needed to provide input into selected resident's plans of care.

• Documents restorative services provided following facility policies and procedures.

• Assists facility staff to provide person-centered cares based on indicated preferences.

• Ensures punctuality and regular attendance for assigned shifts.

Other Functions Performs other tasks as assigned. Conducts job responsibilities in accordance with the standards set out in the Company's policies and procedures, applicable federal and state laws, and applicable professional standards.

Knowledge, Skills and Abilities Ability to react decisively and quickly in emergency situations. Ability to communicate effectively with residents and their family members, and facility staff. Ability to demonstrate compassion and patience. Ability to maintain resident confidentiality.

Education & Experience High school diploma or equivalent required. Valid certification as a CNA in the state of employment. Valid CPR certificate preferred. Six months experience in a long term-care environment preferred.

#HireFinder

#LI-PROMOTED

#LI-Remote