HomeMade, Mable, Leap in! and Mable Direct are entities under the Attain Healthtech Group of companies. While our companies are diverse, three similarities bind us:

1. We exist to create lasting, positive change across the entire care and support sector - impacting more lives, elevating standards and shaping the future of care

2. We believe in technology as an enabler

3. We’re driven by helping customers attain better outcomes

This position is part of the Mable team.

**About Mable**

Mable is one of Australia's leading and fastest-growing healthtech platforms. As a purpose-driven company, we are where thousands of people with disability and older Australians have connected with independent support workers of their choosing and on terms that suit them.

With more than 25 million hours of support facilitated since 2014, it's no wonder we have been recognised on the AFR's Top 100, Deloitte Tech Fast 50, were previously awarded Australian Growth & Technology Growth Company of the Year.

By working at Mable, you will join a high productivity and dynamic team environment, leading to meaningful change in Australia's care and support sectors.

To find out more, visit <https://mable.com.au/>

**About the role**

We are seeking a highly-motivated Engineering Team Lead to join a new squad in the Mable Platform team.  You will be a well-rounded technical leader working closely with their Design, Data and Product counterparts to lead the squad towards building robust, high quality, fit-for-purpose solutions for our critical business flows. We are looking for someone who thrives on solving problems through technology and genuinely values understanding the challenges and successes of their cross-functional counterparts.

## Key Responsibilities

- Work as part of a cross-functional squad to deliver high-quality features
- Assist in maintaining the product backlog alongside the product manager by providing technical input on initiative prioritisation and ensuring epics are broken down into uniformly sized tasks and sequenced for delivery
- Help to monitor team’s delivery cadence and work with a team on improving on their efficiency
- Promote sound, modern engineering practices and tools within the squad (TDD, pair programming, efficient branching strategies, etc)
- Teach and mentor your squad on making sound technology choices, software design practices and the ways of working
- Work on non-functional requirements of our software projects alongside our Infrastructure Engineers, Principle Engineers, Engineering Managers and Quality Coaches
- Collaborate on and recommend sound DevOps practices in the team
- Manage direct reports for at most one squad

## Skills, Knowledge, and Experience

- Strong technical background focusing mainly on API development and re-platforming
- Previous team lead experience
- Familiarity with testing frameworks and the testing pyramid
- Good understanding of modern CD and software operations practices such as trunk-based development, 12 factor application principles in practice, Docker, utilisation of monitoring tools like Datadog, etc.
- Understanding of software design patterns and when to use them
- Understanding of domain driven design in software engineering and how to use DDD concepts in practice
- Excellent communication skills and team-oriented mindset
- Have a ‘leave it better than you found it’ attitude towards code

**We’re powered by purpose**

**We’re Switched On 💡**

We know our customers because we listen and want to learn. We engage within the community and the sector and always act on insights.

**We’re Bold 📣**

We’re ambitious and embrace creativity to solve challenges. We’re here to reshape the industry and back big ideas.

**We’re One 🤝**

We channel our passion into a positive environment. We welcome diversity and collaborate to make the most of our different skills and ways of thinking.

**We’re Impactful 🌟**

We work hard to deliver change. We innovate and move fast to make a difference in the sector and people’s lives.

**Values we share as part of Attain Healthtech**

**Break New Ground** 🧨

We simplify care with creativity and bold ideas.

**Make It Matter**💟

We put people at the centre and create impact that improves lives.

**Own The Outcome**🥇

We aim high, deliver excellence and drive results that last.

**Our benefits**

**Power your career ⚡️**

Learn from industry experts, experienced leaders, and on-the-job opportunities.

**Access parental leave 👶**

Get 14 weeks of paid leave for primary carers and 6 weeks of paid leave for secondary carers plus superannuation.

**Work with flexibility 🏠**

We’re a hybrid workplace, balancing time in the office with remote work.

**Flexi Leave Days 🌴**

Get one extra paid leave day per quarter for what makes you happy.

**Take a floating public holiday 🫶🏾**

Acknowledge a significant day your way with family and friends.

**Be rewarded 🏆**

Celebrate wins and recognise great performance with an easy and accessible Reward and Recognition program.

**We are one**

As an organisation, we celebrate our diversity and welcome all people, regardless of their family responsibilities, ethnicity, faith, sexual orientation, or gender identity. Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander people are encouraged to apply.

If this role has stood out to you but you don’t feel like you ‘tick all the boxes,’ we strongly encourage you to apply nonetheless. We value diversity in experience, and you might just bring something we are looking for to our organisation!