<h2 data-start="1063" data-end="1087">Team Description</h2>
<p data-start="1045" data-end="1266">You’ll join the <strong data-start="1061" data-end="1084">Sales Training team</strong>, sitting within our <strong data-start="1105" data-end="1125">Sales Enablement</strong> function. Based in our hubs across Europe, they are focused on helping our Field Sales teams succeed quickly, confidently, and consistently.</p>
<p data-start="1268" data-end="1564">As<strong data-start="1271" data-end="1299">&nbsp;Training Team Lead</strong>, you’ll be the operational and people lead for Field Sales Training in established markets. You’ll coach and support a team of experienced Field Sales Trainers, ensuring training is delivered on time, to a high standard, and with clear impact on field performance.</p>
<p data-start="1566" data-end="1916">You’ll sit at the centre of execution, turning strategy into action and bringing clarity to day-to-day delivery. Working closely with Field Sales leadership, RevOps, and Product, you’ll keep training tightly connected to what’s happening in the field — from onboarding and accreditation through to early activation, productivity and ongoing training.</p>
<p data-start="1566" data-end="1916">&nbsp;</p>
<h2><strong>What You’ll Do</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Own training outcomes linked to sales performance metrics, including onboarding completion, early sales activation, and cohort conversion targets</li>
<li>Lead and support a team of Field Sales Trainers, setting clear priorities and ensuring high-quality delivery across markets</li>
<li>Own the execution of onboarding, accreditation, and ongoing field sales training, maintaining consistency and standards</li>
<li>Coach and develop trainers through observation, structured feedback, and regular performance conversations</li>
<li>Monitor onboarding effectiveness and outcomes, adjusting training focus when results are off track</li>
<li>Act as the link between the EU Sales Training Manager and the trainer team, translating priorities into clear actions</li>
<li>Partner with Field Sales leadership, RevOps, and Product to ensure training is timely, relevant, and performance-driven</li>
</ul>
<p data-start="2690" data-end="2811">&nbsp;</p>
<h2><strong>You’ll Be Great for This Role If You</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Have <strong>1-3 years of experience leading trainers/coaches in a sales environment&nbsp;</strong></li>
<li>Bring <strong>3-5 years of sales training experience</strong>, with a strong understanding of onboarding and early performance drivers</li>
<li>Have solid <strong>sales knowledge</strong> from live B2B selling environments, preferably field sales, so you know what good looks like</li>
<li>Are comfortable owning operations across remote teams or markets&nbsp;</li>
<li>Regularly use data to guide decisions - and measure the impact of training</li>
<li>Communicate clearly, collaborate well, and take ownership of outcomes</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Nice to have:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Fluency in French, German, Spanish, or Italian</li>
<li>Experience in fintech, payments, or POS</li>
<li>Exposure to Product or RevOps collaboration</li>
</ul>
<h2 data-start="3483" data-end="3524">&nbsp;</h2>
<h2 data-start="3483" data-end="3524">Why You Should Join SumUp</h2>
<p data-start="3525" data-end="4650">🌎 Opportunity to work with a truly global, multicultural team from our inspiring Milan location. This involves an office-first setup</p>
<p data-start="3525" data-end="4650">🌈 Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion: be part of a workplace that values and promotes diversity, fostering an inclusive environment where everyone's perspectives are respected and embraced</p>
<p data-start="3525" data-end="4650">🚀 Enrolment in our VSOP program: you will own a stake in SumUp’s future success</p>
<p data-start="3525" data-end="4650">📚 Invest in your growth: €2,000 annual Learning &amp; Development budget to fuel your development</p>
<p data-start="3525" data-end="4650">🏖 Generous time off: enjoy 22 days of annual paid leave, 32 hours of Ex Festività (Personal Hours), plus public holidays and special leave days</p>
<p data-start="3525" data-end="4650">💼 Financial security: corporate pension contributions that support your long-term future</p>
<p data-start="3525" data-end="4650">❤ Well-being support: access our mental health Employee Assistance Programme for guidance and care when you need it</p>
<p data-start="3525" data-end="4650">🌴 Break4me: 1-month sabbatical after 3 years of service</p>
<p data-start="3525" data-end="4650">🔗 Referral Bonus: earn additional rewards by referring talented individuals to join the SumUp team</p>
<p data-start="3525" data-end="4650">&nbsp;</p>
<hr>
<h3><strong>About SumUp</strong></h3>
<p>We believe in the everyday hero, those who have the courage to follow their passion and the strength and determination to realise their dreams.</p>
<p>Small business owners are at the heart of everything we do, so we're creating powerful, easy-to-use financial solutions to help them run their businesses. Today, over 4 million businesses in 37 markets rely on SumUp as their financial partner to manage payments, finance and customer relationships.</p>
<p>With a founder’s mentality and a team-first attitude, our diverse teams across Europe, South America and the United States work together to help small business owners succeed doing what they love.</p>
<p>Our commitment to small businesses is reflected in our diverse team of over 3,000 SumUppers from more than 90 nationalities, united by global collaboration and an innovative mindset.</p>
<p>Our<a href="https://www.sumup.com/careers/culture/"> core values</a> and<a href="https://youtu.be/XEH\_nmJ9KZ4?si=pr6TdFl98FhpD5KG"> culture</a> shape everything we do, fostering inclusion, learning and belonging.</p>
<p>Be empowered to build things that matter.</p>
<p>👉 Explore more about our culture on our<a href="https://www.sumup.com/careers/"> careers site</a>, or follow us on<a href="https://www.linkedin.com/company/sumup/"> LinkedIn</a> and<a href="https://www.instagram.com/insidesumup/"> Instagram</a>.</p>
<p><br><br></p>
<p data-start="3525" data-end="4650">&nbsp;</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>Job Application Tip</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We recognise that candidates feel they need to meet 100% of the job criteria in order to apply for a job. Please note that this is only a guide. If you don’t tick every box, it’s ok too because it means you have room to learn and develop your career at SumUp.</span></p></div>