<p>MongoDB empowers innovators to create, transform, and disrupt industries by unleashing the power of software and data. Atlas is at the heart of our AI-ready data foundation. Atlas is a best-in-class, fully managed, multi-cloud database service that simplifies the complexities of deploying and managing highly available database deployments across multiple regions and cloud providers. Atlas offers vertically and horizontally scalability, built-in automation for optimizing workloads and resources, advanced observability and security features, and unmatched data distribution with over 125 regions available globally across AWS, Google Cloud, and Azure.&nbsp;</p>
<p>This team is at the forefront of innovation, having brought to life some of the most exciting features we’ve launched in the past, such as multi-cloud databases, predictive autoscaling, and intelligent workload management. Furthermore, this team will continue to play a critical role as the platform expands to where developers need it most: AI search and retrieval, application development, and more.</p>
<p>This role can be based out of our Dublin office or remotely in the Ireland region.</p>
<h3>About the Role</h3>
<p>Product Managers on the Atlas team work side-by-side with engineering, design, marketing, and analytics to build scalability capabilities that our users trust and that work for the business. You’ll spend your time deeply understanding how customers grow their workloads, developing hypotheses about where scaling breaks down, and validating them with design solutions across Atlas and the MongoDB server. If you’re doing well, you will continuously be accelerating the rate at which our users can safely scale up, scale down, and horizontally scale their deployments.</p>
<p>Our engineering teams are responsible for ensuring that clusters can scale seamlessly as demand changes — from automatic vertical scaling to horizontal auto-scaling — while keeping customer operations and workloads highly available and performant. Achieving this requires clear scaling policies, strong observability into capacity and performance, and resilient mechanisms for rapid yet low-risk scaling actions across our distributed service.</p>
<p>In this role, you'll collaborate closely with engineering to strengthen and standardize how clusters scale in Atlas — defining strategies and features that make scaling across our multi-tenant, globally distributed platform safe, predictable, and low-impact for customers, from underlying MongoDB server capabilities through to Atlas automation and APIs..</p>
<h3>Responsibilities</h3>
<ul>
<li>Own the strategy and roadmap for key Atlas components to ensure customers have a frictionless user experience</li>
<li>Champion rigorous tools, processes, and frameworks across a broad range of engineering organizations to drive high-confidence rollouts and operational stability</li>
<li>Drive collaboration across engineering, marketing, sales, and executive leadership</li>
<li>Lead the team to the right product decisions via deep engagement and research with customers, prospects, internal stakeholders, and partners</li>
<li>Actively maintain a view of how the market, competition, and technologies are evolving, and factor that into product direction</li>
<li>Be passionate about the data around your products, ensuring business impact can be measured and used to continually hone products towards excellence</li>
<li>Partner strategically with field and go-to-market teams in customer engagements</li>
</ul>
<h3>Requirements</h3>
<ul>
<li>5+ years of product management or equivalent experience with a complex technical enterprise-focused product</li>
<li>Solid technical skills. Our users are developers, devops, and ops engineers, and our product managers must be just as technical and have working knowledge in these areas to better advocate for them. While not expected to write production code, you should be comfortable evaluating new technologies, exploring database technologies, and speaking authoritatively on any technical aspects of your portfolio</li>
<li>Expert-level proficiency in one or more advanced technical topics. Ideally, previous experience as a developer, operations engineer, or similar</li>
<li>Demonstrated success in solving problems for a developer audience, and delivering software products to market</li>
<li>Skills to effectively establish and communicate product strategy &amp; vision to all relevant stakeholders; ability to translate technology features into business benefits. Adept at navigating open-ended questions, effective at decision-making in a fast-paced team, relentless when identifying solutions and driving them to completion</li>
<li>Strong team skills and experience to bring together diverse views, a can-do attitude, optimism, humility, and willingness to embrace the unknown</li>
<li>B.S. in Computer Science or equivalent work experience</li>
</ul>
<h3>Nice to have</h3>
<ul>
<li>Proficiency in managing large scale software rollouts, especially in ways to automate and cohort rollouts to prioritize different environments and customers</li>
<li>Experience collaborating with customers in highly regulated industries, understanding the unique challenges and requirements they face</li>
<li>Database experience - MongoDB experience is a plus&nbsp;</li>
<li>Last, but not least, desire to take an active role in innovation</li>
</ul>
<h3>About MongoDB</h3>
<p>MongoDB is built for change, empowering our customers and our people to innovate at the speed of the market. We have redefined the database for the AI era, enabling innovators to create, transform, and disrupt industries with software. MongoDB’s unified database platform, the most widely available, globally distributed database on the market, helps organizations modernize legacy workloads, embrace innovation, and unleash AI. Our cloud-native platform, MongoDB Atlas, is the only globally distributed, multi-cloud database and is available across AWS, Google Cloud, and Microsoft Azure.</p>
<p>With offices worldwide and over 60,000 customers, including 75% of the Fortune 100 and AI-native startups, relying on MongoDB for their most important applications, we’re powering the next era of software.</p>
<p>Our compass at MongoDB is our <a href="https://www.mongodb.com/company">Leadership Commitment,</a> guiding how and why we make decisions, show up for each other, and win. It’s what makes us MongoDB.&nbsp;</p>
<p>To drive the personal growth and business impact of our employees, we’re committed to developing a supportive and enriching culture for everyone. <a href="https://www.mongodb.com/company/blog/culture/employee-benefits-that-make-a-difference-at-mongodb">From employee affinity groups, to fertility assistance and a generous parental leave policy</a>, we value our employees’ wellbeing and want to support them along every step of their professional and personal journeys.<a href="https://www.mongodb.com/blog/channel/culture"> Learn more about what it’s like to work at MongoDB</a>, and help us make an impact on the world!</p>
<p>MongoDB is committed to providing any necessary accommodations for individuals with disabilities within our application and interview process. To request an accommodation due to a disability, please inform your recruiter.</p>
<p>MongoDB is an equal opportunities employer.</p>
<p><em>Req ID: 2263204862</em></p>