We use React and TypeScript across all our product lines: web app, browser extensions, iOS and Android apps (React Native), and desktop apps (Electron).

You'll take ownership of substantial parts of our codebase, shipping polished UI and the connected backend services for new features and products.

You’ll write and maintain frontend (Playwright) and backend tests, and help keep our CI/CD pipelines healthy.

## Requirements

* Deep understanding of **React** and a track record of building complex, production React applications
* Able to deliver **pixel-perfect, production-ready code** from Figma mockups on time
* Strong **eye for detail** and a dedication to creating fast, enjoyable user interactions
* Strong knowledge of **TypeScript** and its ecosystem (Babel, Webpack, Jest, Express…) and underlying web technologies (**HTML5, CSS3, REST APIs**)
* Solid backend skills in **Node.js**: comfortable building and consuming APIs, implementing algorithms, and data heavy processing workflows.
* Experience running **production backend services** reliable and efficiently at scale
* Experience writing complete, **robust and maintainable tests with Playwright** or similar frameworks.

## More useful experience

* React Native for iOS and Android
* Browser extension development (Chrome/Chromium, Safari, Firefox)
* Desktop app development on Windows and macOS (Electron and natively).
* Web crawling
* PDF and document processing
* Server operations on AWS

**Compensation**

* Base compensation €60,000–€90,000 based on the level of your experience
* Bonus/equity program.

  
  
Please mention the word \*\*DESIRING\*\* and tag RNzkuMTU4LjE4Ni4yMzg= when applying to show you read the job post completely (#RNzkuMTU4LjE4Ni4yMzg=). This is a beta feature to avoid spam applicants. Companies can search these words to find applicants that read this and see they're human.