<div class="content-intro"><h3>About ClickHouse</h3>
<p>Recognized on the 2025 Forbes Cloud 100 list, ClickHouse is one of the most innovative and fast-growing private cloud companies. With more than 3,000 customers and ARR that has grown over 250 percent year over year, ClickHouse leads the market in real-time analytics, data warehousing, observability, and AI workloads.</p>
<p>The company’s sustained, accelerating momentum was recently validated by a $400M Series D financing round. Over the past three months, customers including Capital One, Lovable, Decagon, Polymarket, and Airwallex have adopted the platform or expanded existing deployments. These customers join an established base of AI innovators and global brands such as Meta, Cursor, Sony, and Tesla.</p>
<p>We’re on a mission to transform how companies use data. Come be a part of our journey!</p></div><p><strong>NOTE:&nbsp; </strong>This person can be remote in Singapore, but must be open to regional travel as required for onsite customer visits across the APJ region.</p>
<p>The Technical Account Manager ("TAM") Architect role will be a member of our Support Services team and Support group, planned to report into our regional Support Engineering Managers. This new role will perform functions that our existing team already provides in part: ongoing TAM, Consultative, and Support functions working with a set of customers providing Consultative Support, Escalation insights, and oversight. TAM Architects will also be assisting with Support Cases for enterprise customers in an L3 role (Support Level 3 = Escalated cases).</p>
<p>A TAM Architect will be successful in the role if they provide the following aptitude and approach:</p>
<ul>
<li>Highly technical with a focus on providing useful solutions to our users, customers, and prospects</li>
<li>Great communicator with team members and customers</li>
<li>Consulting, support, and project management skills and background</li>
<li>50% of the work will be case-initiated consultative support of strategic users/customers/prospects</li>
<li>50% of the work will be TAM functions (project guidance, onboarding coordination, escalations, communications, documentation, roadmap, meeting leadership)</li>
<li>Some onsite regional travel will be required, estimated currently at up to 35% of the time</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>What you will do:</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Work with strategic and enterprise ClickHouse users, customers, and prospects as identified by ClickHouse Sales to work on onboarding, production launches, and POCs</li>
<li>Provide architectural, technical, and migration guidance and assistance</li>
<li>Lead projects, escalations, and meetings to enable ongoing user/customer success</li>
<li>Ownership and oversight of L3 Support Cases and Escalations, working closely with the Support L1/L2 team</li>
<li>Partner closely with ClickHouse Product Management, Engineering, and Sales to help develop the roadmap and account plans</li>
<li>Be present and available according to the scheduling and onsite travel required to deliver high-quality 24x7 Support in a global, distributed environment</li>
<li>Assist with hiring and mentoring new team members</li>
<li>Develop and assist with Docs, Knowledge Base articles, ClickHouse Learning, Reference Architecture, and QA needs</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>What you bring along:</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>5+ years of experience in Technical Account Management, Professional Services, Senior Support, and/or Project Management roles</li>
<li>5+ years of relevant industry experience in implementing, operating, and/or supporting&nbsp; operating scalable, fault-tolerant, distributed database management systems ("DBMS")</li>
<li>Technical breadth and depth in relevant subjects such as DBMS, OLAP, Cloud/SaaS platforms, distributed systems software engineering, Linux/Unix, Kubernetes, System or Network Administration, and big data</li>
<li>Experience leading and shipping large scope technical projects in collaboration with multiple experienced engineers.</li>
<li>Expertise with a public cloud provider (AWS, GCP, Azure) and their infrastructure as a service offering (e.g. EC2).</li>
<li>Excellent communication skills and the ability to work in a customer-facing role and in close collaboration with the Support Services, Engineering, and Sales teams</li>
<li>A mindset of teamwork, global engagement, empathy, and solving challenging problems</li>
<li>A sense of adventure and urgency in building the most scalable, highest performing, largest, and fastest databases on the planet</li>
<li>Self-driven, curious, and eager to continuously learn and grow</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><h3><strong>Compensation</strong></h3>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">For roles based in the&nbsp;<strong>United States</strong>, t</span>he typical starting salary range for this position is listed above. In certain locations, such as the San Francisco Bay Area and the New York City Metro Area, a premium market range may apply, as listed.</p>
<p class="p1">These salary ranges reflect what we reasonably and in good faith believe to be the minimum and maximum pay for this role at the time of posting. The actual compensation may be higher or lower than the amounts listed, and the ranges may be subject to future adjustments.</p>
<p class="p1">An individual’s placement within the range will depend on various factors, including (but not limited to) education, qualifications, certifications, experience, skills, location, performance, and the needs of the business or organization.</p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">If you have any questions or comments about compensation as a candidate, please get in touch with us at&nbsp;<a href="mailto:paytransparency@clickhouse.com">paytransparency@clickhouse.com</a>.</span></p>
<h3><strong>Perks</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><strong>Flexible work environment</strong><span style="font-weight: 400;"> - ClickHouse is a globally distributed company and remote-friendly. We currently operate in over 20 countries.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><strong>Healthcare</strong><span style="font-weight: 400;"> - Employer contributions towards your healthcare.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><strong>Equity in the company</strong><span style="font-weight: 400;"> - Every new team member who joins our company receives stock options.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><strong>Time off</strong><span style="font-weight: 400;"> - Flexible time off in the US, generous entitlement in other countries.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><strong>A $500 Home office setup </strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">if you’re a remote employee.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><strong>Global Gatherings </strong>– We believe in the power of in-person connection and offer opportunities to engage with colleagues at company-wide offsites.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Culture - We All Shape It</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">As part of a rapidly scaling start up, you will be instrumental in shaping our culture.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Are you interested in finding out more about our culture? &nbsp;Learn more about our values <a href="https://clickhouse.com/company/careers">here</a>.&nbsp; Check out our<a href="https://clickhouse.com/blog"> blog posts</a> or follow us on <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/company/clickhouseinc/life/0c1ee7f4-2129-488d-b413-e7f6270659fd/?viewAsMember=true">LinkedIn</a> to find out more about what’s happening at ClickHouse.</span></p>
<p><strong>Equal Opportunity &amp; Privacy&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>ClickHouse provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any type based on factors such as race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws.&nbsp;</p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Please see&nbsp;<a href="https://clickhouse.com/legal/applicant-privacy-notice" target="\_blank" data-saferedirecturl="https://www.google.com/url?q=https://www.elastic.co/legal/applicant-privacy-statement&amp;source=gmail&amp;ust=1611068262479000&amp;usg=AFQjCNG3orAPk5sJIr9WVm0ZDxYw82c5DA">here</a>&nbsp;for our Privacy Statement.</span></p></div>