**The world’s most advanced VPN, and a whole lot more.**

If you’re a curious problem-solver who carves their own path, join the team behind Threat Protection Pro, the NordLynx protocol, and the fastest VPN on the planet—tools that put privacy, security, and control back in people’s hands.

**Your impact?** Helping millions take back control of their online security, privacy, and data.

**Apps Data** team is a full-stack data service provider enabling data driven decision making across the company by developing and maintaining a unified and scalable data interface.

Join our team as a Senior (Product) Data Analyst and play a pivotal role in driving data-driven decision-making, enhancing app development, and influencing business outcomes through insightful analysis and effective stakeholder management.

## Main Responsibilities

- Define, monitor, and optimize key metrics related to products performance, experiments, user engagement (data from applications)
- Develop end-to-end analytical solutions to enable data-driven decision-making across product development teams
- Build high-quality, ad-hoc reports and monitoring dashboards promptly to address stakeholder requests
- Based on conduct deep-dive analysis on application performance and user behavior - present findings to product managers
- Automate repetitive tasks to improve efficiency and consistency
- Ensure all reports and analyses comply with internal guidelines and requirements
- Collaborate closely with cross-functional teams to ensure accurate understanding of data and business processes

## Core Requirements

- 3+ years experience in product data analytics role
- Ability to lead and execute analytical work throughout the product/feature development lifecycle (from problem definition and metric design to impact evaluation)
- SQL Proficiency: Strong knowledge and proficiency in SQL ANSI
- Big Data: knowledge of effective ways to deal with big amounts of transactional data
- Hands-on experience and motivation to develop Spark and Python skills
- Familiarity with MinIO or similar environments for large-scale data workloads
- Proficiency with at least one data visualization tool, e.g. Tableau, OpenSearch
- Proven track record of delivering large-scale analytical projects that resolve complex challenges
- In-depth understanding and hands-on experience in statistical modeling, with the ability to explain and apply the underlying mathematical and conceptual principles is a plus
- Ability to critically assess incoming requests, clarify requirements, and define a clear execution roadmap
- Excellent and effective communication skills, problem-solving abilities, and a collaborative mindset
- Attention to Detail: High attention to detail and proactivity in all tasks

## Bonus Points For

- Tableau Certification: Possession of a Tableau certification is highly desirable
- Leadership: Leading analytics initiatives alongside product/feature development is considered an advantage

## Tools You Will Use

- Tableau
- SQL
- PySpark

## Salary Range

- Gross Salary 3200 - 5900 EUR/Month

**What We Offer**

**Innovate with industry leaders**

Work alongside global experts to build world-leading cybersecurity tools, impacting millions of users around the world.

**Learn & grow**

Boost your skills via our extensive training programs (online and offline) & other resources. Benefit from mentorship and career-switch opportunities to grow within the company.

**Work in a next-gen Cyber City office**

Thrive in our bustling office, featuring ergonomic workspaces, modern meeting rooms, engaging events, and specialty coffee to fuel your day.

**Hybrid work**

Enjoy the flexibility with 3 office days and working from home for the remaining 2.

**Work from anywhere**

Recharge with a change of scenery – choose work from any location when you feel a need to power your creativity and drive.

**Physical well-being**

Boost your health with free-of-charge 24/7 gym access, onsite and online workouts, and consultations led by in-house Physical Well-Being experts.

**Mental & emotional health**

Nurture your mind with free psychologist consultations, dedicated mental health events, and premium access to top-rated wellness apps like Calm, Headspace, and Mindletic.

**Premium healthcare**

Receive private health insurance giving you peace of mind for your health needs.

**Extra days off**

Enjoy additional vacation days off as you grow with us. Plus, get extra days for sick leave, special occasions, or parenting needs.

**Joyful moments – special treats**

Celebrate life’s big moments with special gifts from us on your birthday, anniversary, and other major events, such as weddings or the arrival of a new family member.

**Company events & team-building**

Experience iconic Nord Security celebrations, team-buildings, and knowledge-sharing events, nurturing bonds that fuel our success.

**Workation**

Embark on a legendary company getaway abroad, filled with exciting activities, live concerts, engaging workshops, and epic time together.

*Kindly refer to our Privacy Notice for Recruitment Candidates for comprehensive information regarding our data handling procedures throughout recruitment processes:* <https://bit.ly/40GWyjL>

*We expect all candidates to provide accurate and complete information during the recruitment process. While limited use of AI tools to refine application materials is acceptable, candidates remain fully responsible for ensuring that their submissions reflect their own qualifications, skills, and experience. Any failure to do so may negatively affect participation in the recruitment process. If broader AI assistance is allowed for a particular role or stage, we’ll let you know in advance.*

*By submitting your application, you acknowledge that it may be processed using automated tools for evaluation purposes. As part of our recruitment process, we may use an AI-based application review tool to help assess applications based on skills and experience relevant to the role. This technology is used to support - not replace - human decision-making, and every application is ultimately reviewed by a recruiter.*

*If you would like more information about how AI is used in this process or wish to exercise your rights under applicable data privacy laws, please contact us at [privacy@nordaccount.com](mailto:privacy@nordaccount.com). Should you prefer to opt out of the automated evaluation, please submit your application directly to [career@nordsec.com](mailto:career@nordsec.com).*