<div class="content-intro"><p><strong>About Mirakl:</strong></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>Founded in 2012, Mirakl has been at the forefront of marketplace innovation, empowering every business to compete in the platform economy.<br><br>Today, Mirakl’s operating system combines an enterprise marketplace solution (Mirakl Platform) that enables retailers and B2B organizations to launch, scale, and operate marketplaces and dropship, AI-powered multichannel selling (Mirakl Connect), retail media (Mirakl Ads) and an agentic commerce infrastructure (Mirakl Nexus).<br><br>With dual headquarters in Boston and Paris, Mirakl helps a global ecosystem of 450+ marketplaces (B2C and B2B) and a network of over 100k third-party marketplace sellers. Brands like Macy’s, Decathlon, Carrefour, Asos, and Airbus Helicopters use Mirakl to grow their businesses in new and remarkable ways.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>For more information, visit&nbsp;<a href="http://www.mirakl.com">www.mirakl.com</a>.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Mirakl in Numbers:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>🗓️ Founded in 2012 | Member of French Tech Next40</li>
<li>👥 750+ employees in 9 offices worldwide: Paris, Barcelona, Bordeaux, Boston, London, Munich, New York, Sydney, Tokyo</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Our Values:</strong></p>
<p>Working at Mirakl means accelerating your career alongside ambitious, passionate, and supportive colleagues. We're proud of the diversity of backgrounds, perspectives, and experiences that make our teams unique.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>Our 5 values guide how we collaborate:</p>
<ul>
<li>💡<strong> Work Hard Together:</strong> Teamwork and collaboration are the foundation of our success</li>
<li>🏆 <strong>Get Things Done: </strong>&nbsp;We prioritize action and efficiency for impactful results</li>
<li>🚀 <strong>Go Above &amp; Beyond:</strong>&nbsp; We tackle challenges proactively and always aim for excellence</li>
<li>🎓 <strong>Succeed Through Expertise:</strong> Knowledge sharing and continuous learning are core to our culture</li>
<li>🤝 <strong>Satisfy &amp; Empower Clients:</strong> We're committed to our clients' success</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p></div><h2><strong>1. The Team You'll Join</strong></h2>
<p>You'll be part of our EMEA Mirakl Ads team led by Octavie Gosselin, Global VP of Mirakl Ads. The team consists of 6 people within a broader department of around 30, covering the EMEA region from our London office. Together, you'll be selling our Mirakl Ads solution to retailers and putting Mirakl on the map as a retail media SaaS provider.</p>
<p>The team meets weekly to review pipeline progress, share best practices, and address any challenges together.</p>
<h2><strong>2. Your Impact</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Identify and qualify new business opportunities across EMEA through Proactive prospecting your market using a multichannel approach (phone, email, LinkedIn)</li>
<li>Build and execute personalised outreach sequences to engage prospects, map accounts, and identify cross-sell or expansion opportunities with existing customers</li>
<li>Maintain accurate and up-to-date pipeline data in CRM and sales engagement tools, working in tandem with Account Executives to ensure a seamless and effective handoff of qualified opportunities.</li>
<li>Partner across Sales, Marketing, and Sales Enablement teams to continuously refine messaging, processes, and lead-generation strategies</li>
<li>Achieve or exceed monthly and quarterly targets for qualified meetings, Sales Qualified Opportunities, and pipeline contribution</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>3. What You'll Bring to the Role</strong></h2>
<p>Experience:</p>
<ul>
<li>12 to 24 months of experience in a client-facing role focused on B2B prospecting, such as sales development, business development, or a similar position.</li>
<li>A pragmatic and results-driven mindset, with a proven ability to meet and exceed opportunity qualification targets.</li>
<li>BA or MA in Business or related field</li>
</ul>
<p>Skills:</p>
<ul>
<li>Strong sales acumen combined with a data-driven approach and a goal-driven mindset</li>
<li>Excellent communication skills, with the ability to engage effectively with prospects and international partners across diverse cultures and markets</li>
<li>Tenacious and creative, with a natural drive to explore new and innovative ways to reach and engage prospects, including leveraging AI to automate and enhance outbound strategies</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>4. Tools Used</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Salesforce</li>
<li>Gong</li>
<li>HubSpot</li>
<li>Dust</li>
<li>N8N</li>
<li>LinkedIn Sales Navigator</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>5. Languages</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>English to native standard (must have)</li>
<li>Fluency in French would be a bonus</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>6. Compensation, Perks &amp; Benefits</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>OTE: Up to £70K</li>
<li>Public transport allowance: Mirakl covers 50% of your daily commuting costs within the TfL zones</li>
<li>Health insurance: Coverage through AXA</li>
<li>Meal allowance: Mirakl provides a monthly meal allowance</li>
<li>Hybrid setup: 4 days in the office and 1 day remote per week</li>
<li>ClassPass membership: Access to a corporate ClassPass membership, with a number of credits funded monthly by Mirakl</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>7. Our Hiring Process</strong></h2>
<p>We warmly encourage you to apply to any of our roles, even if you think you're not an exact match.</p>
<p>Please click the "Apply" button to submit your application. This helps us make the best possible assessment and get back to you as quickly as possible.</p>
<p>Hiring steps:</p>
<ol>
<li>30-minute recruiter interview – Initial conversation with Heather Decoudun to learn about your background and motivations</li>
<li>45-minute hiring manager interview – Meet with Shea Barickman to test the "Succeed Through Expertise" value and discuss the role in depth</li>
<li>Three 45-minute value-based interviews – Meet with two Account Executives you'd be working with directly and someone from our Sales Enablement team. Each interview will be centered around our core values</li>
<li>30-minute role-playing exercise – Simulate a discovery call to demonstrate your sales approach and prospecting skills</li>
<li>Debrief and decision – The hiring team will get together within 2 working days of you completing the process to make a final hiring decision and share detailed feedback.</li>
</ol><div class="content-conclusion"><p><em>We welcome collaborators with their diverse perspectives and experiences to power us forward. These often far exceed conventional job requirements and help us create a culture of continuous learning. If you’re ready to join a global leader powering digital transformation for 450+ of the world’s most innovative retailers and B2B organizations.</em></p>
<p><em>We may use Artificial Intelligence (AI) solutions to help streamline our hiring process, including screening applications, analyzing resumes, and assessing responses. While AI helps us work efficiently, all final hiring decisions are made by humans. For more information, visit our </em><a href="https://info.mirakl.com/ai-guidelines-for-candidates-and-interviews"><em>AI Guidelines for Candidates and Interviews</em></a><em>.</em></p></div>