<h2><strong>About the opportunity</strong></h2>
<p data-start="161" data-end="332">We are currenlty looking for an AFC Senior Associate / SAR Delegate to join our French MLRO team in a high-impact, hands-on role at the heart of our Anti-Financial Crime operations.</p>
<p data-start="334" data-end="710">In this position, you will take ownership of critical AFC activities, including leading AML-CFT investigations, supporting ongoing due diligence and enhanced due diligence (EDD) processes, and reviewing and submitting Suspicious Activity Reports (SARs). You will play a key role in decision-making, particularly around investigative outcomes and customer information requests.</p>
<p data-start="712" data-end="1047">As a trusted subject matter expert, you will act as a central point of contact for our AFC and KYC Operations teams - providing guidance, sharing your expertise, and actively contributing to the upskilling of colleagues. This role offers the opportunity to combine deep investigative work with a strong coaching and leadership dimension.</p>
<p data-start="1049" data-end="1332">You will work in a fast-paced, international, and tech-driven environment, collaborating closely with Compliance, AFC, and global stakeholders. Acting as <em data-start="1203" data-end="1236">correspondant/déclarant Tracfin</em>, you will also contribute to regulatory engagement and communication with relevant authorities.</p>
<p data-start="1334" data-end="1557">This is an excellent opportunity for a seasoned financial crime professional who is passionate about investigations, enjoys driving operational excellence, and is motivated to make a tangible impact while developing others.</p>
<h2><strong>In this role, you will:</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Review investigations made by the AFC Operations department.</li>
<li>Assist AFC Operations on their investigations.</li>
<li>Oversee complex case investigations, sanctions reviews, and other AFC related processes.</li>
<li>Draft, review and submit SARs, ensuring quality according to Tracfin and ACPR expectations.</li>
<li>Act as Correspondant/Déclarant Tracfin.</li>
<li>Review complex Authority Requests.</li>
<li>Provide guidelines individually and collectively. Prepare and deliver formal training.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Prepare necessary templates for AFC Ops communication with customers.</li>
<li>Implement and improve local procedures based on the local regulatory challenges and the group’s standard.</li>
<li>Coordination with other operational functions working on the French market.</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>What you need to be successful:</strong></h2>
<p>Background:</p>
<ul>
<li>Graduated in law (Ecole de droit/Master II) or from a Grande Ecole - or alike.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Professional experience gained in anti-financial crime, with at least 5 years of experience.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Proven experience in operational functions, including&nbsp; investigation, and SAR drafting but also transaction monitoring, sanctions and adverse media screening.&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p>Skills:&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>In-depth knowledge of European and French regulations on Financial Crime (KYC, AML, terrorism financing, fraud, tax evasion, sanctions…)</li>
<li>Deep investigation expertise</li>
<li>Fluency in French and English (spoken and written)</li>
<li>Excellent communication skills and ability to work with a wide variety of stakeholders</li>
<li>Proven ability to liaise with the French Authorities</li>
<li>Hardworking, strong team player, benevolent and resilient</li>
<li>Diligent and reliable, solution driven and committed, ability to work under pressure</li>
<li>Strong analytical, advisory skills, high quality standards and attention to detail</li>
<li>You have a hands-on mentality and take ownership&nbsp;</li>
<li>You should enjoy a fast-paced working environment, show high willingness to learn and work autonomously to grasp new topics</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>What’s in it for you:</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Accelerate your career growth by joining one of Europe’s most talked about disruptors 🚀.</li>
<li>Employee benefits that range from a competitive personal development budget, work from home budget, discounts to fitness &amp; wellness memberships, Swile vouchers, public transportation, work from home/from abroad and more.&nbsp;</li>
<li>As an N26 employee you will have access to a Premium subscription on your personal N26 bank account. As well as subscriptions for friends and family members.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;</li>
<li>Additional day of annual leave for each year of service.&nbsp;&nbsp;</li>
<li>A high degree of autonomy and access to cutting edge technologies - all while working with a friendly team of peers of diverse nationalities, experiences, and backgrounds.&nbsp;</li>
<li>A relocation package with visa support for those who need it.</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Who we are</strong></h2>
<p>N26 has reimagined banking for today’s digital world. Technology and design empower<a href="https://n26.com/en-eu/blog"> everything we do</a> and it’s how we are building the global banking platform the world loves to use.</p>
<p>We've eliminated physical branches, paperwork, and hidden fees for an elegant digital experience and supreme savings. Giving people the power to live and bank their way is what gets us out of bed in the morning and inspires the work that we do.&nbsp;</p>
<p>We are headquartered in Berlin with offices in multiple cities across Europe, including Vienna and Barcelona, and a 1,500-strong team of more than 80 nationalities.</p>
<p><strong>Sounds good? Apply now for this position.</strong></p>
<p>Do you see yourself thriving in this role? We’d love to see your application even if you don’t meet 100% of the criteria. You may just be the right fit for this or other roles!</p>
<p><strong>Equal opportunities for all</strong></p>
<p>At N26, we believe our strength lies in our people and the varied perspectives they bring. We strive to build diverse teams that drive innovation and business success. We actively seek talent from all backgrounds and welcome applications from all genders, cultures, sexual orientations, abilities, neurodiversities, and ages.</p>
<p>We are committed to providing an excellent and accessible candidate experience. If you require any accommodations to make this process work for you, please let us know. We’re here to support you!</p>
<h4><strong><strong>Discover more about Diversity &amp; Inclusion at N26:<a href="https://n26.com/en-eu/diversity-and-inclusion"> https://n26.com/en-eu/diversity-and-inclusion</a></strong></strong></h4>