<div class="p-rich\_text\_section">
<p>The Engineering team builds the software powering Veriff. We're cracking the online identity crisis in a scalable way, deploying excellence to keep Veriff on the cusp of innovation. It's a fast-paced market with many challenges. We're on the lookout for exceptional talent to <strong>join our Customer Portal team as a Senior Engineering Manager.</strong></p>
<p>The Customer Portal team builds and maintains our comprehensive self-serve platform, used by thousands of SaaS and Enterprise customers. This crucial product allows customers to procure, manage, and control their identity verification services in their daily operations. This team is at the forefront of the customer experience, responsible for managing the entire SaaS customer lifecycle—from initial purchase to setup—while also empowering our Enterprise clients to effectively manage their products at Veriff.</p>
<p>We're seeking a Senior Engineering Manager who can bring a strong product-thinking mindset, engineering expertise, and people leadership skills to lead the team and scale its approach: faster, more efficient, and with better reliability. As part of this team, you'll work closely with product managers to enable the next use case for our customers. Additionally, you'll play a key role in our data-driven engineering bar-raising, focusing on efficiency and operational excellence. This involves maintaining well-established sources of truth, utilizing tools like Jira, and ensuring a robust foundation for the team's workflow.</p>
<p><strong>You’ll help us to protect honest people online by:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Setting direction for the team, anticipating strategic and scaling-related challenges through thoughtful long-term planning</li>
<li>Partnering with product managers, designers, and analysts to build software that's useful, delightful, and solves real customer pain</li>
<li>Creating a shared understanding of decision-making, direction, and progress of the Customer Portal team for the rest of the company</li>
<li>Ensuring that individuals in the team are learning, growing, and advancing in their careers through mentorship, pairing, and delegating work</li>
<li>Actively being involved in interviewing and assessing candidates to build a diverse and talented team, as well as planning long-term headcount and recruiting needs</li>
<li>Collaborating with other engineering leaders on all matters that impact the engineering division, as well as building technical and product vision</li>
<li>Hands-on involvement where needed</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>You are the right future Veriffian for the job if you have:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Proven track record of leading an engineering team and experience with hiring and building teams</li>
<li>Previous experience as a software engineer, familiarity with our technology stack including Python and/or Typescript is a bonus</li>
<li>Excellent communication skills both verbal and written. We're a distributed team, so we're extra mindful about communication</li>
<li>Passion for fostering good engineering practices, culture, and processes</li>
<li>Strong emotional intelligence and people leadership skills to create a psychologically safe environment that empowers the team to do their best work</li>
</ul>
<p>At Veriff, we believe in the global optimum, being able to solve problems not only for your team but for the whole engineering division. We can offer you interesting and challenging problems to solve that will produce a significant impact on Veriff and the verification industry at large. If you're ready to take on this exciting challenge and contribute to Veriff's mission, we want to hear from you!</p>
</div>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section">
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section"><em data-stringify-type="italic">We are an Equal Opportunities employer committed to a diverse and representative team. Different opinions, perspectives and personalities push us forward. We want to hear from people who are passionate about their work and align with our values. Regardless of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status or disability. We also know the confidence gap and imposter syndrome can get in the way of meeting spectacular candidates - so rest assured, whoever you are, we want to hear from you!</em><span class="c-message\_\_edited\_label" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">&nbsp;</span></div>
</div>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section">&nbsp;</div>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section">Please be informed that in the final stage of the recruitment process we may request you to go through identity verification. For more information, please see&nbsp;<a class="c-link" href="https://www.veriff.com/recruitment-privacy-policy" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://www.veriff.com/recruitment-privacy-policy" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">Recruitment Privacy Policy</a>.</div>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section">&nbsp;</div>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section">
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section">&nbsp;</div>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section"><span style="color: rgb(255, 255, 255);">#LI-LP1 #TBT#LI-FS1</span></div>
</div>