HomeMade, Mable, Leap in! and Mable Direct are entities under the Attain Healthtech Group of companies. While our companies are diverse, three similarities bind us:

1. We exist to create lasting, positive change across the entire care and support sector - impacting more lives, elevating standards and shaping the future of care

2. We believe in technology as an enabler

3. We’re driven by helping customers attain better outcomes

This position is part of the HomeMade team.

**About HomeMade**

HomeMade is an approved aged care provider dedicated to improving its customers' lives by empowering older people to self-manage their service providers with the assistance of our clinical and customer support teams.

Our transformative technology platform helps thousands of people retain choice and control by allowing them to create unique support plans that meet their specific needs and optimise their funds.

By working at HomeMade, you can play a crucial role in helping older people maintain their independence and live fulfilling lives in their own homes. You’ll be joining a team that is passionate and dedicated to making a meaningful difference in the lives of others.

To find out more, visit <https://homemadesupport.com.au/>

**About the role**

As HomeMade grows rapidly, we’re seeking dedicated **Onboarding Partners** to join our team. You will play a vital role in conducting initial assessments and guiding our customers through the onboarding journey, enabling them to live independent, safe and fulfilling lives at home.

## Key Responsibilities:

- Collaborate with the customer qualifying team to ensure a seamless onboarding experience for HomeMade customers.
- Conduct welcome calls and complete comprehensive virtual assessments using a wellness and enablement approach.
- Develop personalised care and support plans, making recommendations that promote independence and consider each customer’s risk profile.
- Co-design budgets for supports and services available through Home Care Package (HCP) funding.
- Ensure customers and their representatives have the information and guidance needed to make informed choices and decisions.
- Use available education resources to promote rapid adoption of the HomeMade Customer Portal.
- Support customers in building the skills and confidence to self-manage their care, including onboarding their preferred support providers to maximise the use of their funding.
- Complete all onboarding activities - including assessments, plans, and customer communications - accurately and on time.
- Work collaboratively with Support Partners, Service and Support, and Clinical teams to deliver high-quality outcomes.
- Actively participate in quality improvement and risk management initiatives.
- Provide proactive and responsive communication to customers via phone, email, and virtual meetings.
- Uphold the responsibilities of the role in line with the Aged Care Act and Aged Care Quality Standards.

## Your Skills and Experience

- A natural ability to build relationships and rapport quickly; you’re a people-person and a good listener.
- Pride in delivering exceptional customer service, finding satisfaction in helping others.
- Strong written and verbal communication skills - you articulate clearly and confidently.
- Comfort in discussing finances and budgets with customers in a transparent and supportive way.
- An empathetic approach to work, ensuring customers are supported to maintain choice and control and to live safely at home.
- Demonstrated skills in dispute resolution, critical thinking, time management and decision making.
- A customer-service focus with excellent communication skills that drive positive outcomes.
- Passion for helping people live full lives in their own homes—using a goal-oriented approach when developing support plans with customers.
- Self-motivation and enjoyment in working both within a team toward shared goals and individually against deadlines and weekly KPIs

**The values we live by**

**Put People First** 🫶🏼

People and relationships matter most.

**Foster Freedom** 🪁

Life should be lived in a way that makes sense for you, without unnecessary controls or external restrictions.

**Do The Right Thing** 💖

Be fair, honest, open, ethical, and transparent.

**Be Bold** 💡

With a vision to imagine and create a brighter future.

**Values we share as part of Attain Healthtech**

**Break New Ground** 🧨

We simplify care with creativity and bold ideas.

**Make It Matter**💟

We put people at the centre and create impact that improves lives.

**Own The Outcome**🥇

We aim high, deliver excellence and drive results that last.

**Our benefits**

**Power your career ⚡️**

Learn from industry experts, experienced leaders, and on-the-job opportunities.

**Access parental leave 👶**

Get 14 weeks of paid leave for primary carers and 6 weeks of paid leave for secondary carers plus superannuation.

**Work with flexibility 🏠**

We’re a hybrid workplace, balancing time in the office with remote work.

**Flexi Leave Days 🌴**

Get one extra paid leave day per quarter for what makes you happy.

**Take a floating public holiday 🫶🏾**

Acknowledge a significant day your way with family and friends.

**Be rewarded 🏆**

Celebrate wins and recognise great performance with an easy and accessible Reward and Recognition program.

**We are one**

As an organisation, we celebrate our diversity and welcome all people, regardless of their family responsibilities, ethnicity, faith, sexual orientation, or gender identity. Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander people are encouraged to apply.

If this role has stood out to you but you don’t feel like you ‘tick all the boxes,’ we strongly encourage you to apply nonetheless. We value diversity in experience, and you might just bring something we are looking for to our organisation!