<div><strong>About Groww:</strong></div>
<div>We are a passionate group of people focused on making financial services accessible to every Indian through a multi-product platform. Each day, we help millions of customers take charge of their financial journey. Customer obsession is in our DNA. Every product, every design, every algorithm down to the tiniest detail is executed keeping the customers’ needs and convenience in mind. Our people are our greatest strength. Everyone at Groww is driven by ownership, customer-centricity, integrity and the passion to constantly challenge the status quo.</div>
<div>&nbsp;</div>
<div>Are you as passionate about defying conventions and creating something extraordinary as we are? Let’s chat.</div>
<div>&nbsp;</div>
<div><strong>Our Vision</strong></div>
<div>Every individual deserves the knowledge, tools, and confidence to make informed financial decisions. At Groww, we are making sure every Indian feels empowered to do so through a cutting-edge multi-product platform offering a variety of financial services. Our long-term vision is to become the trusted financial partner for millions of Indians.</div>
<div>&nbsp;</div>
<div><strong>Our Values</strong></div>
<div>Our culture enables us to be what we are — India’s fastest-growing financial services company. It fosters an environment where collaboration, transparency, and open communication take center-stage and hierarchies fade away. There is space for every individual to be themselves and feel motivated to bring their best to the table, as well as craft a promising career for themselves.</div>
<div>The values that form our foundation are:</div>
<ul>
<li>Radical customer centricity</li>
<li>Ownership-driven culture</li>
<li>Keeping everything simple</li>
<li>Long-term thinking</li>
<li>Complete transparency</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Key Responsibilities:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Expertise in driving performance marketing campaigns across various Digital Channels such as Meta, X, LinkedIn, Google, Snap</li>
<li>Experience in building communication strategies, creative approaches, and visibility for performance marketing campaigns</li>
<li>Drive innovation and implement testing strategies to continually uncover optimization levers, enhance learning, and improve performance</li>
<li>Analyze new market trends in performance marketing and create an action plan to put them into execution</li>
<li>This role would be part of the marketing function, anchoring all paid digital marketing channels, and driving traffic to the website by deeply understanding and analyzing the user journey</li>
<li>Collaborate closely with the design and creative teams to develop high-impact visuals, ad copies, and formats tailored to each platform (GDN, YT, Snap, X, Meta)</li>
<li>Understanding, and analyzing traffic from different marketing channels and optimizing it in conjunction with the overall business strategy.</li>
<li>Deeply analyze traffic and performance across channels to understand user behavior, drop-offs, and conversion paths.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Skills &amp; Expertise:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>3–5 years of agency experience in performance marketing, with strong expertise in Google and Meta channels.</li>
<li>Experience with LinkedIn Ads and other digital platforms such as X is a plus. Prior exposure to scaling a luxury or premium product digitally (e.g., premium credit cards, travel, hospitality, etc.) will be an added advantage.</li>
</ul>