<div class="content-intro"><h2><strong>About Remote</strong></h2>
<div><span style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">Remote is solving modern organizations’ biggest challenge – navigating global employment compliantly with ease. We make it possible for businesses of all sizes to recruit, pay, and manage international teams. With our core values at heart and future focused work culture, our team works tirelessly on ambitious problems, asynchronously, around the world. You can find Remoters working from 6 different continents (Antarctica left to go!) and all of our positions are fully remote.<br><br><span class="discussion-id-2f7cb4da-dab4-8068-a80f-001c50b2d808 suggestion-update notion-enable-hover" data-token-index="0">With Innovation as one of the core values, we have built Automation and AI capabilities into the requirements for every role.</span><br><br>We encourage every member of the Remote team to bring their talents, experiences and culture to the table to help us build the best-in-class HR platform.</span></div>
<div>&nbsp;</div>
<div><span style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">If you are energetic, curious, motivated and ambitious, be part of our world. Apply now and define the future of work!</span></div></div><h2><strong>What this job can offer you</strong></h2>
<p>This is an exciting time to join Remote and make a personal difference in the global employment space as a Sales Development Manager, joining our Sales team and supporting our EMEA based Outbound Sales Development Representatives.</p>
<p>The Sales Development organization fuels Remote's growth by serving two critical business objectives: To generate a predictable pipeline of qualified new business opportunities, and to produce high-caliber talent for internal promotions to other GTM teams.<br><br>As the initial point of contact for new customers, we aim to deliver positive and impactful first impressions as we start these new relationships.</p>
<h2><strong>What you bring</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Experience leading Sales Development Representatives at a fast growing tech company</li>
<li>Track record of success driving pipeline through inbound and outbound channels</li>
<li>Strong sales acumen — experience in a closing role strongly preferred</li>
<li>Familiarity with a robust tech stack (Salesforce, Outreach, Zoominfo, LeadIQ, and more)</li>
<li>Passion for hiring, onboarding, and mentoring top talent</li>
<li>Proven ability to influence cross-functional stakeholders, namely sales and marketing</li>
<li>Fluent in English and either German&nbsp;</li>
<li>Experience working remotely not required but considered a plus</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Key Responsibilities</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Coach Sales Development Representatives to reach outbound pipeline generation goals</li>
<li>Develop team members to grow new sales skills and level up their current skill set</li>
<li>Deliver process and content improvements to accelerate SDR effectiveness</li>
<li>Collaborate with regional Sales Directors, Sales Development Managers and Director of Sales Development to improve quality and quantity of sales pipeline</li>
<li>Partner with Marketing (Growth) to deliver feedback on MQL quality and new campaign ideas</li>
<li>Regularly Report on key individual and team metrics to flag areas for improvement</li>
<li>Hire and onboard new Sales Development Representatives</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Practicals</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li><strong>You'll report to:</strong> Director, Sales Development</li>
<li><strong>Team:</strong> Sales</li>
<li><strong>Location</strong>: EMEA</li>
<li><strong>Start date</strong>: As soon as possible</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Remote Compensation Philosophy</strong></h2>
<p>Remote's<a href="https://www.notion.so/people-Total-Rewards-1945bce8d3924ece9421ba8630f57b0c?pvs=21"> Total Rewards philosophy</a> is to ensure fair, unbiased compensation and fair equity pay along with competitive benefits in all locations in which we operate. We do not agree to or encourage cheap-labor practices and therefore we ensure to pay above in-location rates. We hope to inspire other companies to support global talent-hiring and bring local wealth to developing countries.</p>
<p>At first glance our salary bands seem quite wide - here is some context. At Remote we have international operations and a globally distributed workforce. We use geo ranges to consider geographic pay differentials as part of our global compensation strategy to remain competitive in various markets while we hiring globally.</p>
<p>The base salary range for this full-time position is between $36,295 USD to $122,500 USD. Our salary ranges are determined by role, level and location, and our job titles may span more than one career level. The actual base pay for the successful candidate in this role is dependent upon many factors such as location, transferable or job-related skills, work experience, relevant training, business needs, and market demands. The base salary range may be subject to change.</p>
<h2><strong>Application process</strong></h2>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<ol>
<li>Recruiter Interview (30 Minutes)</li>
<li>Hiring Manager Interview (60 Minutes)</li>
<li>Interview Loop (3 managers) (90 Minutes)&nbsp;</li>
<li>Bar Raiser (30 Minutes)&nbsp;</li>
</ol>
<h2><br><br></h2><div class="content-conclusion"><h2><strong>Benefits</strong></h2>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section">
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">Our full benefits &amp; perks are explained in our handbook at&nbsp;<a class="c-link" href="http://remote.com/r/benefits" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="http://remote.com/r/benefits" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">remote.com/r/benefits</a>. As a global company, each country works differently, but some benefits/perks are for all Remoters:</span></div>
<ul class="p-rich\_text\_list p-rich\_text\_list\_\_bullet" data-stringify-type="unordered-list" data-indent="0" data-border="0">
<li style="font-size: 12pt;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">work from anywhere</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">flexible paid time off</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">flexible working hours (we are&nbsp;<a class="c-link" href="https://remote.com/async" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://www.notion.so/remotecom/Working-Async-at-Remote-80c01cd443ad4c77a8ceaef7c5fba5d0" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">async</a>)</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">16 weeks paid parental leave</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">mental health support services</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">stock options</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">learning budget</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">home office budget &amp; IT equipment</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">budget for local in-person social events or co-working spaces</span></li>
</ul>
</div>
<h2><strong>How you’ll plan your day (and life)</strong></h2>
<p><span style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">We work async at Remote which means you can plan your schedule around your life (and not around meetings). Read more at <a href="https://remote.com/async" target="\_blank">remote.com/async</a>.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">You will be empowered to take ownership and be proactive. When in doubt you will default to action instead of waiting. Your <strong>life-work balance</strong> is important and you will be encouraged to put yourself and your family first, and fit work around your needs.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">If that sounds like something you want, apply now!</span></p>
<h2><strong>How to apply</strong></h2>
<ol>
<li style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;"><span style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">Please fill out the form below and upload your CV with a PDF format.</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;"><span style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;"><strong data-stringify-type="bold">We kindly ask you to submit your application and CV in English, as this is the standardised language we use here at Remote.</strong></span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif; text-align: left;"><span style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">If you don’t have an up to date CV but you are still interested in talking to us, please feel free to add a copy of your LinkedIn profile instead.</span></li>
</ol>
<p><span style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">Not only do we encourage folks from all ethnic groups, genders, sexuality, age, abilities, disability status and any other under-represented group to apply, but we prioritize a sense of belonging. We have 4 ERGs (Women, Disability, Queer, Minorities in Tech) who meet regularly with the People team. During your interviews and beyond, we ask &amp; encourage anybody who needs an accommodation to request one from their recruiter.<br></span></p>
<p><span style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">We will ask you to voluntarily tell us your pronouns at interview stage, and you will have the option to answer our anonymous demographic questionnaire when you apply below. As an equal employment opportunity employer it’s important to us that our workforce reflects people of all backgrounds, identities, and experiences and this data will help us to stay accountable. We thank you for providing this data, if you chose to.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">At Remote, we embrace AI as a valuable tool while prioritizing human creativity and authenticity.&nbsp;We look forward to meeting candidates who balance innovation with genuine expertise and experience.&nbsp;To learn more about Remote's AI guidelines check see&nbsp;<a href="https://www.notion.so/remotecom/Guidelines-on-using-AI-when-applying-for-a-job-at-Remote-11ccb4dadab4805f80a7c73b6567bd8f" target="\_blank" data-saferedirecturl="https://www.google.com/url?q=https://www.notion.so/remotecom/Guidelines-on-using-AI-when-applying-for-a-job-at-Remote-11ccb4dadab4805f80a7c73b6567bd8f&amp;source=gmail&amp;ust=1733927526443000&amp;usg=AOvVaw2sIVooKuyGfRra1PtGXreV">here</a>.&nbsp;</span><br><br><span style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;"><em>Please note we accept applications on an ongoing basis.&nbsp;</em></span></p></div>