<p>Our mission at Duolingo is to develop the best education in the world and make it universally available. It’s a big mission, and that’s where you come in!</p>
<p>At Duolingo, you’ll join a team that cares about educating our users, experimenting with big ideas, making fact-based decisions, and finding innovative solutions to complex problems. You’ll have limitless learning opportunities and daily collaborations with world-class minds — while doing work that’s both meaningful and fun.</p>
<p>Join our life-changing mission to develop education for our half a billion (and growing!) learners around the world.&nbsp;</p>
<p class="Z7ph2">Read <a href="https://blog.duolingo.com/?utm\_source=greenhouse.com&amp;utm\_medium=referral&amp;utm\_campaign=generalblog\_gh\_091224">our blog</a> to learn more.</p>
<hr>
<h2><strong>About the role</strong></h2>
<p>The Duolingo English Test is an alternative to traditional high-stakes' testing — through a Duolingo-style experience: convenient, fast, and affordable. Students interested in studying abroad can certify their English with the Duolingo English Test in place of other standardized tests like the TOEFL and IELTS. We are now accepted by over 6,000 higher education institutions worldwide. Using AI and remote proctoring, we enable students to take the test online, on-demand, anywhere in the world. If you love making a difference in education through technology, this is the place for you.</p>
<p>We are looking for a creative, independent teammate with solid experience developing and running marketing campaigns, and building strong communities, who can help us accelerate the Duolingo English Test growth in India. As a core member of our global organization the ideal candidate will not only be an outstanding, self-motivated problem solver, who can work and take decisions independently, but is also a proactive and team-oriented communicator.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<h4><strong>🧠&nbsp; You will...</strong></h4>
<ul>
<li>Work closely with regional leadership to leverage market insights and develop and implement marketing plans —including social media, PR, events, influencers and campaigns—to grow awareness around the Duolingo English Test in India.</li>
<li>Manage agencies or contractors required to generate compelling content, including articles, posts, newsletters, e-mailers, and videos, to engage the test taker community in India.</li>
<li>Organize and run scalable strategies for the DET via events, meetups, and conferences to bring students and stakeholders together. Create and run online and offline communities and forums to facilitate discussions and networking- these include YouTube, Instagram, LinkedIn, Quora and X.</li>
<li>Drive a market-specific media relations strategy to ensure PR coverage is achieved in long-lead media and that we can jump on short-lead opportunities</li>
<li>Monitor and analyze engagement metrics, user feedback, and community sentiment. Be ready to tweak local marketing efforts and adjust the plan based on takeaways.</li>
<li>Prepare regular reports and dashboards to track progress and make data-driven recommendations for improvements.</li>
<li>Partner with other functions across the region and in the US, to be able to share insights and learnings around India, one of the most critical and important markets for the Duolingo English Test.</li>
</ul>
<h4>&nbsp;</h4>
<h4><strong>✅&nbsp; You have...</strong></h4>
<ul>
<li>7-10 years of marketing experience either as a client or on the agency side. This should include being able to run 360 degree campaigns including events and social media communities and PR.</li>
<li>Experience in conceiving, developing, and supervising marketing and communication ideas throughout their full cycle.</li>
<li>Strong grasp of local consumer, technology and cultural trends in India. A strong understanding on what the motivators are for the youth, especially those who would be keen to study abroad.</li>
<li>The ability to collaborate with cross-functional teams in a fast-paced environment and need to establish expectations and rationale on results for stakeholders and contributors.</li>
<li>Track record of achieving great results with ideas, rather than large budgets.</li>
<li>Expert storyteller, with strong writing skills and the creativity to build compelling consumer-friendly narratives.</li>
<li>Experience working as part of a remote team, building strong HQ relationships and influencing effectively for local market needs.</li>
<li>Excellent English speaking and writing skills, and attention to detail.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<h4><strong>⭐&nbsp; Exceptional candidates will have...</strong></h4>
<ul>
<li>Passion for our mission to lower barriers to education.</li>
<li>Previous experience working or studying in an English-speaking environment.</li>
<li>Strong analytical skills, with ability to combine data and creativity in ideation and campaign management.</li>
<li>Familiarity with the EdTech industry, and study abroad market in India (including English Proficiency Testing).</li>
</ul>
<p style="text-align: center;">&nbsp;</p>
<hr><div class="content-conclusion"><p class="Z7ph2">Take a peek at how we care for our employees' holistic well-being with our benefits<a class="Z7ph2" href="https://careers.duolingo.com/#benefits">&nbsp;here</a>.</p>
<p class="Z7ph2">We will do everything we can within reason to make sure that your interview takes place in an environment that fairly and accurately assesses your skills. If you need assistance or accommodation, please contact&nbsp;<a class="Z7ph2" href="mailto:accommodations@duolingo.com" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="mailto:accommodations@duolingo.com" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">accommodations@duolingo.com</a>.</p>
<p class="Z7ph2">Duolingo is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, gender (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics.</p>
<p class="Z7ph2">By applying for this position your data will be processed as per the<a class="Z7ph2" href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vTX9GKeRMOMA9Vtm0vfGibrYPYz8ysl0Dg8KSXgj\_PxeT5ChsdnNZZWtpxu4t7xillTPGnngnKCjIbV/pub">&nbsp;Duolingo Applicant Privacy Notice</a>.</p>
<p class="Z7ph2">Unfortunately, there is a rise in scammers pretending to be real Duolingo employees. Duolingo and our employees will never ask for your Social Security number, bank details, or passport info, and we’ll never ask you to deposit a check, purchase equipment, or exchange money during the interview process. Real Duolingo employees always use an email that ends in&nbsp;<strong>@duolingo.com</strong>&nbsp;or&nbsp;<strong>@recruiting.duolingo.com</strong>. Stay alert and double-check these details before sharing any information.</p>
<p class="Z7ph2">Sign up for job alerts&nbsp;<a href="http://my.greenhouse.io/users/sign\_in?job\_board=duolingo">here</a>.</p></div>