<div class="content-intro"><p><em>At Klaviyo, we value the unique backgrounds, experiences and perspectives each Klaviyo (we call ourselves Klaviyos) brings to our workplace each and every day. We believe everyone deserves a fair shot at success and appreciate the experiences each person brings beyond the traditional job requirements. If you’re a close but not exact match with the description, we hope you’ll still consider applying. Want to learn more about life at Klaviyo? Visit <a class="\_ymio1r31 \_ypr0glyw \_zcxs1o36 \_mizu194a \_1ah3dkaa \_ra3xnqa1 \_128mdkaa \_1cvmnqa1 \_4davt94y \_4bfu18uv \_1hms8stv \_ajmmnqa1 \_vchhusvi \_kqswh2mm \_ect4ttxp \_syaz13af \_1a3b18uv \_4fpr8stv \_5goinqa1 \_f8pj13af \_9oik18uv \_1bnxglyw \_jf4cnqa1 \_30l313af \_1nrm18uv \_c2waglyw \_1iohnqa1 \_9h8h12zz \_10531ra0 \_1ien1ra0 \_n0fx1ra0 \_1vhv17z1" href="http://klaviyo.com/careers" data-renderer-mark="true">klaviyo.com/careers</a>&nbsp;to see how we empower creators to own their own destiny.</em></p></div><h4>London, UK (Hybrid: 3 days p/week in-office)</h4>
<h3><strong>About the team:</strong></h3>
<p>An exciting opportunity within the Security Strategy and Governance (SSG) team whose mission is to ensure the safety and security of our customers, partners and Klaviyos as well as deliver best in class technology solutions, infrastructure and services. This is achieved by providing a robust and secure technology foundation to do great work. We solve problems using technology, embrace automation, and support Klaviyo's continued scalability and sustainable employee growth in a rapidly evolving environment.</p>
<p>The SSG team assists the Global Security Services (GSS) organization in developing and refining information security strategy, creating metrics and reporting, coordinating cross-functional projects, and strategically aligning global information security initiatives with the broader CISO vision. The SSG team is highly collaborative and cross-functional, working closely with various functions within the GSS team (namely Security Risk and Trust, Security Product and Development, Global Protection Services and Security Intelligence Operations), Global Technology Solutions (GTS) team and the broader Klaviyo organization.</p>
<h3><strong>About the role:</strong></h3>
<p>Your role will be a conduit between security reporting and supporting day‑to‑day security detection &amp; response operations. Your main focus will be on building “source‑of‑truth” dashboards and metrics for the GSS organization; the rest of the time will also focus on triaging, enriching, and escalating security detections in partnership with the SIO team. The remit spans data engineering, business intelligence, security telemetry and operations so security leaders can make faster, better decisions on risk, reliability, and incident outcomes.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>​​Reporting &amp; Analytics</strong></p>
<p>Your role will be to design, implement and manage data analytics and reporting dashboards using strategic tooling and processes, ingesting data from a wide range of GSS organization’s key source systems through APIs and creating management level reports and having those published for company wide consumption. You’ll be responsible for managing the analytics and reporting dashboards in GSS and providing solutions to take us into the future using tools to create trusted, robust and reliable reports that’s easy to access and understand. You’ll work closely with security experts as well as other Klaviyo functions to understand the data, ensuring it’s accurate and governed.</p>
<p><strong>Security Intelligence</strong>&nbsp;</p>
<p>This role also necessitates a contribution to the Security Intelligence Operations team by supporting threat detection and response services. This is a hands-on role that involves triaging and responding to cyber threats and conducting investigations. As the individual develops and gains proficiency in this area, the scope of responsibilities will expand to include building detections, and contributing to threat hunts, digital forensics and incident response. As a member of the team, you will have the opportunity to work on complex security challenges and combat cyber threats specific to Klaviyo’s assets.&nbsp;</p>
<h3><strong>How you’ll have an impact:</strong></h3>
<p><strong>Reporting and Analytics</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Develop and own an effective and comprehensive reporting dashboard with visualizations, reports, and analysis that reflect the source of truth in terms of performance monitoring for the GSS organization.</li>
<li>Collaborate with and support stakeholders across the GSS organization ensuring alignment on business metrics and source standardization.</li>
<li>Enable automated and accurate reporting of GSS metrics in forums such as Monthly Projects and Services Meetings, PMO Reviews, Strategic Initiatives and Board Materials.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Support our GSS organization with analytical support to assist in data driven problem solving.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Security Intelligence</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Triage and respond to cyber threats, alerts and incidents.</li>
<li>Perform host and network based log analysis in a cloud first environment.</li>
<li>Leverage AI and/or build security tools to automate threat response tasks.</li>
<li>Develop detailed post incident and investigation reports.</li>
<li>Collaborate with detection engineers to identify threat detection use cases.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Work with engineering stakeholders to improve security posture post investigations.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Program &amp; stakeholder leadership</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Identify potential risks based on trends and communicate those insights back to the organization.</li>
<li>Support the management of strategic programs and initiatives and work with GSS to establish and align on business impact sizing.</li>
<li>Stay up-to-date on industry trends, best practices, and emerging technologies in our competitive landscape.</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>Who you are:</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Proven 5+ years of experience as a business intelligence and data analytic (essential), preferably in the SaaS industry.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Extensive, demonstrable experience reading and writing complex SQL queries for data collection and analysis including using visualization platforms such as Tableau, Power BI, Apache Superset or similar (essential).</li>
<li>Scripting experience using Python (web scrapping), dbt and bash (essential).</li>
<li>Experience using or ingesting data from Splunk, Snowflake and other monitoring tools (essential).</li>
<li>Experience using Atlassian Confluence and JIRA (essential).&nbsp;</li>
<li>Automation-first approach for all work performed (essential).&nbsp;</li>
<li>You’ve already experimented with AI in work or personal projects, and you’re excited to dive in and learn fast. You’re hungry to responsibly explore new AI tools and workflows, finding ways to make your work smarter and more efficient (essential).&nbsp;</li>
<li>Experience of working with business areas to understand and interpret their requirements.</li>
<li>Be curious, innovative, creative and agile, developing and championing new ideas, identifying opportunities, and learning fast along the way.</li>
<li>Demonstrate initiative and commitment for results and the ability to set priorities and manage multiple initiatives.</li>
<li>Strong time-management skills, with the ability to prioritize tasks, meet deadlines, and adapt to changing project requirements and timelines.&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>Nice to have:</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>2+ years of hands-on security operations experience in cloud-native environments.</li>
<li>Experience in triaging and responding to cyber threats, alerts, and incidents as well as log analysis, incident response and/or digital forensics.</li>
<li>Experience securing cloud environments such as AWS, GCP, and/or Azure.</li>
<li>Knowledge of security and IT frameworks such as NIST CSF, ISO 27001, SOC2, PCI-DSS.</li>
<li>Experience using ASANA or any project management tools including creating integrations for reporting purposes.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Experience in information security and IT practices around services, cloud infrastructure, hosting and platforms.</li>
</ul>
<p>#LI-Hybrid #LI-JW1</p>
<p>We use Covey as part of our hiring and / or promotional process. For jobs or candidates in NYC, certain features may qualify it as an AEDT. As part of the evaluation process we provide Covey with job requirements and candidate submitted applications. We began using <a href="https://getcovey.com/product/covey-scout-inbound">Covey Scout for Inbound</a> on April 3, 2025.</p>
<p>Please see the independent bias audit report covering our use of Covey <a style="text-decoration: underline;" href="https://getcovey.com/nyc-local-law-144">here</a></p><div class="content-pay-transparency"><div class="pay-input"><div class="description"><p>Our salary range reflects the cost of labour in the country where the job post is advertised. The base salary offered for this position is determined by several factors, including the applicant’s job-related skills, relevant experience, education or training, and work location.</p>
<p>In addition to base salary, our total compensation package may include participation in the company’s annual cash bonus plan, variable compensation (OTE) for sales and customer success roles, equity, sign-on payments, and a comprehensive range of health, welfare, and wellbeing benefits based on eligibility.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Your recruiter can provide more details about the specific salary/OTE&nbsp; range for your preferred location during the hiring process.</p></div><div class="title">Base Pay Range in Local Currency:</div><div class="pay-range"><span>£52,000</span><span class="divider">&mdash;</span><span>£78,000 GBP</span></div></div></div><div class="content-conclusion"><p><em>This role may require up to 10% travel for purposes such as new hire onboarding, client or partner work if applicable, team meetings, and industry events. Travel is coordinated in advance.</em></p>
<p><strong>Get to Know Klaviyo</strong></p>
<p>We’re Klaviyo (pronounced clay-vee-oh). We empower creators to own their destiny by making first-party data accessible and actionable like never before. We see limitless potential for the technology we’re developing to nurture personalized experiences in ecommerce and beyond. To reach our goals, we need our own crew of remarkable creators—ambitious and collaborative teammates who stay focused on our north star: delighting our customers. If you’re ready to do the best work of your career, where you’ll be welcomed as your whole self from day one and supported with generous benefits, we hope you’ll join us.</p>
<p><em>AI fluency at Klaviyo includes responsible use of AI (including privacy, security, bias awareness, and human-in-the-loop). We provide accommodations as needed.&nbsp;</em></p>
<p><em>By participating in Klaviyo’s interview process, you acknowledge that you have read, understood, and will adhere to our&nbsp;<a href="https://www.klaviyo.com/careers/ai-guidance" target="\_blank" data-saferedirecturl="https://www.google.com/url?q=https://www.klaviyo.com/careers/ai-guidance&amp;source=gmail&amp;ust=1761072778777000&amp;usg=AOvVaw0auUcRqeYRczM9UoXAKldj">Guidelines for using AI in the Klaviyo interview Process</a>. For more information about how we process your personal data, see our&nbsp;<a href="https://www.klaviyo.com/legal/job-applicant-privacy-notice" target="\_blank" data-saferedirecturl="https://www.google.com/url?q=https://www.klaviyo.com/legal/job-applicant-privacy-notice&amp;source=gmail&amp;ust=1761072778777000&amp;usg=AOvVaw1axMoReIM1qwTbmaPcLI\_b">Job Applicant Privacy Notice</a>.<br></em></p>
<p><em>Klaviyo is committed to a policy of equal opportunity and non-discrimination. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, ethnicity, citizenship, national origin, color, religion or religious creed, age, sex (including pregnancy), gender identity, sexual orientation, physical or mental disability, veteran or active military status, marital status, criminal record, genetics, retaliation, sexual harassment or any other characteristic protected by applicable law.</em></p>
<div id="1737752197.414839" class="c-virtual\_list\_\_item" data-qa="virtual-list-item" data-item-key="1737752197.414839">
<div class="c-message\_kit\_\_background p-message\_pane\_message\_\_message c-message\_kit\_\_message" data-qa="message\_container" data-qa-unprocessed="false" data-qa-placeholder="false">
<div class="c-message\_kit\_\_hover" data-qa-hover="true">
<div class="c-message\_kit\_\_actions c-message\_kit\_\_actions--default">
<div class="c-message\_kit\_\_gutter">
<div class="c-message\_kit\_\_gutter\_\_right" data-qa="message\_content">
<div class="c-message\_kit\_\_blocks c-message\_kit\_\_blocks--rich\_text">
<div class="c-message\_\_message\_blocks c-message\_\_message\_blocks--rich\_text" data-qa="message-text">
<div class="p-block\_kit\_renderer" data-qa="block-kit-renderer">
<div class="p-block\_kit\_renderer\_\_block\_wrapper p-block\_kit\_renderer\_\_block\_wrapper--first">
<div class="p-rich\_text\_block">
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section"><em data-stringify-type="italic">IMPORTANT NOTICE: Our company takes the security and privacy of job applicants very seriously. We will never ask for payment, bank details, or personal financial information as part of the application process. All our legitimate job postings can be found on our official career site. Please be cautious of job offers that come from non-company email addresses (@klaviyo.com), instant messaging platforms, or unsolicited calls.</em></div>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section">&nbsp;</div>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section"><strong data-stringify-type="bold">By clicking "Submit Application" you consent to Klaviyo processing your Personal Data in accordance with our Job Applicant Privacy Notice.&nbsp; If you do not wish for Klaviyo to process your Personal Data, please do not submit an application.<em data-stringify-type="italic">&nbsp; </em></strong><em data-stringify-type="italic">You can find our Job Applicant Privacy Notice&nbsp;</em><em data-stringify-type="italic"><a class="c-link" href="https://www.klaviyo.com/legal/job-applicant-privacy-notice" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://www.klaviyo.com/legal/job-applicant-privacy-notice" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">here</a></em><em data-stringify-type="italic">&nbsp;and <a href="https://www.klaviyo.com/fr/legal/job-applicant-privacy-notice">here</a> (FR).</em></div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div id="1737477146.268809" class="c-virtual\_list\_\_item" data-qa="virtual-list-item" data-item-key="1737477146.268809">
<div class="c-message\_kit\_\_background p-message\_pane\_message\_\_message c-message\_kit\_\_message" data-qa="message\_container" data-qa-unprocessed="false" data-qa-placeholder="false">
<div class="c-message\_kit\_\_hover" data-qa-hover="true">
<div class="c-message\_kit\_\_actions c-message\_kit\_\_actions--above">
<div class="c-message\_kit\_\_gutter">
<div class="c-message\_kit\_\_gutter\_\_left">&nbsp;</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div></div>