<div class="content-intro"><p><strong>COMPANY OVERVIEW</strong></p>
<p>KKR is a leading global investment firm that offers alternative asset management as well as capital markets and insurance solutions. KKR aims to generate attractive investment returns by following a patient and disciplined investment approach, employing world-class people, and supporting growth in its portfolio companies and communities. KKR sponsors investment funds that invest in private equity, credit and real assets and has strategic partners that manage hedge funds. KKR’s insurance subsidiaries offer retirement, life and reinsurance products under the management of Global Atlantic Financial Group. References to KKR’s investments may include the activities of its sponsored funds and insurance subsidiaries.</p></div><p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>POSITION SUMMARY</strong></p>
<p>We are seeking a highly skilled and intellectually curious<strong> Quantitative Engineer</strong> to enhance our financial modelling, data retrieval and analytical capabilities for KKR Credit &amp; Markets. This role focuses on leveraging quantitative and analytical techniques to optimize our data-driven decision-making and operational workflows. You will play a pivotal role in developing tools, building in-house capabilities, and driving innovations in asset-backed investment analytics and modelling.&nbsp;&nbsp;</p>
<p>The ideal candidate will have an engineering or computer science background, a passion for solving complex problems within a rich business domain, and the ability to drive long-term technical initiatives as part of a global team.</p>
<p><strong>RESPONSIBILITIES</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><strong>Design and Build the Data Warehouse</strong>
<ul>
<li>Architect and implement a robust in-house data warehouse using data from existing investments and third party data warehouses&nbsp;&nbsp;</li>
<li>Ensure scalability, performance, and reliability of the data infrastructure and structure.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Collaborate with stakeholders to identify and integrate key data sources and data pipelines.&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li><strong>Data Governance and Security</strong>
<ul>
<li>Establish protocols for data consistency, quality, and security.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Implement best practices for data governance and compliance.&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li><strong>Enable Advanced Analytics and Reporting</strong>
<ul>
<li>Develop pipelines to support sophisticated analytical models, visualizations, and business intelligence tools.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Collaborate with investment teams to ensure the warehouse meets analytical requirements.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Facilitate reporting automation to streamline decision-making processes.&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li><strong>Long-Term Impact</strong>
<ul>
<li>Reduce dependency on external data providers and mitigate licensing risks.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Create a scalable foundation for future data initiatives, including advanced forecasting and performance visualization projects.&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>REQUIREMENTS</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Strong programming skills and experience with database technologies e.g., SQL, Snowflake, Spark or similar.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Understanding of data modelling and architecture design.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Strong problem-solving and critical-thinking abilities.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Cultural fit – teamwork, proactive/self-starter, results oriented and integrity.</li>
<li>Experience in one or more of<strong> </strong>bank loans/leveraged loans, fixed-income products, CLOs, derivatives, ABS and CMBS products.</li>
<li>Familiarity with visualization tools (e.g., Tableau, Power BI) and/or Intex Tools is a plus.</li>
</ul>
<p>#LI-ONSITE</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p>KKR is an equal opportunity employer.&nbsp; Individuals seeking employment are considered without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, veteran status, sexual orientation, or any other category protected by applicable law.</p>
<p>KKR will provide reasonable accommodations as required by applicable federal, state, and/or local laws. Individuals seeking an accommodation for the application or interview process should email&nbsp;<a href="mailto:Benefits@kkr.com">Benefits@kkr.com</a>. Emails sent for unrelated issues, such as following up on an application, will not receive a response.</p>
<p>If you are a qualified individual with a disability or a disabled veteran, you may request a reasonable accommodation if you are unable or limited in your ability to use or access&nbsp;<a href="https://www.kkr.com/careers" data-saferedirecturl="https://www.google.com/url?q=https://www.kkr.com/careers&amp;source=gmail&amp;ust=1774021690220000&amp;usg=AOvVaw1AG2WRszai8PfCsE-FH5EJ">https://www.kkr.com/careers</a>&nbsp;because of your disability. You can request reasonable accommodations by sending an email to&nbsp;<a href="mailto:Benefits@kkr.com">Benefits@kkr.com</a>. Only emails left for this purpose will be returned.</p>
<p><strong>Massachusetts Applicants:</strong>&nbsp;It is unlawful in Massachusetts to require or administer a lie detector test as a condition of employment or continued employment. An employer who violates this law shall be subject to criminal penalties and civil liability. This notice&nbsp;applies only&nbsp;to applicants and employees who work or will work in Massachusetts, in accordance with applicable state law.</p></div>