<div class="content-intro"><h4><strong>Join Axon and be a Force for Good.</strong></h4>
<p>At Axon, we’re on a mission to Protect Life. We’re explorers, pursuing society’s most critical safety and justice issues with our ecosystem of devices and cloud software. Like our products, we work better together. We connect with candor and care, seeking out diverse perspectives from our customers, communities and each other.<br><br>Life at Axon is fast-paced, challenging and meaningful. Here, you’ll take ownership and drive real change. Constantly grow as you work hard for a mission that matters at a company where you matter.</p></div><p><strong>Your Impact:</strong><br>Axons Key Account Leader for Top 1200 are responsible for selling Axon products and services to our law enforcement agencies. This is a quota carrying, external field position. Ability to articulate complex solutions, build and maintain senior level relationships, navigate across customer agencies and procurement processes, and lead the Axon team to success is required. The position provides technical and administrative product information, demonstrations, and/or product training.<br><br>At Axon, our goal is to make each individual feel valued for his or her contributions to the company’s mission to protect life. We are looking for intelligent people who want to do remarkable things. We strive to create an environment where people can succeed and enjoy coming to work every day.</p>
<div><strong>Location:</strong> Remote and traveling 50% of the time, but could be up to 70%.<br><strong>Territory: </strong>MN, IA, WY, ND, SD (60% MN, 25% IA, 15% WY, ND, SD)&nbsp;</div>
<div><strong>Reports to:</strong> Senior Director, Key Accounts West&nbsp;</div>
<div><br><strong>What You Do:</strong></div>
<ul>
<li>Manage and grow revenue and market share at designated agencies to maximize customer satisfaction and achieve strategic objectives</li>
<li>Develop and maintain client relationships to ultimately drive revenue growth</li>
<li>Develop and execute account strategy by collaborating with account team to deliver stronger, more relevant value propositions</li>
<li>Track customer activity in internal systems in order to execute on account strategy and identify additional opportunities</li>
<li>Cultivate customer relationships and ensure effective service delivery to accounts</li>
<li>Focus on customer's satisfaction, know the customer's business and workflows, develop proper contact network within accounts</li>
<li>Work with and bring in experts/specialists where required</li>
<li>Oversee and know all account activities for your book of business</li>
<li>Own account relationship and drive overall customer satisfaction for assigned accounts</li>
<li>Responsible for forecasting, keep management in touch with accounts in a timely fashion, gather intelligence on competitor activity, and give feedback to marketing</li>
<li>May provide customer product training as necessary</li>
<li>Accountable for individual expense budget management</li>
</ul>
<p><br><strong>What You Bring:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Minimum of 5 years of demonstrated successful customer facing Software (SaaS / Cloud) Sales Experience</li>
<li>Minimum of 3 years’ experience managing a book of business of Major Accounts</li>
<li>Solution or consultative sales experience working within complex sales processes</li>
<li>Data management experience using Salesforce (preferred) or similar CRM</li>
<li>Strong understanding of Cloud and SaaS</li>
<li>Able to travel 70% + (3-4 days a week on the road) including overnight travel</li>
<li>Able to clearly and directly articulate complex solution offerings across technical and non-technical audiences</li>
<li>Startup experience &amp; some vertical experience</li>
<li>Law Enforcement / Public Safety experience</li>
<li>Team Player: collaborate with various team members regularly</li>
<li>Ready to own &amp; drive the territory</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>Benefits that Benefit You:</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Competitive salary and 401k with employer match</li>
<li>Discretionary paid time off</li>
<li>Paid parental leave for all</li>
<li>Medical, Dental, Vision plans</li>
<li>Fitness Programs</li>
<li>Emotional &amp; Mental Wellness support</li>
<li>Learning &amp; Development programs</li>
<li>And yes, we have snacks in our offices</li>
</ul>
<p><em>Benefits listed herein may vary depending on the nature of your employment and the location where you work</em></p><div class="content-pay-transparency"><div class="pay-input"><div class="description"><p>Axon is a total compensation company, meaning compensation is made up of base pay and commission targets. The actual base pay is dependent upon many factors, such as: level, function, training, transferable skills, work experience, business needs, geographic market, and often a combination of all these factors. Our benefits offer an array of options to help support you physically, financially and emotionally through the big milestones and in your everyday life. To see more details on our benefits offerings please visit <a href="https://www.axon.com/careers" target="\_blank">https://www.axon.com/careers</a>.</p></div><div class="title">Base Pay Range</div><div class="pay-range"><span>$82,650</span><span class="divider">&mdash;</span><span>$132,240 USD</span></div></div></div><div class="content-conclusion"><p>Don’t meet every single requirement? That's ok. At Axon, we Aim Far. We think big with a long-term view because we want to reinvent the world to be a safer, better place. We are also committed to building diverse teams that reflect the communities we serve.</p>
<p>Studies have shown that women and people of color are less likely to apply to jobs unless they check every box in the job description. If you’re excited about this role and our mission to Protect Life but your experience doesn’t align perfectly with every qualification listed here, we encourage you to apply anyways. You may be just the right candidate for this or other roles.</p>
<p><strong>Important Notes</strong></p>
<p><em>The above job description is not intended as, nor should it be construed as, exhaustive of all duties, responsibilities, skills, efforts, or working conditions associated with this job. The job description may change or be supplemented at any time in accordance with business needs and conditions.</em></p>
<p><em>Some roles may also require legal eligibility to work in a firearms environment.</em></p>
<p><em>We collect personal information from applicants to evaluate candidates for employment. You may request access, deletion, or exercise other CCPA rights at&nbsp;<strong data-stringify-type="bold"><a class="c-link c-link--underline" href="mailto:axongreenhousesupport@axon.com" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="mailto:axongreenhousesupport@axon.com" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">axongreenhousesupport@axon.com</a></strong>&nbsp;or via our&nbsp;<a class="c-link c-link--underline" href="https://privacyportal.onetrust.com/webform/0efc1702-9321-4119-bc9d-a06c3a1d3e4e/ca57cc26-a159-4193-9f6e-58ffe3fd2509" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://privacyportal.onetrust.com/webform/0efc1702-9321-4119-bc9d-a06c3a1d3e4e/ca57cc26-a159-4193-9f6e-58ffe3fd2509" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">Axon Privacy Web Form</a>. For more information, please see the Your California Privacy Rights section of our&nbsp;<a class="c-link c-link--underline" href="https://www.axon.com/candidateprivacypolicy" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://www.axon.com/candidateprivacypolicy" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">Applicant and Candidate Privacy Notice.</a></em></p>
<p><em>Axon’s mission is to Protect Life and is committed to the well-being and safety of its employees as well as Axon’s impact on the environment. All Axon employees must be aware of and committed to the appropriate environmental, health, and safety regulations, policies, and procedures. Axon employees are empowered to report safety concerns as they arise and activities potentially impacting the environment.</em></p>
<p><em>We are an equal opportunity employer that promotes justice, advances equity, values diversity and fosters inclusion. We’re committed to hiring the best talent — regardless of race, creed, color, ancestry, religion, sex (including pregnancy), national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship status, marital status, disability, gender identity, genetic information, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances — and empowering all of our employees so they can do their best work. If you have a disability or special need that requires assistance or accommodation during the application or the recruiting process, please email <a href="mailto:recruitingops@axon.com">recruitingops@axon.com. </a>&nbsp;Please note that this email address is for accommodation purposes only. Axon will not respond to inquiries for other purposes.</em></p>
<p>Phishing alert:&nbsp; Axon will never ask you to pay for any part of the hiring process, including training, equipment, or background checks. We do not make job offers via text message, WhatsApp, or instant messaging platforms without a formal interview process.&nbsp; All legitimate job openings are listed on our official careers page at <a href="https://www.axon.com/careers">https://www.axon.com/careers</a>. &nbsp;If you receive a suspicious offer or outreach from an email address that is not <strong>@axon.com</strong>, or if you are asked for sensitive personal information (bank details, Social Security Number) prematurely, please ignore the message and report it to <a href="mailto:recruitingops@axon.com">recruitingops@axon.com</a>.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p></div>