## Your Mission

In our team, we are developing features, tools and methods to secure future infotainment systems and their platform for Mercedes-Benz cars.<br> <br> As an Expertsecurity engineer in the platform team, you will:<br><ul><li>Work alongside other Security Engineers to harden a Multi-SoC and Multi-OS infotainment system.</li><li>Utilize and extend security technologies offered by the OS to secure components.</li><li>Design and implement automated software security testing tools in our CI/CD pipeline.</li><li>Design and implement or integrate host-based security tools.</li><li>Perform security design review, threat model review and code security review.</li><li>Contribute to enhance the existing security tools and processes developed at MBition.</li><li>Consult various teams across the organization on security concepts.</li></ul>

## Your Profile

<strong>Education</strong><br><ul><li>Degree in Computer Science, Information Technology or a comparable qualification. An MSc or PhD will be a plus.*</li></ul><em>       Highly experienced candidate with no degree will be assessed on case-by-case basis. </em><br> <br> <strong>Experience</strong><br><ul><li>Strong understanding of Linux or Android Security (e.g., LSMs, DAC, MAC, CAP, NS)</li><li>Experience in securing software by providing alternative designs based on the OS abilities.</li><li>Ability to use a scripting language (Python is preferred)</li></ul><br> <strong>Very nice to have:</strong><br><ul><li>Experience in software development using C/C++</li><li>Experience in Secure Software Development</li><li>Experience in Automotive Development</li><li>Familiarity with Trust Zone or virtualization for security</li><li>Experience in network security</li><li>Applied cryptography</li><li>Experience in QNX security mechanism</li></ul><br> <strong>Personal skills we are looking for</strong><br><ul><li>Strong ability to seek and understand the security needs and finding the possible solutions</li><li>Strong ability to work independently and effectively in a team environment</li><li>Proficiency in problem solving, troubleshooting technical issues and can-do attitude</li><li>Ability to handle multiple competing priorities in a fast-paced environment</li><li>Excellent organizational, time-management and multi-tasking skills</li><li>Personal initiative, commitment, perseverance and resilience</li><li>Well-developed communication and teamwork skills</li></ul><strong>Language skills</strong><br><ul><li>Proficient in English, German is a plus!</li></ul>

## Why us?

<ul><li>A chance to work on a new generation of Infotainment Systems, which will power millions of cars</li><li>An international, interdisciplinary innovation lab, which is part of the Mercedes Benz AG</li><li>Agile working methods and open feedback culture</li><li>A brand new, modern, and barrier-free office building </li><li>Remote work possible (for legal reasons only inside Germany)</li><li>Flexible working hours</li><li>Transportation and health benefits, discounts on cars, free coffee and fruits, and more</li></ul>

## Interested?

We look forward to receiving your complete application, including CV (English) and relevant references with the following information:<ul><li>Job title and reference number</li><li>Salary expectations</li><li>Earliest start date</li></ul>We would like to encourage people with health impairments to apply to our jobs! Our building and work places offer the possibilities to adjust to different employee requirements.<br><br><strong>Job Posting:</strong><ul><li>Posting Date: 24.09.2025 </li><li>Supervisor: Marcus Mennemeier</li><li>Dept: Strategic Development Office</li><li>Team: Product Security - Architecture, Process, Governance</li><li>Opening: 1 x Internal FTE</li></ul><br>