<div class="content-intro"><p><span style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;">Shift delivers AI agents that transform insurers' most critical work. By combining deep industry expertise and unmatched data resources, Shift provides proven results that have earned the trust of hundreds of the world's leading insurers. Our insurance-grade AI is accurate, explainable, and secure—empowering human experts to move with unmatched speed, total confidence, and a renewed focus on the people they serve.</span></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><video poster="https://8595762.fs1.hubspotusercontent-na1.net/hubfs/8595762/2026%20Website%20Refresh/2026%20Shift%20Brand%20Video/thumbnail-violet.jpg" controls="controls" width="300" height="150">
&nbsp;&nbsp;<source src="https://8595762.fs1.hubspotusercontent-na1.net/hubfs/8595762/2026%20Website%20Refresh/2026%20Shift%20Brand%20Video/2026%20Shift%20Brand%20Video%20(English).mp4" type="video/mp4">
&nbsp;&nbsp;Your browser does not support the video tag.</video></p>
<p><span style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;">Our culture is built on innovation, trust, and a drive to transform the insurance industry through our SaaS platform. We come from more than 50 different countries and cultures and together we are creating the future of insurance.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;">Learn more at <a href="http://www.shift-technology.com" target="\_blank">www.shift-technology.com</a></span></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p></div><p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Shift Technology :&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>Shift is the leading AI platform for insurance. Shift combines generative, agentic, and predictive AI to transform underwriting, claims, and fraud and risk - driving operational efficiency, exceptional customer experiences and measurable business impact. Trusted by the world's leading insurers, Shift delivers AI when and where it matters most, at scale and with proven results.</p>
<p><strong>The Data Science Team</strong><strong>🤖</strong><strong>:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>The Data Science team works on a broad range of subjects. We actively participate in the definition and development of our suite of products on fraud detection, anti-money laundering and claim automation.&nbsp; We have a lot of technical and professional experience in data science, data engineering, coding, business understanding and client interactions. Additionally, we also work on various data types such as structured data, free text, documents and images.</p>
<p><strong>Your key responsibilities will include</strong><strong>🧑‍💻</strong><strong>:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Setting up and deploying data processing pipelines, such as data reception (batch or real-time), data cleaning, information extraction, and calibration of fraud detection models.</li>
<li>Collaborating with clients to understand their needs and incorporating their feedback to enhance our solutions.</li>
<li>Conducting R&amp;D to drive product innovation (machine learning, NLP, image analysis, trend analysis, chatbots, etc.).</li>
<li>Supporting the sales team by participating in prospect demos.</li>
<li>Partnering in an entire Data Science product lifecycle : Understand how sales, legal, product, engineering are connected together to deliver an AI product to clients.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Your profile and requirements</strong><strong>✅</strong><strong>:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>You are currently enrolled as a master's degree student in either Mathematics,&nbsp; Statistics, Computer Science, Machine learning and/or Big Data.</li>
<li>You must be able to provide an internship agreement (convenio de prácticas) signed by your school or university for 6 months and you are able<strong> to start your internship around August 31th in Madrid.&nbsp;</strong></li>
<li>You have experience in object-oriented programming (OOP) such as prior internship, school and/or personal projects so you can write quality production code. An experience using C# is a plus.</li>
<li>You are comfortable dealing with clients.</li>
<li>Spanish is mandatory at a fluent level and you can communicate clearly in English. French is not mandatory.&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Why join Shift Technology as a Data Scientist Intern ?&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>🤸‍♀️Flexibility, autonomy&nbsp; and adaptability are part of our core values : We are a horizontal organization without bureaucracy (40% of staff are data scientists) but optimal and reduced line management, focus on delivery and development while having a hybrid model.</p>
<p>🧠Learn from inside an AI leader tech company : Join the 13th French Licorne providing hands on training, workshop and sessions with highly experienced AI research Team.&nbsp;&nbsp;</p>
<p>💶Your commitment, our investment : 1800€ gross monthly gratification, high&nbsp; conversion rate to full time employee, dedicated HR partner, regular reviews and feedback sessions with your team.</p>
<p>🌍Be part of an international and diverse tech firm : Full english speaking environment with 55 different nationalities across the world and 11 offices locations (Paris, Singapore, Tokyo, Sao Paulo, Mexico City, Boston, Madrid, London, Toronto, Berlin...)</p>
<p>🤝Dealing with big clients and developing business skills &amp; knowledge : Real life experience with Insurance business challenges inside the world of AI.&nbsp;&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>What is next ?</strong><strong>&nbsp;</strong><strong>🎯</strong></p>
<p>If your application and experience meet our requirements, you can expect :</p>
<ul>
<li>Talent Acquisition interview (30 min)</li>
<li>Technical interview 1 (60 min)&nbsp;<br>Technical interview 2 (60 min)&nbsp;</li>
<li>Hiring manager interview (60 min)</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>The interview process can take 2 to 3 weeks, depending on the interviewer's availability. Be sure that we are doing our best to get back to you with an answer as fast as possible. If you are not getting an update on your application after 10 days, please reach out to our email address.&nbsp;</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><span style="color: #000000;"><strong><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;">To support our permanent, full time employees at every stage of their careers and lives, we provide a competitive total rewards and benefits package. Here are the global benefits we’d like to highlight:</span></strong></span></p>
<ul>
<li style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;"><span style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0); font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;">Flexible remote and hybrid working options</span></li>
<li style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;"><span style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0); font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;">Competitive Salary and a variable component tied to personal and company performance</span></li>
<li style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;"><span style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0); font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;">Multiple Learning and Development opportunities, including Focus Fridays, a half-day each month to focus on learning and personal growth</span></li>
<li style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;"><span style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0); font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;">Generous PTO and paid holidays</span></li>
<li style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;"><span style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0); font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;">Mental health benefits&nbsp;</span></li>
<li style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;"><span style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0); font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;">2 MAD Days per year (Make A Difference Days for paid volunteering)</span></li>
</ul>
<p><span style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0); font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;">Additional benefits may be offered by country, based on your eligibility - ask your recruiter for more information. Intern and Apprentice positions may receive some of these benefits - ask your recruiter for more details.</span></p>
<p><span style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0); font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;"><em>At Shift we strive to be a diverse and inclusive workforce. <em data-stringify-type="italic">We welcome applications from and hire people who will contribute to the diversity of our company,&nbsp;</em>without regard to race, color, religion, marital status, age, national or ethnic origin, physical or mental disability, medical condition, pregnancy, genetic information, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, or other non-merit criteria.</em></span></p>
<p><span style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0); font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;"><em>Shift Technology is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities in our application and employment process. Should you require accommodation, please email accommodation@shift-technology.com and we will work with you to meet your accessibility needs.</em></span></p>
<p><span style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0); font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;"><em>Please be aware of scammers and only trust correspondence that comes from emails ending in "shift-technology.com". We will never do initial outreach to you via Whatsapp/Text/SMS, never ask for banking information or personal identification numbers (ex. Social Security Number) as part of our recruitment process.</em></span></p>
<p><span style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0); font-size: 8pt; font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;"><em>Shift Technology does not accept unsolicited CVs from recruiters or employment agencies in response to the Shift Technology Careers page or a Shift Technology social media post. Any unsolicited CVs, including those submitted directly to hiring managers, are deemed to be the property of Shift Technology. </em></span></p></div>