<p>MongoDB’s mission is to empower innovators to create, transform, and disrupt industries by unleashing the power of software and data. We enable organizations of all sizes to easily build, scale, and run modern applications by helping them modernize legacy workloads, embrace innovation, and unleash AI. Our industry-leading developer data platform, MongoDB Atlas, is the only globally distributed, multi-cloud database and is available in more than 115 regions across AWS, Google Cloud, and Microsoft Azure. Atlas allows customers to build and run applications anywhere—on premises, or across cloud providers. With offices worldwide and over 175,000 new developers signing up to use MongoDB every month, it’s no wonder that leading organizations, like Samsung and Toyota, trust MongoDB to build next-generation, AI-powered applications.</p>
<h3>About the job</h3>
<p>The worldwide data management software market is massive (According to IDC, the worldwide database software market, which it refers to as the database management systems software market, was forecasted to be approximately $82 billion in 2023 growing to approximately $137 billion in 2027. This represents a 14% compound annual growth rate). At MongoDB we are transforming industries and empowering developers to build amazing apps that people use every day. We are the leading developer data platform and the first database provider to IPO in over 20 years. Join our team and be at the forefront of innovation and creativity.</p>
<h3>About The Role</h3>
<p>We’re looking for a hardworking, driven individual with superb energy, passion and initiative for new business acquisition. The Enteprise Account Executive role focuses exclusively on formulating and executing a sales strategy within an assigned territory, resulting in revenue growth and new customer acquisition.</p>
<p>We are looking to speak to candidates who are based in Paris for our hybrid working model.</p>
<h3>About The Sales Culture</h3>
<p>MongoDB is always developing and innovating — not only in our technology, but also in our sales go-to-market strategy. Our sales leadership is committed to building the best salesforce in technology. This means, inspiring and enabling success for everyone on the team. We not only equip you to be successful and close deals, but we want your feedback and input on how we can continue to “Think Big and Go Far.” As a crucial part of the Sales team at MongoDB, you will have access to a lucrative market and learn how to sell from some of the most successful sales leaders in the software industry.</p>
<h3>What you will be doing</h3>
<ul>
<li>Proactively, identify, qualify and close a sales pipeline</li>
<li>Strategically prospect into CTOs, Engineering/IT Leaders, &amp; technical end users</li>
<li>Build strong and effective relationships, resulting in growth opportunities</li>
<li>Partner with our Solution Architects and work closely with the Professional Services team to achieve customer satisfaction</li>
<li>Work closely with the enterprise ecosystem partner sales and channel partner to maximize&nbsp; deal sizes</li>
<li>Participate in our sales enablement trainings, including our comprehensive Sales Bootcamp,&nbsp;sophisticated sales training, and leadership and development programs&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<h3>What you will bring to the table</h3>
<ul>
<li>4+ years field experience of quota-carrying experience in a fast-paced and competitive market</li>
<li>Demonstrated ability to grow accounts and run a complex sales process to Enterprise clients</li>
<li>A proven track record of overachievement and hitting sales targets</li>
<li>Ability to articulate the business value of complex enterprise technology</li>
<li>Skilled in building business champions</li>
<li>Driven and competitive. Possess a strong desire to be successful&nbsp;</li>
<li>Fluency in French and English&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<h3>Things we love</h3>
<ul>
<li>Passionate about growing your career in the largest market in software (database)</li>
<li>Previous Sales Methodology training (e.g. MEDDIC, SPIN, Challenger Sales)</li>
<li>Familiarity with databases, develops and open source technology a plus<strong><br></strong></li>
</ul>
<p>To drive the personal growth and business impact of our employees, we’re committed to developing a supportive and enriching culture for everyone. <a href="https://www.mongodb.com/company/blog/culture/employee-benefits-that-make-a-difference-at-mongodb">From employee affinity groups, to fertility assistance and a generous parental leave policy</a>, we value our employees’ wellbeing and want to support them along every step of their professional and personal journeys.<a href="https://www.mongodb.com/blog/channel/culture"> Learn more about what it’s like to work at MongoDB</a>, and help us make an impact on the world!</p>
<p>MongoDB is committed to providing any necessary accommodations for individuals with disabilities within our application and interview process. To request an accommodation due to a disability, please inform your recruiter.</p>
<p>MongoDB is an equal opportunities employer.</p>
<p>Req ID: 425601</p>