<div class="content-intro"><p class="sc-gEkIjz cjtSrT MuiTypography-root MuiTypography-body1 sc-hoLEA">Raisin is the world's leading platform for savings and investment products. Founded in 2012, the&nbsp;<strong>FinTech</strong> connects consumers with banks in the EU, the UK and the US. This gives consumers <strong>better interest rates</strong> and banks a <strong>diversified form of refinancing</strong>. Our vision is to offer savings and investments without barriers and thus open up the global 160 trillion euro market.</p>
<p class="sc-gEkIjz cjtSrT MuiTypography-root MuiTypography-body1 sc-hoLEA">Raisin currently employs more than 800 people from over 75 countries worldwide. Today, the platform holds over 80 billion euros in assets from&nbsp;<strong>more than one million investors</strong> which have accrued over 5 billion euros in returns.</p></div><p><span style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0);"><strong>Team</strong></span></p>
<p>Are you an active listener, think in a solution-oriented way and really want to help customers?<br><br>Become part of our Customer Service team at Raisin - and support us as a Junior Customer Service Agent in providing our customers with a first-class experience. Our 1st level Customer Service team supports our Dutch-speaking customers mainly inbound by phone and email (in future also via live chat) with all matters relating to our financial products. For legal reasons, we are not allowed to provide investment advice, so our customer contacts focus on service, not sales.<br><br>If you want to develop your career and work in an internationally oriented FinTech company, we want to hear from you!<br><br><strong>Your Responsibilities</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Quickly become an expert for our products and processes, you are the contact person for our customers.</li>
<li>With your communication skills, you will independently handle customer inquiries by phone and in writing.</li>
<li>You work closely with other colleagues from customer service and Raisin's departments and stakeholders.</li>
<li>You inspire with your friendly manner and our customers feel in good hands with you, which contributes to customer enthusiasm.</li>
<li>You professionally handle inquiries regarding the account opening and investment process up to basic tax issues.</li>
<li>You contribute to making the use of our platform a positive customer experience.</li>
<li>You develop and implement your own ideas for optimizing work processes.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Your Profile</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>You speak Dutch at C2 level, both written and spoken and have a good command of English.</li>
<li>Professional experience in customer service or customer support is desirable, regardless of industry.</li>
<li>Strong communicators who want to help customers via telephone with words and deeds are also welcome.</li>
<li>You enjoy dealing with people, you are able to handle several tasks simultaneously under pressure while setting appropriate priorities.</li>
<li>You are interested in complex topics and in modern finance and capital markets.</li>
<li>You have high expectations of your work and maintain an overview even in hectic times.</li>
<li>You are confident using tools like Microsoft Office and Google Workspace and learn new systems quickly.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Join our mission, join our team – and grow with us!</strong></p>
<p>At Raisin, we care about each other and it is one of our top priorities to foster an open and caring environment in which everyone feels welcome and comfortable. Our culture is strongly driven by our ambitious team, which connects more than 75 different nationalities.</p>
<p>As part of our team, you will benefit from:</p>
<ul>
<li>Employee Development Budget of €2,000 and four full training days per year.</li>
<li>Flexible working hours, home office and 30 vacation days.</li>
<li>A company pension scheme (Betriebliche Altersvorsorge), which we support with 20%.</li>
<li>Enjoy more than 50+ different sports with Urban Sports Club: We subsidize your membership with more than €20 per month.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Do you miss being in the office? The Deutschland Ticket gets you there, which we subsidize with €25 per month.</li>
<li>Love cycling? With JobRad, lease the bike of your choice and enjoy tax savings, plus Raisin covers your monthly insurance costs.</li>
<li>Hungry all the time? Snacks, daily fresh fruit as well as drinks provided at the office.</li>
<li>You are moving from another country or city to join us? We may support your relocation.</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><p><a href="https://www.raisin.com/corporate/raisin-applicant-privacy-policy/"><em>Raisin Applicant Privacy Policy</em></a></p>
<p data-start="728" data-end="900">We value diversity and the unique experiences each individual brings. If you’re excited about this role but don’t meet every requirement, we still encourage you to apply.</p>
<p data-start="907" data-end="1013">We are an equal opportunity employer and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for everyone, regardless of race, colour, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, or gender identity.</p></div>