<div class="content-intro"><p><strong>About Mixpanel</strong></p>
<p>Mixpanel turns data clarity into innovation. Trusted by more than 29,000 companies, including Workday, Pinterest, LG, and Rakuten Viber, Mixpanel’s AI-first digital analytics help teams accelerate adoption, improve retention, and ship with confidence. Powering this is an industry-leading platform that combines product and web analytics, session replay, experimentation, feature flags, and metric trees. Mixpanel delivers insights that customers trust. Visit <a href="mixpanel.com" target="\_blank">mixpanel.com</a> to learn more.</p></div><p><strong>About the Account Management Team</strong></p>
<p>The Account Management team covers roughly 25% of Mixpanel's global ARR, across our customer base in EMEA. The team is focused on retaining and growing this book of business, through ensuring a smooth onboarding process, understanding how our customers get the most value out of Mixpanel's capabilities, driving adoption, and uncovering growth opportunities.</p>
<p>The AM team has developed a strong community of practice in collaboration with the Customer Success team EMEA and globally.&nbsp; The team works on individual targets but also values and cultivates a team culture where sharing knowledge and supporting others is a critical part of individual success</p>
<p><strong>About the Role</strong></p>
<p>As an Account Manager, you will partner closely with Mixpanel's customers&nbsp;<strong>across DACH</strong>, ultimately driving long-term customer success and increased revenue under your management. Mixpanel Account Managers have a strong understanding of our product's capabilities and are able to continuously uncover areas of value for our customers.</p>
<p><strong>Responsibilities</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Owns and maintains the relationship with director and executive-level economic buyers at their accounts by connecting their objectives with the value that Mixpanel provides to their teams</li>
<li>Builds and maintains a long-term account plan and strategy focused on product adoption, driving business value, and discovering growth opportunities across a book of 40-75 accounts with a value between $2M-$3M</li>
<li>Maintains accurate Salesforce records related to Renewal, Upsell, and Churn opportunities, and delivers accurate weekly forecasts related to revenue targets</li>
<li>Acts as a data and analytics thought leader and partner to their accounts through use cases and business impact</li>
<li>Host analytics workshops, brainstorms, and product trainings to ensure end users adopt and use Mixpanel</li>
<li>Takes ownership of a customer's account health and pulls all levers to increase health - from helping coach a customer through implementation to addressing adoption challenges through training to supporting their analytics strategy.</li>
<li>Keep customers informed of new product releases, relevant betas, and upcoming features</li>
<li>Collect and consolidate customer product feedback and champion the needs of your portfolio with Mixpanel’s Engineering and Product organizations</li>
<li>Collaborate cross-functionally with key partners such as, Customer Success, Sales Engineering, Professional Services, Product, Marketing, and Legal.</li>
<li>Intimately understands Mixpanel's competitors and technology partners to consult customers on our place in the broader analytics market.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>We're Looking For Someone Who Has</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>3+ years of related work experience and emerging knowledge in full cycle SaaS post sales customer management experience, as an Account Manager or related cross-functional role like Customer Success Manager.</li>
<li>Experience managing a book of business in the $1M-$2.5M range.</li>
<li>Able to build and maintain credibility with a technical end-user in Engineering, Product, and Design functions, by showcasing Product and Industry knowledge and expertise.</li>
<li>Effective communicator and collaborator — you have strong interpersonal skills and are an excellent team player.</li>
<li>Adaptability — you understand that change is constant, and you embrace it.</li>
<li>Agility and resilience — you move quickly and encourage continued improvement.</li>
<li>Strong work ethic, desire to learn, and a drive to excel.</li>
<li>Curiosity for the product analytics space.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Bonus Points For</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Fluency in multiple languages, German preferred</li>
<li>Experience managing relationships with high growth tech companies.</li>
<li>Experience with Mixpanel or other analytics tools.</li>
<li>Experience in a technical customer-facing role (Support Engineer / Customer Success Manager / Sales Engineer / Solutions Architect).</li>
</ul>
<p>#LI-Hybrid</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>Benefits and Perks</strong><strong><br></strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Comprehensive Medical, Vision, and Dental Care</li>
<li>Mental Wellness Benefit</li>
<li>Generous Vacation Policy &amp; Additional Company Holidays</li>
<li>Enhanced Parental Leave</li>
<li>Volunteer Time Off</li>
<li>Additional US Benefits: Pre-Tax Benefits including 401(K), Wellness Benefit, Holiday Break</li>
</ul>
<p><em>\*please note that benefits and perks for contract positions will vary\*</em></p>
<p><strong>Culture Values</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><strong>Make Bold Bets:</strong> We choose courageous action over comfortable progress.</li>
<li><strong>Innovate with Insight:</strong> We tackle decisions with rigor and judgment - combining data, experience and collective wisdom to drive&nbsp;powerful outcomes.</li>
<li><strong>One Team:</strong> We collaborate across boundaries to achieve far greater impact than any of us could accomplish alone.</li>
<li><strong>Candor with Connection:</strong> We build meaningful relationships that enable honest feedback and direct conversations.</li>
<li><strong>Champion the Customer:</strong> We seek to deeply understand our customers’ needs, ensuring their success is our north star.</li>
<li><strong>Powerful Simplicity:</strong> We find elegant solutions to complex problems, making sophisticated things accessible.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Why choose Mixpanel?</strong></p>
<p>We’re a leader in analytics with over 9,000 customers and $277M raised from prominent investors: like Andreessen-Horowitz, Sequoia, YC, and, most recently, Bain Capital. Mixpanel’s pioneering event-based data analytics platform offers a powerful yet simple solution for companies to understand user behaviors and easily track overarching company success metrics. Our accomplished teams continuously facilitate our expansion by tackling the ever-evolving challenges tied to scaling, reliability, design, and service. Choosing to work at Mixpanel means you’ll be helping the world’s most innovative companies learn from their data so they can make better decisions.</p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Mixpanel is an equal opportunity employer supporting workforce diversity. At Mixpanel, we are focused on things that really matter—our people, our customers, our partners—out of a recognition that those relationships are the most valuable assets we have. We actively encourage women, people with disabilities, veterans, underrepresented minorities, and LGBTQ+ people to apply. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance or other similar laws that may be applicable, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records. We’ve immersed ourselves in our Culture and Values as our guiding principles for the impact we want to have and the future we are building.</span></p></div>