Founded in 2008 as a startup, Tesonet has rapidly grown into one of the largest venture builders and investors in the Baltic States. Join the crew that supports, funds, builds, and accelerates businesses worldwide.

**Your impact?** Bringing meaningful tech for industry disruption on a global scale.

We did pretty Tesotastic things over the years, and now we're looking for a Senior Event

Manager to grow the Tesonetbrand by creating standout event experiences. Bring your

curiosity, love of tech, and engaging presence—we’ll provide clear briefs, creative freedom,

realistic deadlines, and growth opportunities. Best of all, you’ll work alongside industry experts

to turn cutting-edge trends into high-impact events

## Main Responsibilities

- **Full-Cycle Event Management.** Plan, coordinate, and run virtual, live, or hybrid events (internal & external), from venue sourcing and logistics to schedules, communications, and day-of coordination. Lead flagship events like bi-annual Workation and Summer Fest for 3,800+ employees;
- **Financial & Budgetary Oversight.** Manage budgets with full accountability, ensuring precise forecasting, cost-efficiency, and alignment with company financial goals;
- **Content & Concept Development.** Develop event concepts, themes, and creative ideas to ensure a unique and memorable experience for local and international attendees (in collaboration with external agencies if needed);
- **Audience Engagement.** Actively engage and seek feedback from your audience to continuously improve by utilizing a strategic mix of quantitative and qualitative insights for future events;
- **Speaker Acquisition.** Identify and invite high-profile speakers, ensuring alignment with event objectives;
- **On-site Coordination**: Attend events and act as the key person to ensure success;
- **Collaboration**: Develop and maintain positive working relationships with other Tesonet products and various outside organizations to ensure all event deliverables are met;
- **Continuous Improvement:** Stay up-to-date with industry trends, best practices, and emerging technologies in event management.

## Core Requirements

- 5+ years of experience in managing and coordinating live and hybrid events. International event management skills would be a bonus;
- Strong project management skills - you can easily manage your time and priorities to meet deadlines and execute event projects from A to Z;
- Ability to work in a fast-paced environment;
- Exceptional attention to detail with a focus on delivering high-quality, impactful events;
- Superb communication - both verbally and in writing;
- Creativity in crafting solutions that maximize quality and quantity while minimizing costs;
- Fluency in both English and Lithuanian;
- Working location in Vilnius, Lithuania;
- Problem-solving, critical thinking abilities, and a detail-oriented mindset;
- Taking ownership and initiative is what you’re best at.

## Salary Range

- Gross: 2730-3640 EUR/Month.