<div class="content-intro"><div>
<p>We’re a fast-growing tech scale-up with $36M in funding, revolutionizing the modern internet with cutting-edge solutions that drive mass-adoption.&nbsp;We already work with major brands such as Uber, Amazon, North Face, Temu, Lego, BMW, North Face and 100’s more. Our secret? Removing all blockchain and crypto complexities that are barriers to creating user-friendly applications solving real-world use-cases. Our investors include Multicoin, Circle Ventures, Animoca, Valor, Alliance DAO, and more. With a community of over 1M followers across all socials and a CEO who has been featured on the NYSE and NASDAQ, we believe we are only at the beginning of making XION a global brand.</p>
</div>
<div>-- -- -- -- -- -- -- --</div></div><p><strong>Salary:</strong></p>
<p>Highly competitive - base + tokens</p>
<p><strong>Overview:</strong></p>
<p>This is an opportunity to own and shape the end-to-end design and brand vision for a high-growth tech company that values creativity and originality above all else. A key challenge is how design thinking can bridge the gap between Web3 and Web2 conventions in a bold and dynamic way - to onboard new audiences yet retain the scale up and disruptive DNA of the blockchain industry. You'll work alongside an experienced and award-winning blockchain CMO and former CD of an international marketing group.</p>
<p><strong>The Challenge:</strong></p>
<p>We’re seeking a visionary Head of Design to lead our creative, brand and design output, to redefine our brand’s global presence across social, video, events and viral channels.&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>Define and evolve our brand’s visual identity, ensuring consistency and innovation across digital, marketing, and product platforms.</li>
<li>Lead the creation and implementation of<strong> </strong>design systems to streamline workflows and maintain brand coherence.</li>
<li>Be proficient across a suite of design, web, animation and video tools e.g. CS, AE, Blender, Houidini, Figma, Wordpress / Webflow, Final Cut etc.</li>
<li>Harness<strong> </strong>AI tools like MidJourney and Veo3 to push creative boundaries and accelerate design processes.</li>
<li>Collaborate with product, marketing, and engineering teams to deliver compelling, user-centric experiences.</li>
<li>Manage internal and freelance designers, and external agencies, fostering a culture of creativity and accountability.</li>
<li>Drive high-impact campaigns that blend storytelling with executional excellence.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Is this you?</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>A Head of Design or Lead Designer with a proven track record in creativity and execution at a senior level.</li>
<li>5-7 years min experience - agency or in-house.</li>
<li>Expertise across branding, events, social media, advertising, viral, video, motion graphics.</li>
<li>Enjoys creating design systems that are scalable and consistent.</li>
<li>Proficient with a suite of design, web, animation and video tools including AI design tools (e.g., Midjourney, Veo3).</li>
<li>Comfortable leading cross-functional teams and managing external partners.</li>
<li>Skilled at translating complex ideas into visually compelling narratives.</li>
<li>Thrives in tech, Web3 or high-growth startup environments.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Why Join Us?</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Shape a brand from the ground up in a dynamic, innovative environment.</li>
<li>Work with a team passionate about pushing creative boundaries.</li>
<li>Competitive compensation, token packages for all employees, and unlimited PTO.</li>
<li>Be a core member and key player in a young $36M-funded tech scale-up with massive growth potential.</li>
</ul>