<p>We’re looking for a hardworking, driven Partner Sales Leader with superb energy, passion and initiative to drive partner awareness and channel new business for the fastest growing database on the planet, MongoDB. The Partner Sales team focuses exclusively on formulating and executing a pipeline generation strategy through Partners within assigned territories, resulting in aggressive pipeline growth and new customer acquisition.</p>
<p>With a people-first culture, managing and leading our Sales team is top of mind. MongoDB is always changing and innovating — not only in our technology, but also in our sales go-to-market strategy. Our sales leadership is committed to building the best salesforce in technology. This means, inspiring and enabling success for everyone on the team. We not only equip you to be successful, but we want your feedback and input on how we can continue to “Think Big and Go Far.” As a crucial part of the Sales team at MongoDB, you will have access to a lucrative market and learn how to sell from some of the most successful sales leaders in the software industry.</p>
<p>We are looking to speak to candidates who are based in Bengaluru/Gurugram/Mumbai for our hybrid working model.</p>
<h3>Responsibilities</h3>
<ul>
<li>Build Partnership Vision and forward looking Business plans with CSPs</li>
<li>Develop and nurture executive relationships with relevant CSPs execs</li>
<li>Proactively prospect, identify, qualify and develop a sales pipeline through our Cloud Solution Partners (AWS, Microsoft, Google)</li>
<li>Understand GTM priorities of CSPs and build a cohesive GTM plan for MongoDB</li>
<li>Build mechanisms for sustainable demand generation through programmatic engagement with key stakeholders at CSPs</li>
<li>Engage with Sales teams at CSPs and MongoDB for account mapping and accelerating deal closures&nbsp;</li>
<li>Drive MongoDB awareness and enablement with sales and tech teams at CSPs&nbsp;</li>
<li>Build technical champions for MongoDB at the CSPs</li>
<li>Participate in our sales enablement trainings, including our comprehensive Sales Bootcamp, sophisticated sales training, and leadership and development programs</li>
</ul>
<h3>Requirements</h3>
<ul>
<li>BA/BS required</li>
<li>10+ years field experience in a partner facing role for a&nbsp; fast-paced and competitive market with a focus on new business generation.Experience in working with the CSPs is a plus.</li>
<li>8+ years of quota-carrying experience generating pipeline and selling through Partners in a heavy sales matrix model</li>
<li>Demonstrated ability to articulate the business value of complex enterprise technology</li>
<li>A track record of overachievement and hitting assigned targets</li>
<li>Skilled in building business champions and running a complex sales process</li>
<li>Previous Sales Methodology training (e.g. MEDDIC, SPIN, Challenger Sales)</li>
<li>Familiarity with databases, devops and open source technology a plus</li>
<li>Driven and competitive: Possess a strong desire to be successful</li>
<li>Skilled in managing time and resources; sound approach to qualifying opportunities</li>
<li>Possess aptitude to learn quickly and establish credibility. High EQ and self-aware</li>
<li>Passionate about growing your career in the largest market in software (database) and developing and maintaining an in-depth understanding of MongoDB products</li>
</ul>
<h3>About MongoDB</h3>
<p>MongoDB is built for change, empowering our customers and our people to innovate at the speed of the market. We have redefined the database for the AI era, enabling innovators to create, transform, and disrupt industries with software. MongoDB’s unified database platform—the most widely available, globally distributed database on the market—helps organizations modernize legacy workloads, embrace innovation, and unleash AI. Our cloud-native platform, MongoDB Atlas, is the only globally distributed, multi-cloud database and is available across AWS, Google Cloud, and Microsoft Azure.</p>
<p>With offices worldwide and nearly 60,000 customers—including 75% of the Fortune 100 and AI-native startups—relying on MongoDB for their most important applications, we’re powering the next era of software.</p>
<p>Our compass at MongoDB is our <a href="https://www.mongodb.com/company">Leadership Commitment,</a> guiding how and why we make decisions, show up for each other, and win. It’s what makes us MongoDB.&nbsp;</p>
<p>To drive the personal growth and business impact of our employees, we’re committed to developing a supportive and enriching culture for everyone. <a href="https://www.mongodb.com/company/blog/culture/employee-benefits-that-make-a-difference-at-mongodb">From employee affinity groups, to fertility assistance and a generous parental leave policy</a>, we value our employees’ wellbeing and want to support them along every step of their professional and personal journeys.<a href="https://www.mongodb.com/blog/channel/culture"> Learn more about what it’s like to work at MongoDB</a>, and help us make an impact on the world!</p>
<p>MongoDB is committed to providing any necessary accommodations for individuals with disabilities within our application and interview process. To request an accommodation due to a disability, please inform your recruiter.</p>
<p>\*\*MongoDB is an equal opportunities employer.\*\*</p>
<table class="fields">
<tbody>
<tr>
<td>Requisition ID</td>
<td data-provides="requisition\_id">3263284471</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>
<p class="p1"><br><br></p>