Cranial Technologies is the only company in the world completely dedicated to researching and treating plagiocephaly (commonly called flat head syndrome). With over 300,000 babies successfully treated, we are the plagiocephaly experts.
Cranial Technologies also provides treatment with EarWell® to correct infant ear shapes without surgery. With over 600,000+ successful outcomes, EarWell® is a proven, non-invasive treatment option for families.
We are looking for a full-time Insurance Verification Specialist to join our customer-focused team! This position plays an integral role in the patient and family experience by expediting the insurance process while maintaining a high level of professional communication. This person will efficiently compile benefits, eligibility, criteria, and prior authorization requirements for multiple insurance companies throughout the country as it relates to the DOC Band and Earwell treatments. We're looking for someone who can thoroughly research and pinpoint the critical insurance answers our Insurance Liaison team needs to implement the insurance process for families.
Our ideal candidate is self-motivated and enjoys both collaborating with a team of passionate individuals and completing a high volume of tasks each day in a dynamic work-from-home environment. They love learning new t  
  
Please mention the word \*\*PROMISES\*\* and tag RNzkuMTU4LjE4Ni4yMzg= when applying to show you read the job post completely (#RNzkuMTU4LjE4Ni4yMzg=). This is a beta feature to avoid spam applicants. Companies can search these words to find applicants that read this and see they're human.