<h2><strong>About the opportunity:<strong>&nbsp;</strong></strong></h2>
<p>We are seeking an Engineering Manager to lead, manage and grow a group of talented engineers, working closely with product managers and various stakeholders from the business, focusing on interesting and exciting topics at N26.</p>
<p>The Customer Risk Lifecycle segment is responsible for the systems for managing anti money laundering and fraud risks. This role will be covering our Digital Identity team with mission of providing secure and frictionless authentication experience for our customers.</p>
<h2><strong>Once you are here you will:</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>
<p>Support, invest in and develop an incredible team of talented and motivated engineers with clear expectations via practices such as 1:1s, goal setting, and constant feedback.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Recruit, manage and retain the best talent for the delivery teams.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Create growth opportunities for team members and address gaps via technical or non-technical skills mentoring and performance management. Help make our people shine!</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Create a high performing and positive work environment based on transparency, accountability, and trust.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Collaborate with product managers and operations in project planning, dependency management, risk management and continuous process improvement for an optimal flow of value for customers and the business (with an appropriate use of metrics).</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Connect with management and other teams to unblock dependencies, provide visibility and transparency to team progress on product initiatives</p>
</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>What you will bring along:</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>
<p>Experience growing, coaching, mentoring and providing feedback to team members including having had difficult conversations</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Experience managing and delivering impactful projects</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Experience working on an rapidly evolving product in an agile environment</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Strong leadership, planning and communication skills&nbsp;</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Passionate about people, and improving the environment in which they work</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Interested in working with a fast-paced and quickly growing company</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Professional proficiency in written English</p>
</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Nice to have:</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>
<p>Previous experience work in a FinTech company or exposure working in an environment enabling DevOps culture&nbsp;</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>A good understanding of infrastructure, operations and engineering.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>What’s in it for you:</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>
<p>Accelerate your career growth by joining Germany’s #1 Top Startup Employer, named by LinkedIn two years running 🚀</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Personal development budget, discounted public transit pass, German language classes, fitness memberships, childcare services, N26 premium bank card, employee loans, and your choice of a Mac or Windows laptop</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>26 vacation days per year in Austria &amp; Germany, with an additional day for each year of service - up to 30 days ; and 24 vacation days in Spain (up to 28 days)</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>A high degree of collaboration and autonomy while working with a group of international peers, <a href="https://medium.com/insiden26/getting-more-stuff-done-days-at-n26-6886951da4f8" target="\_blank"><u>getting things done attitude</u></a>, and access to cutting edge technologies&nbsp;</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Rotating selection of hot and cold drinks and snacks in the office, Friday Celebrations once per month with pizza, wine, and beer, plus a monthly company-wide lunch and learn</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>A relocation package with visa support for those who need it</p>
</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Who we are</strong></h2>
<p>N26 has reimagined banking for today's digital world. Technology and design empower everything we do and it's how we are building the global banking platform the world loves to use. We've eliminated physical branches, paperwork, and hidden fees for an elegant digital experience and supreme savings.</p>
<p>We are headquartered in Berlin with offices in multiple cities across Europe, including Vienna and Barcelona, and a 1,500-strong team of more than 80 nationalities.</p>
<p><strong>Sounds good? Apply now for this position.</strong></p>
<h3><strong>Equal Opportunities</strong></h3>
<p>We recognize that our strength lies in our people and the varied perspectives they bring to our workforce. We strive to build talented and diverse teams to drive our business success and empower our people to reach their full potential. We genuinely welcome and encourage applications from people of all backgrounds, cultures, genders, sexual orientations, abilities, neurodiversities, and ages.</p>
<p>If there's anything you need to make the application process work for you, please let us know by reaching out to <strong>candidate.exp@n26.com.</strong></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>