<p>We are Datadog's in-house product experts. The technical solutions team enables Datadog's worldwide growth by educating potential clients and ensuring that existing customers are happy and successful. We share our technical and product expertise with customers through demos, presentations, technical evaluations, and ongoing support. Technical solutions is a growing global team that collaborates constantly to share knowledge and continuously advance our technical skillset.</p>
<p>The Logs family of products represents a strategic evolution in how organizations manage and analyze logs at scale while meeting stringent data residency, compliance, and cost requirements. The Product Solutions Architect (PSA) will work closely with Datadog customers, Logs Product team, and the CloudPrem product team to architect, implement best practices, and drive adoption of the log management suite.</p>
<p><em>At Datadog, we place value in our office culture - the relationships and collaboration it builds and the creativity it brings to the table. We operate as a hybrid workplace to ensure our Datadogs can create a work-life harmony that best fits them.</em></p>
<p><strong>What You’ll Do:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Serve as the Product Expert on Logs, CloudPrem, and Observability Pipelines</li>
<li>Offer guidance on architecture choices, data collection, and best practices to large Enterprise customers as they adopt these Datadog services across the organization at scale</li>
<li>Design and validate <strong>hands-on, production-ready architectures</strong> spanning cloud infrastructure, Kubernetes platforms, and customer-managed environments</li>
<li>Actively <strong>identify opportunities to simplify, optimize, and standardize deployment patterns</strong>, reducing operational complexity for customers through architectural guidance and best practices.</li>
<li>Be a Trusted Advisor to Product Management by providing high quality feedback based on your field experience working closely with our Support, Partners, and Customers</li>
<li>Capture repeat customer use cases and solutions and in turn publish Reference Architectures, automation patterns, and Implementation Guides for Datadog prospect and customer consumption</li>
<li>Build world class training material, solutions briefs, blogs, and documentation to the wider Datadog field technical teams over the latest product features and capabilities</li>
<li>Collaborate with other teams at Datadog including Marketing, Sales, Community, Documentation, and Evangelism to ensure the success of the Log Management product family</li>
<li>Exercise the products you represent by building hands-on proof of concepts, small scale deployments&nbsp; to validate solutions and reproduce customer environments</li>
<li>Engage deeply with customers, feeling their operational pain points and driving solutions that measurably improve reliability, scalability, and day-to-day operations</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Who You Are:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Someone with strong hands-on experience with tools such as Kubernetes, including cluster architecture, networking, storage, and operational best practices.</li>
<li>Someone with strong knowledge of cloud infrastructure fundamentals, including networking, compute, storage, and distributed system design.</li>
<li>Someone familiar with Security, Governance, and Compliance requirements for industry verticals</li>
<li>Someone who can dive deep into our Codebase, SDKs, and GitHub workflows to understand, debug, and influence product behavior</li>
<li>Experience with languages like Python and/or Rust, and file formats such as JSON and YAML</li>
<li>A self-starter, tech-savvy professional, who is comfortable working with bleeding edge technology and processes, even if it hasn’t been well defined</li>
<li>A deep learner and a Subject Matter Expert today that has built advocacy and knowledge across multiple teams with the knowledge you possess&nbsp;</li>
<li>Fluent in understanding the observability market domain, competition, technological shifts, and customer needs</li>
<li>Someone who values <strong>getting things done</strong>, taking ownership from problem definition through implementation and outcome</li>
<li>Highly detail-oriented, especially when working on architectures, documentation, and customer-facing solutions</li>
<li>A person who possesses exceptional listening and consultative skills, for both internal and external audiences</li>
<li>Experienced working with customers in high pressure situations where the solution is sometimes not obvious - caring about customer pain and motivated to solve hard problems on their behalf</li>
<li>Able to sit up to 4 hours, traveling to and from client sites&nbsp;</li>
<li>Able to travel via auto, train, or air up to 40% of the time&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Bonus Points:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Successful track record with 5+ years experience working as an Architect or Consultant&nbsp;</li>
<li>Experience using Datadog and/or other observability tools in an SRE or DevOps capacity</li>
<li>Have recent experience deploying solutions in production environments at scale</li>
<li>Strong knowledge or experience with Splunk, Elastic, Opensearch, SumoLogic, Vector, Cribl, Quickwit</li>
</ul>
<p><em>Datadog values people from all walks of life. We understand not everyone will meet all the above qualifications on day one. That's okay. If you’re passionate about technology and want to grow your skills, we encourage you to apply.</em></p>
<p>Benefits and Growth:</p>
<ul>
<li>Best-in-breed onboarding</li>
<li>Generous global benefits</li>
<li>Intra-departmental mentor and buddy program for in-house networking</li>
<li>New hire stock equity (RSUs) and employee stock purchase plan (ESPP)</li>
<li>Continuous professional development, product training, and career pathing</li>
<li>An inclusive company culture, able to join our Community Guilds and Inclusion Talks</li>
</ul>
<p><em>Benefits and Growth listed above may vary based on the country of your employment and the nature of your employment with Datadog.</em></p><div class="content-conclusion"><hr>
<p><strong>About Datadog:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>Datadog (NASDAQ: DDOG) is a global SaaS business, delivering a rare combination of growth and profitability. We are on a mission to break down silos and solve complexity in the cloud age by enabling digital transformation, cloud migration, and infrastructure monitoring of our customers’ entire technology stacks. Built by engineers, for engineers, Datadog is used by organizations of all sizes across a wide range of industries. Together, we champion professional development, diversity of thought, innovation, and work excellence to empower continuous growth. Join the pack and become part of a collaborative, pragmatic, and thoughtful people-first community where we solve tough problems, take smart risks, and celebrate one another. Learn more about #DatadogLife on <a href="https://www.instagram.com/datadoghq/?hl=en" target="\_blank">Instagram</a>, <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/company/datadog" target="\_blank">LinkedIn,</a> and <a href="https://learn.datadoghq.com/" target="\_blank">Datadog Learning Center. </a></p>
<hr>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="215"><strong data-renderer-mark="true">Equal Opportunity at Datadog:</strong></p>
<p>Datadog is proud to offer <a href="https://www.eeoc.gov/sites/default/files/2023-06/22-088\_EEOC\_KnowYourRights6.12ScreenRdr.pdf" target="\_blank">equal employment opportunity</a> to everyone regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity, veteran status, and other characteristics protected by law. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. Here are our <a href="https://www.datadoghq.com/legal/candidate-legal-notices/" target="\_blank">Candidate Legal Notices</a> for your reference.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Datadog endeavors to make our Careers Page accessible to all users. If you would like to contact us regarding the accessibility of our website or need assistance completing the application process, please complete <a href="https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSeoJeduEZ2NdZF\_65uZmWUrCM-zee7yADXX1s6Xr9zAGq8iKA/viewform" target="\_blank">this form</a>. This form is for accommodation requests only and cannot be used to inquire about the status of applications.&nbsp;</p>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="662"><strong data-renderer-mark="true">Privacy and AI Guidelines:</strong></p>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="662">Any information you submit to Datadog as part of your application will be processed in accordance with Datadog’s&nbsp;<a class="c-link" href="https://www.datadoghq.com/legal/applicant-candidate-privacy/" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://www.datadoghq.com/legal/applicant-candidate-privacy/" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">Applicant and Candidate Privacy Notice</a>. For information on our AI policy, please visit <a href="https://www.datadoghq.com/legal/interviewing-at-datadog-ai-guidelines/" target="\_blank">Interviewing at Datadog AI Guidelines</a>.</p></div>