<div class="content-intro"><div>
<div>
<div class="gmail\_quote">
<div>
<div><span id="m\_1770241969069985273m\_-2746164444908759431gmail-docs-internal-guid-131e4fb0-7fff-b4e9-ff50-e8cf32449b1b">CoreWeave is The Essential Cloud for AI™. Built for pioneers by pioneers, CoreWeave delivers a platform of technology, tools, and teams that enables innovators to build and scale AI with confidence. Trusted by leading AI labs, startups, and global enterprises, CoreWeave combines superior infrastructure performance with deep technical expertise to accelerate breakthroughs and turn compute into capability. Founded in 2017, CoreWeave became a publicly traded company (Nasdaq: CRWV) in March 2025. Learn more at&nbsp;<a href="http://www.coreweave.com/" target="\_blank" data-saferedirecturl="https://www.google.com/url?q=http://www.coreweave.com&amp;source=gmail&amp;ust=1762613132717000&amp;usg=AOvVaw3D-UOhNaqEvF5BEWxjYyAU">www.coreweave.com</a>.</span></div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div></div><h2><strong>Please note that this is a 24/7/365 team. Your shift will be 9AM - 6PM SGT.</strong></h2>
<h3><span style="text-decoration: underline;"><strong>What You’ll Do:</strong></span></h3>
<p>The <strong>Customer Experience (CX) Organization</strong> at CoreWeave is dedicated to ensuring every client running AI workloads at scale has a seamless, reliable, and high-performance experience. This team supports the infrastructure that powers the AI revolution—working across data centers, hardware systems, and customer workloads to maintain the integrity of our cloud platform. The CX organization aligns closely with the internal and customer engineering teams, offering valuable insights from the field and having the chance to contribute to the CoreWeave product roadmap and development.&nbsp;</p>
<h3><span style="text-decoration: underline;"><strong>About the Role:</strong></span></h3>
<p>As a <strong>Senior Cloud Support Engineer </strong>at CoreWeave, you'll be on the front lines of a technological revolution, empowering our customers to harness the full potential of our advanced Kubernetes-powered HPC cloud infrastructure. You'll be hands-on, collaborating with engineers and researchers to resolve issues that impact high-profile, mission-critical applications and cutting-edge AI training workloads. Your contributions will be pivotal in ensuring seamless performance, reliability, and success for our customers, positioning you at the very core of transformative technologies reshaping industries worldwide at a company that is truly one of a Kind.</p>
<h3><span style="text-decoration: underline;"><strong>In this role, you will:</strong></span></h3>
<ul>
<li>Guide and mentor team members in developing their technical skills and troubleshooting capabilities across all disciplines supported by CoreWeave.</li>
<li>Provide real-time feedback and coaching, reviewing tickets to identify opportunities for improvement and ensure quality assurance (QA).</li>
<li>Develop and deliver training sessions to improve the team’s proficiency and efficiency in resolving customer issues.</li>
<li>Use technical expertise to investigate, debug, and resolve customer-impacting issues with the curiosity required to uncover and understand root causes.</li>
<li>Maintain high customer satisfaction through swift, accurate, and empathetic high-touch support communications, as well as established best practices.</li>
<li>Help design and implement troubleshooting best practices to ensure fast, accurate client resolutions.</li>
<li>Contribute to refining processes, workflows, and playbooks for handling complex customer challenges.</li>
<li>Serve as a technical escalation point for high-priority escalations or complex cases, modeling effective problem-solving approaches.</li>
<li>Lead the creation of knowledge-sharing resources, including documentation, tutorials, and how-to guides.</li>
<li>Enhance the support team’s knowledge of CoreWeave’s products and services through continuous learning initiatives.</li>
<li>Includes consistent shift work with participation in on-call rotations. Occasional after-hours and holiday coverage required.</li>
</ul>
<h3><span style="text-decoration: underline;"><strong>Who You Are:</strong></span></h3>
<ul>
<li>Have a Bachelor’s degree in Information Science / Information Technology, Data Science, Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics, Physics, or a related field, OR equivalent experience in a technical position</li>
<li>At least 5+ years of experience in cloud support, systems administration, or related technical support-focused roles</li>
<li>Proven hands-on work experience with Kubernetes</li>
<li>Experience with networking, load balancing, storage volumes, observability, node management, High-Performance Computing (HPC), and Linux system administration</li>
<li>Proven ability to mentor team members, foster technical growth, and improve team-wide capabilities through guidance and feedback</li>
<li>Experience with observability tools such as Grafana</li>
<li>Strong troubleshooting skills, with experience resolving complex customer issues and driving quality assurance through ticket reviews or similar processes</li>
<li>Demonstrated success collaborating with cross-functional teams to refine workflows, implement best practices, and advocate for necessary tools or process changes</li>
<li>Excellent written and verbal communication skills, with a track record of simplifying complex concepts for diverse audiences</li>
<li>Strong technical presentation skills, with experience delivering precise, engaging, and informative presentations to technical and non-technical audiences, effectively showcasing complex concepts and solutions</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Preferred:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>CKA Certified&nbsp;</li>
<li>Demonstrated experience with training, coaching, and creating onboarding materials.</li>
<li>Operates in a fast-paced, global, 24/7 support team environment</li>
<li>Ability to collaborate across different time zones</li>
<li>On-site office environment, hybrid, or remote options depending on location</li>
<li style="font-weight: bold;"><strong>Flexible to travel up to 10% (~25 days/year)</strong></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Wondering if you’re a good fit? </strong><strong>We believe in investing in our people, and value candidates who can bring their own diversified experiences to our teams – even if you aren't a 100% skill or experience match.</strong><strong> Here are a few qualities we’ve found compatible with our team. If some of this describes you, we’d love to talk.&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>You love to dive into problems, test for solutions, and enjoy engaging with customers.</li>
<li>You’re curious about AI.</li>
<li>You’re an expert in providing outstanding technical support and have strong competencies in Kubernetes and Linux.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>The base salary range for this role is $100,000 to $160,000 SGD.</strong> The starting salary will be determined based on job-related knowledge, skills, experience, and market location. We strive for both market alignment and internal equity when determining compensation. In addition to base salary, our total rewards package includes a discretionary bonus, equity awards, and a comprehensive benefits program (all based on eligibility).&nbsp;<br><br>#LI-DNI</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>What We Offer</strong></p>
<p>The range we’ve posted represents the typical compensation range for this role. To determine actual compensation, we review the market rate for each candidate which can include a variety of factors. These include qualifications, experience, interview performance, and location.</p>
<p>In addition to a competitive salary, we offer a variety of benefits to support your needs, including:</p>
<ul>
<li>Medical, dental, and vision insurance - 100% paid for by CoreWeave</li>
<li>Company-paid Life Insurance&nbsp;</li>
<li>Voluntary supplemental life insurance&nbsp;</li>
<li>Short and long-term disability insurance&nbsp;</li>
<li>Flexible Spending Account</li>
<li>Health Savings Account</li>
<li>Tuition Reimbursement&nbsp;</li>
<li>Ability to Participate in Employee Stock Purchase Program (ESPP)</li>
<li>Mental Wellness Benefits through Spring Health&nbsp;</li>
<li>Family-Forming support provided by Carrot</li>
<li>Paid Parental Leave&nbsp;</li>
<li>Flexible, full-service childcare support with Kinside</li>
<li>401(k) with a generous employer match</li>
<li>Flexible PTO</li>
<li>Catered lunch each day in our office and data center locations</li>
<li>A casual work environment</li>
<li>A work culture focused on innovative disruption</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Our Workplace</strong></p>
<p>While we prioritize a hybrid work environment, remote work may be considered for candidates located more than 30 miles from an office, based on role requirements for specialized skill sets. New hires will be invited to attend onboarding at one of our hubs within their first month. Teams also gather quarterly to support collaboration.</p>
<p><a href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1gPBRBhUNAMBmj7Yn4\_M-hCugm7ZJD4hr/view?usp=sharing" target="\_blank">California Consumer Privacy Act </a>- California applicants only</p>
<p><em>CoreWeave is an equal opportunity employer, committed to fostering an inclusive and supportive workplace. All qualified applicants and candidates will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, disability, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, veteran status, or genetic information.</em></p>
<p><em>As part of this commitment and consistent with the </em><a href="https://www.eeoc.gov/laws/guidance/fact-sheet-disability-discrimination" target="\_blank"><em>Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA)</em></a><em>, CoreWeave will ensure that qualified applicants and candidates with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodations for the hiring process, unless such accommodation would cause an undue hardship. If reasonable accommodation is needed, please contact: <a href="mailto:careers@coreweave.com">careers@coreweave.com</a>.</em></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Export Control Compliance</strong></p>
<p>This position requires access to export controlled information. &nbsp;To conform to U.S. Government export regulations applicable to that information, applicant must either be (A) a U.S. person, defined as a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful permanent resident (green card holder), (iii) refugee under 8 U.S.C. § 1157, or (iv) asylee under 8 U.S.C. § 1158, (B) eligible to access the export controlled information without a required export authorization, or (C) eligible and reasonably likely to obtain the required export authorization from the applicable U.S. government agency. &nbsp;CoreWeave may, for legitimate business reasons, decline to pursue any export licensing process.</p></div>