<div class="content-intro"><p><strong data-stringify-type="bold">Why work at Nebius<br></strong>Nebius is leading a new era in cloud computing to serve the global AI economy. We create the tools and resources our customers need to solve real-world challenges and transform industries, without massive infrastructure costs or the need to build large in-house AI/ML teams. Our employees work at the cutting edge of AI cloud infrastructure alongside some of the most experienced and innovative leaders and engineers in the field.</p>
<p><strong>Where we work<br></strong>Headquartered in Amsterdam and listed on Nasdaq, Nebius has a global footprint with R&amp;D hubs across Europe, North America, and Israel. The team of over 1400 employees includes more than 400 highly skilled engineers with deep expertise across hardware and software engineering, as well as an in-house AI R&amp;D team.</p></div><div>
<h3><strong><span data-contrast="auto">The role</span></strong></h3>
<p>Nebius is looking for a Site Reliability Engineer in Hardware Infrastructure team. You’re welcome to work in our office in Amsterdam.</p>
<p>Hardware Infrastructure team designs, develops and supports systems involved in the data-centers lifecycle:</p>
<ul>
<li>Serving functional and load testing system.</li>
<li>Monitoring of engineering equipment located in our data centers (power supply, air and water cooling, etc.)</li>
<li>Monitoring of IT equipment: racks, servers, JBODs, JBOGs, power shelves, network devices, etc.</li>
<li>Asset tracking.</li>
<li>Hardware repairs tasks tracking.</li>
<li>Server production.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>In this position, your responsibility will be to</strong>:</p>
<ul>
<li>Ensure fault-tolerance, scale and uninterrupted operations for our services.</li>
<li>Use cutting-edge technology to solve a variety of infrastructure problems.</li>
<li>Implement and improve CI/CD processes.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>We expect you to have</strong>:&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>Proficiency in Linux systems, with expertise in Python and Bash scripting for automation.</li>
<li>Demonstrated ability to troubleshoot complex system issues, including hardware, software and networking problems.</li>
<li>Strong analytical and problem-solving skills, with a focus on optimizing system performance.</li>
<li>Working proficiency in English.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>It would be an added bonus if you had</strong>:</p>
<ul>
<li>Desire to be involved in backend development.</li>
<li>Experience designing, developing and running high-load distributed systems.</li>
</ul>
</div><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>What we offer</strong>&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>Competitive salary and comprehensive benefits package.</li>
<li>Opportunities for professional growth within Nebius.</li>
<li>Flexible working arrangements.</li>
<li>A dynamic and collaborative work environment that values initiative and innovation.</li>
</ul>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">We’re growing and expanding our products every day. If you’re up to the challenge and are excited about AI and ML as much as we are, join us!</span></p></div>