<p><strong>This is Adyen</strong></p>
<p>Adyen provides payments, data, and financial products in a single solution for customers like Meta, Uber, H&amp;M, and Microsoft - making us the financial technology platform of choice. At Adyen, everything we do is engineered for ambition.&nbsp;</p>
<p>For our teams, we create an environment with opportunities for our people to succeed, backed by the culture and support to ensure they are enabled to truly own their careers. We are motivated individuals who tackle unique technical challenges at scale and solve them as a team. Together, we deliver innovative and ethical solutions that help businesses achieve their ambitions faster.</p>
<p><strong>Data Center Engineer</strong></p>
<p>We’re looking for an experienced and independent Data Center Engineer to join our team in Amsterdam and support Adyen’s growing datacenter footprint around the globe.</p>
<p>In this role, you'll drive the end-to-end asset and lifecycle management of data center assets, maintain precise DCIM documentation to provide a "single source of truth" for our global teams. You’ll work closely with global teams mainly based in Amsterdam and local third-party vendors, supporting both day-to-day operations and long-term infrastructure growth. You have a global mindset and the ability to travel internationally for several weeks per year to conduct site audits, oversee large-scale deployments, and align lifecycle standards across our global footprint</p>
<p><strong>What You’ll Do</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Global Project Leadership- Lead the end-to-end rollout of new data centers and large-scale expansion projects, including the coordination and deployment of High-Performance Computing (HPC) clusters across global sites.</li>
<li>Infrastructure Design &amp; Engineering- Collaborate with partners to oversee the design and installation of critical infrastructure and advanced thermal management.</li>
<li>End-to-End Hardware Lifecycle- Manage the full equipment journey from initial Purchase Order (PO) through delivery, installation, and eventual decommissioning/End-of-Life (EoL) processing.</li>
<li>Supply Chain &amp; Logistics Coordination- Partner with Procurement to track orders, manage inventory, and synchronize on-site logistics with local DC-ops teams or remote hands.</li>
<li>Data Integrity &amp; DCIM Management- Serve as the guardian of the "Source of Truth" by ensuring all physical changes, assets, and project updates are 100% accurately reflected in the DCIM software.</li>
<li>Cross-Functional Transition- Act as the bridge between installation and production by communicating with Platform and Network teams to ensure systems are successfully handed over and integrated.</li>
<li>Maintenance &amp; Technical Oversight- Plan and oversee engineering work-streams, including coordinating repairs, replacements, and maintenance executed by third parties.</li>
<li>Vendor &amp; Stakeholder Management- Serve as the primary point of contact for DC vendors and internal stakeholders to resolve issues, facilitate audits, and support year-over-year platform growth.</li>
<li>Hands-on Field Operations- Maintain a "boots on the ground" approach by performing direct data center hardware work and traveling globally to provide on-site project oversight.</li>
<li>Operational Strategy- Align data center capacity and infrastructure capabilities with long-term platform requirements to ensure seamless scaling and efficiency<br><br></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Who You Are</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Experienced in data center engineering as well as operations</li>
<li>Proven experience in the design and delivery of data center infrastructure</li>
<li>Hands-on experience managing modern environments.</li>
<li>Strong project management capabilities, with the ability to handle multiple complex initiatives simultaneously</li>
<li>Exceptional attention to detail and organizational skills with a strong sense of ownership and follow-through</li>
<li>Strong communication and collaboration skills to work across technical and vendor teams across regions and timezones</li>
<li>Experienced in DCIM and asset management on a large scale<br><br></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Our Diversity, Equity and Inclusion commitments</strong></p>
<p>Our unique approach is a product of our diverse perspectives. This diversity of backgrounds and cultures is essential in helping us maintain our momentum. Our business and technical challenges are unique, and we need as many different voices as possible to join us in solving them - voices like yours. No matter who you are or where you’re from, we welcome you to be your true self at Adyen.</p>
<p>Studies show that women and members of underrepresented communities apply for jobs only if they meet 100% of the qualifications. Does this sound like you? If so, Adyen encourages you to reconsider and apply. We look forward to your application!</p>
<p><strong>What’s next?</strong></p>
<p>Ensuring a smooth and enjoyable candidate experience is critical for us. We aim to get back to you regarding your application within 5 business days. Our interview process tends to take about 4 weeks to complete, but may fluctuate depending on the role. Learn more about our hiring process here. Don’t be afraid to let us know if you need more flexibility.</p>
<p>This role is based out of our Amsterdam office. We are an office-first company and value in-person collaboration; we do not offer remote-only roles.</p>