<div class="content-intro"><p>At Trustpilot, we're on an incredible journey. We're a profitable, high-growth FTSE-250 company with a big vision: to become the universal symbol of trust. We run the world's largest independent consumer review platform, and while we've come a long way, there's still so much exciting work to do. Come join us at the heart of trust!</p></div><p>Trustpilot is growing fast in Italy, and we are looking for a Senior Agency Partner Manager to join our Partnerships function in Milan!</p>
<p>In this role, you will recruit new partnerships with digital/eCommerce/marketing agencies and syndication partners e.g. consultancies, and industry bodies, to further extend Trustpilot’s reach to achieve revenue goals. You will also help the Senior Director to shape Trustpilot processes and ways of working specific to your region, manage and create VAR relationships and build business cases for new opportunities.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Working closely with experienced sales team leaders, you will be a trusted advisor, developing long-term relationships and success plans for our agency partners, ensuring that the maximum value is gained from Trustpilot products.</p>
<p><strong>What you'll be doing:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Create new and nurture existing partnerships with marketing agencies, consultancies, and system integrators&nbsp;&nbsp;</li>
<li>Present and demonstrate Trustpilot’s proposition to the interested prospects.</li>
<li>Find and manage leads for Trustpilot products via your network of assigned Partners.</li>
<li>Be responsible for achieving revenue goals through the development of Trustpilot’s partners</li>
<li>Manage relationships with customers and partners to build continued business success</li>
<li>Liaise with partners to solve issues, communicate needs and create synergy</li>
<li>Manage and create select VAR relationships&nbsp;</li>
<li>Where applicable, manage Partner Managers in your region.&nbsp; You may have a number of direct reports across your region.</li>
<li>Attend events to promote Trustpilot, run regular 'Lunch and Learn' sessions and webinars to cement partner relationships and generate leads</li>
<li>Liaise with the Senior Global Strategic Partner Managers to ensure we leverage our network of integrations in the region&nbsp;</li>
<li>Work with marketing to drive programs and events to extend the relationships to new prospects</li>
<li>Input into the Partnerships enablers - partners portal, sales materials etc</li>
<li>Ensure Ways of Working between partnerships and other TP teams, particularly New Business (Commercial), are optimized&nbsp;</li>
<li>Research and build new ways for Trustpilot to make revenue through partnerships, collaborating with the broader organisation&nbsp;</li>
<li>Collaborate with other members of the partnerships team and broader Trustpilot organisation on ad hoc projects to enhance the partnerships team's ability to deliver growth to the business.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Who you are:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Extensive experience in operating, building and maintaining relationships with Agency Partners across Mid-market &amp; Enterprise.</li>
<li>Track record of consistently meeting and exceeding team and own revenue targets&nbsp;</li>
<li>Team Leadership experience</li>
<li>Strong collaborative skills with a proven track record of new business via partnerships</li>
<li>Ability to think out of the box to drive new growth opportunities through partnerships</li>
<li>Strong understanding of the e-commerce/SaaS space and ideally data syndication&nbsp;</li>
<li>Ability to effectively present and educate at all levels from account managers to agency owners/executives on Trustpilot’s ethics, consumer and business propositions as well as partnership value proposition</li>
<li>Proven ability to collaborate with marketing to deliver joint partner propositions and associated marketing programmes</li>
<li>Ability to map out processes and ways of working&nbsp;</li>
<li>Ability to build business cases</li>
<li>Fluent in both English and Italian</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>What's in it for you?<br></strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Competitive compensation package + bonus</li>
<li>22 days holiday plus 3 extra days after one year of employment</li>
<li>2 (paid) volunteering days a year to spend your time giving back to the causes that matter to you and your community</li>
<li>EUR 10 per day work meal voucher (mobile app) to contribute towards the cost of lunch</li>
<li>Rich learning and development opportunities supported through the Trustpilot Academy and Blinkist</li>
<li>Full access to Headspace, a popular mindfulness app-based service designed to promote positive mental health and access to a 24/7 Employee Assistance Plan</li>
<li>Reimbursement of internet charges (up to 30 EUR)</li>
</ul>
<h3>Still not sure?</h3>
<p>We want to be a part of creating a more diverse, equitable, and inclusive world of work for all. We’re excited to hear about your experiences along with how you will contribute to our working culture. Even if you don’t feel you meet all the requirements, we'd still really like to hear from you!</p>
<p>#LI-Hybrid #LI-KW1</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>About us</strong></p>
<p>Trustpilot began in 2007 with a simple yet powerful idea that is more relevant today than ever — to be the universal symbol of trust, bringing consumers and businesses together through reviews. Trustpilot is open, independent, and impartial — we help consumers make the right choices and businesses to build trust, grow and improve.</p>
<p>Today, we have more than 300 million reviews and 64 million monthly active users on average across the globe, with 140 billion annual Trustbox impressions, and the numbers keep growing. We have more than 1,000 employees and we’re headquartered in Copenhagen, with operations in Amsterdam, Denver, Edinburgh, Hamburg, London, Melbourne, Milan and New York.&nbsp;</p>
<p>We’re driven by connection. It’s at the heart of what we do. Our culture keeps things fresh –– it’s built on the relationships we create. We talk, we laugh, we collaborate and we respect each other. We work across borders and cultures to be the universal symbol of trust in an ever-changing world. With vibrant office locations worldwide and over 50 nationalities, we’re proud to be an equal opportunity workplace with diverse perspectives and ideas.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Our purpose to help people and businesses help each other is a tall order, but we keep it real. We’re a great bunch of humans, doing awesome stuff, without fuss or pretense. A successful Trustpilot future is driven by you –– we give you the autonomy to shape a career you can be proud of. If you’re ready to grow, let’s go.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Join us at the heart of trust.</strong></p>
<p><em>Trustpilot is committed to creating an inclusive environment where people from all backgrounds can thrive and where different viewpoints and experiences are valued and respected. Trustpilot will consider all applications for employment without regard to race, ethnicity, national origin, religious beliefs, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, neurodiversity, disability, age, parental or veteran status. Together, we are the heart of trust.</em></p>
<p><em>Trustpilot is a global company and our data practices are designed to ensure that your personally identifiable information is appropriately protected. Please note that your personal information will be transferred, accessed, and stored globally as necessary for the uses and disclosures stated in our <a href="https://corporate.trustpilot.com/legal/for-everyone/data-privacy-notice-for-candidates/dec-2024">Privacy Policy.</a><br><br><em data-stringify-type="italic">If you have a disability and would like to discuss any adjustments you might need either in submitting your application, or to the recruitment process more generally, please let us know by contacting our Talent Acquisition Team (talent.acquisition@trustpilot.com)</em><em data-stringify-type="italic">&nbsp;quoting the role you wish to apply for.<br></em></em></p></div>