<div class="content-intro"><p><strong>Who we are&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>At Twilio, we’re shaping the future of communications, all from the comfort of our homes. We deliver innovative solutions to<a class="c-link" href="https://customers.twilio.com/" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://customers.twilio.com/" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">&nbsp;hundreds of thousands of businesses&nbsp;</a>and empower millions of developers worldwide to craft personalized customer experiences.</p>
<p>Our dedication to <a class="c-link" href="https://www.twilio.com/en-us/blog/open-work" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://www.twilio.com/en-us/blog/open-work" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">remote-first work</a>, and strong culture of connection and global inclusion means that no matter your location, you’re part of a vibrant team with diverse experiences making a global impact each day. As we continue to revolutionize how the world interacts, we’re acquiring new skills and experiences that make work feel truly rewarding. Your career at Twilio is in your hands.<br><br>We use Artificial Intelligence (AI) to help make our hiring process efficient. That said, every hiring decision is made by real Twilions!</p>
<p><span style="color: rgb(255, 255, 255);">.</span></p></div><p><strong>See yourself at Twilio</strong></p>
<p>Join the team as Twilio’s next Systems Support &amp; Data Operations Administrator – India</p>
<p><strong>About the job</strong></p>
<p>This role is the backbone of our Global Sales organizations, providing a blend of technical Salesforce administration and high-level data stewardship. You will ensure that Salesforce CPQ, OLM, and multiple Salesforce instances run with high process integrity while simultaneously managing the data quality and firmographic insights that drive our Sales organization forward.</p>
<p><strong>Responsibilities</strong></p>
<p>In this role, you’ll:</p>
<ul>
<li><strong>Salesforce Administration:</strong> Manage user setup, roles, profiles, permissions, and security settings. Serve as the escalation point for advanced user requests and troubleshoot complex and multi-instance issues.Ensure Compliance with security and access governance policies.Monitor system usage and adoption to recommend improvements.</li>
<li><strong>System Maintenance:</strong> Maintain page layouts, workflows, validation rules, and approval processes. Configure and maintain Salesforce support processes.</li>
<li><strong>Data Stewardship:</strong> Perform data audits and investigations across systems to enhance firmographic information. Fix data issues following standard operating procedures and data policies.</li>
<li><strong>Operational Excellence:</strong> Monitor and Manage Salesforce case queues to meet SLAs. Oversee the synchronization of Salesforce data with ERP/Billing systems to ensure seamless order-to-cash cycles.</li>
<li><strong>Strategy &amp; Documentation:</strong> Provide documentation for implementation changes to data quality standards. Document data requirements, strategy, and rules (standardization, cleansing, and validation) for both legacy and new environments.</li>
<li><strong>Collaboration:</strong> Partner with Sales Ops, Finance, IT, and Business Stakeholders to identify and drive automation advances that improve operational efficiency.</li>
<li><strong>Testing &amp; Training:</strong> Support UAT and deployments while developing training materials to empower our end users.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Qualifications&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>Twilio values diverse experiences from all kinds of industries, and we encourage everyone who meets the required qualifications to apply. If your career is just starting or hasn't followed a traditional path, don't let that stop you from considering Twilio. We are always looking for people who will bring something new to the table!</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>\*Required:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><strong>Salesforce Expertise:</strong> 3+ years of experience as a Salesforce Administrator (Sales Cloud) with an active <strong>Salesforce Administrator certification (ADM-201)</strong>.</li>
<li><strong>Data Analysis:</strong> Demonstrable experience executing data quality analysis within complex, federated system architectures.</li>
<li><strong>Process Mindset:</strong> Experience in Sales Operations support and a basic understanding of data providers like <strong>ZoomInfo</strong>.</li>
<li><strong>Technical Logic:</strong> Ability to evaluate data risks, troubleshoot integrated system issues, and provide solutions in a timely manner.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Desired:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><strong>Advanced Certifications:</strong> Salesforce Certified Advanced Admin.</li>
<li><strong>Technical Stack:</strong> Experience with <strong>SQL, Heroku, or Python</strong> (specifically for data pipelining).</li>
<li><strong>Analytics:</strong> Familiarity with <strong>Tableau</strong> and <strong>Tableau CRM</strong> (CRM Analytics).</li>
<li><strong>Automation:</strong> Knowledge of Apex, Flow, SOQL, and advanced Salesforce automation.</li>
<li><strong>Soft Skills:</strong> Excellent written and verbal communication skills; ability to build relationships across all levels of the organization.</li>
<li><strong>Linguistic Diversity:</strong> Proficiency in multiple languages applicable to the NAMER region is a plus.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Location</strong></p>
<p>&nbsp;This role will be remote, and based in India.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Travel&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>We prioritize connection and opportunities to build relationships with our customers and each other. For this role, approximately 5% travel is anticipated to help you connect in-person in a meaningful way.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>What We Offer</strong></p>
<p>Working at Twilio offers many benefits, including competitive pay, generous time off, ample parental and wellness leave, healthcare, a retirement savings program, and much more. Offerings vary by location.</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>Twilio thinks big. Do you?</strong></p>
<p>We like to solve problems, take initiative, pitch in when needed, and are always up for trying new things. That's why we seek out colleagues who embody our values — something we call <a href="https://www.twilio.com/company/values">Twilio Magic</a>. Additionally, we empower employees to build <a href="https://twilio.org/support-and-resources/impact-fund">positive change in their communities</a> by supporting their volunteering and donation efforts.</p>
<p>So, if you're ready to unleash your full potential, do your best work, and be the best version of yourself, apply now! If this role isn't what you're looking for, <a href="https://www.twilio.com/company/jobs#open-positions">please consider other open positions.</a></p>
<p><strong>Twilio is proud to be an equal opportunity employer.</strong> We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, reproductive health decisions, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, genetic information, political views or activity, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Qualified applicants with arrest or conviction records will be considered for employment in accordance with the Los Angeles County Fair Chance Ordinance for Employers and the California Fair Chance Act. Additionally, Twilio participates in the E-Verify program in certain locations, as required by law.</p></div>