<div class="content-intro"><h2>About Vercel:</h2>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">Vercel gives developers the tools and cloud infrastructure to build, scale, and secure a faster, more personalized web. As the team behind v0, Next.js, and AI SDK, Vercel helps customers like Ramp, Supreme, PayPal, and Under Armour build for the AI-native web.<br></span></p>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">Our mission is to enable the world to ship the best products. That starts with creating a place where everyone can do their best work. Whether you're building on our platform, supporting our customers, or shaping our story: You can just ship things.</span></p></div><h2>About the Role:</h2>
<p>We are seeking a “<strong>Director of Sales Development, EMEA”</strong> to build, scale, and lead our EMEA SDR organization. This role is ideal for a seasoned leader with deep experience creating outbound programs, developing talent, and driving meaningful pipeline across multiple regions. You will be responsible for setting the strategy, building operational excellence, and developing leaders who empower SDRs to engage CTOs, CIOs, technical stakeholders, developers &amp; engineering leaders at the world’s most innovative enterprise companies.</p>
<p>If you’re based within a pre-determined commuting distance of one of our offices (SF, NY, London, or Berlin), the role includes in-office anchor days on Monday, Tuesday, and Friday. If you're located beyond that distance, the role is fully remote. For location-specific details, please connect with our recruiting team.</p>
<h2>What You Will Do:</h2>
<ul>
<li>Build, scale, and manage an EMEA SDR team</li>
<li>Recruit, train, and develop SDRs to consistently exceed pipeline targets</li>
<li>Design and implement outbound strategy, processes, and enablement programs to drive top-of-funnel excellence</li>
<li>Establish and monitor KPIs, providing visibility into performance and pipeline contribution for executive leadership</li>
<li>Partner closely with Sales, Marketing, and Operations leadership to ensure alignment and pipeline coverage</li>
<li>Foster a culture of coaching, feedback, and professional growth across the team</li>
</ul>
<h2>About You:</h2>
<ul>
<li>5+ years of leadership experience in SaaS sales, with a proven track record of building and scaling SDR teams in EMEA</li>
<li>Demonstrated success in leading managers and SDRs across multiple geographies</li>
<li>Having a track record of promoting SDRs into quota carrying roles</li>
<li>Strong background in creating outbound programs, driving pipeline, and partnering with enterprise sales leadership</li>
<li>Deep understanding of SDR metrics, reporting, and performance management</li>
<li>Excellent coaching, communication, and organizational skills</li>
</ul>
<h2>Bonus If You:</h2>
<ul>
<li>Leading SDR organizations in high-growth environments</li>
<li>Sales technology (Salesforce and Outreach preferred)</li>
<li>Building and scaling SDR operations across multiple regions in EMEA (and APAC optional)</li>
</ul>
<h2>Benefits:</h2>
<ul>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">Competitive compensation package, including equity.</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">Inclusive Healthcare Package.</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">Learn and Grow - we provide mentorship and send you to events that help you build your network and skills.</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">Flexible Time Off.</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">We will provide you the gear you need to do your role, and a WFH budget for you to outfit your space as needed.</li>
</ul>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">The London base pay range for this role is <span class="Yjhzub">£</span>210,000 - <span class="Yjhzub">£</span>266,000. Actual salary will be based on job-related skills, experience, and location. Compensation outside of San Francisco may be adjusted based on employee location. The total compensation package may include benefits, equity-based compensation, and eligibility for a company bonus or variable pay program depending on the role. Your recruiter can share more details during the hiring process.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p>Vercel is committed to fostering and empowering an inclusive community within our organization. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation, national origin, citizenship, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status, or any other characteristic protected by law. Vercel encourages everyone to apply for our available positions, even if they don't necessarily check every box on the job description.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<div id="te-floating-button-container"></div>