<p>SumUp builds financial solutions for millions of small businesses worldwide. Our Commercial Data Products power the systems that drive how we measure performance, reward growth, and scale our sales organisation.</p>
<p>As a <strong>Senior Technical Product Manager</strong> for <strong>Commercial Data products</strong>, you will own the strategy, discovery, and prioritisation of initiatives that form the backbone of SumUp’s commercial foundation, from attribution models to commissions and incentives. You will bring clarity to a fragmented landscape, consolidating multiple models and data sources into a single, trusted system that enables accurate measurement and fair, scalable incentive structures. This role requires strong technical and analytical depth, allowing you to navigate complex data eco-systems and partner effectively with engineering and analytics teams.</p>
<p>You’ll work closely with Sales Channels, Pricing, Finance, and Incentives stakeholders, as well as engineering and data teams, to build robust and reliable data products within the Commercial Systems &amp; Intelligence domain. Together, you will establish a product-led “Sales DNA,” ensuring that our commercial data is accurate, accessible, and actionable, empowering teams across SumUp to make better decisions and drive sustainable growth.</p>
<h3><strong>What you’ll do:</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Set the strategy and success metrics for Commercial Data products, prioritising scalability, reliability, and accuracy for Attribution and Commission.</li>
<li>Partner with Revenue, Data Platform, and analytical teams to migrate key logic from analytical pipelines into a robust, service-oriented architecture.</li>
<li>Translate business objectives into data-driven incentive structures and measurable performance KPIs by working closely with Sales, Marketing, and Finance teams.</li>
<li>Create data products that expose attribution and commission insights via self-serve tools for commercial and finance stakeholders.</li>
<li>Lead the discovery and delivery of advanced attribution logic, including multi-touch and dynamic reassignment models for future commercial impact analysis.</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>You’ll be a great fit for this role if:</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>You have proven experience delivering in complex data ecosystems and building scalable, reliable data products.</li>
<li>You can effectively collaborate with engineering teams, interpret API specs and data schemas, and contribute to system architecture design.</li>
<li>You have a deep understanding of data reliability metrics, including latency, lineage, and service performance (SLOs/SLIs).</li>
<li>You excel at translating complex technical concepts into clear, actionable product definitions for both technical and non-technical audiences.</li>
<li>You can balance short-term data quality improvements with long-term platform evolution and vision.</li>
<li>You have experience with commission/incentive modeling or marketing and sales attribution (multi-touch, MMM).</li>
</ul>
<p class="cui-body-o5xe cui-body-m-mwmz cui-body-regular-hd7o cui-body-normal-pvqj css-k4eprn"><strong class="cui-body-o5xe cui-body-m-mwmz cui-body-semibold-pt76 cui-body-normal-pvqj cui-body-highlight-kmah css-10dm8y e173j6r82">Why you should join SumUp?</strong></p>
<p class="cui-body-o5xe cui-body-m-mwmz cui-body-regular-hd7o cui-body-normal-pvqj css-k4eprn">🌎 Opportunity to work with SumUppers globally on large-scale fintech products used by millions of businesses worldwide, from our Berlin office. This involves an office-first setup</p>
<p class="cui-body-o5xe cui-body-m-mwmz cui-body-regular-hd7o cui-body-normal-pvqj css-k4eprn">&nbsp;🌈 Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion: be part of a workplace that values and promotes diversity, fostering an inclusive environment where everyone's perspectives are respected and embraced</p>
<p class="cui-body-o5xe cui-body-m-mwmz cui-body-regular-hd7o cui-body-normal-pvqj css-k4eprn">🚀 Enrolment onto our Virtual Stock Option programme: you will own a stake in SumUp’s future success&nbsp;</p>
<p class="cui-body-o5xe cui-body-m-mwmz cui-body-regular-hd7o cui-body-normal-pvqj css-k4eprn">📚 A dedicated annual L&amp;D budget of €2000 for attending conferences and/or advancing your career through further education 💶 A corporate pension scheme where we match up to 20% of your contributions</p>
<p class="cui-body-o5xe cui-body-m-mwmz cui-body-regular-hd7o cui-body-normal-pvqj css-k4eprn">🏖️ Generous time off: enjoy 28 days of paid leave plus public holidays and special leave days&nbsp;</p>
<p class="cui-body-o5xe cui-body-m-mwmz cui-body-regular-hd7o cui-body-normal-pvqj css-k4eprn">🚵🏾‍♂️ Numerous other benefits such as Urban Sports Club subsidy, Kita placement assistance, subsidised office lunches</p>
<p class="cui-body-o5xe cui-body-m-mwmz cui-body-regular-hd7o cui-body-normal-pvqj css-k4eprn">🌴 Break4me: 1-month sabbatical after 3 years of service</p>
<p class="cui-body-o5xe cui-body-m-mwmz cui-body-regular-hd7o cui-body-normal-pvqj css-k4eprn">🔗 Referral Bonus: earn additional rewards by referring talented individuals to join the SumUp team</p>
<p class="cui-body-o5xe cui-body-m-mwmz cui-body-regular-hd7o cui-body-normal-pvqj css-k4eprn">&nbsp;</p>
<p class="cui-body-o5xe cui-body-m-mwmz cui-body-regular-hd7o cui-body-normal-pvqj css-k4eprn"><strong class="cui-body-o5xe cui-body-m-mwmz cui-body-semibold-pt76 cui-body-normal-pvqj cui-body-highlight-kmah css-10dm8y e173j6r82">About SumUp</strong><strong class="cui-body-o5xe cui-body-m-mwmz cui-body-semibold-pt76 cui-body-normal-pvqj cui-body-highlight-kmah css-10dm8y e173j6r82">:</strong></p>
<p class="cui-body-o5xe cui-body-m-mwmz cui-body-regular-hd7o cui-body-normal-pvqj css-k4eprn">Be empowered to do more that matters.</p>
<p class="cui-body-o5xe cui-body-m-mwmz cui-body-regular-hd7o cui-body-normal-pvqj css-k4eprn">At SumUp, we're on a mission to empower small businesses across the globe by providing simple and affordable tools that allow them to thrive. Today, over 4 million businesses in 36 markets rely on SumUp as their financial partner to manage payments, finance and customer relationships.</p>
<p class="cui-body-o5xe cui-body-m-mwmz cui-body-regular-hd7o cui-body-normal-pvqj css-k4eprn">Our commitment to small businesses is reflected in our diverse team of over 3,000 SumUppers from over 90 nationalities, united by global collaboration and an innovative mindset.&nbsp;<a class="cui-body-o5xe cui-body-m-mwmz cui-body-regular-hd7o cui-body-normal-pvqj cui-anchor-xoc6 cui-focus-visible-y4xg css-k1irjw e17ev4ar0" href="https://www.sumup.com/careers/culture/?gh\_jid=8372327002&amp;department=Engineering&amp;search=engineering%20manager">Our core values</a>&nbsp;lay the foundation for who we are and what we stand for, shaping our work culture and driving our success. We foster inclusivity and a continuous learning culture, providing a safe space for personal and professional growth. Our differences make us unique and strong as we strive to create an environment where everyone belongs and feels supported, no matter how they identify.&nbsp;</p>
<p class="cui-body-o5xe cui-body-m-mwmz cui-body-regular-hd7o cui-body-normal-pvqj css-k4eprn">SumUp is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity employer, actively seeking and embracing diversity in our workforce. We don't make hiring or employment decisions based on race, colour, religion or religious belief, ethnic or national origin, nationality, sex, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, disability, age or any other basis protected by applicable laws or prohibited by company policy. Our commitment extends beyond recruitment to creating a safe and respectful workplace where harassment of any form is strictly prohibited.</p>
<p class="cui-body-o5xe cui-body-m-mwmz cui-body-regular-hd7o cui-body-normal-pvqj css-k4eprn">Explore career opportunities with us and join a team driven by collaboration, innovation, and a shared vision of creating a world where everyone can build a thriving business. Discover more about our vibrant and inclusive work culture and how we work on our&nbsp;<a class="cui-body-o5xe cui-body-m-mwmz cui-body-regular-hd7o cui-body-normal-pvqj cui-anchor-xoc6 cui-focus-visible-y4xg css-k1irjw e17ev4ar0" href="https://www.sumup.com/careers/?gh\_jid=8372327002&amp;department=Engineering&amp;search=engineering%20manager">careers website</a>, and follow our journey on&nbsp;<a class="cui-body-o5xe cui-body-m-mwmz cui-body-regular-hd7o cui-body-normal-pvqj cui-anchor-xoc6 cui-focus-visible-y4xg css-k1irjw e17ev4ar0" href="https://www.linkedin.com/company/sumup/" target="\_blank">LinkedIn</a>&nbsp;and&nbsp;<a class="cui-body-o5xe cui-body-m-mwmz cui-body-regular-hd7o cui-body-normal-pvqj cui-anchor-xoc6 cui-focus-visible-y4xg css-k1irjw e17ev4ar0" href="https://www.instagram.com/insidesumup/" target="\_blank">Instagram</a>.</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>Job Application Tip</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We recognise that candidates feel they need to meet 100% of the job criteria in order to apply for a job. Please note that this is only a guide. If you don’t tick every box, it’s ok too because it means you have room to learn and develop your career at SumUp.</span></p></div>