<div class="content-intro"><p>Elastic, the Search AI Company, enables everyone to find the answers they need in real time, using all their data, at scale — unleashing the potential of businesses and people. The Elastic Search AI Platform, used by more than 50% of the Fortune 500, brings together the precision of search and the intelligence of AI to enable everyone to accelerate the results that matter. By taking advantage of all structured and unstructured data — securing and protecting private information more effectively — Elastic’s complete, cloud-based solutions for search, security, and observability help organizations deliver on the promise of AI.</p></div><p>We’re looking for a <strong>Senior Data Analyst</strong> to join the Insights &amp; Analytics team at Elastic. You’ll help shape how our global Revenue teams use data to make smart decisions, plan for growth, and stay focused on what matters.</p>
<p>This role is a mix of strategy, hands-on analysis, and cross-team collaboration. You’ll work closely with Sales, Customer Success, Marketing, Finance, and more-bringing data to life and helping teams see the story behind the numbers. We work across a wide range of tools and datasets -from dashboards and forecasts to detailed analytical deep dives - helping the business stay focused, aligned, and data-informed.</p>
<p>To support our growth and enable us to scale efficiently, we are seeking an exceptional Senior Data Analyst to drive sales strategy, planning, reporting, and analysis efforts. In this position, you will play a strategic role in driving data-informed decision-making across Elastic’s Global Revenue Operations organization and broader go-to-market ecosystem. You will work on high-impact analysis and develop scalable, leadership-level reporting to support sales effectiveness, pipeline optimization, and revenue growth. You’ll use your strong analytical skills to break down complex business problems and help teams make smarter decisions. Your insights will shape how we plan, operate, and improve over time.</p>
<h2><strong>What You’ll Be Doing</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Build clean, scalable dashboards and tools using SQL (BigQuery), dbt, and Tableau</li>
<li>Analyze complex data to answer key business questions-and turn insights into action</li>
<li>Handle ad hoc asks in Google Sheets, while staying focused on big-picture, long-term impact</li>
<li>Support senior stakeholders with clear, accurate reporting for exec and board-level needs</li>
<li>Question assumptions and get to the root of the problem, not just the request</li>
<li>Validate your work thoroughly and explore data anomalies with curiosity</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Working Independently, While Staying Connected</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Take ownership of projects from start to finish - managing your own scope, priorities, and timelines</li>
<li>Collaborate across time zones and teams (Sales, Field Ops, Data Engineering, and more) to ensure alignment and data consistency across data sources and reporting</li>
<li>Spot data issues early and partner with the right folks to fix them at the source</li>
<li>Help keep our reporting consistent and aligned across tools and teams</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Learning, Growing, and Making an Impact</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Build real-world experience in Revenue Operations while learning how the business runs</li>
<li>Lead high-impact projects that shape go-to-market strategy</li>
<li>Grow your skills in areas like predictive analytics, data architecture, and business planning</li>
<li>Work directly with senior stakeholders and build strong relationships across the company</li>
<li>Be part of a team where your ideas and work make a visible difference</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>What You Bring</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>4+ years of experience in data analytics, BI, or a similar role - ideally in a high-impact, fast-paced environment</li>
<li>Strong SQL skills (BigQuery preferred); experience with dbt is a plus</li>
<li>Proficient with data visualization tools like Tableau or Power BI. Experience with predictive analytics is a plus.</li>
<li>Experience working with Salesforce or similar sales data tools</li>
<li>Comfortable working in Google Sheets to support quick turnaround requests</li>
<li>Familiarity with B2B SaaS and a solid understanding of sales or post-sales data</li>
<li>Experienced in managing complex projects with clarity and focus - you know how to prioritize, follow through, and get unblocked when needed</li>
<li>Clear, proactive communicator who can explain complex ideas simply and help others make informed decisions</li>
</ul>
<p>You’ll join a remote-friendly, team that values curiosity, clarity, and action to deliver impact to the business. You’ll have room to grow, freedom to explore, and the support you need to do your best work- while learning how data helps shape every part of our business.</p><div class="content-conclusion"><h2><strong>Additional Information - We Take Care of Our People</strong></h2>
<p>As a distributed company, diversity drives our identity. Whether you’re looking to launch a new career or grow an existing one, Elastic is the type of company where you can balance great work with great life. Your age is only a number. It doesn’t matter if you’re just out of college or your children are; we need you for what you can do.</p>
<p>We strive to have parity of benefits across regions and while regulations differ from place to place, we believe taking care of our people is the right thing to do.</p>
<ul>
<li>Competitive pay based on the work you do here and not your previous salary</li>
<li>Health coverage for you and your family in many locations</li>
<li>Ability to craft your calendar with flexible locations and schedules for many roles</li>
<li>Generous number of vacation days each year</li>
<li>Increase your impact - We match up to $2000 (or local currency equivalent) for financial donations and service</li>
<li>Up to 40 hours each year to use toward volunteer projects you love</li>
<li>Embracing parenthood with minimum of 16 weeks of parental leave</li>
</ul>
<p>Different people approach problems differently. We need that. Elastic is an equal opportunity employer and is committed to creating an inclusive culture that celebrates different perspectives, experiences, and backgrounds. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, ethnicity, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender perception or identity, national origin, age, marital status, protected veteran status, disability status, or any other basis protected by federal, state or local law, ordinance or regulation.</p>
<p>We welcome individuals with disabilities and strive to create an accessible and inclusive experience for all individuals. To request an accommodation during the application or the recruiting process, please email <a href="mailto:candidate\_accessibility@elastic.co" target="\_blank">candidate\_accessibility@elastic.co</a><span class="gmail\_default">.</span>&nbsp;We will reply to your request within 24 business hours of submission.</p>
<p><span style="color: #000000;">Applicants have rights under Federal Employment Laws, view posters linked below:</span> <a href="https://www.dol.gov/sites/dolgov/files/WHD/legacy/files/fmlaen.pdf" target="\_blank">Family and Medical Leave Act (FMLA)</a> <span style="color: #000000;">Poster;</span><span style="color: #000000;">&nbsp;<a href="https://www.dol.gov/sites/dolgov/files/ofccp/pdf/pay-transp\_%20English\_formattedESQA508c.pdf" target="\_blank">Pay Transparency Nondiscrimination Provision</a> Poster; </span><a href="https://www.dol.gov/sites/dolgov/files/WHD/legacy/files/eppabw.pdf" target="\_blank">Employee Polygraph Protection Act (EPPA)</a> <span style="color: #000000;">Poster and <a href="https://www.dol.gov/sites/dolgov/files/OFCCP/regs/compliance/posters/pdf/22-088\_EEOC\_KnowYourRights.pdf" target="\_blank">Know Your Rights</a> (Poster)</span></p>
<p><span style="color: #000000;">Elasticsearch develops and distributes technology and information that is subject to U.S. and other countries’ export controls and licensing requirements for individuals who are located in or are nationals of the following sanctioned countries and regions: Belarus, Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Syria, or Russia, including the Ukrainian territories annexed by Russia (The Crimea region of Ukraine, The Donetsk People's Republic (DNR), The Luhansk People's Republic (LNR), Kherson or Zaporizhzhia). If you are located in or are a national of one of the listed countries or regions, an export license may be required as a condition of your employment in this role. Please note that national origin and/or nationality do not affect eligibility for employment with Elastic.</span></p>
<p>Please see&nbsp;<a href="https://www.elastic.co/legal/applicant-privacy-statement" target="\_blank" data-saferedirecturl="https://www.google.com/url?q=https://www.elastic.co/legal/applicant-privacy-statement&amp;source=gmail&amp;ust=1611068262479000&amp;usg=AFQjCNG3orAPk5sJIr9WVm0ZDxYw82c5DA">here</a>&nbsp;for our Privacy Statement.</p></div>