<p>At JetBrains, code is our passion. Ever since we started, back in 2000, we have strived to make the strongest, most effective developer tools on earth. By automating routine checks and corrections, our tools speed up production, freeing developers to grow, discover, and create.</p>
<p>The IntelliJ Platform is the foundation of JetBrains IDEs, driving innovation and enabling millions of developers worldwide to achieve their full potential. We’re now looking for a Technical Lead to join the IntelliJ Platform team and help us deliver features and improvements that redefine what it means to be productive.</p>
<h4><strong>In this role, you will:</strong></h4>
<ul>
<li>Drive the plugin development ecosystem (internal and external) for both remote development and UI tooling by defining clear, minimal APIs, drafting documentation, and shaping the team’s definition of done.<br><br></li>
<li>Re-architect several core subsystems to meet modern needs, including by making settings flexible and portable across machines (for remote or dev-provisioned environments).<br><br></li>
<li>Organize and implement processes related to the deprecation cycle for the IntelliJ Platform API.</li>
</ul>
<h4><strong>We’ll be happy to have you on our team if you have:</strong></h4>
<ul>
<li>Extensive experience in platform architecture and systems design</li>
<li>A strong understanding of JVM concurrency</li>
<li>Knowledge of Kotlin coroutines</li>
<li>Strong technical writing and documentation skills</li>
<li>Critical thinking and architectural foresight</li>
<li>The ability to organize and perform large-scale refactoring in monorepos</li>
</ul>
<h4><strong>We’d be especially thrilled if you have:</strong></h4>
<ul>
<li>Experience building developer tools</li>
<li>Experience with different UI frameworks</li>
<li>Knowledge of database internals</li>
<li>Experience working with network applications</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>Why join JetBrains?</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Strong base salary. We offer competitive pay that reflects your skills and experience.</li>
<li>Flexible work location. Enjoy the freedom to work from home or from the office.</li>
<li>Remote work. Spend up to 30 days per year working remotely from abroad.</li>
<li>Extra time off. More days to relax, recharge, and do the things you love.</li>
<li>Medical insurance allowance. Enjoy peace of mind for you and your family.</li>
<li>Learning and development opportunities. Access to conferences, courses, and language classes.</li>
<li>Language classes. Pick up the local language or sharpen your English skills.</li>
<li>Fuel your day. Enjoy a hot meal or receive a lunch allowance on workdays.</li>
<li>Mental health support. To help you feel your best, we provide easy access to professional mental health services.</li>
<li>Sports benefit. Enjoy an on-site gym or sports club stipend.</li>
<li>Internal events. Join company-wide celebrations and team gatherings.</li>
</ul>
<p>\*Some benefits may vary depending on location.</p>
<p>#LI-KT1</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>We are an equal opportunity employer</strong><br><br>We know great ideas can come from anyone, anywhere. That’s why we do our best to create an open and inclusive workplace – one that welcomes everyone regardless of their background, identity, religion, age, accessibility needs, or orientation.</p>
<p><em data-stringify-type="italic">We process the data provided in your job application in accordance with the <a href="https://www.jetbrains.com/legal/docs/privacy/privacy-recruitment/">Recruitment Privacy Policy.</a></em></p></div>