<div class="content-intro"><h2><span data-sheets-root="1">About Wolt</span></h2>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">At Wolt, we create technology that brings joy, simplicity and earnings to the neighborhoods of the world. In 2014 we started with delivery of restaurant food. Now we’re building the delivery of (almost) everything and you’ll find us in over 500 cities in 30 countries around the world. In 2022 we joined forces with DoorDash and together we keep on dreaming big and expanding across the globe.<br><br>Working at Wolt isn’t always easy, but it’s definitely exciting. Here you’ll learn more, build more, and ship more than in most other companies. You’ll be challenged a lot, but also have a lot of fun on the way. So, if you’re a self-starter with drive and entrepreneurial spirit, this could be the ride of your life.</span></p></div><p>Are you ready to kickstart your HR career in a global tech company where your work genuinely makes a difference? Look no further! We're building our global People Support Hub in Romania, Timișoara<strong> </strong>and Hungary, Budapest. We’re on the hunt for energetic, detail-obsessed HR stars to join us. If you're passionate about diving into the world of HR and making a real impact in the lives of employees, we want you!</p>
<h2>What you’ll be doing&nbsp;</h2>
<ul>
<li>Support Wolt people with their day-to-day HR questions, across different countries.</li>
<li>Help and educate Wolt people how they can self-serve their basic HR needs.</li>
<li>Support our People Specialists, and escalate complex HR matters to them.</li>
<li>Create employment-related documents, such as Employment Agreements.</li>
<li>Onboard new Wolt people to our HR system, Workday (it’s the best HR system).</li>
<li>Maintain accurate data in Workday: chase down missing data and correct errors.</li>
<li>Cooperate very closely with Payroll to enable on-time, accurate salary payments.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Collaborate with our Budapest-based People Services HUB team and take part in exciting cross-country projects and initiatives.</li>
<li>Help us improve our HR processes and the service experience that we offer Wolt people.&nbsp;</li>
<li>…and most importantly be yourself and contribute to our team culture.&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<h2>Our humble expectations</h2>
<ul>
<li>HR enthusiast: You're passionate about making a difference in people's lives through HR.</li>
<li>Customer service attitude: You care about creating a great customer experience.</li>
<li>Tech whiz: If digital technologies and AI excite you, you're in the right place!</li>
<li>HR studies, practical HR or customer service experience? Perfect.</li>
<li>Process pro: You enjoy working in a structured way.</li>
<li>Growth-minded: Dedicated to learning more about HR every day.</li>
<li>Problem solver: Ready to tackle challenges with a can-do attitude.</li>
<li>Self-starter: You're great at collaborating with others, and handling tasks independently.</li>
<li>Digital native: Comfortable connecting with other teams via tools like Zoom.</li>
<li>Comms ace: Near or fluent English, both in speaking and writing. Knowledge of other languages is a valuable asset.</li>
</ul>
<h2>Why you'll love working with us</h2>
<ul>
<li>Opportunity to be part of building something new and exceptional.</li>
<li>Lots of learning and growth in a globally scaling tech company.</li>
<li>Hybrid working environment: 2+ office days per week.&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<h2>Next steps&nbsp;</h2>
<p>We will be reviewing applications on an ongoing basis, so if this sounds like an opportunity you want to pursue, apply today! Please submit your application in English.&nbsp;</p>
<p><iframe src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/GoL541\_xj9w" width="560" height="314"></iframe></p><div class="content-conclusion"><h2><span data-sheets-root="1">Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion</span></h2>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">We’re committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. That’s why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.</span></p></div>