<div class="content-intro"><p>At Braze, we have found our people. We’re a genuinely approachable, exceptionally kind, and intensely passionate crew.</p>
<p>We seek to ignite that passion by setting high standards, championing teamwork, and creating work-life harmony as we collectively navigate rapid growth on a global scale while striving for greater equity and opportunity – inside and outside our organization.</p>
<p>To flourish here, you must be prepared to set a high bar for yourself and those around you. There is always a way to contribute: Acting with autonomy, having accountability and being open to new perspectives are essential to our continued success.</p>
<p>Our deep curiosity to learn and our eagerness to share diverse passions with others gives us balance and injects a one-of-a-kind vibrancy into our culture.</p>
<p>If you are driven to solve exhilarating challenges and have a bias toward action in the face of change, you will be empowered to make a real impact here, with a sharp and passionate team at your back. If Braze sounds like a place where you can thrive, we can’t wait to meet you.</p></div><p><strong>WHAT YOU’LL DO&nbsp;</strong><strong><br></strong>Team Overview: The Renewals Team at Braze is responsible for managing the company's book of business, identifying risks and opportunities across accounts. They employ successful strategies to address these factors, ensuring the continued satisfaction and retention of customers. Their primary goal is to secure renewals that are beneficial and aligned with the needs of both Braze and its customers.&nbsp;</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Responsibilities:</strong></p>
<p>As a Renewal Manager, you will oversee the end-to-end renewal process for contracts within your assigned territory, ensuring alignment with company policies and objectives. Your role will be critical in driving operational efficiency, maintaining data integrity, and collaborating across teams to support revenue retention.</p>
<ul>
<li><strong>Renewal Project Management:</strong> Lead the internal renewals process by building account strategies, managing key timelines, and preparing pricing proposals to drive successful contract execution.</li>
<li><strong>Operational Excellence:</strong> Own the internal quoting and Order Form process, ensuring agreements are structured correctly, signed on time, and accurately reflected in internal systems.</li>
<li><strong>Cross-functional Collaboration:</strong> Work closely with Sales, Customer Success, and other internal teams to identify risks and growth opportunities across accounts, supporting a seamless renewal process.</li>
<li><strong>Data &amp; Reporting:</strong> Build and maintain reports to track key metrics such as renewal revenue, bookings, retention rates, and overall customer health, leveraging data to identify trends and support decision-making.</li>
<li><strong>Forecasting &amp; Insights:</strong> Lead regular regional forecast calls, providing visibility into key renewals, potential risks, and growth opportunities while advising on forecasting best practices.</li>
<li><strong>Churn &amp; Retention Analysis:</strong> Own churn reporting for your region, analyzing contraction and growth trends within the book of business and effectively communicating insights to cross-functional stakeholders.</li>
<li><strong>Process &amp; CRM Improvements:</strong> Support Sales with process guidance, complex deal structures, and CRM data accuracy, proactively driving system enhancements and best practices.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>WHO YOU ARE</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>An individual with a background in Sales, Operations or Customer Success.&nbsp;</li>
<li>You are very organised and detail orientated, with strong accountability.&nbsp;</li>
<li>You have strong analytical skills and are commercially aware.&nbsp;</li>
<li>You are someone who can build strong interpersonal relationships and has the confidence to coordinate internal stakeholders.&nbsp;</li>
<li>A desire to learn and develop skills focused on the core objectives above.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Experience working with Salesforce CRM.</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><div class="p-rich\_text\_section">
<p><strong>WHAT WE OFFER<br></strong></p>
<p><em>Braze benefits vary by location, and we encourage you to review our specific benefits offerings for each country </em><a href="https://www.braze.com/company/careers/how-we-hire#benefit-section"><em>here</em></a><em>. More details on benefits plans will be provided if you receive an offer of employment.</em></p>
<p>From offering comprehensive benefits to fostering hybrid ways of working, we’ve got you covered so you can prioritize work-life harmony. Braze offers benefits such as:</p>
<ul>
<li>Competitive compensation that may include equity</li>
<li>Retirement and Employee Stock Purchase Plans</li>
<li>Flexible paid time off</li>
<li>Comprehensive benefit plans covering medical, dental, vision, life, and disability</li>
<li>Family services that include fertility benefits and equal paid parental leave</li>
<li>Professional development supported by formal career pathing, learning platforms, and a yearly learning stipend</li>
<li>A curated in-office employee experience, designed to foster community, team connections, and innovation</li>
<li>Opportunities to give back to your community, including an annual company-wide Volunteer Week and donation matching&nbsp;</li>
<li>Employee Resource Groups that provide supportive communities within Braze</li>
<li>Collaborative, transparent, and fun culture recognized as a Great Place to Work®</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>ABOUT BRAZE<br><br></strong>Braze is the leading customer engagement platform that empowers brands to Be Absolutely Engaging.™ Braze helps brands deliver great customer experiences that drive value both for consumers and for their businesses. Built on a foundation of composable intelligence, BrazeAI™ allows marketers to combine and activate AI agents, models, and features at every touchpoint throughout the Braze Customer Engagement Platform for smarter, faster, and more meaningful customer engagement. From cross-channel messaging and journey orchestration to Al-powered decisioning and optimization, Braze enables companies to turn action into interaction through autonomous, 1:1 personalized experiences.<br><br>The company has repeatedly been recognized as a Leader in marketing technology by industry analysts, and was voted a G2 “Best of Marketing and Digital Advertising Software Product” in 2025.<br><br>Braze was also named a 2025 Best Companies To Work For by U.S. News &amp; World Report, a 2025 America’s Greatest Companies by Newsweek, and a 2025 Fortune Best Workplace in Technology™ by Great Place To Work®, among other accolades. Braze is also proudly certified as a Great Place to Work® in the U.S., the UK, Australia, and Singapore.<br><br>The company is headquartered in New York with offices in Austin, Berlin, Bucharest, Chicago, Dubai, Jakarta, London, Paris, San Francisco, São Paulo, Singapore, Seoul, Sydney and Tokyo.</p>
<strong>BRAZE IS AN EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER</strong>
<p>At Braze, we strive to create equitable growth and opportunities inside and outside the organization.</p>
<p>Building meaningful connections is at the heart of everything we do, and that includes our recruiting practices. We're committed to offering all candidates a fair, accessible, and inclusive experience – regardless of age, color, disability, gender identity, marital status, maternity, national origin, pregnancy, race, religion, sex, sexual orientation, or status as a protected veteran. When applying and interviewing with Braze, we want you to feel comfortable showcasing what makes you <em>you</em>.</p>
<p>We know that sometimes different circumstances can lead talented people to hesitate to apply for a role unless they meet 100% of the criteria. If this sounds familiar, we encourage you to apply, as we’d love to meet you.</p>
<em>Please see our</em><a href="https://www.braze.com/company/legal/privacy-policy-job-candidates"><em> </em><em>Candidate Privacy Policy</em></a><em> for more information on how Braze processes your personal information during the recruitment process and, if applicable based on your location, how you can exercise any privacy rights.</em></div></div>