<p><strong><span data-contrast="auto">The requirements listed in our job descriptions are guidelines, not&nbsp;hard and fast&nbsp;rules. You&nbsp;don't&nbsp;have to satisfy every requirement or meet every qualification listed. If your skills are transferable and you are in the ballpark experience-wise,&nbsp;we'd&nbsp;love to speak to you!</span><span data-ccp-props="{&quot;134233117&quot;:false,&quot;134233118&quot;:false,&quot;201341983&quot;:0,&quot;335559738&quot;:0,&quot;335559739&quot;:200,&quot;335559740&quot;:276}">&nbsp;</span></strong></p>
<p><span data-ccp-props="{&quot;134233117&quot;:false,&quot;134233118&quot;:false,&quot;201341983&quot;:0,&quot;335559738&quot;:0,&quot;335559739&quot;:200,&quot;335559740&quot;:276}"><span data-contrast="auto">Our roster has an opening with your name on it</span>&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><strong>The Position</strong></p>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">As a <strong>Senior Software Engineer</strong> within the Trust and Safety vertical, you will be working on systems that are paramount to the safety and security of our customers and to FanDuel.</span></p>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">We’re looking for passionate technologists, strong communicators, and those with a commitment to continuous improvement.&nbsp;</span><span data-contrast="auto">The ideal candidate will have the confidence to propose pragmatic solutions to complex problems and be eager to learn from and educate others. As a Senior Software Engineer, you will work in empowered, multidisciplinary teams, autonomously tackling complex challenges that provide the very best experiences and products for a growing community of millions of players.</span></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>The Role</strong></p>
<p>Your work is consistently of high quality. You solve difficult problems, applying appropriate technologies and best practices. You work with your team to invent, design, and build software that is stable and performant. You are proficient in a broad range of design approaches and know when it is appropriate to use them and when it is not. Your solutions are pragmatic. You consider the legacy of the code you produce and write code that an Engineer unfamiliar with the system can understand. You limit the use of short-term workarounds. You do things with the proper level of complexity the first time (or at least minimize incidental complexity). You create flexible software without over-engineering. You make appropriate trade-offs, re-use where possible, and are judicious about introducing dependencies. You are efficient with resource usage (e.g., system hardware, database, memory/CPU, etc.).</p>
<ul>
<li><span>You own parts of product and technology &amp; strive to become a subject matter expert.</span></li>
<li><span>You write simple and extendable code following standards and best practices. You test </span><span>your code thoroughly. You help balance customer requirements with the team </span><span>requirements.</span></li>
<li><span>You help your team evolve by actively participating in the code review process, design </span><span>discussions, team planning, and support ticket reviews.</span></li>
<li><span>You take on projects and make software enhancements that improve the team software </span><span>and processes.</span></li>
<li><span>You work to resolve the root cause of complex problems, leaving software better and </span><span>easier to maintain than when you found it.</span></li>
<li><span>You estimate stories/tasks accurately and deliver them in time. You keep yourself up to </span><span>date with industry tools, utilities, and open-source frameworks.</span></li>
<li><span>You participate in the interview process and help your team train other Software </span><span>Engineers.</span></li>
<li><span>You will keep yourself up to date with market standards, open-source frameworks.</span></li>
<li><span>You participate in the on-call support rotation for your organization.</span></li>
<li><span>Most importantly, you are humble, pragmatic, self-managed, thirsty for knowledge, never </span><span>satisfied and always challenging the norm. Responsible for the state of the code you both </span><span>inherit and produce</span></li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>What We’re Looking For</strong></p>
<p><strong><span data-contrast="auto">Technical Skills:</span></strong>&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li><span>Strong backend experience with Java.</span></li>
<li><span>A desire to learn and experiment with other technologies and platforms, including mobile </span><span>and web.</span></li>
<li><span>Experience with AWS as well as understanding DevOps concepts such as IaC (we use </span><span>Terraform).</span></li>
<li><span>Experience working on critical systems (ideally high volume and at scale).</span></li>
<li><span>Familiarity working in an Agile environment.</span></li>
<li><span>Understanding relational, non-relational databases, messaging queues and concurrency.</span></li>
<li><span>Most importantly, be humble, pragmatic, self-managed, thirsty for knowledge, never </span><span>satisfied and always challenging the norm.</span></li>
</ul>
<p><strong><span data-contrast="auto">Background &amp; Mindset:</span></strong>&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li><span data-contrast="auto">Strong collaboration skills </span>&nbsp;</li>
<li><span data-contrast="auto">Good listener who values teamwork over dogmatic approaches</span></li>
<li><span data-contrast="auto">Comfortable with operational responsibilities and on-call duties (up to around 1 week every two months)</span></li>
<li><span data-contrast="auto">Autonomous working style with hands-on technical approach</span><span data-ccp-props="{&quot;134233117&quot;:false,&quot;134233118&quot;:false,&quot;201341983&quot;:0,&quot;335559738&quot;:0,&quot;335559739&quot;:200,&quot;335559740&quot;:276}">&nbsp;</span></li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>What You Can Expect</strong></p>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><strong>Interesting work</strong><span style="font-weight: 400;"> - working in a fast-paced and ever-changing industry, new problems and exciting solutions are never too far away. There are always opportunities to learn new skills and broaden your horizons</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><strong>A sense of achievement</strong><span style="font-weight: 400;"> - Our teams own their own software and when that awesome new feature ships to users and the positive feedback starts rolling in, you can feel really proud of what you and your team created</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><strong>Personal development</strong><span style="font-weight: 400;"> - clear and defined career pathways for every role at every level, a supportive manager, loads of learning opportunities and even 10% of your time to dedicate to your learning.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><strong>Belonging</strong><span style="font-weight: 400;"> - everyone at FanDuel works for each other, we win together, make mistakes together and have lots of fun doing it.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><strong>Trust - </strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">A trusting work environment where productivity is valued above all else, giving you autonomy and ownership of your time and work</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><strong>Great financial package </strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">- Including salary, bonus, pension, private healthcare, share save scheme, flexible working &amp; holiday policy along with a number of other benefits.</span></li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p style="text-align: center;"><strong>ABOUT FANDUEL</strong></p>
<p>FanDuel Group is the premier mobile gaming company in the United States and Canada. FanDuel Group consists of a portfolio of leading brands across mobile wagering including: America’s #1 Sportsbook, FanDuel Sportsbook; its leading iGaming platform, FanDuel Casino; the industry’s unquestioned leader in horse racing and advance-deposit wagering, FanDuel Racing; and its daily fantasy sports product. &nbsp;</p>
<p>In addition, FanDuel Group operates FanDuel TV, its broadly distributed linear cable television network and FanDuel TV+, its leading direct-to-consumer OTT platform. FanDuel Group has a presence across all 50 states, Canada, and Puerto Rico.</p>
<p>The company is based in New York with US offices in Los Angeles, Atlanta, and Jersey City, as well as global offices in Canada and Scotland. The company’s affiliates have offices worldwide, including in Ireland, Portugal, Romania, and Australia.</p>
<p>FanDuel Group is a subsidiary of Flutter Entertainment, the world's largest sports betting and gaming operator with a portfolio of globally recognized brands and traded on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE: FLUT).</p>
<p><strong>Diversity, Equity and Inclusion</strong></p>
<p><em><span style="font-weight: 400;">FanDuel is an equal opportunities employer. Diversity and inclusion in FanDuel means that we respect and value everyone as individuals. We don't tolerate bias, judgement or harassment. Our focus is on developing employees so that they reach their full potential.</span></em></p>
<p><em><span style="font-weight: 400;">FanDuel is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities. If you have a disability and need a workplace accommodation or adjustment during the application and hiring process, including support for the interview or onboarding process, please email<span class="Apple-converted-space">&nbsp;</span><a class="ms-outlook-linkify" href="mailto:Benefits@fanduel.com">Benefits@fanduel.com</a>.</span></em></p>