<div class="content-intro"><p>Figma is growing our team of passionate creatives and builders on a mission to make design accessible to all. Figma’s platform helps teams bring ideas to life—whether you're brainstorming, creating a prototype, translating designs into code, or iterating with AI. From idea to product, Figma empowers teams to streamline workflows, move faster, and work together in real time from anywhere in the world. If you're excited to shape the future of design and collaboration, join us!</p></div><p>Figma’s Solutions Consulting team is comprised of a group of talented, dynamic, creative, and technical professionals. The team sits within Sales and helps to successfully secure new customers and expand our existing customer base by demonstrating the value of the Figma platform and painting the vision of what is technically possible.</p>
<p>We are looking for a Manager, Solutions Consulting to lead our APAC Solutions Consulting team, consisting of SCs across Southeast Asia, India, and ANZ. As a cross-functional leader, you will collaborate closely with Sales, Product, Customer Experience, Partners, and Support teams to drive consultative strategies that unlock customer value and accelerate growth.</p>
<p>With Figma rapidly innovating, this position offers the exciting challenge of scaling the Solutions Consulting function and contributing to the evolution of our enterprise go-to-market motion.</p>
<h4>What you’ll do at Figma:</h4>
<ul>
<li>Lead, hire, and motivate a diverse team of Solutions Consultants across APAC</li>
<li>Participate in customer and prospect meetings alongside your team</li>
<li>Assist in continual training and development, including mentorship, hiring, and career growth</li>
<li>Work cross-functionally to help define and execute our technical pre- and post-sales strategy</li>
<li>Build and implement programs that help scale our Solutions Consultants and drive greater impact for our customers</li>
<li>Monitor team performance and support them in exceeding their goals</li>
</ul>
<div class="section page-centered">
<h4>We'd love to hear from you if you have:</h4>
<ul>
<li>3+ years as a frontline manager leading Solutions Consultants or Sales Engineers, with direct accountability for team performance, coaching, and feedback</li>
<li>8+ years of relevant customer-facing or practitioner technical experience in similar roles</li>
<li>Proven ability to design and implement strategic programs that drive impact across teams, while also acting as a hands-on problem solver who coaches effectively but can also jump in as a player when needed</li>
<li>Excellent verbal and written communication skills with practitioner and executive audiences, including the ability to present complex technical concepts clearly and concisely to both technical and non-technical audiences</li>
<li>Demonstrated success collaborating with cross-functional partners, including Sales, Product, Customer Success, Partners, and Support</li>
<li>You embody our values and can thrive in a constantly evolving and growing environment</li>
</ul>
<h4>While not required, it’s an added plus if you also have:</h4>
<ul>
<li>Experience with developer personas and dev tools, with knowledge of light scripting, querying, or prototyping</li>
<li>Practical experience using or working with Figma</li>
<li>Experience leading teams across multiple time zones</li>
</ul>
<div class="section page-centered">At Figma, one of our values is Grow as you go. We believe in hiring smart, curious people who are excited to learn and develop their skills. If you’re excited about this role but your past experience doesn’t align perfectly with the points outlined in the job description, we encourage you to apply anyways. You may be just the right candidate for this or other roles.</div>
</div><div class="content-conclusion"><p>At Figma we celebrate and support our differences. We know employing a team rich in diverse thoughts, experiences, and opinions allows our employees, our product and our community to flourish. Figma is an <a href="https://www.eeoc.gov/sites/default/files/2022-10/EEOC\_KnowYourRights\_screen\_reader\_10\_20.pdf">equal opportunity workplace</a> - we are dedicated to equal employment opportunities regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity/expression, veteran status<strong>, </strong>or any other characteristic protected by law. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements.</p>
<p>We will work to ensure individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to apply for a role, participate in the interview process, perform essential job functions, and receive other benefits and privileges of employment. If you require accommodation, please reach out to <a href="mailto:accommodations-ext@figma.com">accommodations-ext@figma.com</a>. These modifications enable an individual with a disability to have an equal opportunity not only to get a job, but successfully perform their job tasks to the same extent as people without disabilities.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Examples of accommodations include but are not limited to:&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>Holding interviews in an accessible location</li>
<li>Enabling closed captioning on video conferencing</li>
<li>Ensuring all written communication be compatible with screen readers</li>
<li>Changing the mode or format of interviews&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p>To ensure the integrity of our hiring process and facilitate a more personal connection, we require all candidates keep their cameras on during video interviews. Additionally, if hired you will be required to attend in person onboarding.</p>
<p>By applying for this job, the candidate acknowledges and agrees that any personal data contained in their application or supporting materials will be processed in accordance with <a class="c-link c-link--underline" href="https://www.figma.com/legal/candidate-privacy-notice/" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://www.figma.com/legal/candidate-privacy-notice/" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">Figma's Candidate Privacy Notice</a>.</p></div>