Contentsquare is the all-in-one experience intelligence platform designed to be easily used by anyone who cares about digital journeys. With our flexible and scalable platform, organizations quickly get a deep understanding of their customers’ whole online journey.

We are a global leader in the experience analytics space, with a growing presence across 15 offices worldwide. We’re here to stay—and we’re looking for team members who are excited to drive impact and help us scale even further.

Our aim is to create an inclusive workplace where everyone learns and succeeds. Contentsquare has built a community of individuals who are daring, understanding, and deliberate. We invite you to join us in making the complex simpler—for our customers, their customers, and each other.

*Important note: Be careful of scammers pretending to be from Contentsquare. We will never ask for money or contact you through random texts. Any communication from our in house Talent Acquisition team will only ever come from our [contentsquare.com](http://contentsquare.com) or @contentsquare-ext.com domain. For more information, visit our careers blog.*

**About the job**

As part of the People & Culture team, the People Business Partner will support a dynamic, fast-growing business unit at Contentsquare, partnering closely with senior leaders to drive impactful people strategies. In this role, you will act as a trusted advisor on all people-related topics, balancing strategic guidance with hands-on execution to enable high performance, engagement, and organizational effectiveness. Success in this position looks like building strong leadership capability, proactively managing change, and fostering a culture aligned with Contentsquare’s values.

## What you will do

- Partner with the  management  team for all strategic people topics such as workforce planning, succession planning, cost competitiveness, performance management, skills development, employee relations and engagement
- Provide coaching and consultation on people topics to managers and leaders  to improve work relationships, productivity, performance, engagement and employees’ experience in their teams
- Anticipate and plan for the effects of organization change, identify risks and develop action plans to ensure the success
- Ensure leadership continuity and development through talent management processes. This involves collaboration with L&D and the CoE teams to promote learning and knowledge development
- Promote an organization climate based on Contentsquare values and culture, to deepen the adoption of these values and strengthen employee’s engagement and performance
- Collaborate with HR partners from other groups,  TA, CoE, Finance and legal to execute and deliver people topics.

## What you’ll need to succeed

- Proven track record as HRBP in fast -paced global companies
- Solid knowledge of French labor law requirements. Knowledge of labor law in other European countries would be an advantage
- Expertise in developing trusting relationships at all levels- from entry to c-suite
- Service-oriented
- Demonstrated ability to manage human resources at both the strategic and tactical levels
- Ability to be a steward of the company’s values, championing Diversity & Inclusion
- Demonstrate multicultural and global experience understanding how to enable cross cultural collaboration
- Project management skills, with the ability to manage multiple priorities with cross-functional teams both within HR and across the business
- Strong empathy and change management skills to work through rapid growth and change
- Assertive, able to challenge and ask hard questions, professional and personal integrity
- Results-oriented, have solid analytical and problem-solving skills
- English language fluency
- Collaborate with HR partners from other groups,  TA, CoE, Finance and legal to execute and deliver people topics.

**Why you should join Contentsquare**

We invest in our people through career development, mentorship, social events, philanthropic activities, and competitive benefits. We are always assessing the perks we offer to ensure we’re aligned with the employees' needs.

Here are a few we want to highlight:

- Virtual onboarding, Hackathon, and various opportunities to interact with your team and global colleagues both on and offsite each year

- Work flexibility: hybrid and remote work policies

- Generous paid time-off policy (every location is different)

- Lifestyle allowance

- A Culture Crew in every country we’re based in to coordinate regular activities for employees to get to know each other and bond outside of work

- Every full-time employee receives stock options, allowing them to share in the company’s success

- We have multiple Employee Resource Groups, that offer a safe space for individuals who share common identities, life experiences, or allyship to connect, support one another, and passionately advocate for the issues close to their hearts

- And more benefits tailored to each country

*Contentsquare is an equal opportunity employer. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law.*

*Your personal data is used by Contentsquare for recruitment purposes only. Read our* [*Job Candidate Privacy Notice*](https://contentsquare.com/privacy-center/job-candidate-privacy-notice/) *to find out more about data protection at Contentsquare and your rights. You can exercise your rights by using our dedicated Data Subject Rights Portal* [*here*](https://contentsquare.com/privacy-center/data-subject-request-portal/)*.*

*Your personal data will be securely stored in our hosting provider’s data center in Oregon (US west). We have implemented appropriate transfer mechanisms under applicable data protection laws.*

*Contentsquare may use AI-assisted tools to help review and screen applications. All decisions involving hiring are made by human reviewers, and your personal data will be processed in accordance with our*[*Candidate Privacy Policy*](https://contentsquare.com/fr-fr/privacy-center/job-candidate-privacy-notice/)*.*