<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>Canonical is a leading provider of open source software and operating systems to the global enterprise and technology markets. Our platform, Ubuntu, is very widely used in breakthrough enterprise initiatives such as public cloud, data science, AI, engineering innovation, and IoT. Our customers include the world's leading public cloud and silicon providers, and industry leaders in many sectors. The company is a pioneer of global distributed collaboration, with 1200+ colleagues in 75+ countries and very few office-based roles. Teams meet two to four times yearly in person, in interesting locations around the world, to align on strategy and execution.</p>
<p>The company is founder-led, profitable, and growing.</p>
<p>We are hiring a&nbsp;<strong>Revenue Accounting Manager,</strong> ideally a candidate with a passion for systems accounting, to drive revenue recognition process, decisions, systems and reporting.</p>
<p>In our finance function we aspire to set the industry pace for speed and accuracy of reporting. We aim to achieve this by driving our product pricing and terms, contracting, sales processes and systems into alignment.</p>
<p>We are looking for a <strong>professionally qualified accounting leader with expertise in IFRS 15/ASC 606</strong> to build scalable contract review and revenue recognition processes. This lead will work across teams including product management, legal, FP&amp;A, sales operations and commercial business systems to align understanding and ensure that the accounting and revenue recognition treatment of contracts and products is straightforward and correct, with a very high level of automation. Perhaps unusually we <strong>prefer a leader with deep personal interest in the software and technology industry, and ideally some data analytics and software engineering experience</strong>. The Revenue Accounting Manager will ensure the proper application of revenue accounting guidance for public market scrutiny.&nbsp;</p>
<p>This is a management position which requires confidence in presentation, setting goals, and directing the work of others. We expect to grow a team focused on revenue, with a particular emphasis on systems and automation, that puts us at the top of the leaderboard for clarity, correctness, transparency and speed of reporting as a global tech company.</p>
<p><strong>Location:&nbsp;</strong>This role is home-based in EMEA time zones, with the option to be based in our London office. It will report to our Global Financial Controller.</p>
<h3>Key responsibilities</h3>
<ul>
<li>Collaborate with Product Management, Sales Operations, Sales, Legal, and FP&amp;A teams to design standard contracts</li>
<li>Drive process and configuration improvements in NetSuite and related systems for end-to-end automation of the revenue life cycle</li>
<li>Incorporate industry best practices and emerging technology to raise the bar for reporting speed and accuracy</li>
<li>Review and evaluate the revenue recognition impact of non-standard contracts and new products</li>
<li>Lead, mentor and develop a team of revenue accounting and systems accounting professionals</li>
<li>Assist in month-end revenue close, including reconciliations, fluctuation analysis, and other reporting</li>
<li>Develop and maintain effective internal controls over revenue transactions and reporting</li>
<li>Research and write accounting memos on significant revenue recognition and other related policy matters</li>
<li>Act as the primary liaison with external auditors in matters related to order-to-cash</li>
</ul>
<h3>Valued skills and experience</h3>
<ul>
<li>An exceptional academic track record from both high school and university</li>
<li>An undergraduate degree in Accounting or Finance, or a compelling narrative about your alternative chosen path</li>
<li>CPA, CA or equivalent with excellent technical accounting skills and IFRS experience</li>
<li>A detailed understanding of IFRS 15 and relevant rules related to SaaS and services</li>
<li>Leadership or management responsibility</li>
<li>A track record of going above-and-beyond expectations</li>
<li>Experience of software licensing, subscription and services revenue accounting and operations</li>
<li>Experience driving revenue recognition and scaling accounting processes in a high-growth environment</li>
<li>Experience with ERP, Rev Rec, CRM, CPQ and other relevant software categories -&nbsp;NetSuite and Salesforce preferred</li>
<li>Experience in a multi-country multi-currency, operations and tax environment</li>
<li>Professional written and spoken English&nbsp;</li>
<li>Excellent interpersonal skills, curiosity, flexibility, and accountability&nbsp;</li>
<li>Thoughtfulness and self-motivation&nbsp;</li>
<li>Result-oriented, with a personal drive to meet commitments&nbsp;</li>
<li>Ability to travel twice a year, for company events up to two weeks long</li>
</ul>
<h3>Additional, optional skills we value</h3>
<ul>
<li>Public company reporting and revenue accounting experience</li>
<li>Software implementation, integration and user acceptance</li>
<li>Software engineering qualification or experience</li>
<li>A passion for technology and a desire to work with motivated colleagues</li>
<li>MBA or other relevant business degree</li>
</ul>
<h3>&nbsp;</h3>
<h3><strong>What we offer colleagues</strong></h3>
<p>We consider geographical location, experience, and performance in shaping compensation worldwide. We revisit compensation annually (and more often for graduates and associates) to ensure we recognize outstanding performance. In addition to base pay, we offer a performance-driven annual bonus or commission. We provide all team members with additional benefits which reflect our values and ideals. We balance our programs to meet local needs and ensure fairness globally.</p>
<ul>
<li>Distributed work environment with twice-yearly team sprints in person</li>
<li>Personal learning and development budget of USD 2,000 per year</li>
<li>Annual compensation review</li>
<li>Recognition rewards</li>
<li>Annual holiday leave</li>
<li>Maternity and paternity leave</li>
<li>Team Member Assistance Program &amp; Wellness Platform</li>
<li>Opportunity to travel to new locations to meet colleagues</li>
<li>Priority Pass and travel upgrades for long-haul company events</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>About Canonical</strong></h3>
<p>Canonical is a pioneering tech firm at the forefront of the global move to open source. As the company that publishes Ubuntu, one of the most important open-source projects and the platform for AI, IoT, and the cloud, we are changing the world of software. We recruit on a global basis and set a very high standard for people joining the company. We expect excellence; in order to succeed, we need to be the best at what we do. Most colleagues at Canonical have worked from home since our inception in 2004.​ Working here is a step into the future and will challenge you to think differently, work smarter, learn new skills, and raise your game.</p>
<p><strong>Canonical is an equal opportunity employer</strong></p>
<p>We are proud to foster a workplace free from discrimination. Diversity of experience, perspectives, and background create a better work environment and better products.<a href="https://canonical.com/careers/diversity/identity">&nbsp;Whatever your identity, we will give your application fair consideration.</a></p>
<p>#LI-remote</p>
<h3>&nbsp;</h3>