<p><strong>THE POSITION<br></strong>Our roster has an opening with your name on it</p>
<p>As a Senior Software Engineer within one of FanDuel’s Risk Management Automation teams, you will be an essential part of a cross functional agile team that directly impacts our business. You will work collaboratively with a team to implement creative, high-quality solutions, scope effort and timelines, and balance priorities of our stakeholders and engineering needs. Your team will work closely together to deliver exceptionally high-quality software, while taking pride and ownership in testing, deploying, monitoring, and maintaining that software. Our engineers own every part of the software delivery lifecycle.&nbsp;</p>
<p>You will work directly with risk managers at FanDuel to improve the major automated risk management platforms. You will be a domain expert on automated risk implementation and how that fits into the larger Risk and Trading landscape. You will go beyond the software developer role and will be called upon to identify opportunities yourself in the risk automation space to innovate through technology. In addition to the specific responsibilities outlined above, employees may be required to perform other such duties as assigned by the Company. This ensures operational flexibility and allows the Company to meet evolving business needs.</p>
<p>In addition to the specific responsibilities outlined above, employees may be required to perform other such duties as assigned by the Company. This ensures operational flexibility and allows the Company to meet evolving business needs.<br><br><br></p>
<p><strong>THE GAME PLAN</strong><br>Everyone on our team has a part to play</p>
<p>You are a significant and autonomous contributor. Your work is consistently of high quality. You solve difficult problems, applying appropriate technologies and best practices. You work with your team to invent, design and build software that is stable and performant. You are proficient in a broad range of design approaches and know when it is appropriate to use them and when it is not. Your solutions are pragmatic. You consider the legacy of the code you produce and write code that an SDE unfamiliar with the system can understand. You limit the use of short-term workarounds. You do things with the proper level of complexity the first time (or at least minimize incidental complexity). You create flexible software without over-engineering. You make appropriate trade-offs, re-use where possible, and are judicious about introducing dependencies. You are efficient with resource usage (e.g., system hardware, database, memory/CPU, etc.).</p>
<p>We are looking for engineers to actively engage in technical discussions, assist in designing and implementing solutions, pair program with our more junior engineers, and deliver constant improvements to our systems. We want you to be excited about constantly learning and driving your professional development. You should have most, or all, of the following skills:&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>You have deep experience with C Sharp and backend systems.</li>
<li>You have experience working directly with stakeholders/end users.</li>
<li>You write simple and extendable code following standards and best practices.</li>
<li>You test your code thoroughly</li>
<li>You help balance customer requirements with the team requirements</li>
<li>You help your team evolve by actively participating in the code review process, design discussions, team planning, and ticket/metric/COE reviews</li>
<li>You classify, store, and handle data in accordance with FanDuel policies</li>
<li>You track security risks and mitigate and/or escalate them in a timely manner</li>
<li>You focus on operational excellence, constructively identifying problems and proposing solutions</li>
<li>You take on projects and make software enhancements that improve the team software and processes</li>
<li>You work to resolve the root cause of complex problems, leaving software better and easier to maintain than when you found it</li>
<li>You can train new team-mates on how your team's software is constructed, how it operates, how secure it is, and how it fits into the bigger picture</li>
<li>You foster a constructive dialogue and seek resolutions in a professional way</li>
<li>You help recruit and interview for your team</li>
<li>You estimate stories/tasks accurately and deliver them in time</li>
<li>You mentor and help to develop others</li>
<li>On-call rotation where required. You provide excellent customer support</li>
<li>You keep yourself up to date with market standards, open-source frameworks</li>
<li>Most importantly, you are humble, pragmatic, self-managed, thirsty for knowledge, never satisfied and always challenging the norm. Responsible for the state of the code you both inherit and produce</li>
<li>Creative problem-solving ability&nbsp;</li>
<li>A passion for learning and always getting better</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>THE STATS</strong><br>What we're looking for in our next teammate</p>
<ul>
<li>Degree in Computer Science, Data Science, Engineering.</li>
<li>5 or more years of industry experience in a Software Engineering field, Machine Learning, Data Science, Finance Engineering</li>
<li>Proficient in building services with modern OOP languages, C# is essential.</li>
<li>A fundamental understanding of data structures and algorithms.</li>
<li>Proficient in working with GitOps Patterns</li>
<li>Experience working with CI/CD pipeline tooling (BuildKite and GitHub Actions knowledge is beneficial).</li>
<li>Experience working with cloud-based infrastructure and technologies.</li>
<li>Knowledge of AWS with API gateway/workflow orchestration/lambda/serverless applications.</li>
<li>Knowledge of infrastructure as code is nice to have, notably Terraform and Helm.</li>
<li>Experience interacting and designing relational databases.</li>
<li>Experience with streaming technologies (Kafka is nice to have).</li>
<li>Ability to document code, research, and designs clearly (Jira and Confluence experience nice to have).</li>
<li>Proficiency in translating requirements into design and developing applications.</li>
<li>Understanding of containers (e.g. Docker), and orchestration (Kubernetes).</li>
<li>Demonstrated abilities driving operational excellence and on call support.</li>
<li>Experience with unit testing, testing tools, integrating testing and best-quality practices into an SDLC.</li>
<li>Experience working in an Agile environment.<br><br><br></li>
</ul>
<p style="text-align: center;"><strong>ABOUT FANDUEL</strong></p>
<p>FanDuel Group is the premier mobile gaming company in the United States and Canada. FanDuel Group consists of a portfolio of leading brands across mobile wagering including: America’s #1 Sportsbook, FanDuel Sportsbook; its leading iGaming platform, FanDuel Casino; the industry’s unquestioned leader in horse racing and advance-deposit wagering, FanDuel Racing; and its daily fantasy sports product. &nbsp;</p>
<p>In addition, FanDuel Group operates FanDuel TV, its broadly distributed linear cable television network and FanDuel TV+, its leading direct-to-consumer OTT platform. FanDuel Group has a presence across all 50 states, Canada, and Puerto Rico.</p>
<p>The company is based in New York with US offices in Los Angeles, Atlanta, and Jersey City, as well as global offices in Canada and Scotland. The company’s affiliates have offices worldwide, including in Ireland, Portugal, Romania, and Australia.</p>
<p>FanDuel Group is a subsidiary of Flutter Entertainment, the world's largest sports betting and gaming operator with a portfolio of globally recognized brands and traded on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE: FLUT).<br><br><br></p>
<p><strong>PLAYER BENEFITS</strong><br>We treat our team right</p>
<p>We offer amazing benefits above and beyond the basics. We have an array of health plans to choose from (some as low as $0 per paycheck) that include programs for fertility and family planning, mental health support, and fitness benefits. We offer generous paid time off (PTO &amp; sick leave), annual bonus and long-term incentive opportunities (based on performance), 401k with up to a 5% match, commuter benefits , pet insurance, and more - check out all our benefits here:&nbsp;<a href="https://fanduelbenefits.com/"><strong>FanDuel Total Rewards</strong></a>. \*Benefits differ across location, role, and level.</p>
<p style="text-align: center;">FanDuel is an equal opportunities employer and we believe, as one of our principles states, “We are One Team!”. As such, we are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ethnicity, ancestry, religion, creed, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship status, marital status, disability, gender identity, gender expression, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by state, local or federal law. We believe FanDuel is strongest and best able to compete if all employees feel valued, respected, and included.<br><br></p>
<p style="text-align: center;"><strong><em>The applicable salary range for this position is $149,000 - $195,300 USD, which is dependent on a variety of factors including relevant experience, location, business needs and market demand. This role may offer the following benefits: medical, vision, and dental insurance; life insurance; disability insurance; a 401(k) matching program; among other employee benefits. This role may also be eligible for short-term or long-term incentive compensation, including, but not limited to, cash bonuses and stock program participation. This role includes paid personal time off and 14 paid company holidays. FanDuel offers paid sick time in accordance with all applicable state and federal laws.</em></strong></p>
<p style="text-align: center;"><strong><em>FanDuel is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities. If you have a disability and need a workplace accommodation or adjustment during the application and hiring process, including support for the interview or onboarding process, please email<span class="Apple-converted-space">&nbsp;</span><a class="ms-outlook-linkify" href="mailto:Benefits@fanduel.com">Benefits@fanduel.com</a>.</em></strong></p>
<p style="text-align: center;"><strong><em>It is unlawful in Massachusetts to require or administer a lie detector test as a condition of employment or continued employment. An employer who violates this law shall be subject to criminal penalties and civil liability.</em></strong></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>#LI-Hybrid</p>