<div class="content-intro"><p>We are a global team of innovators and pioneers dedicated to shaping the future of observability. At New Relic, we build an intelligent platform that empowers companies to thrive in an AI-first world by giving them unparalleled insight into their complex systems. As we continue to expand our global footprint, we're looking for passionate people to join our mission. If you're ready to help the world's best companies optimize their digital applications, we invite you to explore a career with us!</p></div><h3><strong>Your Opportunity&nbsp;</strong></h3>
<p>Join our high-performing sales team as a Senior Account Executive, dedicated to driving significant expansion and strategic adoption within a named portfolio of our most critical enterprise customers across Spain. You will be the orchestrator of value, translating complex technical observability capabilities into quantifiable business outcomes&nbsp;</p>
<h3><strong>What You'll Do</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li><strong>Orchestrate Value:</strong> Develop and execute detailed, multi-year strategic account plans for a defined portfolio of high-value, complex enterprise customers.</li>
<li><strong>Executive Alignment:</strong> Establish deep, trusted-advisor relationships with key decision-makers, including CTOs, VPs of Engineering, and SRE/DevOps leadership, aligning our observability platform with their critical business initiatives and digital transformation goals.</li>
<li><strong>Drive Enterprise Growth:</strong> Proactively identify, qualify, and close complex six-figure and seven-figure expansion opportunities (upsell, cross-sell) by deeply understanding the customer's technical architecture, developer workflow, and evolving monitoring needs.</li>
<li><strong>Lead the Virtual Team:</strong> Masterfully lead and coordinate the virtual account team, including Solution Consultants, SDRs and Marketing&nbsp; ensuring a cohesive and sophisticated customer engagement strategy throughout the sales cycle.</li>
<li><strong>Forecasting Excellence:</strong> Maintain an impeccable sales pipeline and deliver accurate quarterly and annual forecasts using Salesforce, providing insightful analysis on deal health and strategic next steps.</li>
<li><strong>Negotiation &amp; Closure:</strong> Lead negotiations for large-scale, enterprise-level agreements and renewals, managing procurement processes and legal complexities efficiently.</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>Your Qualifications</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li><strong>Extensive experience and </strong>successful experience in a quota-carrying, <strong>enterprise-focused B2B SaaS sales role</strong>, with significant experience in expansion and complex renewals.</li>
<li><strong>Enterprise Selling Skills:</strong> Proven ability to manage multi-stakeholder, 6- and 7-figure deals with a sales cycle exceeding 6 months, demonstrating command of MEDDPIC/Challenger/Value-based selling methodologies.</li>
<li><strong>Executive Communication:</strong> Exceptional ability to communicate highly technical concepts to both technical leaders&nbsp; and business executives in a clear, compelling, and financially sound manner.</li>
<li>&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>Please note that visa sponsorship is not available for this position</p>
<p>#LI-RM1 #LI-Remote&nbsp;</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p>Fostering a diverse, welcoming and inclusive environment is important to us. We work hard to make everyone feel comfortable bringing their best, most authentic selves to work every day. We celebrate our talented Relics’ different backgrounds and abilities, and recognize the different paths they took to reach us – including nontraditional ones. Their experiences and perspectives inspire us to make our products and company the best they can be. We’re looking for people who feel connected to our mission and values, not just candidates who check off all the boxes.&nbsp;</p>
<p>If you require a reasonable accommodation to complete any part of the application or recruiting process, please reach out to <a href="mailto:resume@newrelic.com" target="\_blank">resume@newrelic.com</a>.</p>
<p>We believe in empowering all Relics to achieve professional and business success through a flexible workforce model. This model allows us to work in a variety of workplaces that best support our success, including fully office-based, fully remote, or hybrid.</p>
<p><strong>Our hiring process</strong><br><br>In compliance with applicable law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work and to complete employment eligibility verification. Note: Our stewardship of the data of thousands of customers means that a criminal background check is required to join New Relic.<br><br>We will consider qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records based on individual circumstances and in accordance with applicable law including, but not limited to, the&nbsp;<a href="https://sfgov.org/olse/sites/default/files/FCO%20poster2020.pdf" target="\_blank">San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance</a>.<br><br>Headhunters and recruitment agencies may not submit resumes/CVs through this website or directly to managers. New Relic does not accept unsolicited headhunter and agency resumes, and will not pay fees to any third-party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with New Relic.</p>
<p>New Relic develops and distributes encryption software and technology that complies with U.S. export controls and licensing requirements. Certain New Relic roles require candidates to pass an export compliance assessment as a condition of employment in any global location. If relevant, we will provide more information later in the application process.</p>
<p>Candidates are evaluated based on qualifications, regardless of race, religion, ethnicity, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender expression or identity, age, disability, neurodiversity, veteran or marital status, political viewpoint, or other legally protected characteristics.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Review our Applicant Privacy Notice at&nbsp;<a href="https://newrelic.com/termsandconditions/applicant-privacy-policy" target="\_blank">https://newrelic.com/termsandconditions/applicant-privacy-policy</a></p></div>