At Sysdig, we believe cloud security isn't a compromise - it's a promise. From the start, our mission has been clear: to help organizations secure innovation in the cloud, the right way.

We created Falco, the open standard for cloud threat detection, and continue to lead the cloud security market with runtime insights, open innovation, and agentic Al. Creators of technology trusted by over 60% of the Fortune 500, Sysdig gives teams the real-time clarity to move fast and defend what matters most.

Culture matters here. We believe diversity fuels stronger ideas, and open dialogue drives sharper decisions. Recognized as a Best Place to Work and one of Deloitte's fastest-growing companies for the past 5 years, we're here to raise the standard for what cloud security and workplace culture should be.

If you have the passion to dig deeper, the desire to challenge convention, and the curiosity to build something better, Sysdig is the right place for you.

## What you will do

- Reporting to the Engineering Manager, you will be part of a team of expert developers building the core distributed systems that power the Sysdig platform at scale.
- Collaborate with colleagues in product and design to define feature specifications and timelines.
- Be part of an amazing team where the primary goal for everybody is to work together to build the best product we can. We enjoy what we do and we always aim to get better.
- Participate in an on-call rotation to address any urgent issues.

## What you will bring with you

- Advanced coding skills, with 5+ years of experience in Java or Golang Backend, such as RESTful API design and microservice-based architectures.
- Hands-on experience building horizontally scalable components and event-driven architectures using messaging and streaming platforms like Redis, Kafka, NATS, Apache Flink, or similar.
- Proficiency with testing methodologies, such as unit testing and integration testing.
- We appreciate experience observability topics (metrics, logging, tracing) and tools (e.g., Prometheus, Grafana, Jaeger, Elastic Stack, or similar).
- Experience operating in Kubernetes and Cloud providers (AWS, GCP, Azure) is desirable.

## What we look for

- You are willing to participate in professional development activities to stay current with industry trends and improve.
- You are fluent in English with the proficiency to collaborate with a global team while expressing your thoughts and ideas, contributing to both technical and product discussions and seeing them come to fruition.
- You are willing to code and learn in different languages primarily in Java but also in Golang and Python

## When you join Sysdig, you can expect:

- Extra days off to prioritize your well-being
- Mental health support for you and your family through the Modern Health app
- Great compensation package

We would love for you to join us! Please reach out even if your experience doesn't perfectly match the job description. We can always explore other options after starting the conversation. Your background and passion will set you apart, especially if your career path is different.

Some of our Hiring Managers are globally distributed, an English version of your CV will be appreciated.

*Sysdig values a diverse workplace and encourages women, people of color, LGBTQIA+ individuals, people with disabilities, members of ethnic minorities, foreign-born residents, and veterans to apply. Sysdig is an equal-opportunity employer. Sysdig does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity, or any other legally protected status.*

*#LI-FP1*

*#LI-Remote*