<div class="content-intro"><div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
<div>
<p>At Cloudflare, we are on a mission to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers millions of websites and other Internet properties for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.&nbsp;</p>
<p>At Cloudflare, we’re not looking for people who wait for a polished roadmap; we’re looking for the builders who see the cracks in the Internet that everyone else has simply learned to live with. We value candidates who have the instinct to spot a "normalized" problem and the AI-native curiosity to create a solution using the latest tools. Our culture is built on iteration, leveraging AI to ship faster today to make it better tomorrow, while ensuring that every improvement, no matter how small, is shared across the team to lift everyone up. If you’re the type of person who values curiosity over bureaucracy, and that AI is a partner in solving tough problems to keep the Internet moving forward, you’ll fit right in.</p>
</div></div><h4><strong>Available Location: London/Europe</strong></h4>
<p><strong>Position Overview</strong><strong><br></strong>We are seeking a highly motivated and experienced DevOps manager for our Professional Services team. This role is responsible for leading the management and execution of the efforts to establish a globally centralised capability for development to automation tooling for migration and deployment projects. As Cloudflare is experiencing exceptional growth there is a need to change the paradigm on how we migrate customers to the Cloudflare platform and deploy Cloudflare solutions. Focusing on driving Professional services efficiency, repeatability and enabling Cloudflare partners to lower the barriers to highly successful migrations and deployment are key success criteria for this role. The ultimate goal here is to reduce manual workload and error, increase repeatability and bring innovation through thoughtful and measured provision of automated tooling for experienced Professional Consultants both within Cloudflare as well within our partner community.</p>
<p>The ideal candidate should have a strong background in professional services delivery, SaaS industry experience, program/project management and demonstrable experience in building high quality automation / tooling used within a professional services organisation. We believe that putting our people first, and fostering a creative, exciting, and stimulating environment is a prerequisite to achieving and surpassing our commercial goals.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Responsibilities</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Creating a roadmap for the creation of automation / tooling for each of the Cloudflare product sets (Application Security solutions, Network Solutions and Zero Trust Solutions)</li>
<li>Establish and maintain relationships with key stakeholders such as PS practice leaders, PS management, Product Management, Engineering and Channel leaders.</li>
<li>Drive customer satisfaction by ensuring that professional services engagements become highly repetitive and efficient through use of tooling/automation.</li>
<li>Collaborate with practice leaders to implement processes and methodologies that improve the efficiency and effectiveness of professional services delivery by using tooling/automation.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Create and execute a strategy to drive adoption of tooling/automation during professional services engagements.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Capacity planning for the resources/staff required to create&nbsp; tooling and automation - build the business case to create a team commensurate with Cloudflare PS growth.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Ensure sustaining engineering of created tooling and automation is catered for as Cloudflare solutions set evolve and become more feature rich.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Desired Skills</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Strong communication, interpersonal, teamwork, and organisational skills with superior verbal and written communication skills</li>
<li>Proven ability to consistently and positively contribute in a high-paced, changing work environment with the ability to prioritise multiple functions and tasks and manage work time efficiently</li>
<li>Self-directed, detail-oriented problem-solver with a burning desire to contribute to the organization's reputation and success</li>
<li>Strong analytical skills including data analysis and presentation&nbsp;&nbsp;</li>
<li>Strong Devops skills and familiarity with a range of software development methodologies.</li>
<li>Ability to learn quickly so as to ensure tooling is developed on Cloudflare's worker and worker AI platforms as a preference.</li>
<li>Leadership skills that help you lead the development of tooling / automation with little to no supervision.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Ability to manage several competing priorities and stakeholders while building excellent cross-functional relationships.</li>
<li>Ability to engage up and down the organization (including SVP+) with confidence, poise, and gravitas.</li>
<li>Highly organised and self-motivated to create and execute assigned / agreed deliverables.</li>
<li>Comfort in the ambiguity of changing priorities and flexibility to new ideas within a fast-paced environment.</li>
<li>Strong attention to detail and craftsmanship, with a knack for prioritisation and scoping</li>
<li>Exceptional written and interpersonal communication skills.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Qualifications</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Minimum of 10 years of experience in professional services within an IT vendor environment.&nbsp;</li>
<li>5+ years of experience building or leading a team that builds tooling for use by Professional services organisations.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Proven track record of working across global stakeholders and making strategic recommendations to evolve high-profile, high-impact Projects.</li>
<li>Excellent spoken and written communication as well as receptive listening skills with the ability to present to different audiences.</li>
<li>Must be highly organised and possess exceptional time management skills, with the ability to effectively juggle multiple projects and deadlines</li>
<li>Sound business judgment, a proven ability to influence others, analytical skills, and a proven track record of taking ownership, leading data-driven analyses, and influencing results.</li>
<li>Good understanding of how the Internet works, Networking and Security, Zero Trust Services/SASE, DNS, TCP/IP, HTTP, TLS, APIs, Terraform, Ansible and related technologies</li>
<li>Fluency in English (written and oral) is a must. Fluency in one or more additional regional languages is a plus.</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: Since 2014, we've equipped more than 2,400 journalism and civil society organizations in 111 countries with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: In 2017, we created the Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration. Since the project, we've provided services to more than 425 local government election websites in 33 states.</span></p>
<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Please note that applicants who progress to the offer stage of the interview process may be asked to attend an in-person interview within one of the Cloudflare Offices or Cloudflare Hubs.&nbsp; More details about this will be available at that stage of the interview process.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p></div>