Founded in 2013, Voodoo is a tech company that creates mobile games and apps with a mission to entertain the world. Gathering 800 employees, 7 billion downloads, and over 200 million active users, Voodoo is the #3 mobile publisher worldwide in terms of downloads after Google and Meta. Our portfolio includes chart-topping games like Mob Control and Block Jam, alongside popular apps such as BeReal and Wizz.

**Team**

BeReal is the fastest growing and most exciting mobile social app of the 2020s. With 23 million monthly active users including 5 million in the US only, the app has become a daily routine for GenZ with innovative content and high engagement.

**Role**

As Voodoo is integrating BeReal, the company is looking to grow its sales team around the world to drive ad sales to agencies and brands. As BeReal’s Sales Manager, you will be participating in designing and executing the local Spanish sales strategy by selling traditional and innovative ad inventory to key brands.

- Identify, source, pitch, define, negotiate, close, and manage digital advertising revenue
- Build awareness and adoption around BeReal offering with client presentations, conference attendance and networking events.
- Combine new business development and sales skills with long-term relationship management.
- Engage with small and mid-market clients to drive deal growth in the long-term.
- Communicate effectively internally to coordinate resources (Ads Ops, Publishing Management, User acquisition, etc...) and effectively sell our inventory

## Profile

- You have 5 years of experience in digital ad sales in Spain with an outstanding track record in selling ad products to final clients.
- Social media mobile experience is a strong plus.
- You have a strong track record for outbound lead generation and business development.
- A high degree of creativity, self-motivation, and drive.
- An expert in managing a portfolio of clients and understanding the mobile ecosystem in a way that you can respond thoroughly and persuasively to the client’s needs and questions.