<p>The Strategic Builder Relations Team at MongoDB is focused on enabling our largest and most important customers to use MongoDB technology effectively. This team is the tip of the spear within our strategic accounts, working with these customers' developers, as well as key MongoDB stakeholders (e.g., sales, marketing), to encourage adoption of MongoDB solutions within these accounts. The mission of this team is to capture the imagination of new and potential MongoDB users within these accounts, to enable developers as they begin their MongoDB journey, and to guide development teams as they design for new or replatformed workloads.<br>We're seeking a Staff Developer Advocate to join our Strategic Builder Relations team to focus on driving enablement within MongoDB's most strategic accounts. Our mission is to capture the imagination of new and potential MongoDB developers within these accounts, to enable developers as they begin their MongoDB journey, and to lead developers in designs for new or replatformed workloads. Our team increases developers’ effective use of MongoDB and reduces the time it takes for developers to meaningfully use the platform. As a member of Strategic Builder Relations, you will join a team of our most experienced engineers, help evolve the program to broaden and deepen its scope, and deliver campus-scale and team-scale events to customers throughout the world. If you’re passionate about data and helping developers to engineer some of the most performant, scalable, and efficient solutions of their careers, then join us in shaping the future of development on MongoDB.</p>
<p>Our Builder Relations teams are distributed around the world and a majority of the group works remotely. Please check out our <a href="https://www.mongodb.com/developer/">latest content and activity</a> to see what our team is up to.<br><br>This role can be based out of our Portland office or remotely in the Oregon region.</p>
<h3>Candidate Profile</h3>
<p>As a Developer Advocate on the Strategics team, you are an accomplished developer ready to peer, mentor, and lead development teams as they solve their enterprise's most critical data issues. You are known for your deep MongoDB expertise (or familiarity with other data technologies and the ability to quickly become proficient in MongoDB), your insight into developer enablement programs, and your ability to guide development teams in the adoption of new technologies. You’re an excellent public speaker and are comfortable delivering live enablement sessions to technical audiences of 40 to 400. Your recent experience includes consulting with developers on data-related challenges and moving them toward solutions for their real-world performance and scalability problems. As a bonus, your experience also includes exercising soft leadership with decision makers in organizations for defining, adopting, and scaling data-related technologies.<br>With a combination of at least 10 years of solutions development and consulting experience, you have a deep understanding of developer ecosystems and how developers best acquire fluency in new technologies. You have a robust working knowledge of databases, database performance, schema design, and optimizing production applications at scale. You employ a well-developed consulting method that allows you to quickly triage situations to understand the most critical issues at hand and to address them efficiently.&nbsp; Finally, you excel at explaining complex technical concepts in simple terms and have a natural ability to connect and communicate with developers of various skill levels.<br>Collaboration and empowerment are at the heart of this team’s work style. You'll work closely with other team members to create and refine content, to deliver events, and to share insights, techniques, and best practices with the larger MongoDB team and with the broader developer community. Your focus is not just on individual success but on success of the entire team, consistent with MongoDB's value of Building Together.</p>
<h3>Position Expectations</h3>
<ul>
<li>Become a recognized Subject Matter Expert on document schema design</li>
<li>Develop a deep understanding of core MongoDB database functionality and Atlas features such as Search, Vector Search, Data Federation, Online Archive, Streaming, and Edge</li>
<li>Deliver design review sessions to customer development teams in order to guide their design and use of MongoDB document schemas in the context of their specific workload</li>
<li>Share general insights gathered from design review sessions to inform team members and enable other developers</li>
<li>Deliver live developer enablement sessions to audiences of 40 to 400 developers</li>
<li>Collaborate with product, marketing, and other Builder Relations teams to develop effective enablement content for developers within strategic accounts</li>
<li>Be an active participant in refining and evolving our practice by using your experience in database technologies, developer practices, and developer enablement</li>
<li>Lead by example and mentor other team members including surrounding ecosystem of Solutions Architects and Marketing partners</li>
<li>Attain a scope of responsibilities beyond the immediate team and into the surround Marketing ecosystem and greater MongoDB organization</li>
</ul>
<h3>Requirements</h3>
<ul>
<li>At least 7 years of experience working with development teams in design of document schemas and implementation of highly performant and scalable database methods</li>
<li>At least 5 years of experience (or the equivalent) of consulting with development teams as a non-member of the team</li>
<li>Experience in creating effective developer-focused content</li>
<li>Strong presentation skills, with ability in conducting live streams, or public speaking at events</li>
<li>Willingness to travel (up to 40%)</li>
</ul>
<h3>About MongoDB</h3>
<p>MongoDB is built for change, empowering our customers and our people to innovate at the speed of the market. We have redefined the database for the AI era, enabling innovators to create, transform, and disrupt industries with software. MongoDB’s unified database platform, the most widely available, globally distributed database on the market, helps organizations modernize legacy workloads, embrace innovation, and unleash AI. Our cloud-native platform, MongoDB Atlas, is the only globally distributed, multi-cloud database and is available across AWS, Google Cloud, and Microsoft Azure.</p>
<p>With offices worldwide and over 60,000 customers, including 75% of the Fortune 100 and AI-native startups, relying on MongoDB for their most important applications, we’re powering the next era of software.</p>
<p>Our compass at MongoDB is our <a href="https://www.mongodb.com/company">Leadership Commitment,</a> guiding how and why we make decisions, show up for each other, and win. It’s what makes us MongoDB.&nbsp;</p>
<p>To drive the personal growth and business impact of our employees, we’re committed to developing a supportive and enriching culture for everyone. <a href="https://www.mongodb.com/company/blog/culture/employee-benefits-that-make-a-difference-at-mongodb">From employee affinity groups, to fertility assistance and a generous parental leave policy</a>, we value our employees’ wellbeing and want to support them along every step of their professional and personal journeys.<a href="https://www.mongodb.com/blog/channel/culture"> Learn more about what it’s like to work at MongoDB</a>, and help us make an impact on the world!</p>
<p>MongoDB is committed to providing any necessary accommodations for individuals with disabilities within our application and interview process. To request an accommodation due to a disability, please inform your recruiter.</p>
<p>MongoDB, Inc. provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any type and makes all hiring decisions without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws.</p>
<p>Req. ID: 1273418416</p><div class="content-pay-transparency"><div class="pay-input"><div class="description"><p>MongoDB’s base salary range for this role is posted below. Compensation at the time of offer is unique to each candidate and based on a variety of factors such as skill set, experience, qualifications, and work location. Salary is one part of MongoDB’s total compensation and benefits package. Other benefits for eligible employees may include: equity, participation in the employee stock purchase program, flexible paid time off, 20 weeks fully-paid gender-neutral parental leave, fertility and adoption assistance, 401(k) plan, mental health counseling, access to transgender-inclusive health insurance coverage, and health benefits offerings. Please note, the base salary range listed below and the benefits in this paragraph are only applicable to U.S.-based candidates.</p></div><div class="title">MongoDB’s base salary range for this role in the U.S. is:</div><div class="pay-range"><span>$126,000</span><span class="divider">&mdash;</span><span>$248,000 USD</span></div></div></div>