<p>
  <strong>Headquarters:</strong> Remote; Waltham, Massachusetts, United States
</p>

<div class="content-intro"><p>At ZoomInfo, we encourage creativity, value innovation, demand teamwork, expect accountability and cherish results. We value your take charge, take initiative, get stuff done attitude and will help you unlock your growth potential. One great choice can change everything. Thrive with us at ZoomInfo.</p></div><p><strong>&nbsp;</strong></p><br><p><strong>Company Overview:</strong></p><br><p><strong>ZoomInfo (ZI) is a leading go-to-market (GTM) intelligence platform that empowers businesses to modernize their sales and marketing strategies. Our mission is to provide real-time data and insights through our unified engagement platform, enabling sales and marketing teams to find, acquire, and grow customers more effectively. As the Director of Global Data, you will coordinate with a talented team of engineers, researchers, and analysts to build the best product and help our customers unlock insights, engage customers, and win faster.</strong></p><br><p><strong>Role Description:</strong></p><br><p><strong>The Global Data Product Leader </strong>w<strong>ill spearhead ZoomInfo's data expansion efforts into new geographies. You will be responsible for solving complex data problems that impact the way the world's most sophisticated companies approach their go-to-market strategies. Your work will directly influence the daily actions and outcomes of hundreds of thousands of sales and marketing professionals, providing them with an unparalleled advantage in identifying new opportunities.</strong></p><br><p><strong>Key Responsibilities:</strong></p><br><ol><br><li><strong> Own the product lifecycle, from early-stage ideation to successful launch and ongoing monitoring and improvements.</strong></li><br><li><strong> Set the vision and roadmap for the product, ensuring alignment with department and company objectives.</strong></li><br><li><strong> Engage regularly with customers to understand their needs and inform product decisions.</strong></li><br><li><strong> Define and analyze key metrics, implement tracking, analyze data, and translate insights into high-impact product initiatives using tools like Amplitude and Tableau.</strong></li><br><li><strong> Promote a customer-centric culture by setting the standard for putting users first.</strong></li><br><li><strong> Lead and inspire cross-functional teams, including engineers, designers, and marketers, to deliver best-in-class experiences.</strong></li><br><li><strong> Drive organizational alignment by articulating product strategies and providing regular updates to all stakeholders, including executives.</strong></li><br></ol><br><p><strong>Requirements:</strong></p><br><ol><br><li><strong> Passion for data and experience building complex global data products, with a deep understanding of identity and profiling systems.</strong></li><br><li><strong> 10+ years of data and product management experience, with the ability to thrive in ambiguous situations and tackle problems with no clear solutions.</strong></li><br><li><strong> Strong written communication skills, with a proven track record of conveying complex product concepts and strategies to various audiences.</strong></li><br><li><strong> Demonstrated success in driving measurable business outcomes in data-focused products, rallying teams around key performance indicators tied to company goals.</strong></li><br><li><strong> Strong product intuition guided by data, with expertise in leveraging analytics tools like Amplitude and Tableau, and the ability to write SQL or Python to better understand data.</strong></li><br><li><strong> Driven to make a significant impact on ZoomInfo's bottom line by building products that power new business opportunities and revenue streams.</strong></li><br><li><strong> Obsessed with delivering an exceptional customer experience, constantly seeking feedback and turning insights into product improvements.</strong></li><br><li><strong> Energized by design and eager to collaborate with product designers to bring innovative, delightful experiences to life.</strong></li><br></ol><br><p><strong>Success Metrics:</strong></p><br><ol><br><li><strong> Expand ZoomInfo's data offerings outside the US, building viable products that drive revenue in new regions.</strong></li><br><li><strong> Partner with Marketing and GTM teams to ensure users understand our recommender systems and provide feedback for improvement.</strong></li><br><li><strong> Become a trusted partner to Engineering and Data Science teams in solving complex problems, defining requirements, and building metrics to monitor the efficacy and quality of our recommender systems.</strong></li><br><li><strong> Establish yourself as a trusted advisor and partner to customers, prospects, and the industry in understanding how B2B data can streamline their go-to-market operations.</strong></li><br></ol><br><p><strong>Our Culture:</strong></p><br><p><strong>At ZoomInfo, we are relentless in delivering value to clients, outpacing our competition, and tackling difficult problems head-on. We foster an entrepreneurial spirit, encouraging ownership, autonomy, and decision-making while remaining resilient and solutions-oriented. We pride ourselves on being experts in our domain, deeply understanding our customers' needs and the complex problems we solve. Innovation is at the core of who we are, not just in our products but in the way we operate as a lean and efficient organization. Above all, we are one team, working together to win and collaborating to help each other succeed.</strong></p><br><p><strong>How We Work:</strong></p><br><ul><br><li><strong>Be Relentless. </strong>We will be relentless: when we deliver value to clients; when we compete; when we run into difficult problems. We will outpace and outcompete our competition. We are smart, clever, and resourceful in everything we do. Competing with us for the same customers will be a daunting experience.</li><br><li><strong>Be Entrepreneurs. </strong>Entrepreneurs hustle, move fast, take ownership, they have autonomy, and make decisions. They are accountable, but they do not operate in fear, they aren’t afraid to fail. They are resilient, resourceful, and solutions-oriented - even when conditions say otherwise. We will entrust, and expect, our leadership and our teams to operate as entrepreneurs.</li><br><li><strong>Be Experts. </strong>Winning for our customers requires that we understand them deeply. Winning for our business requires us to be experts in our domain areas. Great companies solve complex and costly problems for their customers - you can’t do this without being an expert in your customers’ day to day workflow. We will demand this level of customer and business expertise from everyone at the company.</li><br><li><strong>Be Innovators. </strong>Innovating is who we are, it is how we have gotten here. But not just with our product and how we define what GTM means for the future. We innovate to be leaner and more efficient in the way we operate, we will find ways to drive outcomes no one thought were possible - from marketing and lead generation to legal, finance, and procurement. Through innovation, we will set a new standard for how great companies operate with discipline.</li><br><li><strong>Be a Team. </strong>We can’t win if we act like a random assortment of siloed groups. We are one team, working together to win. We collaborate and lean in to help each other.</li><br></ul><br><p>#LI-PS1&nbsp; #LI-hybrid&nbsp; #LI-remote<br><br></p><div class="content-pay-transparency"><div class="pay-input"><div class="description"><p>Actual compensation offered will be based on factors such as the candidate’s work location, qualifications, skills, experience and/or training. Your recruiter can share more information about the specific salary range for your desired work location during the hiring process. We want our employees and their families to thrive.</p><br><p>In addition to comprehensive benefits we offer holistic mind, body and lifestyle programs designed for overall well-being. Learn more about ZoomInfo benefits <a class="c-link" href="https://www.zoominfo.com/careers#benefits">here</a>.</p></div><div class="title">Below is the US base salary for this position. Additional compensation such as Bonus, Commission, Equity and other benefits may also apply.</div><div class="pay-range"><span>$168,400</span><span class="divider">—</span><span>$231,550 USD</span></div></div></div><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>About us:</strong>&nbsp;</p><br><p>ZoomInfo (NASDAQ: ZI) is the Go-To-Market Intelligence Platform that empowers businesses to grow faster with AI-ready insights, trusted data, and advanced automation. Its solutions provide more than 35,000 companies worldwide with a complete view of their customers, making every seller their best seller.</p><br><p>ZoomInfo may use a software-based assessment as part of the recruitment process. More information about this tool, including the results of the most recent bias audit, is available&nbsp;<a href="https://www.zoominfo.com/legal/nyc-local-law-144-notice">here</a>.</p><br><p>ZoomInfo is proud to be an equal opportunity employer, hiring based on qualifications, merit, and business needs, and does not discriminate based on protected status. We welcome all applicants and are committed to providing equal employment opportunities regardless of sex, race, age, color, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, disability status, religion, protected military or veteran status, medical condition, or any other characteristic protected by applicable law. We also consider qualified candidates with criminal histories in accordance with legal requirements.</p></div>

<p><strong>To apply:</strong> <a href="https://weworkremotely.com/remote-jobs/zoominfo-global-data-product-leader">https://weworkremotely.com/remote-jobs/zoominfo-global-data-product-leader</a></p>