<div class="content-intro"><p><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif; font-size: 12pt;">Airbnb was born in 2007 when two hosts welcomed three guests to their San Francisco home, and has since grown to over 5 million hosts who have welcomed over 2 billion guest arrivals in almost every country across the globe. Every day, hosts offer unique stays and experiences that make it possible for guests to connect with communities in a more authentic way.</span></p></div><p><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; color: #000000;"><strong>The Community You Will Join:&nbsp;</strong></span></p>
<p>The Airbnb Hotels is a fast-growing business which will see you leading Airbnb’s expansion into the hotel sector in the region. Operating with an entrepreneurial spirit within the Japan team, this team combines the simplicity, product excellence, and guest-centered ethos that define Airbnb.</p>
<p>This team’s mission is to grow and expand our&nbsp; the smoothest, most intuitive hotel booking experience for guests; while providing hotels an opportunity to drive high-quality incremental bookings so they can focus on delivering the best hospitality. The ultimate aim is to help more people discover high-quality hotels, creating value for guests and our hotel partners.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; color: #000000;"><strong>The Difference You Will Make:</strong></span></p>
<p><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; color: #000000;">As a Market Manager, your role will entail ensuring the health and expansion of our supply in Japan. This will involve managing Hotels and acquiring high-quality inventory. Your focus will be to enhance Airbnb's market presence in your designated region through collaboration with other teams, leveraging your expertise on the local market. With a deep understanding of Airbnb's mission and values, you will oversee all aspects of supply acquisition and market success. This includes developing acquisition strategies, generating and converting Hotel leads, and managing relationships with strategic partners, including the creation of new partnerships. You will also be tasked with developing and refining scalable, localized supply management strategies for both established, competitive markets and emerging, untapped markets, aiming to secure our long-term success in these regions.</span></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; color: #000000;"><strong>A Typical Day:&nbsp;</strong></span></p>
<ul>
<li>Build, manage and expand partner relationships within your territory, aiming to surpass quarterly sales targets with Hotels.</li>
<li>Conduct regular optimization calls and business reviews with partners to develop strong, enduring partnerships providing exceptional, timely service to hosts, including in-person support as needed.</li>
<li>Implement strategies to effectively manage and optimize the long tail of thousands of Hotels in your region.</li>
<li>Prospect and onboard new, high-quality supply within your assigned geography.</li>
<li>Educate clients on all significant product updates and cascade feedback on product and public policy to the relevant internal stakeholders.</li>
<li>Leverage data to identify and pursue strategic growth opportunities, demonstrating an ability to navigate operational complexities and efficiently allocate resources.</li>
<li>Use an entrepreneurial approach to develop and implement unique engagement projects, fostering innovation within your territory.</li>
<li>Work cross-functionally with teams such as product, communications, public policy, legal, tax and customer support to ensure Airbnb's long-term market success.</li>
<li>Acquire comprehensive knowledge of local market trends to inform both internal and external stakeholders.</li>
<li>Understand the technical aspects of software partnerships to offer comprehensive support, ensuring a seamless experience for hosts and guests.</li>
<li>Represent Airbnb in external meetings with Hotels and at industry conferences in your market, solidifying the brand's presence and commitment.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; color: #000000;"><strong>Your Expertise:</strong></span></p>
<ul>
<li>8+ years of experience in new sales, account management, and partner support, showcasing a deep understanding and capability in fostering business relationships.</li>
<li>2+ years of tech/travel industry experience is a plus, highlighting the value of sector-specific knowledge.</li>
<li>Proven track record of being able to effectively work a leads pipeline and a book of business, demonstrating expertise in nurturing and converting potential opportunities.</li>
<li>Proficient quantitative skills and proven ability to interpret and apply data throughout your day-to-day work, emphasizing the importance of data-driven decision-making.</li>
<li>The ability to work at both strategic and tactical levels, with a proven track record to execute in ambiguous environments, highlighting adaptability and strategic foresight.</li>
<li>Proven experience working cross-functionally, ensuring the ability to collaborate effectively with various teams to drive collective success.</li>
<li>Excellent communication and presentation skills and the ability to communicate effectively with clients via phone, email, and in-person, underscoring the importance of strong interpersonal skills.</li>
<li>Charismatic self-starter who is resourceful and self-sufficient, paired with strong time management and prioritization skills, showcasing the initiative and organizational capabilities required for the role.</li>
<li>Highly proficient in using CRM software, specifically in working with leads, opportunities, and other core objects - Salesforce experience is a plus, indicating the technical tools proficiency needed for effective relationship management.</li>
<li>Ability to speak fluently in Japanese is required</li>
<li>Fluency in English is a big plus</li>
<li>Based in Tokyo and must be willing to regularly travel to your assigned territory, such as Osaka and Kyoto&nbsp;</li>
<li>Passion for Airbnb, travel, and the sharing economy - being an Airbnb host is a plus, culminating the profile with a personal alignment and enthusiasm for the company's mission and sector.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; color: #000000;"><strong>Our Commitment To Inclusion &amp; Belonging:</strong></span></p>
<p><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; color: #000000;">Airbnb is committed to working with the broadest talent pool possible. We believe diverse ideas foster innovation and engagement, and allow us to attract creatively-led people, and to develop the best products, services and solutions. All qualified individuals are encouraged to apply.</span></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>