<div class="content-intro"><p><strong>About Pinterest:</strong></p>
<p>Millions of people around the world come to our platform to find creative ideas, dream about new possibilities and plan for memories that will last a lifetime. At Pinterest, we’re on a mission to bring everyone the inspiration to create a life they love, and that starts with the people behind the product.</p>
<p>Discover a career where you ignite innovation for millions, transform passion into growth opportunities, celebrate each other’s unique experiences and embrace the&nbsp;<a href="https://www.pinterestcareers.com/our-life/pinflex/">flexibility</a> to do your best work. Creating a career you love? It’s Possible.</p>
<p>At Pinterest, AI isn't just a feature, it's a powerful partner that augments our creativity and amplifies our impact, and we’re looking for candidates who are excited to be a part of that. To get a complete picture of your experience and abilities, we’ll explore your foundational skills and how you collaborate with AI.</p>
<p>Through our interview process, what matters most is that you can always explain your approach, showing us not just what you know, but how you think. You can read more about our AI interview philosophy and how we use AI in our recruiting process <a href="https://www.pinterestcareers.com/our-philosophy-on-ai-in-hiring/">here</a>.</p></div><p>As the Sales Manager for CPG and Growth verticals in Japan, you will define, launch and drive strategic outcomes and operationalize the vision for the sales team. We’re looking for a high-performing candidate with experience building advertising / media sales teams from the ground up, passion for solving ambiguous problems, excellent communication skills and the ability to influence cross-functionally and globally. Our advertising business is thriving, our user base continues to grow, and we believe the impact of this role can fuel our company to grow in unprecedented ways.<br><br></p>
<p><strong>What you’ll do:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Drive and grow revenue with top existing and potential partners&nbsp;</li>
<li>Partner with the world’s top marketers to build integrated marketing programs and engage partners in content growth opportunities</li>
<li>Shape the future of our Sales organization by building, training and motivating a high performing advertising sales team&nbsp;</li>
<li>Track, analyze, and communicate key quantitative metrics and business trends as they relate to partner relationships</li>
<li>Build on established relationships and develop new relationships with industry CEOs, CMOs, and other key executive decision makers in the Japanese market.</li>
<li>Be an internal advocate for partners by working with product and engineering teams to respond to partner needs and feedback<br><br></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>What we’re looking for:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>10+ years experience in Advertising, Digital, and/or Media Sales and established industry relationships and experience working with executive level business and marketing leaders within client organizations in Japan. Business experience in advertising for CPG and direct-response advertisers would be preferable.</li>
<li>5+ years experience in sales leadership/people management&nbsp;</li>
<li>Proven track record of managing a world-class sales team, including building &amp; developing the team, achieving or exceeding revenue goals, long-term business development, extensive forecasting &amp; pipeline management experience&nbsp;</li>
<li>Strong understanding and experience in highly analytical and performance-based media organizations</li>
<li>Ability to interface with product and engineering to synthesize customer needs and feedback</li>
<li>Strong team player and ability to succeed in a fast-paced, rapidly changing environment</li>
<li>Highly regarded and well-known thought leader in the industry</li>
<li>Bachelor’s degree in a relevant field or equivalent experience</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Relocation Statement:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>This position is not eligible for relocation assistance. Visit our<a href="https://www.pinterestcareers.com/pinflex/">&nbsp;PinFlex</a>&nbsp;page to learn more about our working model.<br><br></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>In-Office Requirement Statement:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>We recognize that the ideal environment for work is situational and may differ across departments. What this looks like day-to-day can vary based on the needs of each organization or role.</li>
<li>As such, this role will need to be in the office or in front of our customers for in-person collaboration, typically 2 days per week, and therefore needs to be in a commutable distance to our Tokyo City based office.</li>
</ul>
<p>#LI-JC11<br>#LI-HYBRID</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>Our Commitment to Inclusion:</strong></p>
<div>Pinterest is an equal opportunity employer and makes employment decisions on the basis of merit. We want to have the best qualified people in every job. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion or religious creed, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, age, marital status, status as a protected veteran, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information or characteristics (or those of a family member) or any other consideration made unlawful by applicable federal, state or local laws. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you require a medical or religious accommodation during the job application process, please complete&nbsp;<a href="https://forms.gle/sS24D4WboEKUZMQK6">this form</a>&nbsp;for support.
<div>&nbsp;</div>
</div></div>