<p>
  <strong>Headquarters:</strong> United States
</p>

<div class="job__description body"><div><p>StackAdapt is the leading technology company that empowers marketers to reach, engage, and convert audiences with precision. With 465 billion automated optimizations per second, the AI-powered StackAdapt Marketing Platform seamlessly connects brand and performance marketing to drive measurable results across the entire customer journey. The most forward-thinking marketers choose StackAdapt to orchestrate high-impact campaigns across programmatic advertising and marketing channels.</p></div><div><div class="section page-centered"><br><div class="section page-centered"><br><div class="section page-centered"><br><div class="section page-centered"><br><div class="section page-centered"><br><div class="section page-centered"><br><div class="section page-centered"><br><div class="section page-centered"><br><h3>What you'll be doing</h3><br><ul><br><li><strong>Technical Collaboration: </strong>Work closely with data science and machine learning engineers to develop and implement advanced models and algorithms that optimize ad performance and user acquisition.</li><br><li><strong>Infrastructure Integration:</strong> Collaborate with the engineering team to ensure seamless integration of existing ad infrastructure, including bidding, serving, pacing, etc.</li><br><li><strong>Stakeholder Communication: </strong>Communicate clearly and precisely with stakeholders across the organization, ensuring everyone is informed and aligned at the right times.</li><br><li><strong>Data-Driven Decisions: </strong>Utilize analytical skills to define key success metrics, monitor KPIs, and make data-driven decisions that drive product success.</li><br><li><strong>Industry Expertise</strong>: Stay ahead of industry trends, competitive landscape, and evolving market needs, aligning these insights with StackAdapt's mission and vision.</li><br></ul><br></div><br><div class="section page-centered"><br><h3>What you bring to the table</h3><br><ul><br><li><strong>Educational Background: </strong>Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Data Science, or a related field. A Master's degree is a plus.</li><br><li><strong>Experience:</strong> 3-5 years of technical product management experience with a proven track record of delivering impactful projects in the advertising technology space.</li><br><li><strong>AdTech Knowledge:</strong> Proficiency in Ad servers, bidding, auctions, DSPs, SSPs, and MMPs. Experience with building CTR and CVR-type models.</li><br><li><strong>Technical Expertise:</strong> Deep understanding of ads infrastructure, including bidding and pacing, as well as experience with machine learning models (e.g., XGBoost, DNN).</li><br><li><strong>Mobile Focus:</strong> Strong understanding of mobile app install workflows and key performance metrics such as CPI, IPM, C2I, etc.</li><br><li><strong>Analytical Skills: </strong>Ability to derive insights from data using SQL queries or product analytics tools and apply these insights to product decisions.</li><br></ul><br></div><br></div><br></div><br></div><br></div><br></div><br></div><br></div></div><div><div class="section page-centered"><br><div><br><h3>StackAdapter's Enjoy:</h3><br><ul><br><li>Highly competitive salary + commission structure</li><br><li>RRSP/401K matching</li><br><li>3 weeks vacation + 3 personal care days + 1 Culture &amp; Belief day + birthdays off</li><br><li>Access to a comprehensive mental health care platform</li><br><li>Health benefits from day one of employment</li><br><li>Work from home reimbursements</li><br><li>Optional global WeWork membership for those who want a change from their home office</li><br><li>Robust training and onboarding program</li><br><li>Coverage and support of personal development initiatives (conferences, courses, etc)</li><br><li>Access to StackAdapt programmatic courses and certifications to support continuous learning</li><br><li>An awesome parental leave policy</li><br><li>A friendly, welcoming, and supportive culture</li><br><li>Our social and team events!</li><br></ul><br></div><br></div><br><div class="section page-centered"><br><div><em>StackAdapt is a diverse and inclusive team of collaborative, hardworking individuals trying to make a dent in the universe. No matter who you are, where you are from, who you love, follow in faith, disability (or superpower) status, ethnicity, or the gender you identify with (if you’re comfortable, let us know your pronouns), you are welcome at StackAdapt. If you have any requests or requirements to support you throughout any part of the interview process, please let our Talent team know.</em></div><br><div>&nbsp;</div><br><div><strong>About StackAdapt</strong></div><br><div>&nbsp;</div><br><div>We've been recognized for our diverse and supportive workplace, high performing campaigns, award-winning customer service, and innovation. We've been awarded:</div><br><div>&nbsp;</div><br><div><a class="postings-link" href="https://blog.stackadapt.com/stackadapt-named-ad-ages-best-place-to-work-2024?utm_source=linkedin&amp;utm_medium=organic_social&amp;utm_campaign=ad-ages-best-place-to-work-2024&amp;utm_content=blog">Ad Age Best Places to Work 2024</a></div><br><div><a class="postings-link" href="https://blog.stackadapt.com/g2-2024-best-software-awards">G2 Top Software and Top Marketing and Advertising Product for 2024</a></div><br><div><a class="postings-link" href="https://blog.stackadapt.com/2023-best-places-to-work-uk">Campaign’s Best Places to Work 2023 for the UK</a></div><br><div><a class="postings-link" href="https://blog.stackadapt.com/best-workplaces-for-women-list">2024 Best Workplaces for Women</a>&nbsp;and&nbsp;<a class="postings-link" href="https://blog.stackadapt.com/2023-best-workplaces-in-canada-list">in Canada</a>&nbsp;by Great Place to Work®</div><br><div><a class="postings-link" href="https://www.g2.com/products/stackadapt/reviews">#1 DSP on G2 and leader in a number of categories including Cross-Channel Advertising</a></div><br><div>&nbsp;</div><br><div><span>#LI-REMOTE</span></div><br></div></div></div>

<p><strong>To apply:</strong> <a href="https://weworkremotely.com/remote-jobs/stackadapt-technical-product-manager-mobile-app-program">https://weworkremotely.com/remote-jobs/stackadapt-technical-product-manager-mobile-app-program</a></p>