<p>
  <strong>Headquarters:</strong> Remote,Tutzing,Remote UK,Büro UK,Remote Niederlande,Büro Niederlande,Metropolregion München,München
</p>

<p><span><span>This is a vacancy for a hybrid&nbsp;</span><span>or on-site&nbsp;</span><span>role</span><span>&nbsp;at our HQ in&nbsp;</span><span>Tutzing</span><span>. We encourage applications from all qualified candidates, regardless of gender identity.</span></span><span>&nbsp;</span></p><p><span><span>As we&nbsp;</span><span>continuously&nbsp;</span><span>expand&nbsp;</span><span>and improve&nbsp;</span><span>our Data&nbsp;</span><span>Platform</span><span>, we are seeking a</span><span>&nbsp;Senior&nbsp;</span><span>Pro</span><span>duct Designer</span><span>&nbsp;(m/f/x) to join our Product &amp; Engineering department.&nbsp;</span><span>This department&nbsp;</span><span>is responsible for</span><span>&nbsp;the design, development and growth of our Data Platform, our Data Network and connected Data Products.</span><span>&nbsp;In this role, you will&nbsp;</span><span>be responsible for</span><span>&nbsp;</span><span>iden</span><span>tifying</span><span>&nbsp;and&nbsp;</span><span>optimizing</span><span>&nbsp;key user journeys and for defining and implementing a consistent design system</span><span>.</span><span>&nbsp;As our first Product Designer you will be&nbsp;</span><span>educating our development teams&nbsp;</span><span>on how to&nbsp;</span><span>leverage</span><span>&nbsp;user research and&nbsp;</span><span>validate</span><span>&nbsp;and test</span><span>&nbsp;designs.</span> <span>Ready to make an impact?</span>&nbsp;</span></p><ul><li><span><span>Identify opportunities to enhance and simplify key user experiences and improve the time to value for our users.</span></span></li><li><span><span>Create and&nbsp;maintain&nbsp;a consistent design system for all products&nbsp;and ensure&nbsp;its&nbsp;implementation over time.</span></span></li><li><span><span>Visualize the vision of our unified data platform.</span></span></li><li><span><span>Collaborate with Product Management, conduct user research,&nbsp;and design sprints.</span></span></li><li><span><span>Create&nbsp;and&nbsp;validate&nbsp;high-fidelity designs and prototypes.</span></span></li><li><span><span>Collaborate with engineering to ensure seamless implementation.</span></span></li><li><span><span>Grow a team of UX/UI designers.</span></span></li></ul><div><ul><li><span><span>7+ years in product design, with proficiency in design thinking and design sprints.</span></span></li><li><span><span>High&nbsp;proficiency&nbsp;in creating designs and prototypes in Figma.</span></span></li><li><span><span>Ability to empathize with technical users&nbsp;and designing experiences for a highly technical product.</span></span></li><li><span><span>Experience improving frameworks&nbsp;and&nbsp;existing systems.</span></span></li><li><span><span>Experience introducing&nbsp;new patterns or standards adopted by others in&nbsp;previous&nbsp;roles.</span></span></li><li><span><span>Track record&nbsp;of proactively&nbsp;identifying&nbsp;and driving initiatives that strengthen the team.</span></span></li><li><span><span>Clear communication style.</span></span></li><li><span><span>Proficiency in English, German skills are nice to have.</span></span></li></ul></div><ul><li>Opportunity to work flexibly from home</li><li>30 vacation days per year</li><li>Modern offices in Germany, the Netherlands, and the UK</li><li>Location-specific benefits packages (your recruiter will be happy to provide more details during your first chat)</li><li>Company-sponsored business travel</li></ul><span>For this role, we are open to working with specialists based in <strong><span>Germany, the Netherlands,&nbsp;</span></strong>or<strong><span>&nbsp;the UK</span></strong>. Whether you prefer working <strong><span>on-site at our offices</span></strong> in <strong><span>Tutzing, Rotterdam, or Leeds</span></strong>, or <strong><span>remotely from a location within one of these countries</span></strong>, we’re happy to accommodate your preferred working style.<br><br><strong>If you’re excited about this role but don’t meet every qualification, we encourage you to apply!&nbsp;</strong><br><br></span><em><span>Lobster is an equal opportunity employer. We are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive environment where empathy and respect guide our interactions.</span></em>

<p><strong>To apply:</strong> <a href="https://weworkremotely.com/remote-jobs/lobster-senior-product-designer">https://weworkremotely.com/remote-jobs/lobster-senior-product-designer</a></p>