<h3><strong>Japan Regulatory Compliance &amp; Money Laundering Reporting Officer (RC &amp; MLRO)</strong></h3>
<p>Stripe is seeking a highly experienced and strategic Regulatory Compliance &amp; Money Laundering Reporting Officer (RC &amp; MLRO) to lead our regulatory compliance and financial crimes program in Japan. This role sits within the Affiliates pillar of the Financial Crime, Compliance &amp; Risk Oversight (FinCRO) organization, and you will be reporting to the APAC Affiliates Lead.&nbsp;</p>
<p>You will be the named RC &amp; MLRO of Stripe Japan and will lead/assist in the registration of Stripe Japan as a Funds Transfer Business Operator (FTBO) with the Kanto Local Finance Bureau (KBF), under the oversight of the Japan Financial Services Agency (JFSA). In your role as the RC &amp; MLRO, you will be the principal decision-maker and strategic lead on regulatory compliance and&nbsp; financial crime risk management decisions, serving a critical role in ensuring Stripe’s continued safe growth and success in Japan.&nbsp; You will also be the public face of FinCRO in Japan. The ideal candidate must have deep subject matter expertise and a proven track record building and evolving tech-forward regulatory compliance and financial crime programs (collectively, compliance programs).&nbsp;</p>
<h3><strong>Key Responsibilities</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li><strong>Strategic Leadership</strong>: Develop and implement a robust and effective compliance strategy for Japan, aligning with global FinCRO objectives and business goals, leveraging AI, data science and automation wherever possible. Provide regular reporting and updates to the Stripe Japan’s Board of Directors&nbsp; regarding the health and effectiveness of the compliance programs.</li>
<li><strong>Regulatory Compliance and Financial Crimes Programs Oversight</strong>: Act as the RC &amp; MLRO, owning and enhancing Stripe Japan's compliance programs, in particular, ensuring the financial crime program is designed to efficiently and effectively prevent, detect, and report money laundering, terrorist financing, and other financial crimes.</li>
<li><strong>Regulatory Management:</strong> Proactively engage with local regulators to shape the future of fintech oversight, advocating for tech-enabled compliance solutions. Serve as the primary point of contact for regulators and an ambassador for Stripe in Japan.&nbsp;</li>
<li><strong>External influence: </strong>Act as a thought leader in the payments industry, representing Stripe in external forums and groups to help modernize regulatory expectations for the fintech era.&nbsp;</li>
<li><strong>Partner and Relationship Management: </strong>Build and maintain trust and strong, collaborative relationships with key financial partners, including banks, payment networks, and other third-party providers. Educate partners on Stripe’s compliance programs and controls, and serve as the senior point of contact for escalations.</li>
<li><em><strong>Advisory and Consultation</strong>: Exercise oversight to ensure Stripe’s program and controls are fit for purpose. Provide expert advice to key stakeholders on product development to foster compliance by design.</em></li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>Qualifications</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li><strong>Experience</strong>: 10+ years of experience in financial crime, with a significant focus on financial services, fintech, or payments, and deep contacts - and influence - across the industry&nbsp;</li>
<li><strong>Regulatory Knowledge</strong>: Deep and current knowledge of financial crimes and other relevant financial services laws and regulations across Japan.</li>
<li><strong>Communication</strong>: Exceptional communication skills, with the ability to articulate complex regulatory concepts to both technical and non-technical audiences.</li>
<li><strong>Strategic Mindset</strong>: Ability to think strategically and translate complex regulatory requirements into creative and practical solutions.</li>
<li><strong>Problem-Solving</strong>: Strong analytical and problem-solving skills, with a data-driven approach to decision making</li>
<li><strong>Resilience: </strong>Define and iterate on Stripe Japan’s risk appetite, ensuring a defensible stance as Stripe explores new, high-growth verticals and opportunities</li>
<li><strong>Data proficiency: High data literacy, ability to work closely with data teams to identify emerging financial crime patterns and validate the effectiveness of detection models</strong></li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li><strong>Certifications</strong>: CAMS (Certified Anti-Money Laundering Specialist) or other relevant professional certifications are a plus.</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>Nice to Have</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Experience working in a global, matrixed organization.</li>
<li>Deep competence navigating the regulatory guardrails amidst a high-growth environment&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p>This position offers an exciting opportunity to lead innovative compliance programs in Japan.</p>