<h2><strong>Who we are</strong></h2>
<div>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">Helsing is a defence AI company. Our mission is to protect our democracies. We aim to achieve technological leadership, so that open societies can continue to make sovereign decisions and control their ethical standards.</span><span data-ccp-props="{">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">As democracies, we believe we have a special responsibility to be thoughtful about the development and deployment of powerful technologies like AI. We take this responsibility seriously.</span><span data-ccp-props="{">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span data-contrast="none">We are an ambitious and committed team of engineers, AI specialists and customer-facing programme managers.<span data-contrast="auto">&nbsp;We are looking for mission-driven people to join our European teams – and apply their skills to solve the most complex and impactful problems. We embrace an open and transparent culture that welcomes healthy debates on the use of technology in defence, its benefits, and its ethical implications.</span><span data-ccp-props="{">&nbsp;</span></span></p>
</div>
<h2><strong>The role</strong></h2>
<div>As a Talent Operations Coordinator, you will ensure the seamless progression of candidates through our hiring pipelines. You will facilitate the journey of the specialists who build our technological advantage in defence AI. Your work directly impacts our ability to scale and deliver our mission, ensuring we remain at the forefront of innovation. By focusing on operational excellence and candidate experience, you will make a tangible impact on how we attract and secure talent to solve complex geopolitical challenges.</div>
<h2><strong>The day-to-day</strong></h2>
<ul class="ak-ul" data-local-id="69f4cc95-e43c-4386-bba4-0ca55fcd5cfa" data-indent-level="1">
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="1384" data-local-id="768ecc568f62">Operate Applicant Tracking Systems and automated scheduling tools to execute high-volume, complex scheduling for virtual and onsite interviews across multiple time zones</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="1557" data-local-id="7f77458e3145">Manage internal stakeholders and act as the primary contact for candidates, ensuring a seamless and positive interview experience</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="1690" data-local-id="5b1cca9ecb74">Maintain accurate data, documentation, and templates across all internal systems</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="1774" data-local-id="2245c56d6106">Partner with Talent Acquisition to implement measurable improvements to scheduling workflows</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="1870" data-local-id="5a40c175ac18">Generate reports to measure the speed and effectiveness of the interviewing pipelines</p>
</li>
<li style="font-weight: bold;"><strong>Be based in either our Munich or London office, min. 3 days per week</strong></li>
</ul>
<h2 id="You’ll-do-great-if-you….3" data-renderer-start-pos="15247"><strong>You should apply if you</strong></h2>
<ul class="ak-ul" data-local-id="19a43b50-026f-482f-9fd4-68340d48e9c6" data-indent-level="1">
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="1986" data-local-id="6728f4eacb99">Have supported a scaling, high-volume talent acquisition function with a focus on operational execution</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="2093" data-local-id="50e0f4752644">Communicate clearly and can articulate process challenges to propose practical solutions</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="2185" data-local-id="ad4e140e053c">Showcase exceptional organisational abilities, particularly in managing complex scheduling and system data</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="2295" data-local-id="2e31d0b664d7">Leverage Applicant Tracking Systems proficiently to increase team efficiency</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="2375" data-local-id="77da637b25ac">Solve problems proactively to improve operational workflows</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="2438" data-local-id="7de023724f72">Adapt to change and operate effectively in a scaling environment while maintaining confidentiality</p>
</li>
<li style="font-weight: bold;"><strong><em>Munich Role</em>: are business fluent in German language&nbsp;</strong></li>
</ul>
<p><em data-stringify-type="italic">Note: We operate in an industry where women, as well as other minority groups, are systematically</em>&nbsp;<em data-stringify-type="italic">under-represented. We encourage you to apply even if you don’t meet all the listed qualifications; ability and impact cannot be summarised in a few bullet points.</em></p>
<h2><strong>Nice to Have</strong></h2>
<ul class="ak-ul" data-local-id="2f6b9235-7eac-48ac-8d8f-c372e9530818" data-indent-level="1">
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="2818" data-local-id="d32fa5ea7b1f">Process a data-focused approach, with the ability to manage and interpret reports relating to process efficiency</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="2934" data-local-id="4c59bd858d97">Bring operational experience using Greenhouse, Confluence, and GoodTime</p>
</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong><span data-contrast="auto">Join Helsing and work with world-leading experts in their fields</span><span data-ccp-props="{">&nbsp;</span></strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">Helsing’s work is important. You’ll be directly contributing to the protection of democratic countries while balancing both ethical and geopolitical concerns</span></p>
</li>
<li>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">The work is unique. We operate in a domain that has highly unusual technical requirements and constraints, and where robustness, safety, and ethical considerations are vital. You will face unique Engineering and AI challenges that make a meaningful impact in the world</span></p>
</li>
<li>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">Our work frequently takes us right up to the state of the art in technical innovation, be it reinforcement learning, distributed systems, generative AI, or deployment infrastructure. The defence industry is entering the most exciting phase of the technological development curve. Advances in our field of world are not incremental: Helsing is part of, and often leading, historic leaps forward</span></p>
</li>
<li>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">In our domain, success is a matter of order-of-magnitude improvements and novel capabilities. This means we take bets, aim high, and focus on big opportunities. Despite being a relatively young company, Helsing has already been selected for multiple significant government contracts</span></p>
</li>
<li>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">We actively encourage healthy, proactive, and diverse debate internally about what we do and how we choose to do it. Teams and individual engineers are trusted (and encouraged) to practise responsible autonomy and critical thinking, and to focus on outcomes, not conformity. At Helsing you will have a say in how we (and you!) work, the opportunity to engage on what does and doesn’t work, and to take ownership of aspects of our culture that you care deeply about</span></p>
</li>
</ul>
<h2 id="What-we-offer" data-renderer-start-pos="3238"><strong><span id="6afa48f9-b797-428b-aa69-0bc8163b3593" data-renderer-mark="true" data-mark-type="annotation" data-mark-annotation-type="inlineComment" data-id="6afa48f9-b797-428b-aa69-0bc8163b3593">What we offer</span></strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>
<p><strong>Competitive salary </strong>and<strong> stock options (ESOP)</strong></p>
</li>
<li>
<p><strong>Relocation support</strong>: up to €2,500 and 4 weeks temporary accommodation</p>
</li>
<li>
<p><strong>Learning</strong>: €500/£450 yearly allowance</p>
</li>
<li>
<p><strong>Health &amp; wellness</strong>: gym membership and mental health support (Nilo.health)</p>
</li>
<li>
<p><strong>Social</strong>: regularly company events and monthly social allowances</p>
</li>
<li>
<p><strong>Enhanced parental leave</strong>: 22 weeks fully paid for primary caregivers &amp; 6 weeks for secondary caregivers.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p><strong>Family support:</strong> 5 days of paid family emergency leave, 100% remote work option during pregnancy and phased return to work</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p>These are the core benefits across all locations, there may be additional benefits in certain locations.</p>
<p><em data-stringify-type="italic">Helsing is an equal opportunities employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, religion, sexual orientation, age, marital status, disability or gender identity. Please do not submit personal data revealing racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, trade union membership, data concerning your health, or data concerning your sexual orientation.</em></p><div class="content-conclusion"><div>&nbsp;</div>
<div>Helsing's Candidate Privacy and Confidentiality Regime can be found <a href="https://helsing.ai/candidate-privacy-and-confidentiality-regime/" target="\_blank">here</a>.&nbsp;</div>
<div>&nbsp;</div>
<div>&nbsp;</div></div>