<p><strong>About this opportunity:</strong><strong><br></strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 300;">At Freenome, we are seeking a motivated Lab Technician to help grow the Freenome Scientific Operations team. The ideal candidate is eager to learn and able to work with urgency in an ever changing environment. This person is responsible for all things related to R&amp;D support - reagents, equipment, consumables, study support. &nbsp;You are passionate about fighting cancer, and you will have a significant impact on the continued growth of an organization dedicated to changing the entire landscape of cancer.<br></span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 300;">The role reports to the Supervisor, R&amp;D Labs. This role will be an Onsite role.<br></span></p>
<p><strong>What you’ll do:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Collaborate with the Research, Development, Automation, Facilities and Supply Chain teams to ensure consistent laboratory support.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Assist Research Associates and Scientists in preparing and aliquoting reagents.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Perform routine maintenance on a variety of laboratory equipment.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Assist with troubleshooting R&amp;D lab equipment issues using established SOPs and WI’s.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Operate automated liquid handling platforms to execute automated procedures.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Assist with monitoring cold storage temperatures and respond to temperature excursion events.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Assist with organizing and maintaining R&amp;D reagent and sample inventory documentation.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Act as a role model by demonstrating adherence to all proper safety protocols.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Perform Accessioning and processing of patient samples.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Support Biosample Management by &nbsp;picking and pulling samples.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Contribute to Study Execution by performing Genomics workflows.<br></span></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Must haves:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Bachelor's Degree with 1-2 years of related experience. </span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Strong communication skills and the ability to collaborate across disciplines.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Experience in writing or updating documentation such as WI’s, SOPs and maintaining a detailed Lab notebook.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Ability to follow SOPs and troubleshoot effectively.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Strong understanding of current molecular biology techniques and DNA sequencing.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Attention to detail and documentation practices within a repetitive work function.<br></span></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Nice to haves:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><span style="font-weight: 300;">Valuable supplementary skills include:</span>
<ul>
<li><span style="font-weight: 300;">Experience handling and preparing blood and tissue samples.</span></li>
<li><span style="font-weight: 300;">Proficiency with automated liquid handling platforms and software.</span></li>
<li><span style="font-weight: 300;">Experience setting up Illumina sequencers.</span></li>
<li><span style="font-weight: 300;">Experience maintaining laboratory equipment.</span></li>
<li><span style="font-weight: 300;">Experience writing or updating documentation such as work instructions and SOPs.</span></li>
<li><span style="font-weight: 300;">Experience working in BSL-2 laboratories and familiarity with 5S organizational practices.<br></span></li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Benefits and additional information:</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 300;">The US target range of our</span><span style="font-weight: 300;"> hourly rate</span><span style="font-weight: 300;"> for new hires is $30.60 - $39.12</span><span style="font-weight: 300;">. You will also be eligible to receive equity, cash bonuses, and a full range of medical, financial, and other benefits depending on the position offered.&nbsp; Please note that individual total compensation for this position will be determined at the Company’s sole discretion and may vary based on several factors, including but not limited to, location, skill level, years and depth of relevant experience, and education. We invite you to check out our career page @ <span style="font-weight: 300;"><em><a href="http://freenome.com/job-openings/" target="\_blank" data-saferedirecturl="https://www.google.com/url?q=http://freenome.com/job-openings/&amp;source=gmail&amp;ust=1708620295766000&amp;usg=AOvVaw0K-a4lTJ0RquYagpqS-yp4">freenome.com/job-openings/</a></em></span></span><span style="font-weight: 300;">&nbsp;for additional company information.&nbsp;&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 300;">Freenome is proud to be an equal-opportunity employer, and we value diversity. Freenome does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, marital status, age, national origin, ancestry, physical or mental disability, medical condition, pregnancy, genetic information, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, veteran status, or any other status protected under federal, state, or local </span><span style="font-weight: 300;">law.</span></p>
<p><em><span style="font-weight: 300;">Applicants have rights under Federal Employment Laws.&nbsp;&nbsp;</span></em></p>
<ul>
<li><a href="https://www.dol.gov/agencies/whd/posters/fmla" target="\_blank"><em><span style="font-weight: 300;">Family &amp; Medical Leave Act (FMLA)</span></em></a></li>
<li><a href="https://www.dol.gov/agencies/ofccp/posters" target="\_blank"><em><span style="font-weight: 300;">Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO)</span></em></a></li>
<li><a href="https://www.dol.gov/agencies/whd/posters/employee-polygraph-protection-act" target="\_blank"><em><span style="font-weight: 300;">Employee Polygraph Protection Act (EPPA)</span></em></a></li>
</ul>
<p><span style="color: #ecf0f1;"><em><span style="font-weight: 300;">#LI-ONSITE</span></em></span></p>