**About Plexus**

Plexus’s mission is to 'Create the Future of The Law'. We are the world leader in legal automation and legal innovation and our services are loved by over 200 of the world’s leading companies including General Motors, L’Oréal, Coca-Cola, Lion, Total, NAB, Woolworths and Unilever.  We continue to grow rapidly, have been profiled as a case study of disruption by HBR, INSEAD - along with numerous other universities and publications.  The Financial Times as one of the top 10 companies reshaping professional services around the world.

Plexus people are relentlessly curious and hell-bent on challenging the status quo. We are client obsessed, we believe in being the best version of ourselves, we start with a growth mindset and positive intent, we believe there is always a better way. We set the bar high, are outcome-focused and hate politics or anything that gets in the way of great outcomes. We embrace change, as there are no maps for where we are going.

Don't see a role advertised that matches your skills and experience?

We'd still love to hear from you. We're recruiting across a range of teams, including:

- Commercial

- Engineering

- Finance

- Marketing

- Product

- Sales

- Talent Acquisition

Join Plexus and be a part of our mission to transform the legal landscape. If you’re looking to make a significant impact and lead the development of products that set industry standards, we would love to hear from you.

Plexus is an equal opportunity employer. We welcome and encourage applications from all backgrounds, communities and industries, and are committed to having a diverse team who, together, will kick huge, exciting, and impactful goals.

Don't hesitate to send through an application and we'll be in touch!

#LI-DNI