## Your creative field

<span style="font-family:Verdana, Geneva, sans-serif;font-size:12px;">We are looking for a full-time, permanent Technical Support Specialist (all genders) to start as soon as possible, within the Czech Republic.  <br><br><br>As a Technical Support Specialist, you will take on innovative and responsible tasks to ensure smooth 24/7 operation within the framework of technical 3rd level support.<br><br>This includes customer support and communication with our customers in English via the ticket system. You will also be responsible for monitoring and troubleshooting the customer's IT infrastructure. You provide the technical solutions for our customer concerns, such as compromised servers, managed server tasks, website and server migrations or also error analysis on the websites. In addition to a correct documentation collection, server construction or provisioning as well as the proactive monitoring of the internal infrastructure are also part of your versatile tasks.<br><br>You are our all-rounder and in the end it all depends on you: As part of our Operations team, you represent the heart of our company by installing, configuring and administering servers, networks, applications and applications for the benefit of our customers.<br><br>In addition, you will have the opportunity to familiarise yourself with new technologies and we will support you in your professional development through intensive training.</span>

## What convinces us

<span style="font-family:Verdana, Geneva, sans-serif;font-size:12px;">Your personality, coupled with: <br></span><ul><li style="font-family:Verdana, Geneva, sans-serif;font-size:12px;">a completed technically oriented vocational training in the IT sector or relevant professional experience in the IT sector</li><li style="font-family:Verdana, Geneva, sans-serif;font-size:12px;">very good knowledge of administration under Linux (Shell/Terminal)</li><li style="font-family:Verdana, Geneva, sans-serif;font-size:12px;">service-oriented, independent and responsible action in technical customer support, in dealing with hardware and in Windows server administration</li><li style="font-family:Verdana, Geneva, sans-serif;font-size:12px;">English language skills (mandatory, as this is our company language)</li></ul><span style="font-family:Verdana, Geneva, sans-serif;font-size:12px;"> <br>Also desirable would be <br></span><ul><li style="font-family:Verdana, Geneva, sans-serif;font-size:12px;">initial knowledge of Bash scripting and basic programming skills</li><li style="font-family:Verdana, Geneva, sans-serif;font-size:12px;">Experience in dealing with databases (SQL)</li><li style="font-family:Verdana, Geneva, sans-serif;font-size:12px;">Sound knowledge of German </li></ul><span style="font-family:Verdana, Geneva, sans-serif;font-size:12px;"> <br>We know that you may not currently meet all the requirements. But if you come to us with the right amount of commitment and enthusiasm, we can take off together and achieve a lot.</span>

## Awesome Prospects

<span style="font-family:Verdana, Geneva, sans-serif;font-size:12px;">At Contabo, we are in a constant state of change. Even through our strong growth, we always remain flexible, and everyone gets the opportunity to actively shape the future of Contabo and of our customers. With us, everyone can develop their full potential in an environment with flat hierarchies, freedom to organize their work and time, direct communication, an open feedback culture, and leave a footprint through creative co-design. <br><br>Plus, we offer further advantages:<br></span><ul><li style="font-family:Verdana, Geneva, sans-serif;font-size:12px;">great freedom for your creative ideas</li><li style="font-family:Verdana, Geneva, sans-serif;font-size:12px;">ongoing professional and personal development opportunities in an innovative and technological environment</li><li style="font-family:Verdana, Geneva, sans-serif;font-size:12px;">Meal vouchers</li><li style="font-family:Verdana, Geneva, sans-serif;font-size:12px;">MultiSportCard</li><li style="font-family:Verdana, Geneva, sans-serif;font-size:12px;">Additional Sick Pay</li><li style="font-family:Verdana, Geneva, sans-serif;font-size:12px;">a comprehensive induction with your colleagues by your side</li><li style="font-family:Verdana, Geneva, sans-serif;font-size:12px;">modern and conveniently located workplaces at our European locations</li><li style="font-family:Verdana, Geneva, sans-serif;font-size:12px;">Remote or hybrid working opportunities with the same technical equipment at home as in the office</li><li style="font-family:Verdana, Geneva, sans-serif;font-size:12px;">flexible working hours for a healthy work-life balance</li><li style="font-family:Verdana, Geneva, sans-serif;font-size:12px;">30-day vacation by default</li><li style="font-family:Verdana, Geneva, sans-serif;font-size:12px;">the possibility of working in our summer office in Mallorca, as well as from any EU country</li><li style="font-family:Verdana, Geneva, sans-serif;font-size:12px;">an extra day off to get involved in social activities as part of our Volunteer Day</li><li style="font-family:Verdana, Geneva, sans-serif;font-size:12px;">attractive conditions on many products and services through our corporate benefits program</li><li style="font-family:Verdana, Geneva, sans-serif;font-size:12px;">unforgettable moments at our company events and team events</li></ul>

## How to reach us

<span style="border:0px solid rgb(229,231,235);font-family:Verdana, Geneva, sans-serif;font-style:normal;font-weight:400;text-transform:none;color:rgb(33,37,41);font-size:12px;background-color:rgb(255,255,255);display:inline;">If you have any questions, you can reach out to Max by email at </span><a style="border:0px solid rgb(229,231,235);font-family:Verdana, Geneva, sans-serif;text-decoration:underline;color:inherit;font-weight:400;font-style:normal;text-transform:none;font-size:12px;background-color:rgb(255,255,255);" href="mailto:maximilian.kasemir@contabo.de">maximilian.kasemir@contabo.de</a><span style="border:0px solid rgb(229,231,235);font-family:Verdana, Geneva, sans-serif;font-style:normal;font-weight:400;text-transform:none;color:rgb(33,37,41);font-size:12px;background-color:rgb(255,255,255);display:inline;">.</span>