<div class="content-intro"><h2><span data-sheets-root="1">About Wolt</span></h2>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">At Wolt, we create technology that brings joy, simplicity and earnings to the neighborhoods of the world. In 2014 we started with delivery of restaurant food. Now we’re building the delivery of (almost) everything and you’ll find us in over 500 cities in 30 countries around the world. In 2022 we joined forces with DoorDash and together we keep on dreaming big and expanding across the globe.<br><br>Working at Wolt isn’t always easy, but it’s definitely exciting. Here you’ll learn more, build more, and ship more than in most other companies. You’ll be challenged a lot, but also have a lot of fun on the way. So, if you’re a self-starter with drive and entrepreneurial spirit, this could be the ride of your life.</span></p></div><h2><strong>What you’ll be doing:</strong></h2>
<p>You’ll lead and grow our high-performing Support team by hiring top talent, mentoring team members, and ensuring we exceed performance targets. By setting a high bar for service and leading through example, you’ll foster a team culture of excellence, engagement, and accountability.</p>
<h2><strong>Day-to-day in this role you’ll:</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Recruit, mentor, and manage a customer-facing support team.</li>
<li>Provide regular feedback and hold performance reviews to ensure KPI achievement.</li>
<li>Lead by example in customer interactions and set ambitious service targets.</li>
<li>Run team engagement initiatives such as feedback sessions and workshops.</li>
<li>Analyze data and translate insights into clear actions for improvement.</li>
<li>Collaborate cross-functionally to ensure consistent tone and service across stakeholders.</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Our humble expectations:</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Previous experience leading a customer-facing team.</li>
<li>Strong communication skills in both Hungarian and English.</li>
<li>Analytical mindset with the ability to turn data into actionable steps.</li>
<li>A passion for mentoring and helping others grow.</li>
<li>Ability to multitask and thrive in a fast-paced environment.</li>
<li>Hands-on, proactive, and solutions-oriented attitude.</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>What we offer:</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Wolt Credits</li>
<li>Employee Assistance Programme (EAP)</li>
<li>Cafeteria - SZÉP card - Wolt Magyarország Kft</li>
<li>Breakfast, fruits, and snacks in the office</li>
<li>Dog-friendly office</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Next steps:</strong></h2>
<p>If this sounds like the right opportunity for you, we can’t wait to get to know you. Apply now and join our journey!</p>
<p><iframe src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/dob25eOXkyA?si=8DEO2D4a4yrKenex" width="560" height="314"></iframe></p><div class="content-conclusion"><h2><span data-sheets-root="1">Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion</span></h2>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">We’re committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. That’s why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.</span></p></div>