Sell what you love. For us and millions of users across the globe, that’s Spotify. Join the Sales team and you’ll build the relationships that help grow our business in existing markets and beyond. We don’t just sell creative solutions to our clients and partners, we help to shape them; using our expert knowledge of ad products, sales channels and the industry to impact the way the world experiences music and podcasts.

This role is a fixed term position until August 2027.

We are looking for an outstanding Client Partner to join our sales team in Germany on a fixed term basis. We’re looking for someone with a proven record of revenue generation and a deep interest and passion for online media and innovation. We want someone who loves our product and knows how to sell creative solutions for clients and partners. You should be confident while staying humble, combining strategic experiences with strong creative ideas. Above all, your work will impact the way the world experiences music.

## What You'll Do

- Develop and maintain excellent relationships with our key named clients across a specific vertical, allowing us to better understand their businesses and position Spotify as an invaluable partner in overcoming their strategic challenges
- Ability to understand our clients business, marketing and media strategy in order to develop the client with a consultative approach across our Spotify product offerings, establishing yourself and Spotify as a strategic partner for our clients
- Be an industry expert, who is able to create strong narratives, to engage both clients and stakeholders
- Enthuse clients about contemporary advertising with focus on Audio & Video in order to grow advertising revenues by creating, maintaining, and sustaining relationships with media agencies, creative agencies, clients directly (including programmatic), and other relevant stakeholders
- Work across multiple marketing and agency departments, i.e. brand, buying, strategy, comms planning, radio, digital, programmatic, branded content and innovation teams, to deliver successful campaigns
- Coordinate with the communications planning team and strategic planners, client partners, and buyers to create successful ad campaigns
- Partner with internal marketing, brand partnerships, and label relations teams to improve revenue for Spotify and our partners
- Focus on consultative brand sales, educating and inspiring our clients to use Spotify to enhance their business objectives
- Maintain a high volume of in-person client engagement with both brands and agencies
- Represent Spotify at events and serve as a brand ambassador, communicating our core narratives and reinforcing the strong position Spotify holds in the marketplace

## Who You Are

- You have 5+ years of experience at media sales, a marketing function, media agency or consulting role
- You have a proven track record in building C-level relationships
- Personal network in place with the media industry in Germany
- A network of contacts within the media industry is desirable.
- Knowledge of online and offline media and the ability to be creative with audio and digital client solutions
- Strong negotiation skills with the capability to consultatively sell, as well as product selling, present effectively and the resilience to chase down and close business
- Strong storytelling and presentation skills with proven track record on working with senior stakeholders
- A deep understanding of programmatic advertising and the digital landscape, particularly with Demand-Side Platforms (DSPs) and biddable media buying strategies, to manage client relationships and drive successful campaign outcomes via platforms like Spotify Ad Exchange and Spotify Ads Manager
- A standout colleague, smart, adapt well with change and have a positive attitude
- Ability to work in a fast-paced, exciting environment and across external and internal teams
- Fluent German and English language, spoken and written is required
- Please apply to this role with a cv/resume in English

## Where You'll Be

- This role is based in one of our German offices (Hamburg, Düsseldorf, Berlin or Munich)
- We offer you the flexibility to work where you work best! There will be some in person meetings, but still allows for flexibility to work from home. We ask that you come into the office 2-3 times per week.

Spotify is an equal opportunity employer. You are welcome at Spotify for who you are, no matter where you come from, what you look like, or what’s playing in your headphones. Our platform is for everyone, and so is our workplace. The more voices we have represented and amplified in our business, the more we will all thrive, contribute, and be forward-thinking! So bring us your personal experience, your perspectives, and your background. It’s in our differences that we will find the power to keep revolutionizing the way the world listens.

At Spotify, we are passionate about inclusivity and making sure our entire recruitment process is accessible to everyone. We have ways to request reasonable accommodations during the interview process and help assist in what you need. If you need accommodations at any stage of the application or interview process, please let us know - we’re here to support you in any way we can.

Spotify transformed music listening forever when we launched in 2008. Our mission is to unlock the potential of human creativity by giving a million creative artists the opportunity to live off their art and billions of fans the chance to enjoy and be passionate about these creators. Everything we do is driven by our love for music and podcasting. Today, we are the world’s most popular audio streaming subscription service.