<p>
  <strong>Headquarters:</strong> Sofia, Sofia, Bulgaria, Lisbon, Lisboa, Portugal, Belgrade, Beograd, Serbia, Barcelona, Catalunya [Cataluña], Spain
</p>

<p><strong><span>Short facts about us:</span></strong></p> <ul><li><p><span>We are a global remote-first team of 100+ people on 4 continents and in 10+ countries.</span></p></li><li><p><span>We have been protecting our clients since 2014.</span></p></li><li><p><span>The company has raised over $10M in investments.</span></p></li><li><p><span>More than 200 customers around the world, including Fortune 500, Nasdaq, and high-growth startups choose Wallarm to protect their API and web applications.</span></p></li><li><p><span>The company passed Y Combinator, the most prestigious incubator in Silicon Valley, from which Dropbox, Stripe, Docker, etc. came out.</span></p><p></p></li></ul> <li><p><span>We are a global remote-first team of 100+ people on 4 continents and in 10+ countries.</span></p></li> <p><span>We are a global remote-first team of 100+ people on 4 continents and in 10+ countries.</span></p> <li><p><span>We have been protecting our clients since 2014.</span></p></li> <p><span>We have been protecting our clients since 2014.</span></p> <li><p><span>The company has raised over $10M in investments.</span></p></li> <p><span>The company has raised over $10M in investments.</span></p> <li><p><span>More than 200 customers around the world, including Fortune 500, Nasdaq, and high-growth startups choose Wallarm to protect their API and web applications.</span></p></li> <p><span>More than 200 customers around the world, including Fortune 500, Nasdaq, and high-growth startups choose Wallarm to protect their API and web applications.</span></p> <li><p><span>The company passed Y Combinator, the most prestigious incubator in Silicon Valley, from which Dropbox, Stripe, Docker, etc. came out.</span></p><p></p></li> <p><span>The company passed Y Combinator, the most prestigious incubator in Silicon Valley, from which Dropbox, Stripe, Docker, etc. came out.</span></p> <p></p> <p><strong><span>Our product:</span></strong></p> <p><span>Wallarm API security solutions provide proven performance to support innovative companies serving millions of users and billions of API requests per month. Hundreds of Security and DevOps teams globally use Wallarm daily to:</span></p> <li><p><strong><span>Discover</span></strong><span>. See every asset across your entire attack surface—from cloud environments to every API endpoint with auto-discovery capabilities.</span></p></li> <p><strong><span>Discover</span></strong><span>. See every asset across your entire attack surface—from cloud environments to every API endpoint with auto-discovery capabilities.</span></p> <li><p><strong><span>Protect</span></strong><span>. A single suite that goes beyond OWASP Top 10 for full coverage for API specific threats, account takeover, malicious bots, L7 DDoS, and more.</span></p></li> <p><strong><span>Protect</span></strong><span>. A single suite that goes beyond OWASP Top 10 for full coverage for API specific threats, account takeover, malicious bots, L7 DDoS, and more.</span></p> <li><p><strong><span>Respond</span></strong><span>. Streamline incident response with complete visibility, smart triggers, and active threat verification.</span></p></li> <p><strong><span>Respond</span></strong><span>. Streamline incident response with complete visibility, smart triggers, and active threat verification.</span></p> <li><p><strong><span>Test</span></strong><span>. Automate security testing of your APIs and web assets. Prioritize remediation for every asset, in every environment.</span></p></li> <p><strong><span>Test</span></strong><span>. Automate security testing of your APIs and web assets. Prioritize remediation for every asset, in every environment.</span></p> <p><strong><span><br>About the role:</span></strong></p> <p><span>As a Growth Product Manager, you will be responsible for driving user acquisition, engagement, retention, and monetization by optimizing the product itself. This role focuses on leveraging data-driven insights and experimentation to identify growth opportunities and improve the product’s performance across its lifecycle. You will work cross-functionally to ensure the product delivers measurable value while scaling efficiently.<br></span></p> <p><strong><span><br>Key Responsibilities:</span></strong></p> <ul><li><p><span>User Acquisition:</span><span> Develop strategies to attract new users through organic channels, partnerships, and campaigns tied to the Security Testing product. Optimize sign-up flows and funnels to reduce friction and increase conversion rates.</span></p></li><li><p><span>Activation:</span><span> Ensure new users quickly realize the core value of the Security Testing product by refining onboarding experiences. Identify and deliver “aha moments” that drive early adoption of key features.</span></p></li><li><p><span>Engagement:</span><span> Collaborate with product and engineering teams to introduce features or improvements that keep users engaged. Design experiments to test feature adoption strategies and measure their impact on user activity.</span></p></li><li><p><span>Retention:</span><span> Analyze churn data to understand why users leave and develop initiatives to address those issues. Work with customer success teams to enhance support processes and improve user satisfaction.</span></p></li><li><p><span>Monetization:</span><span> Identify opportunities for upselling, cross-selling, or introducing new revenue streams within Wallarm products. Experiment with pricing strategies and free-tier models to maximize revenue potential.</span></p></li><li><p><span>Data Analysis:</span><span> Leverage analytics tools to track performance metrics across acquisition, activation, engagement, retention, and monetization. Use insights from data to inform decisions and prioritize growth initiatives.</span></p></li></ul> <li><p><span>User Acquisition:</span><span> Develop strategies to attract new users through organic channels, partnerships, and campaigns tied to the Security Testing product. Optimize sign-up flows and funnels to reduce friction and increase conversion rates.</span></p></li> <p><span>User Acquisition:</span><span> Develop strategies to attract new users through organic channels, partnerships, and campaigns tied to the Security Testing product. Optimize sign-up flows and funnels to reduce friction and increase conversion rates.</span></p> <li><p><span>Activation:</span><span> Ensure new users quickly realize the core value of the Security Testing product by refining onboarding experiences. Identify and deliver “aha moments” that drive early adoption of key features.</span></p></li> <p><span>Activation:</span><span> Ensure new users quickly realize the core value of the Security Testing product by refining onboarding experiences. Identify and deliver “aha moments” that drive early adoption of key features.</span></p> <li><p><span>Engagement:</span><span> Collaborate with product and engineering teams to introduce features or improvements that keep users engaged. Design experiments to test feature adoption strategies and measure their impact on user activity.</span></p></li> <p><span>Engagement:</span><span> Collaborate with product and engineering teams to introduce features or improvements that keep users engaged. Design experiments to test feature adoption strategies and measure their impact on user activity.</span></p> <li><p><span>Retention:</span><span> Analyze churn data to understand why users leave and develop initiatives to address those issues. Work with customer success teams to enhance support processes and improve user satisfaction.</span></p></li> <p><span>Retention:</span><span> Analyze churn data to understand why users leave and develop initiatives to address those issues. Work with customer success teams to enhance support processes and improve user satisfaction.</span></p> <li><p><span>Monetization:</span><span> Identify opportunities for upselling, cross-selling, or introducing new revenue streams within Wallarm products. Experiment with pricing strategies and free-tier models to maximize revenue potential.</span></p></li> <p><span>Monetization:</span><span> Identify opportunities for upselling, cross-selling, or introducing new revenue streams within Wallarm products. Experiment with pricing strategies and free-tier models to maximize revenue potential.</span></p> <li><p><span>Data Analysis:</span><span> Leverage analytics tools to track performance metrics across acquisition, activation, engagement, retention, and monetization. Use insights from data to inform decisions and prioritize growth initiatives.</span></p></li> <p><span>Data Analysis:</span><span> Leverage analytics tools to track performance metrics across acquisition, activation, engagement, retention, and monetization. Use insights from data to inform decisions and prioritize growth initiatives.</span></p>

<p><strong>To apply:</strong> <a href="https://weworkremotely.com/remote-jobs/wallarm-growth-product-manager">https://weworkremotely.com/remote-jobs/wallarm-growth-product-manager</a></p>