<div class="content-intro"><p><strong>Who we are&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>At Twilio, we’re shaping the future of communications, all from the comfort of our homes. We deliver innovative solutions to<a class="c-link" href="https://customers.twilio.com/" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://customers.twilio.com/" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">&nbsp;hundreds of thousands of businesses&nbsp;</a>and empower millions of developers worldwide to craft personalized customer experiences.</p>
<p>Our dedication to <a class="c-link" href="https://www.twilio.com/en-us/blog/open-work" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://www.twilio.com/en-us/blog/open-work" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">remote-first work</a>, and strong culture of connection and global inclusion means that no matter your location, you’re part of a vibrant team with diverse experiences making a global impact each day. As we continue to revolutionize how the world interacts, we’re acquiring new skills and experiences that make work feel truly rewarding. Your career at Twilio is in your hands.<br><br>We use Artificial Intelligence (AI) to help make our hiring process efficient. That said, every hiring decision is made by real Twilions!</p>
<p><span style="color: rgb(255, 255, 255);">.</span></p></div><p><strong>See yourself at Twilio</strong></p>
<p>Join the team as Twilio’s next Technical Account Manager&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>About the job</strong></p>
<p>Twilio is looking for an experienced Technical Account Manager who is going to be the designated technical support engineering contact for our strategic customers.&nbsp; As a designated TAM you will be supporting customers during <strong>Central hours (9am to 6pm CT)</strong> and working on the cases created by customers and resolving complex technical problems with potentially very costly and far-reaching consequences. You should have an interest in digging deep as well as be able to zoom out and look at the larger picture. The TAM delivers proactive guidance to the customer to provide added value through the use of Twilio technologies and deliver recommendations to make the customer’s environment less susceptible to business impacting downtime. You are able to remain calm and effective at higher workloads as well as excelling at prioritization and evaluation of situational urgency. There will also be the potential need to volunteer for holiday coverage on a stipend basis.</p>
<p><strong>Responsibilities</strong></p>
<p>In this role, you’ll:</p>
<ul>
<li>Use your strong technical and diplomatic skills to address customer issues and provide customer feedback to Twilio’s Product and Engineering teams.</li>
<li>Work with our customers' and partners' developers, architects, and support personnel to resolve complex problems with potentially very costly and far-reaching consequences.</li>
<li>Collaborate with your teammates and the Twilio Product and Engineering teams via Slack as well as filing JIRAs to report reproducible bugs.</li>
<li>Understanding customer trends, analyzing patterns, driving betterments and reporting what you observe to the management team in order to better improve our support process is a key part of the role.&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Qualifications&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>Not all applicants will have skills that match a job description exactly. Twilio values diverse experiences in other industries, and we encourage everyone who meets the required qualifications to apply. While having “desired” qualifications make for a strong candidate, we encourage applicants with alternative experiences to also apply. If your career is just starting or hasn't followed a traditional path, don't let that stop you from considering Twilio. We are always looking for people who will bring something new to the table!</p>
<p><strong>Required:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>4+ years of relevant experience</li>
<li>Good knowledge of RESTful technology, previous work with APIs and ability to understand and troubleshoot issues with cloud solutions.</li>
<li>Broad capabilities to troubleshoot server-side code (Java, Node.js, PHP, C#, Python) and client-side JavaScript, with a good understanding of React and Redux</li>
<li>Skilled in troubleshooting network connectivity issues, with an understanding of TCP/UDP, and basics of SSL/TLS.</li>
<li>High competency in communicating complex technical issues to both technical and non-technical audiences via phone or email mediums</li>
<li>Comfortable in working with customers’ developers to troubleshoot use of the Twilio helper libraries.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Have an inquisitive mind to understand how things work</li>
<li>Advanced time management skills, ability to work well under pressure, and proficiency at developing workflows to increase troubleshooting efficiency while still following standard processes and procedures.</li>
<li>Excellence in task prioritization and evaluation of situational urgency.</li>
<li>Interest in utilizing customer feedback to identify and drive improvements in our products.</li>
<li>Enthusiasm for interacting and collaborating with other departments within Twilio in your search for the solutions our customers need.</li>
<li>Ability to stand in the customer’s shoes and demonstrated dedication to the customer experience.</li>
<li>Experience in managing dedicated customer accounts.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Desired:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Understanding of Telecoms and VOIP including WebRTC and SIP&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Location&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>This role will be remote and based in Colombia, providing support during 9am to 6pm Central Time&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Travel&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>We prioritize connection and opportunities to build relationships with our customers and each other. For this role, you may be required to travel occasionally to participate in project or team in-person meetings.</p>
<p><strong>What We Offer</strong></p>
<p>Working at Twilio offers many benefits, including competitive pay, generous time off, ample parental and wellness leave, healthcare, a retirement savings program, and much more. Offerings vary by location.</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>Twilio thinks big. Do you?</strong></p>
<p>We like to solve problems, take initiative, pitch in when needed, and are always up for trying new things. That's why we seek out colleagues who embody our values — something we call <a href="https://www.twilio.com/company/values">Twilio Magic</a>. Additionally, we empower employees to build <a href="https://twilio.org/support-and-resources/impact-fund">positive change in their communities</a> by supporting their volunteering and donation efforts.</p>
<p>So, if you're ready to unleash your full potential, do your best work, and be the best version of yourself, apply now! If this role isn't what you're looking for, <a href="https://www.twilio.com/company/jobs#open-positions">please consider other open positions.</a></p>
<p><strong>Twilio is proud to be an equal opportunity employer.</strong> We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, reproductive health decisions, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, genetic information, political views or activity, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Qualified applicants with arrest or conviction records will be considered for employment in accordance with the Los Angeles County Fair Chance Ordinance for Employers and the California Fair Chance Act. Additionally, Twilio participates in the E-Verify program in certain locations, as required by law.</p></div>