PostEra is building a modern, 21st-century biopharma. We use *Proton*, our AI platform for medicinal chemistry, to accelerate the discovery of new medicines for patients. PostEra is advancing an internal pipeline focused on Women's Health and Reproductive Medicine while also advancing small-molecule programs through partnerships with biopharma. We've closed over $1Bn in AI partnerships, including four multi-year agreements with [Pfizer](https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/postera-announces-expansion-to-610m-in-their-ai-drug-discovery-collaboration-with-pfizer-302342047.html?tc=eml_cleartime) and [Amgen](https://endpts.com/amgen-lines-up-new-ai-biotech-partner-in-postera/).

We've also been an active participant in open-science projects, leading a $68M antiviral drug discovery center for pandemic preparedness, which followed on from the success of [COVID Moonshot](https://endpoints.news/nih-grants-over-500m-to-create-antivirals-for-future-pandemics/), the world's largest open-science initiative to develop a COVID antiviral.

**PostEra's Organizational Structure:**

·    We believe time spent navigating complex hierarchies in organizations is better invested in the pursuit of novel technology and scientific discoveries. As such, our organizational structure is intentionally minimalist.

·    We promote a culture where individual achievement is celebrated through proportional compensation and internal recognition, including meaningful promotions.

·    Ultimately, our collective focus is delivering cures to patients, which we believe needs a huge amount of cross-disciplinary collaboration, so we've fitted our organizational structure to serve that end.

If you have an interest in joining PostEra Inc, but don't see a posted position that is a perfect fit for you, feel free to submit your information here. We'll review your submission, keep it on file, and we may reach out if a position opens that we think you might be a qualified candidate for.

All roles at PostEra are open to candidates located in the US and can be remote within the United States. We have an office in Cambridge, MA.

## Benefits

- PostEra offers comprehensive health, vision, and dental coverage as well as life insurance
- 20 days PTO, unlimited sick leave
- 401K plans and up to 4% matching on contributions
- Generous budget for home office set up, co-working space, and weekly stipend for lunch
- Paid parental leave

Visit us at [postera.ai](http://postera.ai)