<h2><strong>The role</strong></h2>
<p>HelloFresh is looking for a<strong> Senior Technical Project Manager</strong> (all genders) to drive process definition, standardization and improvement across the FSQA DC Quality domain in 11 international markets. With a scope that covers processes in DC Inbound and Inbound Checks, Inventory Management, Cold Chain Management, Shelf-Life Management, and Allergen Management, this role will have a huge impact on the future success of HelloFresh and its supply chain.</p>
<p style="text-align: justify;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Above all, we are looking for people who will <strong>make HelloFresh</strong> <strong>better.</strong> We believe there are many different ways of developing skills and we love diverse experiences! So even if you don’t “tick all the boxes” but think you’d thrive in this role, we would really like to learn more about you.</span></p>
<p style="text-align: justify;"><strong>PLEASE NOTE: THIS ROLE IS A MATERNITY COVER UNTIL AUGUST/SEPTEMBER 2026</strong></p>
<h2>&nbsp;</h2>
<h2><strong>What you’ll do</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li data-start="206" data-end="361">You manage, define, and standardize Food Safety and Quality processes across international markets, ensuring strong governance and consistent application</li>
<li data-start="364" data-end="512">Furthermore, you work closely with technical and business stakeholders to translate requirements into digital FSQ solutions and scalable processes</li>
<li data-start="515" data-end="648">By facilitating workshops, you gather input from key stakeholders and actively drive alignment within the process governance agenda</li>
<li data-start="651" data-end="798">Additionally, you test and verify that systems and tools meet defined requirements and comply with Food Safety policies before and during rollout</li>
<li data-start="801" data-end="914">You train end users and support the successful rollout of new systems and processes across warehouse operations</li>
<li data-start="917" data-end="1079">At the same time, you measure process performance and adherence across markets, analyze data, and present clear, actionable recommendations to senior leadership</li>
<li data-start="1082" data-end="1311">Finally, you continuously challenge the status quo by identifying improvement opportunities inside and outside the organization, defining frameworks, metrics, and initiatives that enhance efficiency, resilience, and performance</li>
</ul>
<h2>&nbsp;</h2>
<h2><strong>What you’ll bring</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li data-start="193" data-end="441">At least 3 years of experience in process consulting, process management, or technical systems implementation, supported by a degree in Engineering, Mathematics, or a related field; knowledge of Food Safety or warehouse processes is a strong plus</li>
<li data-start="444" data-end="571">Proven experience in process modeling (e.g. BPMN 2.0) and working with tools such as MS Visio, Signavio, or similar platforms</li>
<li data-start="574" data-end="720">Strong stakeholder management skills with the ability to influence, align, and collaborate effectively across diverse teams and seniority levels</li>
<li data-start="723" data-end="891">Excellent analytical, problem-solving, and strategic thinking skills, combined with the ability to manage and prioritize multiple initiatives in a dynamic environment</li>
<li data-start="894" data-end="1058">Hands-on mindset with strong presentation and communication skills, enabling clear storytelling, facilitation of discussions, and confident delivery to leadership</li>
<li data-start="1061" data-end="1239">Experience or interest in digital tools and data-driven environments, including BI tools (e.g. Tableau, JIRA, ICS), SQL, digital procurement systems, or Six Sigma methodologies</li>
<li data-start="1242" data-end="1419">Proficiency in Microsoft Office and Google Suite, excellent English communication skills, and adaptability to work in fast-paced, international and change-driven organizations</li>
</ul>
<h2>&nbsp;</h2>
<h2><strong>What we offer</strong></h2>
<p>Elevate your lifestyle! Join one of Europe's fastest-growing tech powerhouses in a dynamic phase of expansion.</p>
<ul>
<li>Immerse yourself in a diverse global community of 90+ nationalities.</li>
<li>Enjoy a competitive compensation package that goes beyond the norm, with perks like a HelloFresh- subsidized Pension Scheme, Berlin relocation support, and a Hybrid working model.</li>
<li>Elevate your lifestyle with exclusive discounts on your weekly HelloFresh box and office meals.</li>
<li>Invest in your growth with an annual learning &amp; development budget, German language learning budget, and access to the HelloFresh Academy.</li>
<li>Plus, we've got your well-being covered with mental health support, transportation perks, and working-parent-friendly benefits. From our 24/7 gym access,wellbeing platforms like Headspace and Spill, to sabbatical leave options, HelloFresh is not just a workplace; it's a lifestyle of perks and possibilities!</li>
</ul>
<h2>&nbsp;</h2>
<h2><strong>Are you up for the challenge?</strong></h2>
<p style="text-align: justify;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Please submit your complete application below including your salary expectations and earliest starting date.</span></p>
<p style="text-align: justify;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">After submitting an application our team will review this and get back to you within 5 business days.&nbsp;</span></p>