<p><strong>This is Adyen</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Adyen provides payments, data, and financial products in a single solution for customers like Meta, Uber, H&amp;M, and Microsoft - making us the financial technology platform of choice. At Adyen, everything we do is engineered for ambition.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">For our teams, we create an environment with opportunities for our people to succeed, backed by the culture and support to ensure they are enabled to truly own their careers. We are motivated individuals who tackle unique technical challenges at scale and solve them as a team. Together, we deliver innovative and ethical solutions that help businesses achieve their ambitions faster.</span></p>
<h3><strong>The Opportunity: Where You'll Make an Impact</strong></h3>
<p>As our new L&amp;D Experience Designer &amp; Facilitator, you will be a key architect of our culture of innovation. This isn't about running a calendar of workshops; it's about designing elements of our holistic ecosystem that enable the place for talented people through performance, connection, and culture. You'll design and deliver experiences that unleash the full talent and potential of our people in a way that is meaningful to their everyday work.</p>
<p>This is a role for someone excited to think beyond the classroom, experiment with new ideas, and create learning that inspires. You will:</p>
<ul>
<li>Architect and rethink elements of our learning ecosystem that spark insights and build the capabilities needed to innovate at scale and to elevate our already strong foundations.</li>
<li>Lead the facilitation of new and existing offerings for Individual Contributors, leaders, and teams across Adyen, globally.</li>
<li>Explore, pilot, and integrate AI-powered learning to accelerate skill development and behavioral change.</li>
<li>Use your tech-savviness and eye for design to create beautiful, intuitive, and user-friendly learning materials.</li>
<li>Act as a strategic partner to the business, translating company goals into learning experiences that solve for the right challenge at hand.</li>
<li>Champion our learning philosophy, encouraging a "growth mindset” and a “builder's attitude".</li>
<li>Continuously iterate and improve through data and feedback, and seek out new learning technologies and methodologies to keep raising the bar and driving increasing impact for our learnings and to the business.&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>What You'll Bring to the Team</strong></h3>
<p>We are looking for a unique blend of creativity, empathy, and expertise. We are most interested in your passion for creating the conditions for innovation and talented people to thrive. You'll likely be a great fit if you have:</p>
<ul>
<li>A proven track record of designing learning experiences that not only change behavior but also unlock potential and foster an innovative mindset.</li>
<li>A strong ability to build for the long-term while also adapting to dynamic priorities and needs from the business.</li>
<li>Exceptional facilitation skills (5+ years). You are comfortable and compelling in front of a group (both in-person and virtually, ICs and Team Leads) and can foster a psychologically safe and interactive environment where new ideas are welcome.</li>
<li>A deep-seated curiosity and a portfolio of bold, creative ideas that challenge the conventional wisdom of corporate learning. You see possibilities where others see constraints.</li>
<li>A keen eye for design and a user-centric approach. You believe that the look and feel of a learning experience is crucial to its success.</li>
<li>A strong interest in the application of AI in learning and development. You are excited about the potential of AI to revolutionize how people grow.</li>
<li>A deep sense of empathy and a global mindset, with experience creating learning that resonates across different cultures and contexts.</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>Why You'll Love It Here</strong></h3>
<p>You'll be joining a forward-thinking team with a deep commitment to personal and professional growth, both for our employees and for ourselves. You will have the autonomy to experiment, the support to succeed, and the opportunity to directly contribute to our culture of innovation by shaping the learning landscape of a fast paced company.</p>
<p><strong>We are committed to building a beautifully diverse and inclusive team. We welcome people of all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. If you're excited about this role but your past experience doesn't align perfectly with every qualification in the job description, we encourage you to apply anyway. You may be just the right candidate for this or other roles.</strong></p>
<p><strong>Our Diversity, Equity and Inclusion commitments&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Our unique approach is a product of our diverse perspectives. This diversity of backgrounds and cultures is essential in helping us maintain our momentum. Our business and technical challenges are unique, and we need as many different voices as possible to join us in solving them - voices like yours. No matter who you are or where you’re from, we welcome you to be your true self at Adyen.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Studies show that women and members of underrepresented communities apply for jobs only if they meet 100% of the qualifications. Does this sound like you? If so, Adyen encourages you to reconsider and apply. We look forward to your application!</span></p>
<p><strong>What’s next?</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Ensuring a smooth and enjoyable candidate experience is critical for us. We aim to get back to you regarding your application within 5 business days. Our interview process tends to take about 4 weeks to complete, but may fluctuate depending on the role. </span><a href="https://careers.adyen.com/how-we-hire"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Learn more about our hiring process here</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">. Don’t be afraid to let us know if you need more flexibility.</span></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>This role is based out of our Amsterdam office. We are an office-first company and value in-person collaboration; we do not offer remote-only roles.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>