<h2><strong>Who we are</strong></h2>
<div>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">Helsing is a defense AI company. Our mission is to protect our democracies. We aim to achieve technological leadership, so that open societies can continue to make sovereign decisions and control their ethical standards.</span><span data-ccp-props="{">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">As democracies, we believe we have a special responsibility to be thoughtful about the development and deployment of powerful technologies like AI. We take this responsibility seriously.</span><span data-ccp-props="{">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span data-contrast="none">We are an ambitious and committed team of engineers, AI specialists and customer-facing program managers.<span data-contrast="auto"> We are looking for mission-driven people to join our European teams – and apply their skills to solve the most complex and impactful problems. We embrace an open and transparent culture that welcomes healthy debates on the use of technology in defense, its benefits, and its ethical implications.</span><span data-ccp-props="{">&nbsp;</span></span></p>
</div>
<h2><strong>The role</strong></h2>
<div>
<p>As an IT Engineer, you will be responsible for managing Helsing’s US IT and infrastructure. You will work across teams and geographies to establish secure and trusted infrastructure for collaborative work efforts focused on the transfer, development, and delivery of defense technologies in alignment with applicable regulations, standards, and industry best practices. You will be an essential aspect of Helsing’s ability to deliver complex systems that answer the challenges of tomorrow’s battlefields.</p>
</div>
<h2>The day-to-day</h2>
<ul>
<li>
<p>Configuring and operating endpoints, including workstations, laptops and servers</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Supporting an office of about 10-25 employees</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Setting up and maintaining on-prem computer environments built on Linux</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Configuring and operating our network and VPN infrastructure&nbsp;</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Partnering with Helsing's broader IT team on the operation and continuous optimization of Helsing US’s corporate, development, and customer environments, built primarily using Microsoft 365 and Azure alongside other SaaS solutions</p>
</li>
</ul>
<h2 id="You’ll-do-great-if-you….3" data-renderer-start-pos="15247"><strong>You should apply if you</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>
<p>Have 5+ years of experience in IT infrastructure and information security (ideally in the defense industry)&nbsp;</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Have experience in an IT engineering or SysAdmin role, particularly working with macOS, clients, AWS Cloud environments, Linux servers, and capabilities like Kubernetes</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Have managed modern network infrastructure, ideally including administration of network- and host-based security tools</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Employ strong problem-solving, critical thinking, and analytical skills combined with the ability to find creative solutions</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Your personal values match ours: ownership, initiative, dedication to mission,&nbsp;speed&nbsp;and inclusiveness&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Are collaborative, humble, intellectually curious, and driven to solve hard problems&nbsp;</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Hold a current security clearance (ideally Top Secret)</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Feel strongly about the right of democracies to defend their sovereignty through the fielding of capabilities that bolster deterrence and decisive action</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p><em data-renderer-mark="true"><em data-stringify-type="italic">Note: We operate in an industry where women, as well as other minority groups, are systematically</em>&nbsp;<em data-stringify-type="italic">under-represented. We encourage you to apply even if you don’t meet all the listed qualifications; ability and impact cannot be summarized in a few bullet points.</em></em></p>
<h2><strong>Nice to Have</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>
<p>Experience working with the Microsoft M365 stack</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Experience working with SIEM stacks</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Experience working with Mobile Device Management tools like Intune, Jamf, or JumpCloud</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Experience working with PowerShell, Python, or IaC tooling</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Information security expertise, especially related to regulations specific to CMMC and ITAR</p>
</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong><span data-contrast="auto">Join Helsing and work with world-leading experts in their fields</span><span data-ccp-props="{">&nbsp;</span></strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">Helsing’s work is important. You’ll be directly contributing to the protection of democratic countries while balancing both ethical and geopolitical concerns.</span></p>
</li>
<li>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">The work is unique. We operate in a domain that has highly unusual technical requirements and constraints, and where robustness, safety, and ethical considerations are vital. You will face unique Engineering and AI challenges that make a meaningful impact in the world.</span></p>
</li>
<li>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">Our work frequently takes us right up to the state of the art in technical innovation, be it reinforcement learning, distributed systems, generative AI, or deployment infrastructure. The defense industry is entering the most exciting phase of the technological development curve. Advances in our field of world are not incremental: Helsing is part of, and often leading, historic leaps forward.</span></p>
</li>
<li>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">In our domain, success is a matter of order-of-magnitude improvements and novel capabilities. This means we take bets, aim high, and focus on big opportunities. Despite being a relatively young company, Helsing has already been selected for multiple significant government contracts.</span></p>
</li>
<li>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">We actively encourage healthy, proactive, and diverse debate internally about what we do and how we choose to do it. Teams and individual engineers are trusted (and encouraged) to practice responsible autonomy and critical thinking, and to focus on outcomes, not conformity. At Helsing you will have a say in how we (and you!) work, the opportunity to engage on what does and doesn’t work, and to take ownership of aspects of our culture that you care deeply about.</span></p>
</li>
</ul>
<h2 id="What-we-offer" data-renderer-start-pos="3238"><span id="6afa48f9-b797-428b-aa69-0bc8163b3593" data-renderer-mark="true" data-mark-type="annotation" data-mark-annotation-type="inlineComment" data-id="6afa48f9-b797-428b-aa69-0bc8163b3593">What we offer</span></h2>
<ul>
<li>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">A focus on outcomes, not time-tracking</span></p>
</li>
<li>
<p>A generous compensation and benefits package (in addition to base salary) that includes, but may not be limited to, insurance coverage (medical and travel), flexible paid time off, paid holidays, and remote and/or hybrid work available depending on position. All compensation and benefits are subject to the terms and conditions of the underlying plans or programs, as applicable and as may be amended, terminated or superseded from time to time.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><em data-stringify-type="italic">Helsing is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We will consider all qualified applicants without regard to race, color, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, protected veteran status, genetics, or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state, or local law.</em></p><div class="content-conclusion"><div>&nbsp;</div>
<div>Helsing's Candidate Privacy and Confidentiality Regime can be found <a href="https://helsing.ai/candidate-privacy-and-confidentiality-regime/" target="\_blank">here</a>.&nbsp;</div>
<div>&nbsp;</div>
<div>&nbsp;</div></div>