<div class="content-intro"><p>We are a global team of innovators and pioneers dedicated to shaping the future of observability. At New Relic, we build an intelligent platform that empowers companies to thrive in an AI-first world by giving them unparalleled insight into their complex systems. As we continue to expand our global footprint, we're looking for passionate people to join our mission. If you're ready to help the world's best companies optimize their digital applications, we invite you to explore a career with us!</p></div><p><strong>Your opportunity</strong></p>
<p><em>We are looking for an outstanding Recruiter for our new India Product hub! In this role, you will not only source and hire top talent, but you will also cultivate strategic partnerships and collaborate with various team members (Human Resources Business Partners, Compensation, Finance, and Operations) to build and implement a hiring strategy.In addition to being a key recruiting partner, you also have a curiosity about talent programs, employment branding, and analytics - this is one of your passions! If you are someone who thrives in a fast-paced environment where you can be your authentic self and contribute your talent acquisition expertise, this role is perfect for you!</em></p>
<p><strong>What you'll do</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><em>Develop relationships at all levels of the business, meeting regularly with leaders to understand business needs and recommend effective and tailored recruiting strategies</em></li>
<li><em>Develop, implement, and deliver recruiting strategies to fill current openings and build a diverse pipeline while providing a premium experience to both our candidates and hiring managers</em></li>
<li><em>Proactively source (e.g. networking, internet research, cold calling, events &amp; conferences) to build our Talent Community</em></li>
<li><em>Maintain in-depth and up-to-date knowledge of top talent, companies, competitive industries and trends and act as trusted advisor to the business on this matter</em></li>
<li><em>Drive continuous adoption and adaptation of Hiring for Success within the business to ensure great experience internally and externally</em></li>
</ul>
<p><em>In partnership with internal team members evolve process, develop tools and initiatives to meet the unique hiring challenges</em></p>
<p><strong>This role requires</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>9+ years related experience as a full-lifecycle Recruiter with expert-level skills in identifying and hiring GTM talent</li>
<li>Demonstrable experience developing and implementing recruiting sourcing strategies and proactively building a pipeline of diverse talent</li>
<li>Ability to apply effective communication skills to successfully influence and advise business leaders</li>
<li>Passion around social media, Internet research, and employment branding</li>
<li>Data-driven approach to problem-solving</li>
<li>Dedication to stellar candidate experience</li>
<li>Proven understanding of the labor market and general India employment laws and regulations with the ability to assimilate and educate hiring teams</li>
</ul>
<p><em>Please note that visa sponsorship is not available for this position.</em></p><div class="content-conclusion"><p>Fostering a diverse, welcoming and inclusive environment is important to us. We work hard to make everyone feel comfortable bringing their best, most authentic selves to work every day. We celebrate our talented Relics’ different backgrounds and abilities, and recognize the different paths they took to reach us – including nontraditional ones. Their experiences and perspectives inspire us to make our products and company the best they can be. We’re looking for people who feel connected to our mission and values, not just candidates who check off all the boxes.&nbsp;</p>
<p>If you require a reasonable accommodation to complete any part of the application or recruiting process, please reach out to <a href="mailto:resume@newrelic.com" target="\_blank">resume@newrelic.com</a>.</p>
<p>We believe in empowering all Relics to achieve professional and business success through a flexible workforce model. This model allows us to work in a variety of workplaces that best support our success, including fully office-based, fully remote, or hybrid.</p>
<p><strong>Our hiring process</strong><br><br>In compliance with applicable law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work and to complete employment eligibility verification. Note: Our stewardship of the data of thousands of customers means that a criminal background check is required to join New Relic.<br><br>We will consider qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records based on individual circumstances and in accordance with applicable law including, but not limited to, the&nbsp;<a href="https://sfgov.org/olse/sites/default/files/FCO%20poster2020.pdf" target="\_blank">San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance</a>.<br><br>Headhunters and recruitment agencies may not submit resumes/CVs through this website or directly to managers. New Relic does not accept unsolicited headhunter and agency resumes, and will not pay fees to any third-party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with New Relic.</p>
<p>New Relic develops and distributes encryption software and technology that complies with U.S. export controls and licensing requirements. Certain New Relic roles require candidates to pass an export compliance assessment as a condition of employment in any global location. If relevant, we will provide more information later in the application process.</p>
<p>Candidates are evaluated based on qualifications, regardless of race, religion, ethnicity, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender expression or identity, age, disability, neurodiversity, veteran or marital status, political viewpoint, or other legally protected characteristics.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Review our Applicant Privacy Notice at&nbsp;<a href="https://newrelic.com/termsandconditions/applicant-privacy-policy" target="\_blank">https://newrelic.com/termsandconditions/applicant-privacy-policy</a></p></div>