<h2><span style="font-size: 14pt;"><strong>Who we are</strong></span></h2>
<h3><strong>About Stripe</strong></h3>
<p>Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies—from the world’s largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyone’s reach while doing the most important work of your career.</p>
<h3><strong>About the team</strong></h3>
<p>As a Sales Development Representative (SDR) on the Greater China (GCN) team at Stripe, you’ll support some of the region’s largest and most innovative companies across various industries. You’ll help power Stripe’s growth engine by partnering closely with the Demand Generation and Account Executive teams to qualify leads and build a high-quality sales pipeline. You&nbsp;thrive on engaging with prospects, uncovering their needs, and identifying high-value opportunities. You’re skilled at navigating early-stage sales conversations and energized by both learning new products and articulating their value in complex scenarios.</p>
<p>You also enjoy building – whether it’s improving the demand generation and sales processes, sharpening how we communicate Stripe’s value, or creating tools and assets that help the team scale. If you’re hungry, curious, persistent, and a strong team player, we’d love to hear from you.</p>
<p>For the first months, you’ll be part of the SD Associate program which is designed to accelerate your onboarding and ramp to full productivity as an SDR. &nbsp;This intensive program is built to help you quickly build and develop skills required to be successful in this role. Upon completion, you’ll continue learning and growing in your career as part of Stripe’s Sales Development Academy. These programs are endorsed and supported by sales leaders as an important part of investing in our people.</p>
<p>We take a data driven, analytical approach to sales development, and are looking for someone who is confident in both prospecting to customers and in helping design our strategy. If you’re hungry, smart, persistent, and a great teammate, we want to hear from you!</p>
<h2><span style="font-size: 14pt;">What you’ll do</span></h2>
<h3>Responsibilities</h3>
<ul>
<li>Research and create outreach materials for high value prospects, in partnership with SDRs and AEs</li>
<li>Follow up with Marketing generated leads to qualify as sales opportunities. Move solid leads through the funnel connecting them to a salesperson, and arranging meetings</li>
<li>Execute outbound sales plays created by marketing</li>
<li>Initiate contact with potential customers through cold-calling or responding to inquiries generated from Marketing</li>
<li>Develop relationships with prospects to uncover needs through effective questioning to qualify interest and viability to prepare hand-off to sales</li>
<li>Follow-up with potential customers who expressed interest but did not initially result in a sales opportunity</li>
<li>Effectively work through lead list meeting/exceeding SLAs, consistently update activity and contact information within the CRM system and support weekly reporting efforts</li>
<li>Collaborate and provide feedback and insights to Marketing to help improve targeting and messaging</li>
<li>Prospect into enterprises of all sizes across the APAC region using a variety of tools and outreach methods</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<h2><span style="font-size: 14pt;"><strong>Who you are</strong></span></h2>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply.&nbsp;</span></p>
<h3>Minimum requirements</h3>
<ul>
<li>A track record of top performance or prior success</li>
<li>Superior verbal and written communication skills</li>
<li>Self starter who is able to operate in a hyper growth environment</li>
<li>Native fluency in Mandarin Chinese is required for this role, as it involves working primarily with companies from the Greater China region</li>
<li>This role requires in-office participation three (3) days per week in our Singapore office</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>At Stripe, we're looking for people with passion, grit, and integrity. You're encouraged to apply even if your experience doesn't precisely match the job description. Your skills and passion will stand out—and set you apart—especially if your career has taken some extraordinary twists and turns. At Stripe, we welcome diverse perspectives and people who think rigorously and aren't afraid to challenge assumptions. Join us.</p>