<div class="job\_\_description body">
<div>
<p>Canonical is a leading provider of open source software and operating systems to the global enterprise and technology markets. Our platform, Ubuntu, is very widely used in breakthrough enterprise initiatives such as public cloud, data science, AI, engineering innovation, and IoT. Our customers include the world's leading public cloud and silicon providers, and industry leaders in many sectors. The company is a pioneer of global distributed collaboration, with 1200+ colleagues in 75+ countries and very few office-based roles. Teams meet two to four times yearly in person, in interesting locations around the world, to align on strategy and execution.</p>
<p>The company is founder-led, profitable, and growing.</p>
<p>We are hiring a <strong>Go (Golang) Software Engineer, Developer Tooling and Containers</strong> to <span style="font-weight: 400;">work on a new open-source developer experience tool. We are rethinking typical developer workflows, trying to preserve what people love about traditional Linux while enabling people to work better in immutable distro environments, as well as with remote cloud resources. You'll join to work on a product that is deeply and securely integrated with Ubuntu desktop, modern IDEs, and SDKs from publishers like NVIDIA, Intel, AMD and others. Our ultimate goal is to free developers from the hours of tedious environment setup across multiple industry domains such as Robotics, MLOps, IoT. Come help us to make Ubuntu the greatest platform for software engineers!</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">The role implies a deep interest in crafting tools for software engineers. It requires taste in experience design, and will benefit from experience with professional Linux based software development, Linux system-level fundamentals and containers. As a team, we value intellectual honesty in decision-making, peer reviews, and writing clear and maintainable code. While we are building a full team including senior, junior and entry-level roles, the senior roles require a strong understanding of containers and the kernel semantics and capabilities that underpin them.</span></p>
<p><strong>Location: </strong><em><span style="font-weight: 400;">This team is based in the APAC region, these remote roles can be filled from anywhere in APAC time zones.</span></em></p>
<h3><strong>The role entails</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Design the user experience of new capabilities in the tool</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Write high-quality code to create new features</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Obsess with correctness and robustness of your work for diverse use cases</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Go the extra mile in making sure the software you create addresses a well-defined problem</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Think carefully through implementation strategy from the perspective of performance, quality and security</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Work with teams both inside and outside of Canonical</span></li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>What we are looking for in you</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">You have professional software development experience using Go, Python, C, or C++</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">You know Linux system-level fundamentals, for example, cgroups and namespaces</span></li>
</ul>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">In addition:</span></p>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">You are curious, thoughtful, articulate, and accountable</span></li>
<li>Exceptional academic track record from both high school and university</li>
<li>Undergraduate degree in a technical subject or a compelling narrative about your alternative chosen path</li>
<li>Confidence to respectfully speak up, exchange feedback, and share ideas without hesitation</li>
<li>Professional written and spoken English with excellent presentation skills</li>
<li>Ability to travel internationally twice a year for company events up to two weeks long</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>Nice-to-have skills</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Experience with LXC/LXD</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Experience with AI/ML and/or CUDA/OpenVINO</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Knowledge of system and language package managers internals</span></li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>What we offer colleagues</strong></h3>
<p>We consider geographical location, experience, and performance in shaping compensation worldwide. We revisit compensation annually (and more often for graduates and associates) to ensure we recognize outstanding performance. In addition to base pay, we offer a performance-driven annual bonus or commission. We provide all team members with additional benefits which reflect our values and ideals. We balance our programs to meet local needs and ensure fairness globally.</p>
<ul>
<li>Distributed work environment with twice-yearly team sprints in person</li>
<li>Personal learning and development budget of USD 2,000 per year</li>
<li>Annual compensation review</li>
<li>Recognition rewards</li>
<li>Annual holiday leave</li>
<li>Maternity and paternity leave</li>
<li>Team Member Assistance Program &amp; Wellness Platform</li>
<li>Opportunity to travel to new locations to meet colleagues</li>
<li>Priority Pass and travel upgrades for long-haul company events</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>About Canonical</strong></h3>
<p>Canonical is a pioneering tech firm at the forefront of the global move to open source. As the company that publishes Ubuntu, one of the most important open-source projects and the platform for AI, IoT, and the cloud, we are changing the world of software. We recruit on a global basis and set a very high standard for people joining the company. We expect excellence; in order to succeed, we need to be the best at what we do. Most colleagues at Canonical have worked from home since our inception in 2004.​ Working here is a step into the future and will challenge you to think differently, work smarter, learn new skills, and raise your game.</p>
<p><strong>Canonical is an equal opportunity employer</strong></p>
<p>We are proud to foster a workplace free from discrimination. Diversity of experience, perspectives, and background create a better work environment and better products.<a href="https://canonical.com/careers/diversity/identity"> Whatever your identity, we will give your application fair consideration.</a></p>
<p>#LI-remote</p>
</div>
</div>