<div class="content-intro"><h3>About ClickHouse</h3>
<p>Recognized on the 2025 Forbes Cloud 100 list, ClickHouse is one of the most innovative and fast-growing private cloud companies. With more than 3,000 customers and ARR that has grown over 250 percent year over year, ClickHouse leads the market in real-time analytics, data warehousing, observability, and AI workloads.</p>
<p>The company’s sustained, accelerating momentum was recently validated by a $400M Series D financing round. Over the past three months, customers including Capital One, Lovable, Decagon, Polymarket, and Airwallex have adopted the platform or expanded existing deployments. These customers join an established base of AI innovators and global brands such as Meta, Cursor, Sony, and Tesla.</p>
<p>We’re on a mission to transform how companies use data. Come be a part of our journey!</p></div><p>We are currently growing our support team at ClickHouse who provides excellent service to our customers around the world. We are seeking a <strong>Technical Support Engineer </strong>to join our global Support Engineering team. We hope to find you ready to take on a large variety of tasks related to our customers locally in India as well as more regionally across APJ and EMEA. This is a customer-facing role that will include customer interactions via chat, calls, Slack messages, and virtual meetings over video. You will be owning a wide variety of tasks: from triaging support tickets to user community support, helping with both pre- and post- sales customer activities, partnering with our Go To Market team with deeply technical aspects of POCs, and suggesting improvements to how we do things in Support at ClickHouse. This is a great opportunity for someone ready to roll-up their sleeves and help us expand our regional presence in India!</p>
<p><strong>What you will be doing:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Supporting and guiding our ClickHouse users, customers, and prospects via cases, chat, Slack, community, and meetings</li>
<li>Develop solutions based on ClickHouse Cloud and ClickHouse open-source that can be shared with our users, community, and customers via documentation, knowledge base, blogs, meetups, webinars, and training</li>
<li>Work closely with our global Support Services, Engineering, Go to Market, and Product Management teams to help define functionality required by users and customers</li>
<li>Assist with mentoring, training, and sharing your knowledge with colleagues, users, and customers&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>And of course:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>You will deliver excellent customer service as a first-line technical engineer and representative of ClickHouse. Our Support Engineers provide professional response, on-call coverage, and guidance within the required Service Level Agreements ("SLAs") on technical cases that are opened via a ticketing system, email, Slack, chat, and/or phone</li>
<li>You will build strong, trusted relationships with colleagues, customers, and partners</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>What you bring along:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Technical breadth and depth in ClickHouse open-source or Cloud, or in domains relevant to ClickHouse, such as: SQL databases, OLAP, cloud-native SaaS, distributed systems, Kubernetes, Docker</li>
<li>Previous technical experience in roles such as Support Engineer, Technical Account Manager, Database Administrator, Site Reliability Engineer, Solutions Engineer, Software Engineer, and/or Systems Engineer</li>
<li>Be present and available according to the scheduling required to deliver high-quality 24x7 Support in a global, distributed environment</li>
<li>Strong written and verbal English communication skills and the ability to work fully remote with reliable connectivity</li>
<li>A mindset of teamwork, global engagement, empathy, and solving challenging problems</li>
<li>A sense of adventure and urgency in building the most scalable, high-performing, largest, and fastest databases on the planet</li>
<li>The ability to build trusted relationships with colleagues, customers, and partners</li>
<li>You are self-driven, curious, and eager to continuously learn and grow</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Bonus points:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Experience with ClickHouse</li>
<li>Experience with OSS and open-source technologies, as a user, community member, or contributor</li>
<li>Experience with Azure, GCP or AWS</li>
<li>Experience with data pipelines such as Kafka, Kinesis, Spark, RabbitMQ, or others</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><h3><strong>Compensation</strong></h3>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">For roles based in the&nbsp;<strong>United States</strong>, t</span>he typical starting salary range for this position is listed above. In certain locations, such as the San Francisco Bay Area and the New York City Metro Area, a premium market range may apply, as listed.</p>
<p class="p1">These salary ranges reflect what we reasonably and in good faith believe to be the minimum and maximum pay for this role at the time of posting. The actual compensation may be higher or lower than the amounts listed, and the ranges may be subject to future adjustments.</p>
<p class="p1">An individual’s placement within the range will depend on various factors, including (but not limited to) education, qualifications, certifications, experience, skills, location, performance, and the needs of the business or organization.</p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">If you have any questions or comments about compensation as a candidate, please get in touch with us at&nbsp;<a href="mailto:paytransparency@clickhouse.com">paytransparency@clickhouse.com</a>.</span></p>
<h3><strong>Perks</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><strong>Flexible work environment</strong><span style="font-weight: 400;"> - ClickHouse is a globally distributed company and remote-friendly. We currently operate in over 20 countries.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><strong>Healthcare</strong><span style="font-weight: 400;"> - Employer contributions towards your healthcare.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><strong>Equity in the company</strong><span style="font-weight: 400;"> - Every new team member who joins our company receives stock options.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><strong>Time off</strong><span style="font-weight: 400;"> - Flexible time off in the US, generous entitlement in other countries.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><strong>A $500 Home office setup </strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">if you’re a remote employee.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><strong>Global Gatherings </strong>– We believe in the power of in-person connection and offer opportunities to engage with colleagues at company-wide offsites.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Culture - We All Shape It</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">As part of a rapidly scaling start up, you will be instrumental in shaping our culture.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Are you interested in finding out more about our culture? &nbsp;Learn more about our values <a href="https://clickhouse.com/company/careers">here</a>.&nbsp; Check out our<a href="https://clickhouse.com/blog"> blog posts</a> or follow us on <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/company/clickhouseinc/life/0c1ee7f4-2129-488d-b413-e7f6270659fd/?viewAsMember=true">LinkedIn</a> to find out more about what’s happening at ClickHouse.</span></p>
<p><strong>Equal Opportunity &amp; Privacy&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>ClickHouse provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any type based on factors such as race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws.&nbsp;</p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Please see&nbsp;<a href="https://clickhouse.com/legal/applicant-privacy-notice" target="\_blank" data-saferedirecturl="https://www.google.com/url?q=https://www.elastic.co/legal/applicant-privacy-statement&amp;source=gmail&amp;ust=1611068262479000&amp;usg=AFQjCNG3orAPk5sJIr9WVm0ZDxYw82c5DA">here</a>&nbsp;for our Privacy Statement.</span></p></div>