<p>When travelers are searching for a hotel, we want the obvious choice to be trivago! Our leading metasearch engine is super fast and constantly optimized - enabling millions of travelers to compare hotel prices from hundreds of booking sites and find great deals in just a few clicks. We use cutting-edge technology, real-time auction, and machine learning techniques with petabytes of data to create an experience - time and money saved! In the lively city of Düsseldorf, we seize opportunities to learn everyday, innovate, and make an enduring mark on the travel industry. At trivago you will find those who aren’t afraid of change but rather embrace it, turning every challenge into a pathway for growth. Join trivago, work with a great team, and grow with us!</p>
<h3><strong>Join us in making a difference</strong></h3>
<p>We are looking for a <strong>Systems Engineer </strong>to support in scaling our tech operations. You will be responsible for influencing and collaborating with multiple teams to identify and provide the best solutions and infrastructure. If your suggestions work on a small scale, you’ll get to see them implemented in data centers and Cloud regions around the globe and make a difference to the experience of 120 million monthly users.</p>
<p><br>Does this sound like the right challenge for you? Then we’d love to hear from you!</p>
<p><strong>Get an inside look at trivago's engineering culture:</strong></p>
<p>&nbsp;<iframe src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/Oj40td9NTvY" width="560" height="314"></iframe></p>
<h3><strong>How you’ll make an impact:</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Tackle some of the leading software and system issues in a multi-region large scale and highly dynamic environment.</li>
<li>Advise and collaborate with our different product teams to provide the best solutions and infrastructure.</li>
<li>Help us stay one step ahead. You’ll be encouraged to challenge our current processes and explore different new approaches.</li>
<li>Share your ideas, research new trends and work on projects to help us improve.</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>What you'll need to thrive:</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>An excellent communicator and solution-oriented mindset: You can quickly identify pain points and remediate them.</li>
<li>5-7+ years’ work experience in a large scale environment.</li>
<li>A solid understanding of Linux or UNIX, Cloud technologies and containerized workloads.</li>
<li>A profound DevOps mindset paired with solid knowledge of systems architecture and infrastructure.</li>
<li>The ability to handle the pressure of big responsibility and tight deadlines.</li>
<li>A proactive personality. We want someone who will speak their mind, think along with the teams and ask questions.</li>
<li>A good eye for efficiency gains through automation.</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>Stand out with:</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Work experience in one or more of the following fields: Software Engineering, DevOps/Automation, designing reusable platforms, Web Infrastructure and Open Source.</li>
<li>Proficiency in Google Cloud.</li>
</ul>
<p>Worried about missing a few requirements? Still apply, and express your motivation as you may just be the right candidate for this or other roles!</p>
<h3 id="Jobadtemplate-2025version-6.Whatyoucanlookforwardto:(H3onGreenhouse)">What you can look forward to:</h3>
<p><strong>As you grow, so do we.</strong></p>
<p>This is why at trivago, we prioritize your development, offer personalized coaching through Nilo, and provide workshops, educational meetups, conferences, free online learning courses, and access to a fully-equipped campus library.</p>
<p><strong>Moving to join us?</strong></p>
<p>No problem. You can count on the visa support from our talent support team, a relocation package, interest-free newcomer loan, free language classes, regular team and company-wide events to build experiences together.</p>
<p><strong>Life happens.</strong></p>
<p>We offer self-determined vacation (with a minimum of 25 vacation days), flexible working hours, up to 2 work from home days weekly. Additionally you can work remotely from a different location, within Germany or selected countries abroad for up to 20 days per year. You also get free access to the Heycare platform for personalized nanny assistance, and an on-campus kids room.</p>
<p><strong>Enjoy your office days.</strong></p>
<p>Use your daily canteen budget to share lunch with colleagues in our canteen, help yourself to complimentary snacks and drinks in our kitchens,&nbsp;<strong>choose from a variety of fitness options with our on-site gym, sports classes, and Urban Sports Club membership</strong>, and enjoy the comfort of ergonomic desks and focused work areas.</p>
<p><span style="color: rgb(255, 255, 255);">#LI-DNI</span></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><em>Thank you for considering a career at trivago! Our commitment to fostering an inclusive and enriching environment for all talents is at the heart of what we do. We understand that embarking on a new job opportunity is a blend of excitement and curiosity. Should any questions arise before you apply, feel free to reach out to us at </em><strong><em><a href="mailto:joinus@trivago.com">joinus@trivago.com</a></em></strong><em>. Join us in our mission to make a positive impact on global travel, w</em><em>e look forward to your application!</em></p>
<p style="display: none;">#LI-Hybrid</p></div>