<div class="content-intro"><p><strong>500M+ downloads. 80M+ monthly users. A decade of building – and we’re still accelerating.</strong></p>
<p>Flo is the world’s #1 health &amp; fitness app worldwide on a mission to build a better future for female health. Backed by a $200M investment led by General Atlantic, we became the first product of our kind to reach a $1B valuation in 2024 – and we’re not slowing down.</p>
<p>With 7M paid subscribers and the highest-rated experience in the App Store’s health category, we’ve spent 10 years earning trust at scale. Now, we’re building the next generation of digital health – AI-powered, privacy-first, clinically backed – to help our users know their body better.</p>
<p><strong>The job</strong></p></div><p>Flo Health is looking for a Mixed Methods Senior UX Researcher to work on its core monetisation products and features. This role will have a place defining the future of acquisition, activation, engagement, conversion, pricing, packaging, retention, and revenue-related experiences at Flo.</p>
<p><strong>Your Experience</strong></p>
<p><strong>Must have:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>At least 5+ years of hands-on research experience in a fast-paced B2C product environment - we are also open to Consumer Insights and Market Research experience if it has significant quantitative and commercial experience</li>
<li>Proven ability to independently lead research projects from conception to completion</li>
<li>Strong qualitative experience including (but not limited to!) in-depth interviews, usability testing, diary studies, concept testing, and journey-based research</li>
<li>Quantitative experience including (but not limited to!) designing and analyse surveys to validate hypotheses and size opportunities, using behavioral and product data to produce insights, interpret experiment results through a user-centered lens</li>
<li>Proven track record of supporting growth, commercial, or monetisation initiatives in digital products</li>
<li>Experience working closely with Product Managers and Data Analysts</li>
<li>Proactive mindset with a track record of identifying new opportunities for product development through research</li>
<li>Strong understanding of the end-to-end product development lifecycle</li>
<li>Strong analytical thinking and comfort working with product metrics and experiment outcomes</li>
<li>Strong communication and storytelling skills, with the ability to advocate for research and influence decision-making across teams</li>
<li>Comfortable working in a flexible environment with changing priorities</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Nice to have:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Experience in consumer subscription businesses, healthtech, fintech, SaaS, or mobile-first products</li>
<li>Experience optimising web funnels, checkout flows and subscription-based products</li>
<li>Experience with segmentation, driver analysis, and measurement frameworks where relevant</li>
<li>Experience using analytical languages such as SQL, Python, or R&nbsp;</li>
<li>Experience working with stakeholders of varying research maturity, effectively educating them on the value of UX research in their workflows</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>What you'll be doing</strong></p>
<p><strong>You'll be responsible for:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Lead, scope and execute end-to-end mixed methods research across commercial and monetisation problem spaces</li>
<li>Work with the Research Manager to build research roadmaps aligned to product and business priorities</li>
<li>Create quantitative and qualitative frameworks to help commercial stakeholders understand insights needs and inform product roadmaps</li>
<li>Produce high-quality research reports and deliverables that incorporate storytelling and the user’s voice</li>
<li>Connect attitudinal and behavioral insights to commercial outcomes</li>
<li>Partner with PMs, Designers, Data Analysts, Product Marketing, and Commercial teams to shape hypotheses and prioritisation</li>
<li>Inform experiment design with user insight before launch</li>
<li>Planning and facilitating workshops to embed findings and ensure they’re acted on</li>
<li>Upskill the UXR function on survey design and overall quantitative and analytic savvy</li>
</ul>
<p><span style="color: rgb(255, 255, 255);">#LI-Hybrid #LI-AJ1</span></p><div class="content-pay-transparency"><div class="pay-input"><div class="title">Annual Salary Range (ranges may vary based on skills and experience)</div><div class="pay-range"><span>£68,000</span><span class="divider">&mdash;</span><span>£81,000 GBP</span></div></div></div><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>How we work</strong></p>
<p>We’re a mission-led, product-driven team. We move fast, stay focused and take ownership – from brief to build to impact. Debate is encouraged. Decisions are shared. We care about craft, ship with purpose, and always raise the bar.</p>
<p>You’ll be working with people who take their work seriously, not themselves. It takes commitment, resilience, and the drive to keep going when things get tough. Because better health outcomes are worth it.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>What you'll get</strong></p>
<p>We support impact with meaningful reward. Here’s what that looks like:</p>
<ul>
<li>Competitive salary and annual reviews</li>
<li>Opportunity to participate in Flo’s performance incentive scheme</li>
<li>Paid holiday, sick leave, and female health leave</li>
<li>Enhanced parental leave and pay for maternity, paternity, same-sex and adoptive parents</li>
<li>Accelerated professional growth through world-changing work and learning support</li>
<li>In-person collaboration and work in a hybrid model, with 3 days per week spent in the office</li>
<li>5-week fully paid sabbatical at 5-year Floversary</li>
<li>Flo Premium for friends &amp; family, plus more health, pension and wellbeing perks</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Diversity, equity and inclusion</strong></p>
<p>Our strength is in our differences. At Flo, hiring is based on merit, skill and what you bring to the role – nothing else. We’re proud to be an equal opportunity employer, and we welcome applicants from all backgrounds, communities and identities. Read our <a href="https://flo.health/privacy-policy-for-job-applicants">privacy notice for job applicants</a>.</p></div>