**OUR STORY:**

🇪🇺 Join Scaleway and shape the sovereign cloud of tomorrow !

Since 1999, we have been designing secure, sustainable infrastructures aimed at supporting the most ambitious companies.

Historically known for our dedicated servers (Dedibox), we made a strategic shift to cloud computing in 2015. Staying true to our principles of simplicity, flexibility, and technical excellence, we have become one of the leading players in Europe in the sector.

With the rise of artificial intelligence, we have strengthened our commitment, supported by the Iliad Group, which is investing €3 billion to develop a serious, sovereign AI alternative to American and Asian giants.

Every day, thanks to our fast-growing portfolio of cloud and AI products (bare metal, containerization, serverless, AI, etc.), Scaleway proudly serves thousands of customer across the private and public sector, from corporations like France Télévisions or Hachette Livre, to fast-growing startups like Photoroom and Biolevate, to institutions like the City of Copenhagen.

📍 Our offices are located in **Paris, Lille, Toulouse, Rennes, Rouen, Bordeaux and Lyon.**

**WHY WE NEED YOU ?**

Our growth is driving us to strengthen our Product Design team within the Compute Tribe to support the evolution of our core cloud computing products and deliver a best-in-class user experience.

Your mission will be to design and optimize the Scaleway console experience for Compute products (CPU/GPU Instances, Kubernetes, Serverless, Containers Registry, etc.) in order to transform complex cloud infrastructure challenges into simple, intuitive, and efficient user journeys for developers, DevOps engineers, and enterprises.

**YOUR FUTURE TEAM :**

We work in a collaborative and international environment where the diversity of Scalers, combined with a spirit of sharing, helps bring new projects to life every day, advancing our ambitions together.

You will be part of a team of experienced Product Designers within a broader Experience department (including User Research, Visual Design, PMM, and Documentation). You will join the Compute Tribe and collaborate closely with Product Managers, Engineering Managers, Developers, and UX Writers. The team focuses on Scaleway’s core cloud computing portfolio: Virtual Machines (CPU/GPU), Kubernetes, Containers Registry, and Serverless Compute.

You will report to Lorenzo Palacios Venin, Lead Product Design, and work closely with the tribe’s actual Product Designer, who will support your growth and integration.

**YOUR DAILY ROUTINE :**

- **Discover & Define:**Driven by your Product Manager(s) and the UX Research team, you’ll jump into user interviews or user story mapping to understand your users’ problems and produce a solution.

- **Delivery:**You will produce low/high-fidelity prototypes in order to present meaningful solutions during design review and developers handoff

- **Testing & Quality:** You know that a design is good only if it works!With the help of your PM and the UX Research team, you’ll organize usability and user testing and report results to your team

- **People & Collaboration:** You’ll be part of your tribe’s triforce, working closely with your PM, Front-end Developers, Tech & UX writers, to ensure the best value delivered in a collective way. You’ll be part of the Product Design team as well, and for this reason, you won’t hesitate to trigger design critiques with your design teammates

- **Culture:**As part of the Design team, you’ll play a role in evangelizing Design internally by participating in onboardings or other internal events!

**ABOUT YOU:**

**SOFTSKILLS :**

- Empathy and strong user-centric mindset

- Ability to simplify complex technical topics

- Excellent communication and collaboration skills

- Autonomy and strong prioritization abilities

- Positive attitude, resilience, and openness to feedback

**💻 HARDSKILLS :**

- 7+ years of experience in Product Design, ideally in B2B SaaS or tech environments

- Proven experience designing complex interfaces (dashboards, SaaS tools, infrastructure management platforms)

- Strong expertise in Figma and prototyping workflows

- Experience conducting user research and usability testing

- Ability to collaborate closely with PMs and Developers in agile environments

- Experience with data-driven design (Amplitude, Metabase, HotJar is a plus)

- Strong command of English (written and spoken)

**WHAT YOU WILL FIND AT SCALEWAY ++++**

**Hybrid work:** We offer up to 3 days of remote work per week.

**Offices:** Our offices are spacious, dynamic workspaces with bold design, conveniently located near public transport. Most of our offices feature outdoor spaces (terraces) and bike parking facilities.

**Dining:** Our chef provides a healthy meal service at the headquarters, and breakfast is available across all our sites year-round. Scalers working from regional sites enjoy a Swile card for lunches.

**Well-being commitments:** Whether it’s access to a gym, daycare places, or discounted services for caring services, Scaleway is committed to supporting Scalers in maintaining a balanced life.

**International environment:** With dozens of nationalities, Scaleway offers a stimulating environment where English is as widely spoken as French.

**Career & Mobility:** Our managers value internal mobility, and opportunities to transition to other entities within the Iliad Group are accessible to all Scalers.

🚀**Why join the Scaleway adventure ?**

✔ **A rich and diverse product offering:** Scaleway offers over 100 public cloud products in IaaS, PaaS, and AI.

✔ **A cutting-edge technical environment:** Scaleway provides modern infrastructures, including high-performance bare metal servers, to tackle exciting technical challenges.

✔ **Commitment to responsible cloud:** Scaleway is dedicated to a more responsible cloud, with data centers powered solely by renewable energy since 2017, minimizing our ecological footprint and holding top-level certification.

🔜 **THE NEXT STEPS…**

**Discovery call** with a recruiter (45 min)

**Interview with the Lead of Product Design and VP design** to understand your technical skills and approach to the role

**Use Case** to complete at home and present to the PM, Designer and Lead of Product

**Interview with a Software Engineer for culture fit**

**HR interview** to tour our offices and meet your future colleagues

[Version française disponible ici](https://job-desc.s3.fr-par.scw.cloud/CPO_Job%20Description_Senior%20Product%20Designer%20Compute_Design_Fe%CC%81vrier%202026_FR.pdf)

*At Scaleway, we are committed to building an inclusive and respectful workplace where everyone has a fair opportunity to thrive.*

*All applications are considered with care, regardless of age, gender, sexual orientation, ethnic or social background, religion, disability, or any other characteristic.*

*We believe great ideas come from everywhere, and everyone which is why you should definitely apply.*