<h2><strong>Who we are</strong></h2>
<h3><strong>About Stripe</strong></h3>
<p>Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies—from the world’s largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyone’s reach while doing the most important work of your career.</p>
<h3><strong>About the team</strong></h3>
<p>Stripe has higher security and compliance requirements than most companies. This can mean a lot of manual effort, or even semi-automated solutions. We are an infrastructure team that plugs into Stripe's infrastructure and systems to determine the compliance posture, to assist with evidence gathering, and to provide compliance data APIs to the rest of Stripe . Our problems are data pipelines and distributed systems problems, which we solve in tandem with our partner teams in Security and Infrastructure.&nbsp;&nbsp;</p>
<h2><strong>What you’ll do</strong></h2>
<p>You will join one of the teams behind infrastructure platforms used by engineering, security, and business partners at Stripe. You will oversee the development of solutions that may be “from scratch”, built on top of in-house platforms, or leveraging 3rd party solutions. We expect that working along the team’s technical leaders, you will be able to ensure that your team builds software that best meets the needs of Stripe and its customers.&nbsp; We are a highly effective team, consistently delivering high-impact results while genuinely caring for each other.&nbsp;&nbsp;</p>
<p>We’d love to hear from you whether you’ve been working in compliance, security, or infrastructure your whole career, or would like to try your skill set in a new-to-you compliance and infrastructure engineering domain.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Responsibilities</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Work with other Stripe leaders to design and lead the development of infrastructure components that best fulfill Stripe’s compliance obligations.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Empower the engineering team to achieve a high level of technical compliance, reliability, and efficiency.</li>
<li>Recruit great engineers, in collaboration with Stripe’s recruiting team.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Ensure your team is integrated well into Stripe in accordance with Stripe’s operating principles.</li>
<li>Help engineers advance in their careers and develop new skills.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Contribute to engineering-wide initiatives as a member of Stripe’s engineering management team.&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Who you are</strong></h2>
<p>We’re looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.</p>
<h3><strong>Minimum requirements</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>3+ years of management experience or equivalent in a strategic technical leadership role</li>
<li>Hands-on experience building infrastructure and products for internal or external customers</li>
<li>Successfully recruited and built great teams</li>
<li>The ability to thrive on a high level of autonomy and responsibility</li>
<li>Clear and persuasive writing and in-person communication</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>Preferred qualifications:</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Experience building and operating SLO-based infrastructures</li>
<li>Empathetic to customer needs, but visionary enough to not just deliver a faster horse</li>
<li>Comfortable planning in quarters, and can set a vision for several years</li>
<li>Excited about collaborating with teammates across Stripe’s organization, to provide a wonderful user experience for key compliance workflows</li>
<li>Ability to work effectively with a diverse group of people, genuinely caring for each other and contributing to high level of psychological safety for all team members and partners</li>
<li>Comfortable working with geographically distributed teams</li>
<li>Problem-solving skills, determination, and a growth mindset</li>
</ul>
<p>It’s not expected that you’ll have deep expertise in every dimension above, but you should be interested in learning any of the areas that are less familiar.</p>