<div class="content-intro"><h2><span data-sheets-root="1">About Wolt</span></h2>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">At Wolt, we create technology that brings joy, simplicity and earnings to the neighborhoods of the world. In 2014 we started with delivery of restaurant food. Now we’re building the delivery of (almost) everything and you’ll find us in over 500 cities in 30 countries around the world. In 2022 we joined forces with DoorDash and together we keep on dreaming big and expanding across the globe.<br><br>Working at Wolt isn’t always easy, but it’s definitely exciting. Here you’ll learn more, build more, and ship more than in most other companies. You’ll be challenged a lot, but also have a lot of fun on the way. So, if you’re a self-starter with drive and entrepreneurial spirit, this could be the ride of your life.</span></p></div><p><strong>In Norway, Wolt is live in 58 cities,&nbsp; and we’re just getting started. Food delivery was only the beginning. Today, our platform connects people with everything from groceries and cosmetics to flowers, books, electronics, toys and more.</strong></p>
<h2><strong>What you’ll be doing</strong></h2>
<p>As a Key Account Manager, you’ll take full ownership of a portfolio of enterprise restaurant partners and play a central role in driving both growth and profitability for Wolt.<br>You’ll work strategically to develop long-term plans for each partner, while also managing the day-to-day - ensuring great collaboration, identifying new opportunities, and making sure we deliver mutual success.</p>
<p>Your day-to-day will include:</p>
<ul>
<li>Developing and executing growth strategies for your portfolio of partners</li>
<li>Managing overall portfolio performance to meet commercial KPIs such as revenue, product adoption and portfolio growth through sales and customer success strategies</li>
<li>Upselling and implementing new products and services such as Wolt+, Ads, WfW, Wolt Drive, electrical vehicle ads and campaigns</li>
<li>Renegotiating and expanding commercial agreements to increase long-term partner value</li>
<li>Hosting business reviews, market visits and events</li>
<li>Using data and market insights to make informed decisions and identify new opportunities</li>
<li>Collaborating across teams to solve challenges and deliver the best outcomes for partners</li>
<li>Preparing analyses and presentations for key discussions and reviews</li>
<li>Contributing to a positive team spirit and our strong Wolt culture</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Our humble expectations</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>4–6 years of professional experience, and a Bachelor’s or Master’s degree (or equivalent experience)</li>
<li>Proven experience in account management, sales, or customer success with large partners. Proven ability to lead complex negotiations.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Strong commercial mindset with an ability to negotiate and manage key relationships</li>
<li>Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills, with a data-driven approach</li>
<li>A self-starter attitude, comfortable working hands-on in a flat and fast-paced organisation</li>
<li>Strong presentation and stakeholder management skills</li>
<li>Fluency in Norwegian and English</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>What we offer</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>A centrally located office in the heart of Oslo</li>
<li>Complimentary lunch, coffee, drinks and fresh fruit</li>
<li>A supportive and social culture with regular team events</li>
<li>Wolt employee discount on orders</li>
<li>A rapidly growing tech company with career opportunities locally and internationally</li>
<li>An international, dynamic team with a flat hierarchy and start-up mindset</li>
<li>Strong focus on learning, development and professional growth</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Next steps</strong></h2>
<p>If you’re excited about working in a high-growth environment, taking ownership and being part of a passionate team, we’d love to hear from you. Click below to apply and let’s start the conversation!<br><br></p>
<p><iframe src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/GoL541\_xj9w" width="560" height="314"></iframe></p><div class="content-conclusion"><h2><span data-sheets-root="1">Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion</span></h2>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">We’re committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. That’s why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.</span></p></div>