<p>
  <strong>Headquarters:</strong> USA
</p>

<h1>About us</h1><p>B2B payments are a multi-trillion-dollar industry and, as the industry pushes further into digitization and faster settlement, fraud has become a massive problem — to the tune of $43B in annual losses.</p><p><a href="http://www.walrusfi.com/">Walrus</a> is the leader in B2B payment verification, with clients that include some of the biggest names in investment management. Our DoubleCheck platform combines advanced authentication, proprietary technology, AI, and novel UX to collect and confirm payment details. DoubleCheck has defined a new category: verifying the safe transfer of financial information and assets.</p><p>DoubleCheck’s NPS is over 80, NDR last year was 122%, our renewal rate is effectively 100%, and nearly all growth has come via inbound and organic leads. That growth has been exponential, and as a consequence, our financial position is strong, including recent quarters of cash flow positivity. Now we plan to pour fuel on the fire.</p><p>Walrus is led by PhD computer scientists and security researchers, with decades of experience in engineering, cybersecurity, and cryptography, and many research accomplishments at Harvard, Stanford, MIT, the University of Chicago, Columbia, UTexas, and NYU. We’re backed by one of the world's leading fintech VC funds, as well as founders and former executives of Twitter, Google Maps, Databricks, and Kayak.</p><p></p><h1>The role</h1><p>You will be part of the core team at Walrus, working on our <a href="https://walrusfi.com/doublecheck">flagship product</a>, and reporting to the head of engineering. It’s still early days here, and a product role means impact well beyond writing specs. It includes sketching wireframes, developing the product roadmap, formulating strategy, meeting prospective customers, and helping current ones. In more detail, you will:</p><ul><li><p>Determine intuitive flows for new kinds of authentication, payments, reputation, and more.&nbsp;</p></li><li><p>Contribute to product strategy based on deep understanding of customer needs, market trends, and company vision.</p></li><li><p>Collaborate closely with developers to scope, prioritize, and ship new features.</p></li><li><p>Create clear product specifications for both internal and external audiences.</p></li><li><p>Handle technical conversations with customers about product capabilities and requirements.</p></li><li><p>Represent DoubleCheck at industry events, conferences, and to the press.</p></li></ul><h2></h2><p></p><h1>About you</h1><p>You are someone who cares a lot about designing software in a thoughtful way, taking into account business, customer, and user needs. You are comfortable with the idea that product design should be data-driven, using evidence rather than opinion. At the same time, you understand when there isn’t enough data, and you are comfortable making a choice based on taste. You have:</p><ul><li><p>Strong UX sensibilities and ability to sketch wireframes, as needed</p></li><li><p>Proven track record of shipping features that drive business value</p></li><li><p>3+ years of product management experience with full product line responsibility, ideally in B2B SaaS</p></li><li><p>Excellent written and verbal communication skills, particularly in technical contexts</p></li><li><p>Experience gathering and synthesizing customer feedback to inform product decisions</p></li><li><p>Comfort operating in a fast-paced startup environment with high autonomy</p></li><li><p>Technical background or ability to engage deeply in technical discussions</p></li><li><p>Experience managing technical roadmaps and resource allocation across multiple workstreams</p></li><li><p>History of bridging product and engineering functions, particularly in early-stage companies</p></li></ul><p></p><h1>What it’s like to work with us</h1><p>We’re a tight-knit, early-stage team that’s focused on building a product that our customers love. We have a strong company culture based on collaboration, ownership, and mentoring. We meet sparingly and efficiently. We understand our innate biases and celebrate diversity. We have a low-ego workplace, where we provide the tools for everyone to do their best work. You will work closely with the leadership team, and have room for extensive growth within the company.</p><ul><li><p>Remote work is welcomed, but candidates who wish can report to work in NYC (and receive relocation assistance).</p></li><li><p>Walrus offers competitive compensation and benefits, including salary, equity, paid medical insurance, dental, vision, company contribution to wellness, good coverage for dependents, parental leave, retirement, relocation assistance, and unlimited PTO.</p></li></ul><p>We believe talent comes from all backgrounds and walks of life, and are committed to providing a comfortable environment for everyone to work.</p><p><em>The base pay for this position is $115k–$195k (depending on location and experience). There is additionally a substantial equity component, not included in these figures. This information is provided per the New York City Human Rights Law. </em></p>

<p><strong>To apply:</strong> <a href="https://weworkremotely.com/remote-jobs/walrus-senior-product-manager">https://weworkremotely.com/remote-jobs/walrus-senior-product-manager</a></p>