<h1><strong>Global Head of Accounting</strong></h1>
<p><strong>Global Finance – Accounting&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>📍 <strong>Sofia, Bulgaria</strong> (Office-first)</p>
<h2><strong>About SumUp</strong></h2>
<p>We believe in the everyday hero. Those who have the courage to follow their passion and who have the strength and determination to realise their dreams.</p>
<p>Small business owners are at the heart of all we do, so we're creating powerful, easy-to-use financial solutions to help them run their businesses. With a founder’s mentality and a 'team-first’ attitude, our diverse teams across Europe, South America, and the United States work together to ensure that small business owners can be successful doing what they love.</p>
<h2><strong>Team Description</strong></h2>
<p>You will lead SumUp’s strong 50-member Global Accounting Operations team across Brazil, Bulgaria, and Chile, overseeing Record-to-Report, Procure-to-Pay, Order-to-Cash, and Financial Ledger processes in a high-growth, multi-entity fintech environment. This role sits at the centre of our global finance ecosystem, ensuring accounting excellence, operational consistency, and scalable financial infrastructure across regions.</p>
<p>Your impact will go far beyond managing transactional accounting. You will unify regional structures under one global operating model, elevate leadership capability within local teams, and embed automation and process discipline that directly improve reporting accuracy, close timelines, decision-making quality, and adhere to strict ICFR compliance.</p>
<p>Reporting directly to the Vice President of Finance Operations, you will partner closely with Finance leaders, Treasury, FP&amp;A, Global Process Owners, Finance Systems Architect, and an exceptional in-house ERP [SAP] team to strengthen governance, enhance internal controls, and build a future-ready accounting function that supports SumUp’s continued growth.</p>
<p>🎥 Get to know our Sofia office:<a href="https://youtu.be/gqtjm5NUXs0?si=t7YARvQWQHHidD\_z"> Sofia</a></p>
<h2><strong>What You’ll Do</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Lead and develop Accounting Operations teams across Brazil, Bulgaria, and Chile, ensuring strong leadership, capability building, and clear performance standards</li>
<li>Standardise and optimise global R2R, P2P, O2C, and FGL processes to improve close timelines, accuracy, ICFR governance, and scalability</li>
<li>Drive automation initiatives in partnership with Global Process Owners, the Finance Systems Architect, and our own SAP team to reduce manual workload and strengthen internal controls</li>
<li>Ensure consistent IFRS and local GAAP compliance, overseeing month-end and quarter-end close, reconciliations, and financial reporting quality</li>
<li>Provide strategic insight to senior finance leadership, proactively identifying opportunities to improve financial processes, controls, and organisational efficiency</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>You’ll Be Great for This Role If…</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>You have advanced expertise in IFRS, with proven experience overseeing complex, multi-entity accounting operations in financial services or fintech and fast-paced environments.</li>
<li>You have led global accounting teams across multiple regions and successfully driven organisational alignment in complex structures.</li>
<li>You have deep knowledge of SAP or comparable ERP systems and have led automation or systems transformation initiatives.</li>
<li>You are a strategic finance leader who balances operational excellence with long-term scalability and governance</li>
<li>You can operate in a complex and agile organization clearly acknowledging the importance of co-creation, collaboration, and a team-first mindset.</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Why you should join SumUp (Sofia)</strong></h2>
<p>🌍 Opportunity to work with SumUppers globally on large-scale fintech products used by millions of businesses worldwide, from our modern Sofia office. This involves an office-first setup</p>
<p>🌈 Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion: be part of a workplace that values and promotes diversity, fostering an inclusive environment where everyone's perspectives are respected and embraced</p>
<p>🚀 Enrolment onto our Virtual Stock Option programme: you will own a stake in SumUp’s future success</p>
<p>📚 A dedicated annual L&amp;D budget of €2,000 for your individual development, which you can be used to attend conferences and/or advancing your career through further education</p>
<p>🏖️ Generous time off: 25 days of paid leave, plus one extra day per year of service (up to 35), along with public holidays and special leave options</p>
<p>🏥 Peace of mind: comprehensive health and life insurance—includes dental coverage</p>
<p>💪 Stay active: on-site yoga and a co-sponsored Multisport card offering access to hundreds of sports facilities</p>
<p>🍽 Meal support: benefit from a tax-free food voucher program plus flexibility via our Re:Benefits platform</p>
<p>🚌 Easy commute: free shuttle buses connecting directly to Joliot-Curie metro station</p>
<p>👶 Family-friendly: new baby bonus and subsidised daycare for kids aged 9 months to 12 years</p>
<p>🌴 Break4me: 1-month sabbatical after 3 years of service</p>
<p>🔗 Referral Bonus: earn additional rewards by referring talented individuals to join the SumUp team</p>
<h2><strong>About SumUp</strong></h2>
<p>At SumUp, we’re on a mission to empower small businesses around the world with simple, affordable tools to help them start, run, and grow. More than 4 million merchants across 37 markets trust us as their financial partner — and we’re just getting started.</p>
<p>We’re a global team of 3,000+ people from over 90 nationalities, united by curiosity, collaboration, and care. Our<a href="https://youtu.be/1axu-TmW088?si=5NjHKNq5n-1GbXc2"> core values</a> and<a href="https://youtu.be/XEH\_nmJ9KZ4?si=pr6TdFl98FhpD5KG"> culture</a> shape everything we do, fostering inclusion, learning, and belonging.</p>
<p>SumUp is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity employer, committed to building a safe, respectful, and diverse workplace where everyone can thrive.</p>
<p>Explore more about our culture on our<a href="https://www.sumup.com/careers/"> careers site</a>, or follow us on<a href="https://www.linkedin.com/company/sumup/"> LinkedIn</a> and<a href="https://www.instagram.com/insidesumup/"> Instagram</a>.</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>Job Application Tip</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We recognise that candidates feel they need to meet 100% of the job criteria in order to apply for a job. Please note that this is only a guide. If you don’t tick every box, it’s ok too because it means you have room to learn and develop your career at SumUp.</span></p></div>