<div class="content-intro"><p>Astranis builds advanced satellites for high orbits, expanding humanity’s reach into the solar system. Today, Astranis satellites provide dedicated, secure networks to highly-sophisticated customers across the globe— large enterprises, sovereign governments, and the US military. With five satellites on orbit and many more set to launch soon, the company is servicing a backlog of more than $1 billion of commercial contracts.<br><br>Astranis is the preferred satellite communications partner for buyers with stringent requirements for uptime, data security, network visibility, and customization. Astranis has raised over $750 million from some of the world’s best investors, from Andreessen Horowitz to Blackrock and Fidelity, and employs a team of 450 engineers and entrepreneurs. Astranis designs, builds, and operates its satellites out of its 153,000 sq. ft. headquarters in Northern California, USA.</p></div><h4><strong>Spectrum Engineer</strong></h4>
<p>As an Astranis Spectrum Engineer, you will help the Spectrum team maintain a large portfolio of GSO orbital slots around the world. We are also constantly searching and filing for additional orbital slots to serve new customer geographies. Your role will require running detailed coordination analyses with both GSO and NGSO systems, and related analyses&nbsp; for Astranis's global network of ground stations.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Ideally, you have relevant experience in satellite spectrum coordination and interference analysis — or at least strong RF fundamentals — and are eager to help build and maintain the world's largest portfolio of GSO orbital slot filings.</p>
<p>This role will be based in either the SF Bay Area or Washington DC. Other locations considered.</p>
<h4><strong>Role</strong></h4>
<ul>
<li>Support Astranis's technical coordination efforts across its portfolio of GSO orbital slots</li>
<li>Develop Astranis’s orbital portfolio by identifying new opportunities for spectrum rights at GSO orbital slots</li>
<li>Prepare technical materials for FCC, ITU, and other filings</li>
<li>Ensure timely, professional, and technically sound communications with external coordination partners</li>
<li>Ensure Astranis's global network of ground stations remains in good regulatory standing</li>
<li>Run detailed interference analyses for GSO-GSO and GSO-NGSO using Visualyse or similar tools</li>
<li>Coordinate across Astranis internal teams to&nbsp; gather technical data from the sales, and sales engineering teams</li>
<li>Develop technical analyses and comments for FCC proceedings</li>
<li>Support Astranis ITU engagement through developing positions, analyses and input documents to ITU fora and regional preparatory meetings</li>
<li>Represent Astranis at ITU and regional preparatory meetings as needed</li>
</ul>
<h4><strong>Requirements</strong></h4>
<ul>
<li>Strong RF fundamentals</li>
<li>Experience using Visualyse, MATLAB, STK or an equivalent tool</li>
<li>Excellent communication skills, verbal and written</li>
<li>Engineering Bachelor’s (preferred electrical/telecom/space)</li>
<li>1+ years regulatory experience in satellite spectrum matters; other experience levels considered.</li>
</ul>
<h4><strong>Bonus</strong></h4>
<ul>
<li>Has experience running interference studies for coordination purposes (ideally GSO-NGSO and GSO-GSO)</li>
<li>Knows their way around an IFIC</li>
<li>Experience using ITU software to generate orbital slot filings</li>
</ul><div class="content-pay-transparency"><div class="pay-input"><div class="description"><div><strong>What we offer:&nbsp;</strong></div>
<div>&nbsp;</div>
<div>All our positions offer a compensation package that includes equity and robust benefits.</div>
<div>&nbsp;</div>
<div>
<p data-path-to-node="3">Base pay is just one component of Astranis’s total rewards package. Your compensation also includes a significant equity package via incentive stock options, high-quality company-subsidized healthcare, disability and life insurance, 401(k) retirement planning, flexible PTO, and free on-site catered meals.</p>
</div>
<div>Astranis pay ranges are informed and defined through professional-grade salary surveys and compensation data sources. The actual base salary offered to a successful candidate will additionally be influenced by a variety of factors including experience, credentials &amp; certifications, educational attainment, skill level requirements, and the level and scope of the position.</div></div><div class="title">Base Salary</div><div class="pay-range"><span>$110,000</span><span class="divider">&mdash;</span><span>$145,000 USD</span></div></div></div><div class="content-conclusion"><div><strong>U.S. Citizenship, Lawful Permanent Residency, or Refugee/Asylee Status Required</strong></div>
<div>(To comply with U.S. Government space technology export regulations, applicant must be a U.S. citizen, lawful permanent resident of the United States, or other protected individual as defined by 8 U.S.C. 1324b(a)(3))</div>
<div>&nbsp;</div>
<div>Our mission and our products are meant to connect the world and everyone in it, regardless of gender, race, creed, or any other distinction. We believe in a diverse and inclusive workplace, and we encourage all people to join our team and bring their unique perspective to help make us stronger.</div></div>