<div class="content-intro"><h2><span data-sheets-root="1">About Wolt</span></h2>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">At Wolt, we create technology that brings joy, simplicity and earnings to the neighborhoods of the world. In 2014 we started with delivery of restaurant food. Now we’re building the delivery of (almost) everything and you’ll find us in over 500 cities in 30 countries around the world. In 2022 we joined forces with DoorDash and together we keep on dreaming big and expanding across the globe.<br><br>Working at Wolt isn’t always easy, but it’s definitely exciting. Here you’ll learn more, build more, and ship more than in most other companies. You’ll be challenged a lot, but also have a lot of fun on the way. So, if you’re a self-starter with drive and entrepreneurial spirit, this could be the ride of your life.</span></p></div><p>The Senior Software Engineer, People Apps is a key member of the IT-Automations team at Wolt. This role involves working closely with various IT functions and stakeholder organizations within the company to develop and maintain automation solutions that enhance the employee experience. You will be part of a team of highly skilled engineers and developers dedicated to preemptively identifying and addressing the needs of over 10,000+ employees worldwide.</p>
<h2><strong>What You’ll Be Doing</strong><strong><br></strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Design, develop, and deploy services and applications related to automated employee lifecycle management.</li>
<li>Maintain and develop Wolt’s custom-built automation engine and internally directed full-stack applications.</li>
<li>Collaborate with various stakeholder groups to provide automated solutions that assist in their day-to-day tasks.</li>
<li>Prepare instructions and documentation for the developed applications.</li>
<li>Maintain and improve existing codebases.</li>
<li>Proactively identify and resolve potential needs for our employees.</li>
<li>Work closely with other IT functions to help maintain a world-class employee experience.</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Our Humble Expectations</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Strong technical knowledge of Python, Flask, FastAPI, React, Vue.js, Pytest, and PostgreSQL (and other data storage).</li>
<li>Strong interest and relevant experience in software engineering and automation.</li>
<li>Someone who keeps up with automation trends and tries out new technology</li>
<li>Professional communication skills and fluency in English.</li>
<li>A quick thinker who rolls up their sleeves and always finds solutions.</li>
<li>Willingness to travel if needed.</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Tech Stack</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Languages &amp; Frameworks: Python, Flask, FastAPI, Vue.js, React.</li>
<li>Infrastructure &amp; Tools: Kubernetes, Terraform, AWS.</li>
<li>Testing: Pytest.</li>
</ul>
<h2><iframe src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/Ncz4s\_oBczc?si=FzuwoSOLcv5WZVRN" width="560" height="314"></iframe></h2><div class="content-conclusion"><h2><span data-sheets-root="1">Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion</span></h2>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">We’re committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. That’s why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.</span></p></div>