<h1>About the opportunity</h1>
<p>Our Data Governance &amp; Analytics Engineering segment’s mission is to provide teams data they can trust for data driven decision making, which can power N26 to reach the next 100 million customers.</p>
<p>The Data Governance &amp; Analytics Engineering segment at N26 consists of 3 teams that define the analytics tooling, core data products and data governance for the bank.</p>
<p>We are looking for a data-driven, technically savvy, Senior Product Manager to help build the Data Governance and Data Products of the future bank and help deliver key growth and operational metrics.</p>
<h3>In this role, you will:</h3>
<ul>
<li>Deliver a world class Analytics &amp; Data Governance tooling platform, fully compliant and user-centric.</li>
<li>Help build the strategy for the evolution of N26’s Core Data Products, its interactions with the rest of the organisation, its global rollout and the decision to build vs buy.</li>
<li>Deeply understand the needs of the segment customers - teams developing the products and services built on top of the analytics platform, understand how it enables their success, and identify clear product improvements.</li>
<li>Help us understand where there are inefficiencies in the way that we do things and create solutions to enable our product, engineering, and design teams to make the biggest impact.</li>
<li>Be the glue of the team. Clearly communicate the product vision and ensure alignment between product, engineering, design and cross-functional groups (e.g. Bank, Legal, Compliance, Product teams, commercial departments).</li>
<li>Be a decision maker. Possess complex decision making skills rooted in analytics, user feedback, and business goals. Set clear goals, priorities, and manage stakeholder expectations.</li>
</ul>
<h3>What you need to be successful:</h3>
<ul>
<li>5+ years of experience with a proven track record of building scalable and efficient products in a mature environment.</li>
<li>Strong technical understanding and exposure to the latest emerging trends in the Data domain, especially with Data Mesh and Analytics.</li>
<li>Deep understanding of the product life cycle and how the right data products and tooling enable other teams.</li>
<li>Strong analytical thinking and the ability to use data and customer insights to inform decisions and inspire new thinking.</li>
<li>Extensive experience working with agile methodologies, leading cross-functional teams of engineers, data analysts, designers.</li>
</ul>
<h3>What’s in it for you:</h3>
<ul>
<li>Accelerate your career growth by joining one of Europe’s most talked about disruptors 🚀.</li>
<li>Employee benefits that range from a competitive personal development budget, work from home budget, discounts to fitness &amp; wellness memberships, language apps and public transportation.</li>
<li>Come together with your team in the office for a dedicated day of teamwork each week, plus another day of your choice, and enjoy the flexibility of remote work the rest of the time. Some roles may require additional in-office presence.</li>
<li>As an N26 employee you will have access to a Premium subscription on your personal N26 bank account. As well as subscriptions for friends and family members.</li>
<li>Additional day of annual leave for each year of service.</li>
<li>A high degree of autonomy and access to cutting edge technologies - all while working with a friendly team of peers of diverse nationalities, life experiences and family statuses.</li>
<li>A relocation package with visa support for those who need it.</li>
</ul>
<h3>Who we are</h3>
<p>N26 has reimagined banking for today’s digital world. Technology and design empower <a href="https://n26.com/en-eu/blog">everything we do</a> and it’s how we are building the global banking platform the world loves to use.</p>
<p>We've eliminated physical branches, paperwork, and hidden fees for an elegant digital experience and supreme savings. Giving people the power to live and bank their way is what gets us out of bed in the morning and inspires the work that we do.</p>
<p>We are headquartered in Berlin with offices in multiple cities across Europe, including Vienna and Barcelona, and a 1,500-strong team of more than 80 nationalities.</p>
<p><strong>Sounds good? Apply now for this position.</strong></p>
<h4>Equal Opportunities:</h4>
<p>We recognize that our strength lies in our people and the varied perspectives they bring to our workforce. We strive to build talented and diverse teams to drive our business success and empower our people to reach their full potential.</p>
<p>We genuinely welcome and encourage applications from people of all backgrounds, cultures, genders, sexual orientations, abilities, neurodiversities, and ages. We're committed to creating an inclusive workspace where everyone feels valued and respected, free from harassment and discrimination. If there's anything you need to make the application process work for you, please let us know by reaching out to <a href="mailto:candidate.exp@n26.com">candidate.exp@n26.com</a>.</p>
<p>Visit our <a href="https://n26.com/en-eu/diversity-and-inclusion">website</a> to learn more about Diversity, Equity, &amp; Inclusion at N26.</p>