<div class="content-intro"><h2><span data-sheets-root="1">About Wolt</span></h2>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">At Wolt, we create technology that brings joy, simplicity and earnings to the neighborhoods of the world. In 2014 we started with delivery of restaurant food. Now we’re building the delivery of (almost) everything and you’ll find us in over 500 cities in 30 countries around the world. In 2022 we joined forces with DoorDash and together we keep on dreaming big and expanding across the globe.<br><br>Working at Wolt isn’t always easy, but it’s definitely exciting. Here you’ll learn more, build more, and ship more than in most other companies. You’ll be challenged a lot, but also have a lot of fun on the way. So, if you’re a self-starter with drive and entrepreneurial spirit, this could be the ride of your life.</span></p></div><p>At Wolt, you can grow your sales career with a fun and fast-scaling global business. Part of the DoorDash team, we’re building a global logistics platform that can deliver (almost) everything in your city, to your door in minutes. Today, our products are used by 55+ million registered users who can now order from 200,000+ restaurants and retail stores across 30+ countries around the world.</p>
<p>Our Sales teams create and build our relationships with merchants. Together, we’ve helped big brands, local stores and neighborhood restaurants do over €15 billion’s worth of business through our platform. We’re constantly launching new cities and products, so there are always new opportunities to expand your skills and progress your career.&nbsp;</p>
<h2>What you’ll be doing</h2>
<p>As Sales Specialist, you’ll take end-to-end ownership of acquiring and growing merchant partnerships within Retail. You’ll build strong relationships with C-level stakeholders, tailor value propositions for complex business needs, and help expand Wolt’s product adoption. This role is highly strategic, blending consultative sales with long-term partnership development in a fast-paced environment.</p>
<h3><strong>Day-to-day in this role you’ll:</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Build and manage a pipeline of top-tier partners within Retail, creating complex value propositions that resonate with multiple stakeholders</li>
<li>Establish and grow relationships with C-level executives and decision-makers</li>
<li>Coordinate with regional and international teams on multinational prospects for alignment</li>
<li>Identify new partnerships and growth opportunities, using data and business insights to drive partner performance and unit economics</li>
<li>Develop a deep understanding of the competition and verticals in the market to inform sales strategies</li>
<li>Lead negotiations regarding partnership terms and manage relationships until they transition to the account management team</li>
<li>Continuously scout for new growth opportunities in the dynamic on-demand delivery and e-commerce market</li>
<li>Leverage product knowledge and data to design tailored acquisition strategies that accelerate Wolt’s growth and partner success</li>
</ul>
<h2>Our humble expectations&nbsp;</h2>
<h3>You’ll do well at Wolt if you:</h3>
<ul>
<li>5+ years of experience in sales, including enterprise or consultative sales, preferably in FMCG, SaaS, retail, or technology</li>
<li>Bachelor’s or Master’s degree</li>
<li>Proven sales experience with C-level negotiation skills a strong advantage</li>
<li>Understanding of enterprise decision-making processes</li>
<li>A natural hunter with the drive to build a portfolio from the ground up</li>
<li>Demonstrated consultative sales approach with the ability to tailor offerings to partner needs</li>
<li>Ability to manage multiple priorities and execute in a fast-paced, dynamic environment</li>
<li>Excellent analytical skills to support data-driven sales decisions</li>
<li>Fluent in Greek and English&nbsp;&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<h2>What we offer</h2>
<ul>
<li>💸 <strong>Strong remuneration package</strong>– A highly competitive compensation package, including base salary and variables.</li>
<li>🍔 <strong>Wolt Perks </strong>– Discounts on your Wolt orders for restaurant and retail shops.</li>
<li>💼<strong>Health Insurance </strong>- Private health insurance is part of the compensation package.</li>
<li><strong>🚘Transportation </strong>- Company car provided for this role.</li>
<li>💻<strong>Work equipment</strong> - We set you up to success with our cutting-edge, work equipment.</li>
</ul>
<h2>Why you’ll love it</h2>
<ul>
<li><strong>🚀Global and growing fast: </strong>Be part of a fast-moving scaleup</li>
<li><strong>🤩Ride of a lifetime: </strong>Accelerate your career and build your sales skills&nbsp;</li>
<li><strong>💪Instant impact: </strong>Take ownership and make a difference</li>
<li><strong>💙Big hearts and small egos: </strong>Surround yourself with smart, friendly people</li>
</ul>
<h2>Next steps</h2>
<p>If you are excited about working in a high-growth environment, taking ownership, and being part of an extremely ambitious team, then click below to apply, make sure to add your CV and get the conversation going!&nbsp;</p>
<p>We will be reviewing applications on an on-going basis. If this sounds like an opportunity you want to pursue, apply today!&nbsp; 💙</p>
<p><iframe src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/GoL541\_xj9w" width="560" height="314"></iframe></p>
<p><br><br></p><div class="content-conclusion"><h2><span data-sheets-root="1">Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion</span></h2>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">We’re committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. That’s why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.</span></p></div>