<h2><strong>Who we are</strong></h2>
<h3><strong>About Stripe</strong></h3>
<p>Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies—from the world’s largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyone’s reach while doing the most important work of your career.</p>
<h3><strong>About the team</strong></h3>
<p>The Startup SMB &amp; Commercial Account Executive team at Stripe drives Stripe’s future growth engine by building relationships with prospective clients and turning them into happy Stripe users in Australia.</p>
<h2><strong>What you’ll do</strong></h2>
<p>As a Commercial Segment Account Executive you will work with prospective and new-to-Stripe users to help grow their business. You'll manage the full sales cycle through to onboarding and growing new users.&nbsp;&nbsp;</p>
<h3><strong>Responsibilities</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Identify high-potential prospective users from your territory and develop Strategies with the business development team to outbound to leads</li>
<li>Own the full sales cycle from lead to close for startups and small/medium businesses</li>
<li>Lead and contribute to team projects to develop and refine our sales process</li>
<li>Engage with Product, Marketing and User Operations teams to help amplify our growth trajectory and inform our APAC product roadmap</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Who you are</strong></h2>
<p>You are an adept salesperson, capable of engaging in business-level and technical conversations at multiple levels of the organization, including CTO, COO, and CFO. You have experience working with large SMB and midmarket businesses. You have an understanding of the buyer journey and can lead short, single stakeholder deals as well as complex multi-party sales in a highly consultative manner. You are used to building value in competitive situations and enjoy working on products that require deep product understanding, combined with technical knowledge. As a member of the team, you'll incubate and launch new sales channels for prospective users. Finally, you'll develop scalable strategies and repeatable processes that enable us to amplify the number of new businesses joining Stripe.&nbsp;</p>
<p>We’re looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.</p>
<h3><strong>Minimum requirements</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>3+ years of sales or prospecting experience, preferably at a technology company, with a track record of top performance</li>
<li>Ability to understand the Stripe API and build great relationships with highly technical customers</li>
<li>Ability to understand complex requirements and craft custom solutions</li>
<li>Strong analytical and quantitative capabilities including comfort with basic financial modeling</li>
<li>Superior verbal and written communication skills</li>
<li>Ability to operate in a highly ambiguous and fast-paced environment</li>
<li>Strong interest in technology</li>
</ul>