<h2><strong>The role</strong></h2>
<p>The Sr. Category Manager Operations will be responsible for overseeing category management, strategic sourcing and contracting for CapEx, Material Handling Equipment and Utilities (and also supporting other Operation areas such as MRO, Facilities Management, etc.) for Hello Fresh’s European production sites and offices. The role will also be supporting initiatives targeted to increase the maturity level of Indirect Procurement’s processes and systems landscape. As part of the Operations Procurement team the position will report to the respective cluster lead (Director level).</p>
<p>We are looking for an ambitious, confident, entrepreneurial, and high-spirited Procurement professional with a strength for data processing, optimisation &amp; reporting, ability to navigate ambiguity, attention to detail and great stakeholder management ability.</p>
<h2><strong>What you’ll do</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Conduct detailed spend analysis and benchmarking, evaluate market and competitive conditions, and use as a basis to create data based category strategies and sourcing activities</li>
<li>Align and execute a sourcing roadmap with key stakeholders in the HQ and the local markets to deliver P&amp;L savings and overall procurement value</li>
<li>Develop and optimize the supplier portfolio across Hello Fresh’s markets</li>
<li>Cultivate and manage close (senior level) relationships with business partners within Operations to support their objectives and the company growth agenda</li>
<li>Act as the central point of contact for any Ops Procurement related questions</li>
<li>Design and maintain category reporting to senior executives and internal stakeholders</li>
<li>Lead or participate in the implementation of best-in-class procurement processes and tools</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>What you’ll bring</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>The Sr. Indirect Procurement role will oversee a broad range of categories, including CapEx, Material Handling Equipment, Utilities, MRO, and Facilities Management. Candidates should bring solid experience across several of these areas; the wider the category exposure, the stronger the profile. Proven hands-on experience in at least some of these categories is essential.</li>
<li>Experience within European markets is a key requirement for this role.</li>
<li>Minimum of 7 years experience in indirect Procurement.</li>
<li>Degree in Engineering is preferable (but no mandatory)</li>
<li>Deep knowledge of strategic sourcing methodology, category management, and supplier management</li>
<li>Excellent analytical skills, attention to detail, and enjoy working independently</li>
<li>Experience in spend and market analyses as well as benchmarking with focus on european markets.</li>
<li>Strong written and verbal communication skills, including preparing and delivering presentations and reports</li>
<li>Outstanding interpersonal skills with proven ability to build trust and credibility with business partners</li>
<li>Demonstrated change management and project management knowledge</li>
<li>Readiness to frequently travel nationally/abroad to our sites</li>
<li>Fluency in business English, additional German language skills are a plus&nbsp;<br><br><span style="text-decoration: underline;">\* Please submit your resume in English.</span></li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>What we offer</strong></h2>
<p>Elevate your lifestyle! Join one of Europe's fastest-growing tech powerhouses in a dynamic phase of expansion.</p>
<ul>
<li>Initially we offer 2 years contract.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Immerse yourself in a diverse global community of 90+ nationalities.</li>
<li>Enjoy a competitive compensation package that goes beyond the norm, with perks like a HelloFresh- subsidized Pension Scheme, Berlin relocation support, and a Hybrid working model.</li>
<li>Elevate your lifestyle with exclusive discounts on your weekly HelloFresh box and office meals.</li>
<li>Invest in your growth with an annual learning &amp; development budget, German language learning budget, and access to the HelloFresh Academy.</li>
<li>Plus, we've got your well-being covered with mental health support, transportation perks, and working-parent-friendly benefits. From our 24/7 gym access,wellbeing platforms like Headspace and Spill, to sabbatical leave options, HelloFresh is not just a workplace; it's a lifestyle of perks and possibilities!</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Are you up for the challenge?</strong></h2>
<p style="text-align: justify;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Please submit your complete application below including your salary expectations and earliest starting date.</span></p>
<p style="text-align: justify;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">After submitting an application our team will review this and get back to you within 5 business days.&nbsp;</span></p>