<p>We are seeking a highly skilled Corporate Recruiter to join our Corporate Recruiting team in Gurugram. This individual will bring deep sourcing capability, strong market insights, and proven recruiting experience to identify and engage top talent across strategic roles, with a focus on Marketing specific functions. The ideal candidate brings experience building talent pipelines through proactive outreach, targeted market research, and thoughtful partnership with hiring managers, while delivering a high-touch candidate and stakeholder experience throughout the recruiting process.&nbsp;</p>
<p>We are looking to speak to candidates who are based in Gurugram for our hybrid working model.&nbsp;</p>
<h3><strong>K</strong>ey Responsibilities</h3>
<ul>
<li>Full-Cycle Recruiting: Manage the full recruitment lifecycle across multiple roles and business units, partnering closely with hiring managers to drive search strategy, candidate engagement, interview process management and offer execution</li>
<li>Strategic Sourcing: Proactively identify and engage top talent through advanced sourcing techniques, including Boolean search, LinkedIn Recruiter Gem, Greenhouse, referrals, and professional networking. Build pipelines of qualified talent with a strong focus on passive candidates and hard-to-reach profiles</li>
<li>Candidate Experience: Deliver a high-touch, highly responsive candidate experience from initial outreach through offer stage, ensuring clear communication, strong follow-through, and a professional representation of the MongoDB brand</li>
<li>Market Mapping &amp; Talent Intelligence:&nbsp; Develop a clear view of talent markets, industry trends, and hiring dynamics to shape search strategy and inform hiring decisions</li>
<li>Stakeholder Partnership: Partner closely with hiring managers and business leaders to align on role requirements, candidate profiles, search strategy, and market realities Operate with a high degree of ownership, sound judgment, and the ability to move searches forward with limited oversight</li>
<li>Operational Excellence: Maintain strong data accuracy and process discipline across recruiting systems, using metrics and pipeline insights to drive decisions, track progress, and improve efficiency</li>
</ul>
<h3>Qualifications &amp; Skills</h3>
<ul>
<li>Professional Experience: 5–8 years of recruiting experience. A background within a high-growth technology company, Executive Search form or a high-performance recruitment consultancy is strongly preferred</li>
<li>Sourcing Expertise: Demonstrated success sourcing and engaging talent through LinkedIn Recruiter, Boolean search, CRM/ATS tools, and market research. Proven ability to build pipelines beyond active applicants</li>
<li>Communication: Exceptional verbal and written English communication skills, with the ability to engage candidates and stakeholders professionally and effectively</li>
<li>Technology &amp; Market Acumen: Strong understanding of the technology landscape, with the ability to quickly learn complex technical concepts, understand talent competitors, and translate market insight into effective recruiting strategy</li>
<li>Stakeholder Management: Experience partnering with hiring managers and senior stakeholders across multiple searches, balancing competing priorities while maintaining a high standard of execution</li>
<li>Education: A University Degree is required; an MBA or Post-Graduate degree in Human Resources is an advantage</li>
</ul>
<h3>About MongoDB</h3>
<p>MongoDB is built for change, empowering our customers and our people to innovate at the speed of the market. We have redefined the database for the AI era, enabling innovators to create, transform, and disrupt industries with software. MongoDB’s unified database platform, the most widely available, globally distributed database on the market, helps organizations modernize legacy workloads, embrace innovation, and unleash AI. Our cloud-native platform, MongoDB Atlas, is the only globally distributed, multi-cloud database and is available across AWS, Google Cloud, and Microsoft Azure.</p>
<p>With offices worldwide and over 60,000 customers, including 75% of the Fortune 100 and AI-native startups, relying on MongoDB for their most important applications, we’re powering the next era of software.</p>
<p>Our compass at MongoDB is our <a href="https://www.mongodb.com/company">Leadership Commitment,</a> guiding how and why we make decisions, show up for each other, and win. It’s what makes us MongoDB.&nbsp;</p>
<p>To drive the personal growth and business impact of our employees, we’re committed to developing a supportive and enriching culture for everyone. <a href="https://www.mongodb.com/company/blog/culture/employee-benefits-that-make-a-difference-at-mongodb">From employee affinity groups, to fertility assistance and a generous parental leave policy</a>, we value our employees’ wellbeing and want to support them along every step of their professional and personal journeys.<a href="https://www.mongodb.com/blog/channel/culture"> Learn more about what it’s like to work at MongoDB</a>, and help us make an impact on the world!</p>
<p>MongoDB is committed to providing any necessary accommodations for individuals with disabilities within our application and interview process. To request an accommodation due to a disability, please inform your recruiter.</p>
<p>MongoDB is an equal opportunities employer.</p>