**At NordStellar, we help companies know what hackers know—before they strike.**

Join the team turning threat intel into action. From dark web monitoring to attack surface management, we’re building tools that security teams rely on to stay ahead of threats.

**Your impact?** Helping businesses spot vulnerabilities and prevent cyberattacks—keeping teams and customers safe.

**NordStellar** is the newest addition to our suite of cutting-edge cybersecurity solutions. This innovative threat exposure management platform is designed to outsmart cyber threats, safeguard data, and prevent fraud. NordStellar gives companies the tools to stay ahead of hackers and beat them at their own game. Join us to build technology that lets businesses know what hackers know.  
  
**The Dark Web Monitoring** Teamis a mission-driven, cross-functional team focused on identifying emerging dark-web threats and delivering insights**.** This team originated from Nord Security's Risk Management and Information Security departments and is now focused on developing its own standalone cybersecurity product, NordStellar. NordStellar is our new threat exposure management solution for businesses. We bring our expertise to empower proactive security leaders with a crucial insight: what hackers know about their business. NordStellar enables companies to detect and respond to cyber threats before they escalate. The platform monitors thousands of cybercrime communities and dark-web sites, providing cybersecurity teams with the right information and tools for better decision-making.

## Main Responsibilities

- Develop back-end and ETL solutions for problems of various magnitudes;
- Maintain the current DWM system and develop new features;
- Write highly scalable microservices;
- Be responsible for writing clear, tested, documented code that delivers real business value;
- Implement code that can be used in cloud-native environments.
- Coordinate with your team to provide quality code-based solutions.

## Core Requirements

- In-depth knowledge of Go and/or Python languages (3+ years);
- Solid understanding of OOP, asynchronous programming & design patterns;
- Know-how in creating RESTful and/or gRPC APIs;
- Expertise in designing and coding for microservice architecture;
- Strong proficiency in containerizing applications using Docker;
- Experience with any of the message queue management systems;
- Good knowledge of NoSQL and SQL databases;
- Experience working with Git or other version control systems;
- Understanding of core CI/CD principles, unit & integration testing;
- Familiarity with monitoring tools such as Grafana, Sentry, and Prometheus.

## Bonus Points For

- Knowledge of web scraping tools & techniques;
- Experience with Kubernetes and a good understanding of DevOps processes;
- Proficiency in both Python and Go.

## Tools You Will Use

- Go;
- MongoDB;
- NATS;
- Kubernetes;
- gRPC;
- Argo Workflows.

## Salary Range

- Gross Salary 3500-7200 EUR/Month.

About Us Nord Security is a global leader in internet privacy and security solutions and Lithuania’s second tech unicorn. Established in 2012, Nord Security now has more than 1400 employees and serves millions of users worldwide. Our team has a global mission to shape a more secure and peaceful online future for people everywhere. With that in mind, we built several advanced cybersecurity solutions: NordVPN, NordLayer, NordLocker, NordPass, NordProtect, NordStellar, and Saily. And we’re always looking to expand our team of: • Future shapers • Restless achievers • Self-movers • Honest communicators • Team players What We Offer • Access to Nord Security products. We build solutions used by millions of users worldwide, and you’ll get to experience our products firsthand; • Professional growth. Internal and external events, online training, conferences, books - everything you need to reach full potential; • Health benefits. Private health insurance, online and on-site workouts, consultations to feel and be your best; • Mental wellbeing. Access to mental health tools like Calm, Headspace, and Mindletic. Options for therapy to keep your emotional wellbeing in check; • Team spirit. Team buildings and parties with games, shows, tastings, food coupons, gifts, and it’s on us; • More free time. Stay with us and additional vacation days will be added to your calendar; • Additional paid leave. Additional days are covered by us in cases of illness or special occasions; • Flexibility. Flexible working time arrangement. Kindly refer to our Privacy Notice for Recruitment Candidates for comprehensive information regarding our data handling procedures throughout recruitment processes: https://bit.ly/3urJdOL

**About Us**

**Nord Security** is a global leader in internet privacy and security solutions and Lithuania’s second tech unicorn. Established in 2012, Nord Security now has more than 1400 employees and serves millions of users worldwide. Our team has a global mission to shape a more secure and peaceful online future for people everywhere. With that in mind, we built several advanced cybersecurity solutions: **NordVPN, NordLayer, NordLocker, NordPass, NordProtect, NordStellar, and Saily.**

And we’re always looking to expand our team of:

• Future shapers

• Restless achievers

• Self-movers

• Honest communicators

• Team players

**What We Offer**

• **Access to Nord Security products.** We build solutions used by millions of users worldwide, and you’ll get to experience our products firsthand;

• **Professional growth.** Internal and external events, online training, conferences, books - everything you need to reach full potential;

• **Health benefits.** Private health insurance, online and on-site workouts, consultations to feel and be your best;

• **Mental wellbeing.** Access to mental health tools like Calm, Headspace, and Mindletic. Options for therapy to keep your emotional wellbeing in check;

• **Team spirit.** Team buildings and parties with games, shows, tastings, food coupons, gifts, and it’s on us;

• **More free time.** Stay with us and additional vacation days will be added to your calendar;

• **Additional paid leave.** Additional days are covered by us in cases of illness or special occasions;

• **Flexibility.**Flexible working time arrangement.

*Kindly refer to our Privacy Notice for Recruitment Candidates for comprehensive information regarding our data handling procedures throughout recruitment processes:*<https://bit.ly/3urJdOL>

**What We Offer**

**Innovate with industry leaders**

Work alongside global experts to build world-leading cybersecurity tools, impacting millions of users around the world.

**Learn & grow**

Boost your skills via our extensive training programs (online and offline) & other resources. Benefit from mentorship and career-switch opportunities to grow within the company.

**Work in a next-gen Cyber City office**

Thrive in our bustling office, featuring ergonomic workspaces, modern meeting rooms, engaging events, and specialty coffee to fuel your day.

**Hybrid work**

Enjoy the flexibility with 3 office days and working from home for the remaining 2.

**Work from anywhere**

Recharge with a change of scenery – choose work from any location when you feel a need to power your creativity and drive.

**Physical well-being**

Boost your health with free-of-charge 24/7 gym access, onsite and online workouts, and consultations led by in-house Physical Well-Being experts.

**Mental & emotional health**

Nurture your mind with free psychologist consultations, dedicated mental health events, and premium access to top-rated wellness apps like Calm, Headspace, and Mindletic.

**Premium healthcare**

Receive private health insurance giving you peace of mind for your health needs.

**Extra days off**

Enjoy additional vacation days off as you grow with us. Plus, get extra days for sick leave, special occasions, or parenting needs.

**Joyful moments – special treats**

Celebrate life’s big moments with special gifts from us on your birthday, anniversary, and other major events, such as weddings or the arrival of a new family member.

**Company events & team-building**

Experience iconic Nord Security celebrations, team-buildings, and knowledge-sharing events, nurturing bonds that fuel our success.

**Workation**

Embark on a legendary company getaway abroad, filled with exciting activities, live concerts, engaging workshops, and epic time together.

*Kindly refer to our Privacy Notice for Recruitment Candidates for comprehensive information regarding our data handling procedures throughout recruitment processes:* <https://bit.ly/40GWyjL>

*We expect all candidates to provide accurate and complete information during the recruitment process. While limited use of AI tools to refine application materials is acceptable, candidates remain fully responsible for ensuring that their submissions reflect their own qualifications, skills, and experience. Any failure to do so may negatively affect participation in the recruitment process. If broader AI assistance is allowed for a particular role or stage, we’ll let you know in advance.*

*By submitting your application, you acknowledge that it may be processed using automated tools for evaluation purposes. As part of our recruitment process, we may use an AI-based application review tool to help assess applications based on skills and experience relevant to the role. This technology is used to support - not replace - human decision-making, and every application is ultimately reviewed by a recruiter.*

*If you would like more information about how AI is used in this process or wish to exercise your rights under applicable data privacy laws, please contact us at*[*privacy@nordaccount.com*](mailto:privacy@nordaccount.com)*. Should you prefer to opt out of the automated evaluation, please submit your application directly to*[*career@nordsec.com*](mailto:career@nordsec.com)*.*