<p><strong>This is Adyen</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Adyen provides payments, data, and financial products in a single solution for customers like Meta, Uber, H&amp;M, and Microsoft - making us the financial technology platform of choice. At Adyen, everything we do is engineered for ambition.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">For our teams, we create an environment with opportunities for our people to succeed, backed by the culture and support to ensure they are enabled to truly own their careers. We are motivated individuals who tackle unique technical challenges at scale and solve them as a team. Together, we deliver innovative and ethical solutions that help businesses achieve their ambitions faster.</span></p>
<p><strong>Senior Compliance Advisory Officer</strong></p>
<p>Our Compliance Advisory &amp; Oversight Team is looking for a Compliance Officer with experience in the payments-, financial services or FinTech industry. In this role, you will help Adyen to scale and work on complex opportunities. To do that, you must have a strong analytical mindset and communication skills to provide pragmatic and strategic advice to both internal and external stakeholders on compliance matters.</p>
<p><strong>What you’ll do</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><strong>Represent Compliance towards the commercial and operational teams</strong>, facilitating communication with deeply specialized Compliance, Regulatory, Legal and Risk functions, inclusive of conducting trainings;</li>
<li><strong>Provide ad-hoc Compliance advice</strong> to Adyen’s internal stakeholders and customers, deconstructing complex challenges and supporting the team in providing solutions that align with Adyen’s strategic objectives and overall risk appetite;&nbsp;</li>
<li><strong>Perform and coordinate Enhanced Due Diligence (EDD) risk assessments</strong>, assembling risk expertises from internal specialists across different functions for the provision of customer acceptance advice towards relevant stakeholders, including Senior Management;</li>
<li><strong>Strengthen and scale Adyen’s Compliance framework</strong>, in line with Adyen’s risk appetite and strategic objectives;</li>
<li><strong>Challenge the status-quo</strong>, identifying how we can further leverage data and technology towards efficient and effective Compliance processes.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Who you are&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>You have 7+ years of experience in a 2LoD Compliance function at a Payment Service Provider, FinTech or Financial Institution;</li>
<li>You have robust knowledge of regulatory and licensing regimes of payment/e-money institutions, a thorough understanding of AML/CFT risks, as well as proven familiarity with Card Scheme definitions and rules;</li>
<li>You are an analytical thinker who excels in deconstructing complex Compliance challenges into manageable components. You can effectively convey these components to stakeholders of diverse professional backgrounds, seeking relevant expertise whilst maintaining clarity, precision, and speed of execution;&nbsp;</li>
<li>You have a strong sense of initiative and self-motivation attuned to a fast-growing business;</li>
<li>You excel in maintaining oversight and driving multiple complex topics simultaneously through your structured approach to work;</li>
<li>You possess strong written and verbal communication skills, enabling you to articulate advice with clarity and synthesize complex issues, and tailor it to your audience;&nbsp;</li>
<li>You have solid interpersonal skills, and you are able to work with peers and customers from various disciplines and cultures.&nbsp;</li>
<li>You are excited about working with an international team who will provide different perspectives and sharpen your ideas.</li>
<li>You are a native Mandarin speaker and business fluent in English.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Our Diversity, Equity and Inclusion commitments&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Our unique approach is a product of our diverse perspectives. This diversity of backgrounds and cultures is essential in helping us maintain our momentum. Our business and technical challenges are unique, and we need as many different voices as possible to join us in solving them - voices like yours. No matter who you are or where you’re from, we welcome you to be your true self at Adyen.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Studies show that women and members of underrepresented communities apply for jobs only if they meet 100% of the qualifications. Does this sound like you? If so, Adyen encourages you to reconsider and apply. We look forward to your application!</span></p>
<p><strong>What’s next?</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Ensuring a smooth and enjoyable candidate experience is critical for us. We aim to get back to you regarding your application within 5 business days. Our interview process tends to take about 4 weeks to complete, but may fluctuate depending on the role. </span><a href="https://careers.adyen.com/how-we-hire"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Learn more about our hiring process here</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">. Don’t be afraid to let us know if you need more flexibility.</span></p>
<p>This role is based out of our Shanghai office. We are an office-first company and value in-person collaboration; we do not offer remote-only roles.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>