<div class="content-intro"><h2><span data-sheets-root="1">About Wolt</span></h2>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">At Wolt, we create technology that brings joy, simplicity and earnings to the neighborhoods of the world. In 2014 we started with delivery of restaurant food. Now we’re building the delivery of (almost) everything and you’ll find us in over 500 cities in 30 countries around the world. In 2022 we joined forces with DoorDash and together we keep on dreaming big and expanding across the globe.<br><br>Working at Wolt isn’t always easy, but it’s definitely exciting. Here you’ll learn more, build more, and ship more than in most other companies. You’ll be challenged a lot, but also have a lot of fun on the way. So, if you’re a self-starter with drive and entrepreneurial spirit, this could be the ride of your life.</span></p></div><p>At Wolt, you can grow your sales career with a fun and fast-scaling global business. Part of the DoorDash team, we’re building a global logistics platform that can deliver (almost) everything in your city, to your door in minutes. Today, our products are used by 55+ million registered users who can now order from 200,000+ restaurants and retail stores across 30+ countries around the world.</p>
<p>Our Sales teams create and build our relationships with merchants. Together, we’ve helped big brands, local stores and neighborhood restaurants do over €15 billion’s worth of business through our platform. We’re constantly launching new cities and products, so there are always new opportunities to expand your skills and progress your career.&nbsp;</p>
<p>As our new Restaurant Partnership Manager you’ll engage with independent restaurants and small food businesses, building strong partnerships and helping them thrive on Wolt. You’ll shape regional dining landscapes while driving Wolt’s growth in the market.</p>
<h2>What you’ll be doing</h2>
<p>As Sales Representative, you’ll own the end-to-end process of acquiring new restaurant partners. From prospecting and lead generation to negotiations and contract signings, you’ll be on the front line of bringing new restaurants onto Wolt. You’ll also collaborate closely with your Area Manager to design strategies and optimize your sales pipeline.</p>
<h3><strong>Day-to-day in this role you’ll:</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Conduct face-to-face sales activities with restaurant owners and stakeholders, with occasional online meetings</li>
<li>Analyze the market and identify potential restaurants to approach</li>
<li>Generate leads through cold calls, outreach, and on-site visits</li>
<li>Build and nurture strong relationships with restaurant owners and decision-makers</li>
<li>Present tailored proposals, negotiate terms, and finalize contracts</li>
<li>Handover newly signed restaurants smoothly to the onboarding team for activation</li>
</ul>
<h2>Our humble expectations&nbsp;</h2>
<p>You’ll do well at Wolt if you:</p>
<ul>
<li>3-5 years of experience in retail sales, account management, field operations, or sales support</li>
<li>Bachelor’s or Master’s degree</li>
<li>Strong communication and stakeholder management skills</li>
<li>A natural hunter with the drive to build a portfolio from the ground up</li>
<li>Demonstrated consultative sales approach with the ability to tailor offerings to partner needs</li>
<li>Ability to manage multiple priorities and execute in a fast-paced, dynamic environment</li>
<li>Excellent analytical skills to support data-driven sales decisions</li>
<li>Fluent in Greek and English&nbsp;&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<h2>What we offer</h2>
<p>💸 <strong>Strong remuneration package</strong>– A highly competitive compensation package, including base salary and variables.</p>
<p>🍔 <strong>Wolt Perks </strong>– Discounts on your Wolt orders for restaurant and retail shops.</p>
<p>💼<strong>Health Insurance </strong>- Private health insurance is part of the compensation package.</p>
<p><strong>🚘Transportation </strong>- Company car provided for this role.</p>
<p>💻<strong>Work equipment</strong> - We set you up to success with our cutting-edge, work equipment.</p>
<h2>Why you’ll love it</h2>
<p><strong>🚀Global and growing fast:&nbsp;</strong>Be part of a fast-moving scaleup</p>
<p><strong>🤩Ride of a lifetime: </strong>Accelerate your career and build your sales skills&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>💪Instant impact: </strong>Take ownership and make a difference</p>
<p><strong>💙Big hearts and small egos: </strong>Surround yourself with smart, friendly people</p>
<p><iframe src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/GoL541\_xj9w" width="560" height="314"></iframe></p><div class="content-conclusion"><h2><span data-sheets-root="1">Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion</span></h2>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">We’re committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. That’s why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.</span></p></div>