<div class="content-intro"><p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Every day, tens of millions of people come to Roblox to explore, create, play, learn, and connect with friends in 3D immersive digital experiences– all created by our global community of developers and creators.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">At Roblox, we’re building the tools and platform that empower our community to bring any experience that they can imagine to life. Our vision is to reimagine the way people come together, from anywhere in the world, and on any device.</span><strong> </strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re on a mission to connect a billion people with optimism and civility, and looking for amazing talent to help us get there.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">A career at Roblox means you’ll be working to shape the future of human interaction, solving unique technical challenges at scale, and helping to create safer, more civil shared experiences for everyone.</span></p></div><p>As the Manager of Moderation Escalations, you will architect a world-class global safety program from the ground up. Leading systems and a specialized team that didn't exist two years ago, you’ll hire and mentor specialists to transform escalations into strategic insights and defect reduction initiatives. Partnering with Global Product, Engineering, and Policy, you’ll drive industry-leading responses while serving as the senior moderation lead and mentor for our India organization.</p>
<p><strong>You Will:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Build and drive a world-class global escalations and insights program, evolving our escalation systems from v0 into a sophisticated, industry-leading defect reduction engine.</li>
<li>Transition the program from transactional response to proactive prevention by identifying root causes of moderation errors and partnering with cross-functional teams to implement systemic fixes.</li>
<li>Recruit, hire, and lead a specialized team of Moderation Escalation Specialists, fostering a culture of high accountability, rapid problem-solving, and continuous learning.</li>
<li>Transform raw escalation data into actionable insights, providing leadership with visibility into emerging safety trends and the effectiveness of our current policies.</li>
<li>Partner deeply with Product and Engineering to improve investigation tooling and safety systems, ensuring our technical infrastructure keeps pace with emerging global risks</li>
<li>Ensure industry-leading response times and high-quality resolutions for complex safety incidents, maintaining strict SLAs while upholding the highest standards of accuracy and empathy.</li>
<li>Serve as the senior Moderation lead in our India office, providing strategic guidance, mentorship, and a unified voice for the local moderation organization.</li>
<li>This role requires collaboration with team members based in California, USA.</li>
<li>This role requires on-call work at weekends on a rotational basis.</li>
<li>This role involves exposure to graphic and/or objectionable content.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>You Have:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Bachelor's degree or equivalent experience in business, operations, or a related field</li>
<li>8 years of experience in an operations or policy role in Trust and Safety or content moderation, with a focus on content safety moderation workflows and threat hunting.</li>
<li>2-4 years experience managing people to include coaching and development.</li>
<li>Strong program management skills, with experience leading projects at scale</li>
<li>Experience developing processes to improve operational efficiency</li>
<li>Experience using data to lead decision-making</li>
<li>Strong collaboration skills, with the ability to work with cross-functional teams, specifically product, engineering, and BPO workforces</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>You Are:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><strong>Innovative: </strong>You proactively identify emerging risks and execute on out of the box ideas to achieve goals.</li>
<li><strong>Analytical:</strong> Excited to investigate large, ambiguous problems and measure the problems and the solutions.</li>
<li><strong>Proactive Problem Solver</strong>: You anticipate potential problems and take proactive and decisive action to solve them.</li>
<li><strong>Team-oriented: </strong>You lift up your peers and find ways to make the team stronger.</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><p>Roles that are based in an office are onsite Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thursday, with optional presence on Monday and Friday (unless otherwise noted).</p>
<p>Roblox provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any type without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws. Roblox also provides reasonable accommodations to candidates with qualifying disabilities or religious beliefs during the recruiting process.</p>
<p>For US based roles only, please note the Company may not be able to employ candidates for this role who have United States work authorization related to certain U.S. visa categories, or support future H-1B sponsorship at this time.</p></div>