<div class="content-intro"><p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Every day, tens of millions of people come to Roblox to explore, create, play, learn, and connect with friends in 3D immersive digital experiences– all created by our global community of developers and creators.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">At Roblox, we’re building the tools and platform that empower our community to bring any experience that they can imagine to life. Our vision is to reimagine the way people come together, from anywhere in the world, and on any device.</span><strong> </strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re on a mission to connect a billion people with optimism and civility, and looking for amazing talent to help us get there.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">A career at Roblox means you’ll be working to shape the future of human interaction, solving unique technical challenges at scale, and helping to create safer, more civil shared experiences for everyone.</span></p></div><p>Roblox is seeking enthusiastic individuals to join our Developer Engagement Team. The ideal candidate will possess a strong focus on understanding issues and critical thinking, alongside the essential qualities required for exceptional customer support. As a contractor of this team, you will play a crucial link between Roblox and its developer community. If you're passionate about the Roblox community and eager to contribute to the success of developers, we'd love to hear from you.</p>
<p><strong>You will:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Assist in resolving creator day-to-day escalations and emergencies.</li>
<li>Manage communication between Roblox staff and creators.</li>
<li>Maintain detailed records of customer interactions and transactions, ensuring accurate documentation and timely follow-up.</li>
<li>Dedicate up to 40 hours per week, primarily Monday through Friday, with occasional weekend availability (on-call or scheduled as business needs require).</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>You have:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Strong verbal and written communication skills.</li>
<li>Demonstrates endless patience and a positive attitude.</li>
<li>Capable of managing time effectively.</li>
<li>In-depth understanding of Roblox and the Roblox community.</li>
<li>Solid knowledge of the technical aspects of Roblox Studio.</li>
<li>Experience developing on Roblox and/or other creation platforms.</li>
</ul>
<p>Please note: the benefits below only apply to full time employees in the US. This role is based in the&nbsp;UK/EU. Pay rate is based off USD and will be converted to&nbsp;GBP/EUR&nbsp;upon hire.</p><div class="content-pay-transparency"><div class="pay-input"><div class="description"><p><span style="font-size: 14px;">For roles that are based at our headquarters in San Mateo, CA: The starting base pay for this position is as shown below. The actual base pay is dependent upon a variety of job-related factors such as professional background, training, work experience, location, business needs and market demand. Therefore, in some circumstances, the&nbsp;actual hourly rate&nbsp;could fall outside of this expected range. This pay range is subject to change and may be modified in the future.&nbsp;<em>Please note that not all benefits on <a href="https://careers.roblox.com/total-rewards">this page</a> are applicable to this hourly position.</em></span></p></div><div class="title">Hourly Pay Range</div><div class="pay-range"><span>$20</span><span class="divider">&mdash;</span><span>$20 USD</span></div></div></div><div class="content-conclusion"><p>Roles that are based in an office are onsite Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thursday, with optional presence on Monday and Friday (unless otherwise noted).</p>
<p>Roblox provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any type without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws. Roblox also provides reasonable accommodations to candidates with qualifying disabilities or religious beliefs during the recruiting process.</p>
<p>For US based roles only, please note the Company may not be able to employ candidates for this role who have United States work authorization related to certain U.S. visa categories, or support future H-1B sponsorship at this time.</p></div>