<div class="content-intro"><p>Intercom is the AI Customer Service company on a mission to help businesses provide incredible customer experiences.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Our AI agent Fin, the most advanced customer service AI agent on the market, lets businesses deliver always-on, impeccable customer service and ultimately transform their customer experiences for the better. Fin can also be combined with our Helpdesk to become a complete solution called the Intercom Customer Service Suite, which provides AI enhanced support for the more complex or high touch queries that require a human agent.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Founded in 2011 and trusted by nearly 30,000 global businesses, Intercom is setting the new standard for customer service. Driven by our core values, we push boundaries, build with speed and intensity, and consistently deliver incredible value to our customers.</p></div><h2>What is the opportunity?</h2>
<p>Intercom’s AI Group is responsible for defining new ML features, researching appropriate algorithms and technologies, and rapidly getting first prototypes in our customers’ hands.</p>
<p>We are extremely product-focussed. Our team of 50+ ML scientists, ML engineers, designers and researchers works in partnership with other teams across the whole company. We move to production fast, often shipping to beta within weeks of a successful offline test.&nbsp;</p>
<p>We constantly run experiments and measure the success of our AI features. We use frequentist and Bayesian approaches. We create dashboards to track results. We dive deep into exactly how users are being successful, and have to tease out all sorts of complex user interactions. We have to deal with inherently stochastic AI products, and complex effects.</p>
<p>We are looking for a dedicated Analytics Engineer to join the AI Group to help us with that.</p>
<h2>What will I be doing?</h2>
<ul>
<li><strong>Data Platform Development:</strong> Design, build, and manage scalable data pipelines and ETL processes to support a robust, analytics-ready data platform.</li>
<li><strong>Cross-functional Collaboration:</strong> Partner with ai analysts, ml scientists, engineers and business teams to understand data needs and ensure accurate, reliable &amp; ergonomic data solutions.</li>
<li><strong>Data Strategy &amp; Governance:</strong> Lead initiatives in data model development, data quality ownership, warehouse management, and production support for critical workflows.</li>
<li><strong>Advanced Analytics &amp; Insights:</strong> Conducted data analysis and built custom models to support strategic business decisions and performance measurement.</li>
<li><strong>Automation &amp; Optimization:</strong> Streamline data collection and reporting processes to reduce manual effort and improve efficiency.</li>
<li><strong>Innovation in Data Infrastructure:</strong> Created scalable solutions like unified data pipelines and access control systems to meet evolving organizational needs.</li>
<li><strong>Strategic Influence:</strong> Worked with partner teams to align data collection with long-term analytics and feature development goals.</li>
</ul>
<h2>About You</h2>
<ul>
<li>You write advanced SQL with a preference for well-architected data models, optimized query performance, and clearly documented code</li>
<li>You’re familiar with the modern data stack. dbt and Snowflake experience are a big plus.</li>
<li>A growth mindset and eagerness to learn.</li>
<li>You exhibit great judgment and sharp business and product instincts that allow you to differentiate essential versus nice-to-have and to make good choices about trade-offs</li>
<li>You practice excellent communication skills, and you tailor explanations of technical concepts to a variety of audiences</li>
</ul>
<h2>Nice to haves</h2>
<ul>
<li>Exposure to Apache Airflow or other DAG frameworks — we use Airflow to orchestrate and schedule all of our data workflows and transformations</li>
<li>Worked in Tableau, Looker, or similar visualization/business intelligence platform</li>
<li>Experience with operational tools and business systems such Google Analytics, Marketo, Salesforce, Segment, or Stripe</li>
<li>Familiarity with Python</li>
</ul>
<h2>Benefits&nbsp;</h2>
<div>
<div class="">We are a well treated bunch, with awesome benefits! If there’s something important to you that’s not on this list, talk to us!&nbsp;
<ul>
<li>Competitive salary and equity in a fast-growing start-up</li>
<li>Unlimited access to Claude Code and best-in-class AI tools; experimentation &amp; building is encouraged &amp; celebrated.&nbsp;</li>
<li>We serve lunch every weekday, plus a variety of snack foods and a fully stocked kitchen</li>
<li>Regular compensation reviews - we reward great work!</li>
<li>Pension scheme &amp; match up to 4%</li>
<li>Peace of mind with life assurance, as well as comprehensive health and dental insurance for you and your dependents</li>
<li>Flexible paid time off policy</li>
<li>Paid maternity leave, as well as 6 weeks paternity leave for fathers, to let you spend valuable time with your loved ones</li>
<li>If you’re cycling, we’ve got you covered on the Cycle-to-Work Scheme. With secure bike storage too&nbsp;</li>
<li>MacBooks are our standard, but we also offer Windows for certain roles when needed.</li>
</ul>
</div>
</div>
<p>#LI-Hybrid</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>Policies&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>Intercom has a hybrid working policy. We believe that working in person helps us stay connected, collaborate easier and create a great culture while still providing flexibility to work from home. We expect employees to be in the office at least three days per week.</p>
<p>We have a radically open and accepting culture at Intercom. We avoid spending time on divisive subjects to foster a safe and cohesive work environment for everyone. As an organization, our policy is to not advocate on behalf of the company or our employees on any social or political topics out of our internal or external communications. We respect personal opinion and expression on these topics on personal social platforms on personal time, and do not challenge or confront anyone for their views on non-work related topics. Our goal is to focus on doing incredible work to achieve our goals and unite the company through our <a href="https://www.intercom.com/careers">core values</a>.&nbsp;&nbsp;</p>
<p>Intercom values diversity and is committed to a policy of Equal Employment Opportunity. Intercom will not discriminate against an applicant or employee on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, national origin, ancestry, sex, gender, age, physical or mental disability, veteran or military status, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, marital status, or any other legally recognized protected basis under federal, state, or local law.</p></div>