<p><strong>About the Opportunity</strong></p>
<p>We are looking for a highly motivated Sr. Affiliates &amp; Influencers Marketing Specialist to join our team and support the execution of our affiliate and influencer marketing strategy specifically within the German market. This role is ideal for a results-driven professional who is eager to manage external partnerships, drive user acquisition, and gain exposure to high-impact performance marketing channels.</p>
<p>You will assist in defining, executing, and optimizing our partnership strategies with Affiliate and Influencer partners. This role will provide the opportunity to collaborate closely with the wider marketing team and gain hands-on experience in partner management, performance tracking, and local market execution.</p>
<p><strong>In this role, you will:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Support the development and execution of the Affiliate and Influencer marketing strategy in Germany, ensuring alignment with overall business goals and local market nuances.</li>
<li>Manage the day-to-day operations of the German Affiliate and Influencer network, including building a pipeline of partners, relationship management, negotiation, and performance optimization and reporting.</li>
<li>Assist in identifying, vetting, onboarding and assisting partners across relevant platforms to drive brand awareness and acquisition.</li>
<li>Conduct data-driven research and analysis to support decision-making, providing insights to optimize channel performance.</li>
<li>Drive cross-functional alignment, working closely with key internal stakeholders, including the Head of Growth, Marketing Strategy, and Product Marketing; for example activating the channel for campaigns.</li>
<li>Own reporting of channel performance, key insights, and strategic plans in weekly and monthly growth steering meetings.</li>
<li>Help define and improve marketing processes related to partnership tracking, attribution, and payout/budgeting for the German market.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>What you need to be successful:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>At least 2 years of experience managing Affiliate and Influencer Marketing programmes.</li>
<li>Proven track record in independently building and scaling new partner relationships within the German market.</li>
<li>Demonstrated ability to negotiate and structure diverse commercial deals (e.g., CPA, CPL, fee structures, commission tiers)</li>
<li>Native or professional fluency in German is required; fluency in English is also essential for collaboration with the international team.</li>
<li>Experience in fintech or startups is a plus.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Skills:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Partner Management: proven ability to build, maintain, and scale relationships with external partners (affiliates, agencies, influencers).</li>
<li>Analytical Mindset: strong ability to work with data, track KPIs, analyse data trends and extract insights to translate into next steps and decisions.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Strategic Thinking: ability to translate business goals into actionable partnership initiatives and support execution in a local market context.</li>
<li>Operational &amp; Independent Problem-Solver: a highly operational and independent mindset, with the ability to proactively diagnose and solve day-to-day partner issues, such as tracking discrepancies, conversion funnel blocks, or payout errors.</li>
<li>Project Management: strong organizational skills with the ability to manage multiple campaigns and partner contracts simultaneously.</li>
<li>Communication: excellent written and verbal communication skills in both German and English, with the ability to negotiate effectively and present results clearly.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>What’s in it for you:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Accelerate your career growth by joining one of Europe’s most talked about disruptors 🚀.</li>
<li>Employee benefits that range from a competitive personal development budget, work from home budget, discounts to fitness &amp; wellness memberships, language apps and public transportation.&nbsp;</li>
<li>As an N26 employee you will have access to a Premium subscription on your personal N26 bank account. As well as subscriptions for friends and family members.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;</li>
<li>Additional day of annual leave for each year of service.&nbsp;&nbsp;</li>
<li>A high degree of autonomy and access to cutting edge technologies - all while working with a friendly team of peers of diverse nationalities, life experiences and family statuses.&nbsp;</li>
<li>A relocation package with visa support for those who need it.</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Who we are</strong></h2>
<p>N26 has reimagined banking for today’s digital world. Technology and design empower<a href="https://n26.com/en-eu/blog"> everything we do</a> and it’s how we are building the global banking platform the world loves to use.</p>
<p>We've eliminated physical branches, paperwork, and hidden fees for an elegant digital experience and supreme savings. Giving people the power to live and bank their way is what gets us out of bed in the morning and inspires the work that we do.&nbsp;</p>
<p>We are headquartered in Berlin with offices in multiple cities across Europe, including Vienna and Barcelona, and a 1,500-strong team of more than 80 nationalities.</p>
<p><strong>Sounds good? Apply now for this position.</strong></p>