<div class="content-intro"><p><strong><em>🚀 We’re on a mission to make money work for everyone.</em></strong></p>
<p>We’re waving goodbye to the complicated and confusing ways of traditional banking.</p>
<p>After starting as a prepaid card, our product offering has grown a lot in the last 10 years in the UK. As well as&nbsp;<a href="https://monzo.com/current-account/personal">personal</a> and <a href="https://monzo.com/business-banking">business</a> bank accounts, we offer <a href="https://monzo.com/current-account/joint-account">joint accounts</a>, <a href="https://monzo.com/current-account/16-17">accounts for 16-17 year olds</a>, a <a href="https://monzo.com/current-account/under-16s">free kids account</a> and <a href="https://monzo.com/flex">credit cards</a> in the UK, with more exciting things to come beyond. Our UK customers can also <a href="https://monzo.com/savings">save</a>, <a href="https://monzo.com/investments">invest </a>and&nbsp;<a href="https://monzo.com/pensions">combine their pensions</a> with us.&nbsp;</p>
<p>With our hot coral cards and get-paid-early feature, combined with financial education on social media and our award winning customer service, we have a long history of creating magical moments for our customers!</p>
<p>We’re not about selling products - we want to solve problems and change lives through Monzo ❤️</p>
<hr>
<p>&nbsp;</p></div><h4>📍London or Barcelona | UK remote | 💰 £95,000 to £130,000 + Incentive Awards tied to your performance +<a href="https://monzo.com/careers/#benefits"> Benefits</a>|<a href="https://monzo.com/blog/technology"> Technology</a> -<a href="https://monzo.com/blog/data"> Data</a> &nbsp;</h4>
<h4><strong>About our</strong><strong> Data Science</strong><strong> Teams:</strong></h4>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We're looking for a Lead Data Scientist excited to help build the bank of the future. You'll have the opportunity to super charge our user engagement in 2026 and help us to build a bank that customers truly love.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">At Monzo, we're building a bank that is fair, transparent and a delight to use. We’re growing extremely fast and have over 11 million customers in the UK. We’ve built a product that people love and more than 80% of our growth comes from word of mouth and referrals.</span></p>
<p><em><span style="font-weight: 400;">Enable Monzo to Make Better Decisions, Faster</span></em></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We have a strong culture of data-driven decision making across the whole company. And we're great believers in powerful, real-time analytics and empowerment of the wider business. All our data lives in one place and is super easy to use. 90% of day-to-day data-driven decisions are covered by self-serve analytics through Looker which gives data scientists the head space to focus on more impactful business questions and analyses.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;"><strong>How we hire</strong></span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are excited to be expanding and are hiring for multiple roles across our Data Science teams! Whether your interests lie in Borrowing, Growth, Payments, Fincrime, Wealth, or Core, we are looking for talented individuals with a versatile skill set to contribute across our squads. While we allocate teams after the interview process, we aim to match your skills and aspirations with the most suitable role. Throughout the process, you will meet team members from across our Data Science collectives, who will guide you through the opportunities available. Join us and be part of shaping our future!</span></p>
<h4><strong>What you’ll be working on:</strong></h4>
<ul>
<li>Lead the data strategy and continue to evolve Monzo for our customers to make it magically simple to manage money day-to-day</li>
<li>Develop and execute best practices for experimentation enabling our team to make data informed decisions</li>
<li>Collaboratively set standards and work with data across Monzo, fostering knowledge sharing and continuously improving data practices.</li>
<li>Work closely with leaders in product, engineering, design and research to build and iterate on product ideas&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<h4><strong>You should apply if:</strong></h4>
<ul>
<li>You enjoy working with cross functional fast moving teams</li>
<li>You are able to think strategically about commercial products and how decisions using data can unlock more value for our customers</li>
<li>You are excited about mentoring other data scientists and analytics engineers&nbsp;</li>
<li>You are excited by experimentation and utilising new data techniques to solve challenging problems&nbsp;</li>
<li>You want to understand the nuances of our data and are excited about laying the key foundational knowledge for our new products and features</li>
<li>You are opinionated about how to think about measuring success and are willing to challenge the status quo</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>The interview process:</strong></p>
<p>Our interview process involves:&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>Recruiter Call</li>
<li>Initial Call&nbsp;</li>
<li>Technical assessment</li>
<li>Final Interviews</li>
<ul>
<li>Business Fit/Collaboration</li>
<li>Case Study</li>
<li>Technical Interview</li>
</ul>
</ul>
<p>Our average process takes around 2-3 weeks but we will always work around your availability. You will have the chance to speak to our recruitment team at various points during your process.</p>
<p>One of our recruiters has written a blog on the process, for extra details, hints and tips please see<a href="https://monzo.com/blog/2022/03/21/data-hiring-at-monzo"> Data Hiring at Monzo</a></p>
<h4><strong>What’s in it for you:</strong></h4>
<p><strong>💰 </strong>£95,000 to £130,000 + Incentive Awards tied to your performance + Benefits</p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">✈️ We can help you relocate to the UK or Spain</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">✅ We can sponsor visas&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">📍This role can be based in our London or Barcelona offices, but we're also open to distributed working within the UK (with ad hoc meetings in London).</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">⏰ We offer flexible working hours and trust you to work enough hours to do your job well, at times that suit you and your team.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">📚</span><span style="font-weight: 400;">Learning budget of £1,000 a year for books, training courses and conferences</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">➕And much more, see our full list of benefits </span><a href="https://monzo.com/careers/"><strong>here</strong></a></p>
<p>If you prefer to work part-time, we'll make this happen whenever we can - whether this is to help you meet other commitments or strike a great work-life balance.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>#LI-NB2 #LI-Remote</p><div class="content-conclusion"><hr>
<p><strong>Equal opportunities for everyone</strong></p>
<p>Diversity and inclusion are a priority for us and we’re making sure we have lots of support for all of our people to grow at Monzo. At Monzo, we’re embracing diversity by fostering an inclusive environment for all people to do the best work of their lives with us. This is integral to our mission of making money work for everyone. You can read more in our <a href="https://monzo.com/blog/diversity-and-inclusion">blog</a>, 2024 <a href="https://monzo.com/blog/our-2024-diversity-and-inclusion-report" target="\_blank">Diversity and Inclusion Report</a> and 2024 <a href="https://monzo.com/blog/an-update-on-our-gender-pay-gap-2024">Gender Pay Gap Report.</a></p>
<p>We’re an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be considered for employment without attention to age, ethnicity, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, family or parental status, national origin, or veteran, neurodiversity or disability status.</p>
<p>If you have a preferred name, please use it to apply. We don't need full or birth names at application stage 😊</p></div>