<div class="content-intro"><p><span style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;">Shift delivers AI agents that transform insurers' most critical work. By combining deep industry expertise and unmatched data resources, Shift provides proven results that have earned the trust of hundreds of the world's leading insurers. Our insurance-grade AI is accurate, explainable, and secure—empowering human experts to move with unmatched speed, total confidence, and a renewed focus on the people they serve.</span></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><video poster="https://8595762.fs1.hubspotusercontent-na1.net/hubfs/8595762/2026%20Website%20Refresh/2026%20Shift%20Brand%20Video/thumbnail-violet.jpg" controls="controls" width="300" height="150">
&nbsp;&nbsp;<source src="https://8595762.fs1.hubspotusercontent-na1.net/hubfs/8595762/2026%20Website%20Refresh/2026%20Shift%20Brand%20Video/2026%20Shift%20Brand%20Video%20(English).mp4" type="video/mp4">
&nbsp;&nbsp;Your browser does not support the video tag.</video></p>
<p><span style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;">Our culture is built on innovation, trust, and a drive to transform the insurance industry through our SaaS platform. We come from more than 50 different countries and cultures and together we are creating the future of insurance.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;">Learn more at <a href="http://www.shift-technology.com" target="\_blank">www.shift-technology.com</a></span></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p></div><p>As a <strong>Project Manager</strong>, you will join our <strong>Delivery team</strong> in <strong>Sao Paulo </strong>to spearhead the deployment of Shift’s AI solutions for global insurance clients. You will act as the cornerstone between our technical teams and client stakeholders, ensuring projects move from initial scoping to scalable, long-term success. Your goal is to anticipate risks and build strong, trust-based relationships that allow our products to deliver measurable value across diverse markets. This hybrid role is essential for driving the collaborative execution that defines how we win together at Shift, and should expect to be in the office 2 days per week.</p>
<p><strong>What Your Impact Looks Like:</strong></p>
<p>At Shift, we value ownership from day one. In this role, you will:</p>
<ul>
<li><strong>Jump In &amp; Get Things Done:</strong> Take proactive ownership of project milestones and resolve blockers quickly to keep delivery on track. Coordinate with our technical program management team to ensure alignment between product roadmap and project plan as well as the execution of the release process</li>
<li><strong>Simplify the Complex:</strong> Translate technical requirements and project plans into clear, accessible language for both internal teams, customers, and C-level stakeholders.</li>
<li><strong>Decide with Data &amp; EQ:</strong> Manage complex client relationships by balancing hard project data with emotional intelligence to navigate high-pressure situations.</li>
<li><strong>Test, Learn, Scale:</strong> Experiment with new project management methods and share these learnings to help the delivery organization improve speed and quality.</li>
<li><strong>Fix Issues Without Drama:</strong> Address delivery challenges directly and objectively, focusing on collaborative solutions rather than placing blame.</li>
<li><strong>Communicate with Impact:</strong> Adapt your communication style to align diverse stakeholders, from operational teams to senior management, around shared project goals.&nbsp;</li>
<li><strong>Cross the Finish Line:</strong> Ensure projects are delivered fully and meet agreed-upon standards, validating that outcomes truly meet client expectations before closure.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>What You'll Need to Succeed:</strong></p>
<p>We are looking for a Shifter who is...</p>
<ul>
<li><strong>Impact Oriented:</strong> You bring at least 5 years of technical project management experience with a consulting or SaaS company.&nbsp; You have a proven track record of managing complex projects and understand how to turn project milestones into measurable business impact.</li>
<li><strong>Methodology-Minded:</strong> You hold a PM certification (PMP, Prince2, or CAPM) and use a structured approach to build scalable processes and implementation plan, but understand how to apply these frameworks flexibly.</li>
<li><strong>Bilingual:</strong> You are a fluent English speaker (written and spoken) to effectively manage our global and local stakeholders and lead complex discussions and technical scoping in both languages. Professional fluency in Spanish is nice to have.</li>
<li><strong>Growth Minded:</strong> You are always looking for a better way to do something - you are eager to test, learn, and adapt your project management methods by integrating AI-driven tools into your own workflow, using technology to automate the routine and scale your impact as Shift grows.&nbsp;</li>
<li><strong>Collaborative:</strong> You thrive in cross-functional environments, partnering naturally with Product, Engineering, and GTM teams to deliver unified outcomes.</li>
<li><strong>Client Focused:</strong> You are committed to exceptional service but prioritize the project’s long-term success over short-term requests. You have the professional courage to stand your ground under pressure and navigate difficult client conversations with data and integrity.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Interview Process</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Talent Acquisition interview</li>
<li>Manager interview</li>
<li>Interview with Americas Head of Delivery</li>
<li>Business Case</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><p><span style="color: #000000;"><strong><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;">To support our permanent, full time employees at every stage of their careers and lives, we provide a competitive total rewards and benefits package. Here are the global benefits we’d like to highlight:</span></strong></span></p>
<ul>
<li style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;"><span style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0); font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;">Flexible remote and hybrid working options</span></li>
<li style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;"><span style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0); font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;">Competitive Salary and a variable component tied to personal and company performance</span></li>
<li style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;"><span style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0); font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;">Multiple Learning and Development opportunities, including Focus Fridays, a half-day each month to focus on learning and personal growth</span></li>
<li style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;"><span style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0); font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;">Generous PTO and paid holidays</span></li>
<li style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;"><span style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0); font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;">Mental health benefits&nbsp;</span></li>
<li style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;"><span style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0); font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;">2 MAD Days per year (Make A Difference Days for paid volunteering)</span></li>
</ul>
<p><span style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0); font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;">Additional benefits may be offered by country, based on your eligibility - ask your recruiter for more information. Intern and Apprentice positions may receive some of these benefits - ask your recruiter for more details.</span></p>
<p><span style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0); font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;"><em>At Shift we strive to be a diverse and inclusive workforce. <em data-stringify-type="italic">We welcome applications from and hire people who will contribute to the diversity of our company,&nbsp;</em>without regard to race, color, religion, marital status, age, national or ethnic origin, physical or mental disability, medical condition, pregnancy, genetic information, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, or other non-merit criteria.</em></span></p>
<p><span style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0); font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;"><em>Shift Technology is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities in our application and employment process. Should you require accommodation, please email accommodation@shift-technology.com and we will work with you to meet your accessibility needs.</em></span></p>
<p><span style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0); font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;"><em>Please be aware of scammers and only trust correspondence that comes from emails ending in "shift-technology.com". We will never do initial outreach to you via Whatsapp/Text/SMS, never ask for banking information or personal identification numbers (ex. Social Security Number) as part of our recruitment process.</em></span></p>
<p><span style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0); font-size: 8pt; font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;"><em>Shift Technology does not accept unsolicited CVs from recruiters or employment agencies in response to the Shift Technology Careers page or a Shift Technology social media post. Any unsolicited CVs, including those submitted directly to hiring managers, are deemed to be the property of Shift Technology. </em></span></p></div>