<p>
  <strong>Headquarters:</strong> 
</p>

<p><span><em><span>&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; ** This is a full time / employment agreement role only**</span></em></span></p><br><p><span><em><span>&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; **Candidate must be located and have work authorization in Singapore**</span></em></span></p><br><p><br></p><br><p><span><span>Who We Are</span></span></p><br><p><span>We are a trusted, institutional crypto asset technology team that delivers leading data and software products to address the most complex data challenges. We build SaaS and DaaS solutions to convert crypto asset data into auditable information to support portfolio management, sub-ledger, risk, analytical and other financial reporting. Our products automate and optimize crypto asset data management for all businesses, including but not limited to funds, fund administrators, OTC and proprietary trading desks, exchanges, miners, protocols and accounting firms&nbsp; - and we are proud to call some of the largest crypto businesses and financial institutions our customers.</span></p><br><p><span><em><span><br></span></em></span></p><br><p><span>Position Summary</span></p><br><p><span>This role is responsible for taking new customers from signed contracts to full implementation. This includes owning all aspects of the communication, planning, and implementation.&nbsp;</span></p><br><p><br></p><br><p><span>What you’ll do</span></p><br><p><br></p><br><ul><br><li><span>Perform data analysis and work to reconcile/onboard new clients along with providing ongoing operational support for existing clients</span></li><br><li><span>Ensure customer satisfaction and work with customers to develop business requirements for system enhancements where necessary</span></li><br><li><span>Troubleshoot complex issues and develop system requirements for resolution</span></li><br><li><span>Collaborate with cross-functional stakeholders from Product, Solutions, Account Management, and Engineering in order to deliver and enhance new and existing features of all Lukka products</span></li><br><li><span>Achieve on-time delivery without compromising quality</span></li><br><li><span>Lead configuration discussions with customers centered around meeting their specific needs and establishing best practices</span></li><br><li><span>Train customers to be self-sustaining</span></li><br></ul><br><p><br></p><br><p><span><span>What You'll Need:</span></span></p><br><ul><br><li><span>Intermediate to advanced knowledge of SQL, and large relational database structures</span></li><br><li><span>2+ years of experience working in data analytics, technical product operations, or a similar field</span></li><br><li><span>Self-motivated and highly organized individual that can maintain a mindset of continuous improvement in terms of efficiency and customer satisfaction</span></li><br><li><span>Strong familiarity with Microsoft Office products (specifically advanced ability in Excel)</span></li><br><li><span>Client/customer experience or aptitude (articulate)</span></li><br><li><span>Basic knowledge of accounting and finance</span></li><br><li><span>Strong technical ability and attention to detail - including the ability to troubleshoot complex issues and develop system requirements for resolution</span></li><br><li><span>Ability to learn quickly and adapt to new situations</span></li><br><li><span>Professional working proficiency in Business Chinese</span></li><br><li><span>[Nice to have] Experience in client management, covering Chinese client relationships at the executive level</span></li><br><li><span>[Nice to have] Understanding of big data, cryptocurrency and/or blockchain</span></li><br><li><span>[Nice to have] Understanding of financial markets and products</span></li><br><li><span>[Nice to have] Technical experience and knowledge (i.e.,familiar with computer science)</span></li><br></ul><br><p><br></p><br><p><span><span>Why Join Lukka?</span></span></p><br><p><span>Are you looking for a challenge? Lukka solves the most complex data and technology challenges for an industry that is at the forefront of innovation.</span></p><br><p><br></p><br><p><span>At Lukka, we strive to anticipate and respond to the needs of this new and ever-changing ecosystem of digital assets. That was true in 2014, while everyone was focused on trading &amp; buying this new asset class, we were thinking about the tax implications of crypto. That innovative foresight continues today as we evolve and iterate on our product suite to address the regulations and educate our customers.</span></p><br><p><br></p><br><p><span>We are looking for passionate, collaborative, and strategic individuals who want to help shape the future of, well, everything – starting with making crypto more accountable. We invest in our teammates, promote from within &amp; are responsible to each other by fostering an inclusive space for curious minds to thrive and innovate.</span></p><br><p><br></p><br><p><span><span>What’s life @ Lukka like?&nbsp;</span></span></p><br><p><span>We move fast and continue to be ahead of the curve. You could be part of a growing company bridging the gap between business and blockchain.&nbsp;</span></p><br><p><br></p><br><p><span>Here’s some insight into why our team members have joined:</span></p><br><ul><br><li><span>Ability to own the projects they work on&nbsp;</span></li><br><li><span>Less red-tape to take ideas from inception to delivery</span></li><br><li><span>Being at the forefront of an industry</span></li><br><li><span>Small team, big dreams</span></li><br></ul><br><p><br></p><br><p><span><span>Of course, let’s discuss some perks:</span></span></p><br><ul><br><li><span><span>Competitive salary, including equity in the company</span><span>, so you can own what we build together and share in our success</span></span></li><br><li><span>Health Care Stipend so you can select the healthcare plan best suited for you and or your family</span><br></li><br><li><span>We want you for the long haul. We’re a team on a mission and we want you to grow your career with us. Promoting from within is not just something we say, but something we do</span><br></li><br><li><span>Remote international team - you’ll join a team of experts in their domains, influencing the booming industry. We are a remote first company, however in case you'd like to work in an office setting we have an office in Singapore.&nbsp;</span></li><br></ul><br><p><br></p><br><p><span>So you’ve scrolled, your interest is piqued and hopefully read all of the important things...now what?&nbsp;</span></p><br><p><br></p><br><p><span>This is an exciting time to join a team that’s at the forefront of this rapidly growing industry. We are looking for people who constantly push themselves to think differently, are ready to face new challenges and chart exciting new paths. If this excites you, apply now!&nbsp; </span></p><br><ul></ul><br><ul></ul>

<p><strong>To apply:</strong> <a href="https://weworkremotely.com/remote-jobs/lukka-technical-product-operations-specialist">https://weworkremotely.com/remote-jobs/lukka-technical-product-operations-specialist</a></p>