**Are you ready to join our digital revolution journey?**

At **[Aleph](https://alephholding.com/)**, we’re not just part of the digital advertising landscape—we’re shaping its future. Representing the world’s leading platforms, including TikTok, Amazon, Google, and nearly 55 others, we operate in 130+ markets across new and existing geographies.

Our mission is to empower advertisers and brands to unlock the full potential of these platforms' advertising capabilities. By fostering long-lasting partnerships, we create limitless opportunities for people and businesses to advertise effectively at both local and global levels.

With a presence spanning continents, Aleph offers you the chance to be part of a fast-growing, innovative team where your work makes a direct impact. If you’re ambitious, forward-thinking, and eager to thrive in a dynamic, global environment, Aleph is the perfect place to build your career.

We are looking for a **Data Engineer** for our global team, who will drive the integration and transformation of data from diverse platforms into unified, high-impact data solutions used across the organization. This is a hands-on role where your work will directly influence how the business operates by enabling visibility, automation, and smarter decisions at scale.

## What you'll do:

- Collecting, connecting data sources and preparing reports from Global Partners/Platforms.
- Matching, importing and automating data flows.
- Building and optimizing data model.
- Resolving matching issues and discrepancies with the Global teams.
- Preparing dashboards and updating internal systems.
- Collaborating with other departments to identify opportunities for process improvements  
  and recommend optimization.

## What we are looking for:

- Advanced knowledge of SQL/API, BigQuery or other BI tools.
- Experience with spreadsheet programs (ie: Excel, Google Sheets, etc).
- Action and detail-oriented with the ability to work fluently with large datasets.
- Experience in Data analysis, ETL processes and data architecture.
- Experience with GCP native services and integrating AI/LLM agents as nice to have.
- Good communication, time management and organization skills.

#ALEPH

**Why Join Us?**

Aleph is a place of many cultures, perspectives, and talents. We support each other, creating an environment of giving and receiving. We value partnership and communication because we believe it takes a group of people to achieve great things. We are energized by our ever-changing industry, our curiosity keeps us learning and seeking out new opportunities.

We stay flexible and adaptable, and believe in moving with the speed of change. We encourage everyone to strive for more, providing our internal talent with growth opportunities and the ability to learn together.

#ALEPH