<div class="content-intro"><div><span style="font-size: 18pt;"><strong>About Neo4j:</strong></span></div>
<div>
<p>Neo4j is the graph intelligence platform that transforms data into knowledge to power the next generation of intelligent applications and AI systems. It includes enterprise-ready knowledge graphs for accurate, explainable, and governed AI; the most comprehensive, trusted, and easy-to-deploy graph capabilities across any environment and data source; and an unmatched ecosystem trusted by 84 of the Fortune 100 and supported by the world’s largest graph community.&nbsp;Intelligence that works. Results that matter.</p>
<p>Built to work everywhere and integrate with everything across every cloud for dynamic, personalized, and autonomous AI systems. We deliver quicker results, contextual knowledge, and solutions that impact customers and employees across the business.</p>
</div>
<div><span style="font-size: 18pt;"><strong>Our Vision:&nbsp;</strong></span></div>
<div>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">At Neo4j, we have always strived to help the world make sense of data.&nbsp;&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">As business, society and knowledge become increasingly connected, our technology promotes innovation by helping organizations to find and understand data relationships. We created, drive and lead the graph database category, and we’re disrupting how organizations leverage their data to innovate and stay competitive.</span></p>
</div></div><h1><strong>Job Summary:</strong></h1>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>As a Senior&nbsp; AI Solutions Consultant at Neo4j, you will drive transformative change by designing, building, and deploying innovative solutions that combine the power of graph databases and AI. You'll work hands-on to develop scalable, production-grade solutions while acting as a trusted advisor to strategic customers, translating complex data challenges into tangible business value. This involves collaborating closely with customer executives and technical leaders to understand their specific needs and then leveraging your expertise in graph technologies, LLMs, and AI orchestration frameworks to develop bespoke, production-ready AI applications grounded in real-world context using Neo4j Knowledge Graphs.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>Providing hands-on consulting and technical expertise for customer engagements will be central to your role. You'll collaborate with Neo4j's most strategic customers on projects that revolutionize their businesses. You'll also collaborate with key Neo4j cloud partners to deliver joint consulting services, offering technical guidance and best practices.&nbsp;</p>
<h1><strong>Key Responsibilities:</strong></h1>
<p>Solution Architecting:&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>You will work with customer technical leads, customer executives, and partners to manage and deliver successful implementations of Graph+GenAI solutions becoming a trusted advisor to decision-makers throughout the engagement.</li>
<li>You will propose solution architectures and manage the deployment of Graph+GenAI solutions according to complex customer requirements and implementation best practices.</li>
<li>You will work directly with customers to understand their business objectives and translate them into AI-powered solutions that leverage graph databases and LLMs. This includes gathering requirements, understanding existing data landscapes, and identifying opportunities to apply graph-based AI to solve business challenges.</li>
<li>You will interact with customer stakeholders to manage project scope, priorities, deliverables, risks and issues, and timelines for successful customer outcomes.<br><br></li>
</ul>
<p>Solution Engineering:&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>You will develop, test, and deploy production-ready AI applications that integrate graph databases with LLMs and orchestration frameworks. This involves writing production-level code, optimizing for performance and scalability, and ensuring seamless integration with customer systems.</li>
<li>Continuously evaluate and improve the performance, scalability, and efficiency of deployed AI applications, incorporating new techniques and technologies as they emerge.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>Education &amp; Enablement:</p>
<ul>
<li>You will work with other teams at Neo4j (Product and Marketing) to influence the roadmap and provide insights from the field, and package approaches, best practices, and lessons learned into thought leadership, methodologies, and published assets.</li>
<li>You will share your expertise internally with other Neo4j teams and also with customers through workshops, training sessions, and documentation to empower them to effectively utilize, maintain, and reproduce the AI solutions you deliver.</li>
<li>Maintain continuous learning and stay up-to-date with the rapidly evolving GenAI landscape, proactively seeking knowledge of new trends and technologies.</li>
</ul>
<h1><strong>Required Qualifications:</strong></h1>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li><strong>Enterprise Application Development</strong>: 5+ years of experience in designing and developing enterprise-class applications, demonstrating a strong understanding of software development lifecycle principles.</li>
<li><strong>LLM Proficiency</strong>: 2+ years of Experience working with Large Language Models (LLMs), including prompt engineering, fine-tuning, and integrating LLMs into applications. Maintain up-to-date knowledge of different LLM providers and their strengths and limitations (e.g., OpenAI’s GPT and O families, Anthropic’s Claude family, Google’s Gemini, xAI’s Grok, as well as open-source LLMs like LLama, DeepSeek, and Mistral).</li>
<li><strong>Programming Proficiency</strong>: Competence and hands-on experience in at least one of the following languages: Java, JavaScript, Python, or C#. Ability to write clean, maintainable, and efficient code is essential.</li>
<li><strong>Deployment and Version Control</strong>: Hands-on experience with deployment software on major platforms, such as Linux, Docker, and Kubernetes, and proficiency in source control software, including Git and SVN.</li>
<li><strong>Cloud Computing Expertise</strong>: Practical experience with cloud platforms (e.g., AWS, Azure, GCP) and demonstrated proficiency in deploying applications within cloud environments.</li>
<li><strong>Generative AI Ecosystem Knowledge</strong>: Deep understanding of the generative AI ecosystem, including AI orchestration frameworks (e.g., LangChain, Llama Index, Haystack) and cloud provider AI offerings (e.g., AWS Bedrock, Vertex AI, Azure Machine Learning).</li>
<li><strong>Data Expertise</strong>: Strong foundation in data engineering, data analytics, or data science, with the ability to work effectively with various data types and sources. Experience using big data technologies (e.g. Hadoop, Spark, Hive) and database management systems (e.g. SQL and NoSQL).</li>
<li><strong>Graph Database Expertise</strong>: Deep understanding of graph database concepts, data modeling, and query languages (e.g., Cypher). Demonstrate hands-on experience with graph databases (e.g., Neo4j, Neptune, TigerGraph) or triple stores (e.g., Ontotext, Stardog).</li>
<li><strong>Communication and Collaboration Skills</strong>: Excellent communication and interpersonal skills to effectively collaborate with customers and internal teams, fostering strong working relationships.</li>
<li><strong>Problem-Solving and Analytical Abilities</strong>: Strong analytical and problem-solving abilities to address complex technical challenges and design effective AI solutions.</li>
<li>You will have the ability to travel up to 50% of the time for customer engagements.</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><div><span style="font-size: 18pt;"><strong>Why Join Neo4j?</strong></span></div>
<div>
<p>Neo4j is, without question, the most popular graph intelligence platform in the world. We have customers in every industry globally, and our products are a proven product/market fit. Joining our team is an opportunity to shape the future of data and analytics. Below are just a few exciting facts about Neo4j.&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>Neo4j is one of the fastest-scaling technology companies in this industry. It <a href="https://neo4j.com/press-releases/neo4j-revenue-milestone-2024/">recently surpassed $200M</a> in annual recurring revenue (ARR), doubling its ARR <a href="https://neo4j.com/press-releases/2021-company-momentum/">over the past three years.</a>&nbsp;</li>
<li>Raised the biggest funding round in database history ($325M Series F). Backed by world-class investors like Eurazeo, GV (formerly Google Ventures), and Inovia Capital, Neo4j has raised over $600M in funding and is currently valued at over $2Bn. This puts Neo4j among the most well-funded database companies in history.</li>
<li>84% of the Fortune 100 and 58% of the Fortune 500 use Neo4j. Examples include <a href="https://neo4j.com/case-studies/boston-scientific/">Boston Scientific</a>, <a href="https://neo4j.com/case-studies/bt/">BT Group</a>, <a href="https://neo4j.com/case-studies/caterpillar/">Caterpillar</a>, <a href="https://neo4j.com/case-studies/cisco/">Cisco</a>, <a href="https://neo4j.com/case-studies/comcast/">Comcast</a>, <a href="https://neo4j.com/case-studies/department-for-education-uk/">Department for Education UK</a>, <a href="https://neo4j.com/case-studies/ebay/">eBay</a>, <a href="https://neo4j.com/case-studies/nbc-news/">NBC News</a>, <a href="https://neo4j.com/case-studies/novo-nordisk/">Novo Nordisk</a>, <a href="https://neo4j.com/case-studies/worldline/">Worldline</a>, and <a href="https://neo4j.com/case-studies/">others</a>.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Co-founder and CEO Emil Eifrem has built an amazing culture that prides itself on relationships, inclusiveness, innovation, and customer success.</li>
<li>Countless <a href="https://neo4j.com/awards/">industry awards</a>. Massive enterprises and individual developers/data scientists love Neo4j. A strong sense of community and ecosystem is built around the platform.</li>
<li>A recent Forrester Total Economic Impact™ Study cited Neo4j as delivering 417% ROI to customers.&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p><a href="https://www.bizjournals.com/bizwomen/news/profiles-strategies/2022/07/getting-the-job-how-gender-equity.html?page=all">Research</a> shows that members of underrepresented communities are less likely to apply for jobs when they don’t meet all the qualifications. <strong>If this is part of the reason you hesitate to apply, we’d encourage you to reconsider and give us the opportunity to review your application. </strong>At Neo4j, we are committed to building awareness and helping to improve these issues.&nbsp;</p>
<p>One of our central objectives is to provide an inclusive, diverse, and equitable workplace for everyone to develop their potential and have a positive, career-defining experience. We look forward to receiving your application.</p>
</div>
<div><span style="font-size: 18pt;"><strong>Neo4j Values:</strong></span></div>
<div>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Neo4j is a Silicon Valley company with a Swedish soul. We foster collaboration and each of us is empowered to contribute and put our innovative stamp on projects. We hire candidates who reflect the following Neo4j core values:</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">(we)-[:VALUE]-&gt;(relationships)<br></span><span style="font-weight: 400;">(we)-[:FOCUS\_ON]-&gt;(userSuccess)<br></span><span style="font-weight: 400;">(we)-[:THRIVE\_IN]-&gt;(:Culture {type: [‘Open’, ‘Inclusive’]})<br></span><span style="font-weight: 400;">(we)-[:ASSUME]-&gt;(:Intent {direction:’Positive’})<br></span><span style="font-weight: 400;">(we)-[:WELCOME]-&gt;(:Discussions {nature: ‘IntellectuallyHonest’})<br></span><span style="font-weight: 400;">(we)-[:DELIVER\_ON]-&gt;(ourCommitments)&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Neo4j is committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. Please read the</span><a href="https://neo4j.com/privacy-policy/recruitment-process/?ref=hr-"><span style="font-weight: 400;"> </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">privacy notice regarding Neo4j's recruitment process</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to understand how we will handle the personal data that you provide.</span><span style="font-weight: 400;">&nbsp;</span></p>
<span style="font-weight: 400;">More information at</span><a href="http://www.neo4j.com/"><span style="font-weight: 400;"> </span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"><a href="https://www.neo4j.com">www.neo4j.com</a></span><span style="font-weight: 400;">.</span></div>
<div>&nbsp;</div>
<div><span style="font-weight: 400;">©2026 Neo4j, Inc., Neo Technology®, Neo4j®, Cypher®, Neo4j Bloom™, Neo4j Graph Data Science Library™, Neo4j® Aura™, and Neo4j® AuraDB™ are registered trademarks or a trademark of Neo4j, Inc. All other marks are owned by their respective companies.</span></div></div>