<p><strong>This is Adyen</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Adyen provides payments, data, and financial products in a single solution for customers like Meta, Uber, H&amp;M, and Microsoft - making us the financial technology platform of choice. At Adyen, everything we do is engineered for ambition.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">For our teams, we create an environment with opportunities for our people to succeed, backed by the culture and support to ensure they are enabled to truly own their careers. We are motivated individuals who tackle unique technical challenges at scale and solve them as a team. Together, we deliver innovative and ethical solutions that help businesses achieve their ambitions faster.</span></p>
<p><strong>Financial Credit Risk Analyst</strong></p>
<p>As a Financial Credit Risk Analyst based in Amsterdam you will be part of a growing team responsible for evaluating, managing, and scaling credit risk across Adyen’s expanding suite of financial products. The team plays a critical role in assessing credit risk, underwriting SME and enterprise merchants, and ensuring that portfolio performance remains within Adyen’s risk appetite, while enabling sustainable growth for our merchants.</p>
<p>Beyond day-to-day underwriting and portfolio management, the team owns the development and operation of credit risk operational frameworks for new and evolving financial products (e.g. Adyen Capital). Working closely with Commercial, Product, Compliance, and other cross-functional partners, you will help design scalable, data-driven risk operational processes that support Adyen’s global growth ambitions.</p>
<p>The Credit Risk team is in an early stage of its journey, offering significant opportunities to shape processes, influence product direction, and grow alongside the business. You will join an international, diverse team that values ownership, pragmatism, and collaboration, and operates across regions and cultures.</p>
<p>The ideal candidate combines expert-level financial assessment skills with the strategic mindset to improve our credit frameworks. You are a clear communicator who can justify risk decisions and transform portfolio monitoring insights into robust credit policy recommendations..</p>
<p><strong>&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p><strong>What you’ll do</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Perform in-depth credit underwriting by analyzing financial statements (i.e. P&amp;L, Balance Sheet, CashFlow) and portfolio monitoring of different financial products, including loans to SMBs and other credit products to enterprise customers;</li>
<li>Analyze the impact of business model, industry and macro-economic developments on the credit portfolios and the credit risk offering of Adyen;</li>
<li>Develop and implement credit risk strategies to enhance portfolio performance while ensuring alignment with risk appetite and business objectives;</li>
<li>Drive continuous improvement of our global and EU-specific credit risk underwriting and monitoring framework, including policies, procedures and practices;</li>
<li>Provide credit risk expertise to a variety of stakeholders to guarantee that credit risk is properly considered in new commercial product developments;</li>
<li>Lead projects from beginning to end, and find optimal solutions that benefit our customers and improve our risk management practices.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p><strong>Who you are</strong></p>
<p><strong>Financial Expertise</strong>:&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>
<ul>
<li>Minimum of 3+ years of experience in commercial credit underwriting, preferably within banking, fintech, or SMEs credit lending-driven environments.</li>
<li>Proven experience in fundamental credit analysis and financial statement interpretation.</li>
<li>Experience with qualitative risk assessment (i.e. business model analysis, management assessment, industry trends)&nbsp; across products such as SMB lending, working capital solutions, overdrafts, charge cards, and/or asset-backed financing.</li>
<li>Experience operating in high-volume, scalable credit environments is a strong plus, including exposure to payments, automation, and data-driven decisioning frameworks.</li>
<li>Ability to balance risk and return, applying sound judgment to make credit decisions in line with defined risk appetite and business objectives.</li>
<li>Familiarity with EU regulatory frameworks and guidelines related to credit risk; hands-on regulatory experience is a strong plus but not required.</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Mindset:</strong></p>
<ul>
<ul>
<li>Comfortable operating in a fast-scaling environment, contributing to the design of robust processes and building with automation and scalability in mind.</li>
</ul>
</ul>
<p><strong>Communication</strong></p>
<ul>
<ul>
<li>Clear and effective communicator who is able to communicate straight and to the point.</li>
</ul>
</ul>
<p><strong>&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p><strong>Please note that this role is a hybrid, 3x a week in office position in Amsterdam.</strong></p>
<p><strong><br>Our Diversity, Equity and Inclusion commitments&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Our unique approach is a product of our diverse perspectives. This diversity of backgrounds and cultures is essential in helping us maintain our momentum. Our business and technical challenges are unique, and we need as many different voices as possible to join us in solving them - voices like yours. No matter who you are or where you’re from, we welcome you to be your true self at Adyen.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Studies show that women and members of underrepresented communities apply for jobs only if they meet 100% of the qualifications. Does this sound like you? If so, Adyen encourages you to reconsider and apply. We look forward to your application!</span></p>
<p><strong>What’s next?</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Ensuring a smooth and enjoyable candidate experience is critical for us. We aim to get back to you regarding your application within 5 business days. Our interview process tends to take about 4 weeks to complete, but may fluctuate depending on the role. </span><a href="https://careers.adyen.com/how-we-hire"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Learn more about our hiring process here</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">. Don’t be afraid to let us know if you need more flexibility.</span></p>
<p>This role is based out of our Amsterdam office. We are an office-first company and value in-person collaboration; we do not offer remote-only roles.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>