<div class="content-intro"><p>Elastic, the Search AI Company, enables everyone to find the answers they need in real time, using all their data, at scale — unleashing the potential of businesses and people. The Elastic Search AI Platform, used by more than 50% of the Fortune 500, brings together the precision of search and the intelligence of AI to enable everyone to accelerate the results that matter. By taking advantage of all structured and unstructured data — securing and protecting private information more effectively — Elastic’s complete, cloud-based solutions for search, security, and observability help organizations deliver on the promise of AI.</p></div><h3><strong>What is The Role</strong></h3>
<p>Join our distributed UX team and be part of building an innovative user experience for our Security product at Elastic. Our mission is to help organizations protect their data and operations efficiently and effectively.</p>
<p>As a part of the Elastic Security team, you’ll have the opportunity to work on complex, data-heavy security products that our customers rely on to safeguard their environments.</p>
<p>We are looking for a curious and skilled Product Designer ready to take on advanced design challenges and help elevate our security products’ user experience. You will collaborate closely with cross-functional teams, including Product Managers, Engineers, Senior and Principal Designers, and UX Researchers, to craft intuitive, research-driven solutions that align with Elastic’s vision.</p>
<p>This is not just a role; it’s a chance to grow your career while tackling some of the most meaningful, complex problems in the industry.</p>
<p>Applications without a link (and password, if applicable) to a <strong>Portfolio or a Case Study</strong> will not be considered. We appreciate your understanding.</p>
<h3><strong>What You Will Be Doing</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Partner closely with PMs, developers, and cross-functional teams to dig deep into user needs, shaping innovative solutions that resonate.</li>
<li>An opportunity to conduct user research activities such as interviews, surveys, usability testing, and data analysis to uncover user problems, behaviors, and motivations.</li>
<li>Synthesize research findings into actionable insights that guide the design process, ensuring our products meet real user needs.</li>
<li>Craft intuitive and engaging interaction designs that balance aesthetics and usability, ensuring seamless experiences across all touchpoints.</li>
<li>Leverage industry standard design and AI tools to bring user experiences to life at every stage—from early sketches to polished prototypes—using wireframes, flow diagrams, storyboards, mockups, and high-fidelity designs.</li>
<li>Continuously evolve product experiences by blending user feedback with business insights, ensuring we deliver significant improvements.</li>
<li>Champion design-driven decisions that push for refinement, enhancement, and a user-first approach across the board.</li>
</ul>
<h3>What You Bring&nbsp;</h3>
<ul>
<li>3+ years of proven experience in product design within a B2B-focused company, demonstrating growing confidence in designing complex features.</li>
<li>You can design user interfaces that are not only visually appealing but also highly functional and aligned with key business goals.</li>
<li>Experience addressing user-focused problems solved via creative UI solutions, design systems (<a href="http://eui.elastic.co">EUI</a>) and quality assurances.</li>
<li>Proficiency with product design tools (we use Figma and Figjam)</li>
<li>Working proficiency with AI tools that augment and improve the design workflow (e.g. Gemini, Cursor, Claude, etc.)</li>
<li>Stay current with the latest design and technology trends and adopt new tools and techniques, when necessary</li>
<li>Comfortable and confident in communicating and discussing design decisions</li>
<li>Curiosity and eagerness to learn and grow, actively seeking feedback and mentorship from senior designers and manager.</li>
<li>Proactive communication: Ability to successfully communicate in a distributed team across multiple time zones, using asynchronous modes of communications such as Slack, GitHub, and Google Docs.</li>
<li>Crossfunctional experience working directly with product and engineering partners, as well as other designers to ensure consistency and alignment.</li>
</ul>
<h3>Bonus Points</h3>
<ul>
<li>Experience designing data-intensive user experiences</li>
<li>Experience contributing to an established design system</li>
<li>Background in the cybersecurity domain</li>
<li>Working on ambiguous, complex products with highly technical requirements</li>
<li>Designing for AI-driven interfaces</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><h2><strong>Additional Information - We Take Care of Our People</strong></h2>
<p>As a distributed company, diversity drives our identity. Whether you’re looking to launch a new career or grow an existing one, Elastic is the type of company where you can balance great work with great life. Your age is only a number. It doesn’t matter if you’re just out of college or your children are; we need you for what you can do.</p>
<p>We strive to have parity of benefits across regions and while regulations differ from place to place, we believe taking care of our people is the right thing to do.</p>
<ul>
<li>Competitive pay based on the work you do here and not your previous salary</li>
<li>Health coverage for you and your family in many locations</li>
<li>Ability to craft your calendar with flexible locations and schedules for many roles</li>
<li>Generous number of vacation days each year</li>
<li>Increase your impact - We match up to $2000 (or local currency equivalent) for financial donations and service</li>
<li>Up to 40 hours each year to use toward volunteer projects you love</li>
<li>Embracing parenthood with minimum of 16 weeks of parental leave</li>
</ul>
<p>Different people approach problems differently. We need that. Elastic is an equal opportunity employer and is committed to creating an inclusive culture that celebrates different perspectives, experiences, and backgrounds. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, ethnicity, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender perception or identity, national origin, age, marital status, protected veteran status, disability status, or any other basis protected by federal, state or local law, ordinance or regulation.</p>
<p>We welcome individuals with disabilities and strive to create an accessible and inclusive experience for all individuals. To request an accommodation during the application or the recruiting process, please email <a href="mailto:candidate\_accessibility@elastic.co" target="\_blank">candidate\_accessibility@elastic.co</a><span class="gmail\_default">.</span>&nbsp;We will reply to your request within 24 business hours of submission.</p>
<p><span style="color: #000000;">Applicants have rights under Federal Employment Laws, view posters linked below:</span> <a href="https://www.dol.gov/sites/dolgov/files/WHD/legacy/files/fmlaen.pdf" target="\_blank">Family and Medical Leave Act (FMLA)</a> <span style="color: #000000;">Poster;</span><span style="color: #000000;">&nbsp;<a href="https://www.dol.gov/sites/dolgov/files/ofccp/pdf/pay-transp\_%20English\_formattedESQA508c.pdf" target="\_blank">Pay Transparency Nondiscrimination Provision</a> Poster; </span><a href="https://www.dol.gov/sites/dolgov/files/WHD/legacy/files/eppabw.pdf" target="\_blank">Employee Polygraph Protection Act (EPPA)</a> <span style="color: #000000;">Poster and <a href="https://www.dol.gov/sites/dolgov/files/OFCCP/regs/compliance/posters/pdf/22-088\_EEOC\_KnowYourRights.pdf" target="\_blank">Know Your Rights</a> (Poster)</span></p>
<p><span style="color: #000000;">Elasticsearch develops and distributes technology and information that is subject to U.S. and other countries’ export controls and licensing requirements for individuals who are located in or are nationals of the following sanctioned countries and regions: Belarus, Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Syria, or Russia, including the Ukrainian territories annexed by Russia (The Crimea region of Ukraine, The Donetsk People's Republic (DNR), The Luhansk People's Republic (LNR), Kherson or Zaporizhzhia). If you are located in or are a national of one of the listed countries or regions, an export license may be required as a condition of your employment in this role. Please note that national origin and/or nationality do not affect eligibility for employment with Elastic.</span></p>
<p>Please see&nbsp;<a href="https://www.elastic.co/legal/applicant-privacy-statement" target="\_blank" data-saferedirecturl="https://www.google.com/url?q=https://www.elastic.co/legal/applicant-privacy-statement&amp;source=gmail&amp;ust=1611068262479000&amp;usg=AFQjCNG3orAPk5sJIr9WVm0ZDxYw82c5DA">here</a>&nbsp;for our Privacy Statement.</p></div>