## 1KOMMA5°

At 1KOMMA5°, we are building Europe's leading energy software platform “Heartbeat AI”. We offer a one-stop-shop for selling, installing and optimizing photovoltaics, electricity storage, heat pumps and charging stations to our customers, to significantly increase the profitability of those systems for our customers. With these energy system solutions, we enable our customers to decarbonize their home, mobility and ultimately their life already today. At the same time, we continue working towards our vision of living on wind and sunlight forever for free, by expanding Heartbeat AI to ensure the cleanest and cheapest electricity for our customers around the globe. Wanna tackle the energy revolution with us? Apply now and become part of our mission – We are seeking an experienced Product Manager to oversee the Heartbeat Platform in the Netherlands. The successful candidate will closely collaborate with our Dutch branch and manage stakeholders across the entire Dutch market.<br><br>Become a part of our mission and learn <a href="https://1komma5.com/de/ueber-uns/jobs/tech/">more</a> about our Product &amp; Tech team!

## Deine Position

<p>As a member of our Product Team, you play a pivotal role in a visionary and dynamic group committed to revolutionizing the global energy sector. Building upon our Heartbeat AI Platform, our mission is to identify and deliver relevant Energy Services to our end customers in every market we operate in and offer #NewEnergy to our customers.</p><p>Your Position:</p><ul><li><p>Product Strategy &amp; Roadmap: Develop, own and execute the ongoing dutch product strategy consisting of the Heartbeat platform, an energy tariff and the 1KOMMA5° Native App, aligning with the company's vision and market demands.</p></li><li><p>Key Stakeholder Management: Work closely with the Management of both the Germany based Tech &amp; Product team, as well as the Dutch branch, to ensure seamless communication and collaboration.</p></li><li><p>Drive Commercial Success: Collaborate with the local sales, marketing and operations teams to support the launch and market positioning of products, ensuring they deliver meaningful value to customers and partners.</p></li><li><p>Expertise &amp; Innovation: Leverage deep knowledge of the energy market and constantly keep track of technological advancements and regulatory developments to drive product innovation and improvements. Closely align with the German Market Intelligence Team to derive strategic, data-driven decisions for the Dutch Product Roadmap. </p></li><li><p>Development &amp; Implementation: Oversee the development process, ensuring high-quality product delivery in line with technical specifications and timelines. Closely collaborate with the Product Managers for Heartbeat, Dynamic Pulse and Flexibility Services to define product requirements for new products in the Dutch market. Coordinate with engineering, sales, and marketing teams to ensure cohesive product development and launch.</p></li><li><p>Networking &amp; Partnerships: Utilize and expand your network within the Dutch grid and energy market to foster partnerships and business opportunities. Represent 1KOMMA5° at industry events, conferences, and meetings to promote Heartbeat and build relationships.</p></li></ul>

## Dein Profil

<ul><li><p>Educational Background:</p><ul><li><p>Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in Business Administration, Engineering, Renewable Energies, Energy Systems, or related fields.</p></li></ul></li><li><p>Experience:</p><ul><li><p>Minimum of 5 years of experience in a product management role, preferably within the renewable energy sector.</p></li><li><p>Proven track record of successfully managing complex products and projects from inception to completion.</p></li></ul></li><li><p>Skills &amp; Competencies:</p><ul><li><p>Strong understanding of the energy market, and regulatory environment in the Netherlands</p></li><li><p>Excellent stakeholder management skills with the ability to balance diverse interests and priorities.</p></li><li><p>Exceptional communication and interpersonal skills</p></li><li><p>Analytical mindset with strong problem-solving abilities and a keen attention to detail.</p></li><li><p>Ability to thrive in a fast-paced, dynamic environment and adapt to changing market conditions.</p></li></ul></li><li><p>Additional Qualifications:</p><ul><li><p>A well-established network within the Dutch energy market is a significant advantage.</p></li><li><p>Excellent written and spoken English; additional proficiency in German and/or Dutch is a plus.</p></li><li><p>Experience working with home energy management systems or related technologies is highly desirable.</p></li></ul></li></ul><p>We are an ambitious and dynamic company with a talented team. We require our Product Managers to be imaginative, enthusiastic, and willing to tackle new challenges as we strive to provide everyone with renewable energy technologies.</p>

## Benefits

<ul><li><p>Join one of the fastest growing German Startups in one of the most promising markets of the coming years</p></li><li><p>You will be working alongside a young, dynamic team in one of the fastest growing companies in the Netherlands </p></li><li><p>Drive change from the get go: You move in flat hierarchies and work directly with your superiors</p></li><li><p>Be part of a highly motivated team that has proven to make a difference</p></li><li><p>Support the energy transition and contribute to one of the greatest challenges of our time</p></li><li><p>Our modern offices in Deventer, Berlin, Hamburg or Munich are waiting for you. Home Office and remote work is at your responsibility</p></li><li><p>Receive your favorite hardware equipment (iPhone, Mac/Windows laptop, AirPods etc.)</p></li><li><p>Enjoy EGYM Wellpass and all the sporty benefits that come with it</p></li><li>Benefits and discounts are yours with Futurebens</li><li>Whether city bike or e-bike - be flexible with our job bike leasing and do something good for the environment at the same time</li></ul>