<div class="content-intro"><p><strong><em>🚀 We’re on a mission to make money work for everyone.</em></strong></p>
<p>We’re waving goodbye to the complicated and confusing ways of traditional banking.</p>
<p>After starting as a prepaid card, our product offering has grown a lot in the last 10 years in the UK. As well as&nbsp;<a href="https://monzo.com/current-account/personal">personal</a> and <a href="https://monzo.com/business-banking">business</a> bank accounts, we offer <a href="https://monzo.com/current-account/joint-account">joint accounts</a>, <a href="https://monzo.com/current-account/16-17">accounts for 16-17 year olds</a>, a <a href="https://monzo.com/current-account/under-16s">free kids account</a> and <a href="https://monzo.com/flex">credit cards</a> in the UK, with more exciting things to come beyond. Our UK customers can also <a href="https://monzo.com/savings">save</a>, <a href="https://monzo.com/investments">invest </a>and&nbsp;<a href="https://monzo.com/pensions">combine their pensions</a> with us.&nbsp;</p>
<p>With our hot coral cards and get-paid-early feature, combined with financial education on social media and our award winning customer service, we have a long history of creating magical moments for our customers!</p>
<p>We’re not about selling products - we want to solve problems and change lives through Monzo ❤️</p>
<hr>
<p>&nbsp;</p></div><p>📍London or UK Remote | 💰 £110,000 - £125,000 + Stock Options + <a href="https://monzo.com/careers/">Benefits</a> | <a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U62l09nB0M4">Hear from the team</a> ✨</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>⭐Our Design team</strong></p>
<p>We’re a team of 100+ designers, researchers, and brand experts led by Chief Design Officer Vuokko Aro. We’re on a mission to make money work for everyone. Product Design makes up almost half of our design disciplines, working in tight-knit squads alongside research, product, and engineering to solve real customer problems at scale.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>We design for the "magic moments"</strong></p>
<p>We’ve built a bank that feels human, not just functional. Our product <em>is</em> our personality. We blend research, empathy, and craft to turn everyday interactions into memorable experiences.</p>
<p>Right now, we’re growing fast and looking for passionate designers to shape Monzo’s future and there’s a huge opportunity to make your mark.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Business Banking</strong> is on a mission to make money work for all small businesses around the world. Since launching in 2020, Monzo Business has grown to be the bank of choice for over 800,000 UK businesses, voted by our customers as Britain’s recommended business account for overall service quality.</p>
<p>This is an exciting role for someone who loves getting close to complex problem spaces, shaping end-to-end experiences, and raising the bar for design craft. You’ll work across multiple squads within Business Banking, partnering closely with product, engineering, research and data to identify the biggest opportunities and bring them to life.</p>
<p>This is a player-coach role, where you’ll be hands-on in the work while also managing and developing a small number of designers. You’ll balance design strategy and delivery with people leadership, helping others grow while setting a high standard for quality and impact.<br><br></p>
<p><strong>🔑You’ll play a key role by...</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Setting the long-term design vision and leading large, end-to-end design projects in ambiguous problem spaces within Business Banking.</li>
<li>Delivering high-impact design work while managing and developing a small number of designers.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Navigating tradeoffs and guiding strategic decisions in an opinionated way.</li>
<li>Continuing to raise the bar for design craft and product excellence at Monzo, ensuring your work is a benchmark for quality and innovation across the organisation and our industry.</li>
<li>Partnering with cross-functional leaders to define and execute product strategies that translate into actionable plans you help build and ship.</li>
<li>Proactively addressing systemic challenges, reducing complexity, and creating better conditions for teams to deliver impactful work.</li>
<li>Acting as a visible ambassador for Design, sharing your work and its impact across the company to maintain Design’s place at the heart of Monzo.</li>
<li>Mentoring and levelling up designers across the discipline, fostering a culture of growth, collaboration, and belonging.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>🤩 We’d love to hear from you if…</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>You’re an expert in your craft, with deep expertise in a specific design discipline and strong foundational skills across all areas of product design.</li>
<li>You have experience managing designers, and are excited to grow others while remaining hands-on in your craft.&nbsp;</li>
<li>You’re a strategic thinker who can shape product direction within a multi-squad domain and translate organisational goals into clear, actionable plans.</li>
<li>You have a proven track record of delivering high-impact design work that drives customer outcomes, influences company metrics, and achieves commercial goals.</li>
<li>You’ll have excellent visual, UI and interaction skills, and the ability to think through complex interaction design.</li>
<li>You’re curious about continuing to develop your craft and keep learning about new tools, ways of working, and technology.</li>
<li>You thrive in ambiguity, leading teams to deliver in complex, fast-changing environments while maintaining a high bar for quality.</li>
<li>You’re a natural collaborator, skilled at working cross-functionally to improve ways of working and deliver greater value for customers and the business.</li>
<li>You’re passionate about growing and shaping the Design team, whether through hiring, onboarding, or creating resources that scale your impact across the organisation.</li>
<li>You’re pragmatic and proactive, always looking for ways to improve Design’s impact at Monzo while balancing the need to “get the job done”.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>🙌What’s in it for you</strong></p>
<p>💰£110,000 - £125,000 + Stock Options</p>
<p>✈️ We’ll help you relocate to the UK.</p>
<p>✅ We can sponsor your visa.</p>
<p>📍This role can be based in our London office, but we're open to distributed working within the UK (with ad hoc meetings in London).</p>
<p>⏰We offer flexible working hours and trust you to work enough hours to do your job well, and at times that suit you and your team.</p>
<p>📚£1,000 learning budget each year to use on books, training courses and conferences.</p>
<p>🏡We will set you up to work from home; all employees are given Macbooks and for fully remote workers we will provide extra support for your work-from-home setup.</p>
<p>➕ Plus lots more!</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>🌈</strong><strong> The application journey has 3 key steps</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>30-minute call with our Recruiter, Tom</li>
<li>1-hour craft interview where you’ll present a single case study to 2 members of our Design team</li>
<li>2 x 45-minute interviews covering Strategy &amp; Impact and Leadership &amp; Values</li>
</ul>
<p><br>This process should take around 3-4 weeks - your schedule is really important to us, so we promise to be as flexible as possible!</p>
<p>We have some guidelines on using Artificial Intelligence (AI) to ace an application and interview at Monzo. <a href="https://monzo.com/blog/the-ultimate-guide-on-using-ai-to-ace-an-interview-at-monzo">You can read them here</a>.</p>
<p>We’ll only close this role once we have enough applications for the next stage. Please submit your application as soon as possible to make sure you don’t miss out.&nbsp;</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>#LI-TR1</p>
<p>#LI-Remote</p><div class="content-conclusion"><hr>
<p><strong>Equal opportunities for everyone</strong></p>
<p>Diversity and inclusion are a priority for us and we’re making sure we have lots of support for all of our people to grow at Monzo. At Monzo, we’re embracing diversity by fostering an inclusive environment for all people to do the best work of their lives with us. This is integral to our mission of making money work for everyone. You can read more in our <a href="https://monzo.com/blog/diversity-and-inclusion">blog</a>, 2024 <a href="https://monzo.com/blog/our-2024-diversity-and-inclusion-report" target="\_blank">Diversity and Inclusion Report</a> and 2024 <a href="https://monzo.com/blog/an-update-on-our-gender-pay-gap-2024">Gender Pay Gap Report.</a></p>
<p>We’re an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be considered for employment without attention to age, ethnicity, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, family or parental status, national origin, or veteran, neurodiversity or disability status.</p>
<p>If you have a preferred name, please use it to apply. We don't need full or birth names at application stage 😊</p></div>