<div class="content-intro"><p><strong>Who we are&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>At Twilio, we’re shaping the future of communications, all from the comfort of our homes. We deliver innovative solutions to<a class="c-link" href="https://customers.twilio.com/" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://customers.twilio.com/" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">&nbsp;hundreds of thousands of businesses&nbsp;</a>and empower millions of developers worldwide to craft personalized customer experiences.</p>
<p>Our dedication to <a class="c-link" href="https://www.twilio.com/en-us/blog/open-work" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://www.twilio.com/en-us/blog/open-work" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">remote-first work</a>, and strong culture of connection and global inclusion means that no matter your location, you’re part of a vibrant team with diverse experiences making a global impact each day. As we continue to revolutionize how the world interacts, we’re acquiring new skills and experiences that make work feel truly rewarding. Your career at Twilio is in your hands.<br><br>We use Artificial Intelligence (AI) to help make our hiring process efficient. That said, every hiring decision is made by real Twilions!</p>
<p><span style="color: rgb(255, 255, 255);">.</span></p></div><p><strong>See yourself at Twilio</strong></p>
<p>Join the team as Twilio’s next <span style="text-decoration: underline;"><em><strong>Senior Manager - Strat Accounts, RoA</strong></em></span>.</p>
<p><strong>About the job</strong></p>
<p>This position is needed to lead our Strategic Accounts team. This person will lead, mentor, and scale a high-performing team of full-cycle account executives, who are passionate about working with large clients across Rest of Asia (RoA) - The ideal candidate will lead relationships with our largest customers who consume our messaging, voice, platform email and customer data platform services. You will be directly responsible for protecting and growing Twilio’s business across your assigned customers As a leader, you will drive along with your team highly analytical and consultative sales cycles with customers that are running large scale, global, competitively sourced, compliance-heavy, use case-specific businesses. This role is highly cross functional, and your success will depend on building deep partnerships across product management, finance, support, and operations.</p>
<p><strong>Responsibilities</strong></p>
<p>In this role, you’ll:</p>
<ul>
<li>Talk with potential strategic customers, where you spend time learning about their needs, and then through consultation, develop a strategic plan to help their service thrive through the use of Twilio’s communication and segment platform.&nbsp;&nbsp;</li>
<li>Success in leading and building high-performing enterprise sales teams. Understand how to manage your team to deliver more than they may think is possible.</li>
<li>Comfortable allowing your team to be Owners of their own business. Sometimes this means giving them autonomy and trusting their decisions, but stepping in and coaching when needed.</li>
<li>Manage and expand some of our most important customer accounts, including high growth technology, logistics, and fintech companies.</li>
<li>Develop, drive, and execute account strategy to consistently deliver strong revenue, gross margin, and gross profit results.</li>
<li>Partner with and coordinate cross-functional internal teams (Sales Development, Legal, Engineering, Security, Marketing, Product) to efficiently navigate complex sales cycles</li>
<li>Run a disciplined forecast, consistently achieve goals, and present guidance to executive management.</li>
<li>Run highly consultative sales cycles with our largest customers with a focus on deep discovery, listening to customer needs and being an effective champion for their point of view in the organization</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Qualifications&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>Twilio values diverse experiences from all kinds of industries, and we encourage everyone who meets the required qualifications to apply. If your career is just starting or hasn't followed a traditional path, don't let that stop you from considering Twilio. We are always looking for people who will bring something new to the table!</p>
<p><strong>\*Required:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>6+ years of experience with 4 years in building teams, managing all monthly forecasting, and can support fiscal planning and revenue tracking for all major accounts in the region.</li>
<li>Consistent track record of exceeding revenue targets &amp; business objectives.</li>
<li>Industry experience in selling CPaaS or SaaS and managing complex sales negotiations.</li>
<li>Highly analytical and data driven; an innovative thinker and creative problem solver who is naturally curious.</li>
<li>A self-starter who can work with minimal supervision to drive results.</li>
<li>Comfortable with ambiguity and working cross-functionally in a high growth business landscape.</li>
<li>BA/BS degree or equivalent required. MBA a plus (not required)&nbsp;&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Desired:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Excellent written and verbal communication skills and strong executive presence.</li>
<li>Ability to influence and build effective working relationships with all levels of the organisation.</li>
<li>Proficiency in a local APAC language would be beneficial.</li>
<li>Energy and enthusiasm with a willingness to travel.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Location</strong></p>
<p>This role will be remote, and based in Singapore.</p>
<p><strong>Travel&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>We prioritize connection and opportunities to build relationships with our customers and each other. For this role, approximately 35% travel is anticipated to help you connect in-person in a meaningful way.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>What We Offer</strong></p>
<p>Working at Twilio offers many benefits, including competitive pay, generous time off, ample parental and wellness leave, healthcare, a retirement savings program, and much more. Offerings vary by location.</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>Twilio thinks big. Do you?</strong></p>
<p>We like to solve problems, take initiative, pitch in when needed, and are always up for trying new things. That's why we seek out colleagues who embody our values — something we call <a href="https://www.twilio.com/company/values">Twilio Magic</a>. Additionally, we empower employees to build <a href="https://twilio.org/support-and-resources/impact-fund">positive change in their communities</a> by supporting their volunteering and donation efforts.</p>
<p>So, if you're ready to unleash your full potential, do your best work, and be the best version of yourself, apply now! If this role isn't what you're looking for, <a href="https://www.twilio.com/company/jobs#open-positions">please consider other open positions.</a></p>
<p><strong>Twilio is proud to be an equal opportunity employer.</strong> We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, reproductive health decisions, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, genetic information, political views or activity, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Qualified applicants with arrest or conviction records will be considered for employment in accordance with the Los Angeles County Fair Chance Ordinance for Employers and the California Fair Chance Act. Additionally, Twilio participates in the E-Verify program in certain locations, as required by law.</p></div>