<p>This is a general track role, hiring for opportunities across all levels of seniority in our Sales and Alliances teams. Apply here if you believe you possess outstanding revenue generating experience from the Technology industry.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Canonical is a leading provider of open source software and operating systems to the global enterprise and technology markets. Our platform, Ubuntu, is very widely used in breakthrough enterprise initiatives such as public cloud, data science, AI, engineering innovation and IoT. Our customers include the world's leading public cloud and silicon providers, and industry leaders in many sectors. The company is a pioneer of global distributed collaboration, with 1200+ colleagues in 75+ countries and very few office based roles. Teams meet two to four times yearly in person, in interesting locations around the world, to align on strategy and execution.</p>
<p>The company is founder led, profitable and growing.</p>
<p>As we continue to grow we are looking to hire both Enterprise Sales and Alliances Sales representatives to drive revenue growth and meet our goals.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Our <strong>Alliances Sales Directors </strong>own a book of business helping to enable Canonical to work with its go to market partners, hardware vendors, software vendors,&nbsp; solutions integrators and distributors and channels. With a fast growing channel business, GSI/SI and Hardware partners, we need to enable, manage and grow business opportunities and drive market expansion alongside revenue growth.</p>
<p>Reporting to the Alliances leadership, you will be working with direct sales, marketing, product, customer success, finance, legal and support as you demonstrate thought leadership, practical skills, and apply your knowledge and experience to help us grow in this critical area.</p>
<p>Our<strong> Enterprise Sales Executives</strong> own the relationships with our direct customers and are responsible for maintaining and growing relationships that result in mutually beneficial engagements. They help craft solutions that enable our customers to be more efficient, solve more complex problems and walk the path with the customer to get the best possible results.</p>
<p>Reporting to Sales leadership, you will work across either a region or a vertical and you can bring your knowledge of previous customers with you. We are committed to giving customers the most knowledgeable and most competent partners in sales so that we can succeed together.</p>
<p><strong>Location:</strong> We have remote opportunities available globally.</p>
<h3><strong>These roles entail</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Advancing a deep understanding of Linux and cloud software ecosystem, and open source selling models</li>
<li>Experience with negotiating contracts and commercial business terms</li>
<li>Building and expanding strategic relationships&nbsp;</li>
<li>Building and owning the strategy and the development of the sales engagements</li>
<li>Growing customers awareness of open source capabilities on Canonical Ubuntu</li>
<li>Delivering on targets, objectives and providing a voice of the partner and/or customer</li>
<li>Travelling both domestically and internationally to drive partnerships in person</li>
<li>Aligning and supporting internal Field teams to identify, support, grow and transact</li>
<li>Working closely with Marketing, Sales Engineering and Product Management to deliver on targets, objectives and provide a voice of the partner and/or customer</li>
<li>Leading executive interlocks between partners/customers and our own leadership team</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>What we are looking for in you</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Track record of going above-and-beyond expectations to achieve revenue outstanding results in our technological field</li>
<li>Experience with Linux and opensource</li>
<li>Exceptional academic track record from both high school and university, regardless of seniority of current position</li>
<li>Undergraduate degree in a technical subject or a compelling narrative about your alternative chosen path</li>
<li>Confidence to respectfully speak up, exchange feedback, and share ideas without hesitation</li>
<li>Leadership and commitment to skills development and mentorship</li>
<li>Passion for technology evidenced by personal projects and initiatives</li>
<li>The work ethic and confidence to shine alongside motivated colleagues</li>
<li>Professional written and spoken English with excellent presentation skills</li>
<li>Excellent interpersonal skills, curiosity, flexibility, and accountability</li>
<li>Appreciative of diversity, polite and effective in a multi-cultural, multi-national organisation</li>
<li>Thoughtfulness and self-motivation with results orientated mind set and a high level of personal drive to meet commitments</li>
<li>Ability to travel internationally twice a year for company events up to two weeks long and more regularly to meet clients and partners as required</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>What we offer colleagues</strong></h3>
<p>We consider geographical location, experience, and performance in shaping compensation worldwide. We revisit compensation annually (and more often for graduates and associates) to ensure we recognise outstanding performance. In addition to base pay, we offer a performance-driven annual bonus or commission. We provide all team members with additional benefits, which reflect our values and ideals. We balance our programs to meet local needs and ensure fairness globally.</p>
<ul>
<li>Distributed work environment with twice-yearly team sprints in person</li>
<li>Personal learning and development budget of USD 2,000 per year</li>
<li>Annual compensation review</li>
<li>Recognition rewards</li>
<li>Annual holiday leave</li>
<li>Maternity and paternity leave</li>
<li>Employee Assistance Program including Health and Wellness platform</li>
<li>Opportunity to travel to new locations to meet colleagues</li>
<li>Priority Pass, and travel upgrades for long haul company events</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>About Canonical</strong></h3>
<p>Canonical is a pioneering tech firm at the forefront of the global move to open source. As the company that publishes Ubuntu, one of the most important open source projects and the platform for AI, IoT and the cloud, we are changing the world of software. We recruit on a global basis and set a very high standard for people joining the company. We expect excellence - in order to succeed, we need to be the best at what we do. Most colleagues at Canonical have worked from home since its inception in 2004.​ Working here is a step into the future, and will challenge you to think differently, work smarter, learn new skills, and raise your game.</p>
<p><strong>Canonical is an equal opportunity employer</strong></p>
<p>We are proud to foster a workplace free from discrimination. Diversity of experience, perspectives, and background create a better work environment and better products.<a href="https://canonical.com/careers/diversity/identity"> Whatever your identity, we will give your application fair consideration.</a></p>
<p>#LI-remote</p>