<div class="content-intro"><h3><strong>About Us at GoCardless</strong></h3>
<p>GoCardless is a <strong>global bank payment</strong> company. Over <strong>100,000 businesses</strong>, from start-ups to household names, use GoCardless to collect and send payments through direct debit, real-time payments and open banking.&nbsp;</p>
<p>GoCardless processes <strong>US$130bn+</strong> of payments annually, across <strong>30+ countries</strong>; helping customers collect and send both <strong>recurring</strong> and <strong>one-off payments</strong>, without the chasing, stress or expensive fees. We use AI-powered solutions to improve payment success and reduce fraud. And, with open banking connectivity to over <strong>2,500 banks</strong>, we help our customers make faster, more informed decisions.</p>
<p>We are headquartered in the<strong> UK</strong> with offices in <strong>London</strong> and <strong>Leeds</strong>, and additional locations in <strong>Australia, France, Ireland, Latvia, Portugal</strong> and the <strong>United States.</strong></p>
<p>At GoCardless, we're all about <strong>supporting you</strong>! We’re committed to making our hiring process <strong>inclusive</strong> and <strong>accessible</strong>. If you need extra support or adjustments, reach out to your <strong>Talent Partner</strong> — we’re here to help!&nbsp;</p>
<p>And remember: we don’t expect you to meet every single requirement. If you’re excited by this role, <strong>we encourage you to apply!</strong></p></div><p><strong>The role</strong></p>
<p>We’re looking for an enthusiastic and motivated People Operations Partner to join our People Operations team. In this role, you'll support our global employees with various people-related processes. You'll ensure that all business-as-usual activities related to onboarding, offboarding, payroll, and benefits are completed accurately and on time with exceptional customer service.</p>
<p>Reporting to the People Operations Manager based in London, you will be responsible for a variety of day-to-day activities within the People Operations Team.&nbsp; You should be eager to learn and reliable as you handle various processes and support the team amid busy and shifting priorities.&nbsp; You’ll gain exposure to various People projects and initiatives aimed at enhancing employee experience, along with opportunities for process improvement and automation.</p>
<p><strong>What excites you&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Ensure a smooth and customer focussed experience in all people operations processes and, including coordination with internal stakeholders, and external providers, and handling employee queries.</li>
<li>Delivering insightful analysis by skillfully handling data, helping work better and making smarter decisions.</li>
<li>Leading initiatives for process improvements and identifying process gaps, while designing effective solutions.</li>
<li>Continually refreshing our internal procedures and guides, ensuring they are crystal clear and user-friendly, making your work life smoother and more enjoyable.</li>
<li>Having a passion for technology and an aptitude for creative problem-solving, and seeking innovative solutions.</li>
<li>Support Global Mobility cases where required, helping navigate the process in line with the in country regulations and company policy.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>What excites us&nbsp;&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Previous knowledge and experience in HR Operations/ Generalist or Specialist role&nbsp;</li>
<li>Strong focus on accuracy and a commitment to maintaining high standards in all People processes</li>
<li>A proven track record in initiating and implementing process improvements.</li>
<li>Experience in thriving within a fast-paced environment.</li>
<li>Creative and curious mindset that brings ideas to life</li>
<li>Good communication skills</li>
<li>Providing exceptional customer service to employees and stakeholders&nbsp;</li>
<li>Ability to work independently and ensure the accuracy of information before entering it into systems.</li>
<li>Previous experience in global mobility is a plus but not essential</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>The qualities we'd like to see</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><strong>Agile and Adaptable</strong>: ready to navigate change with ease and flexibility in a dynamic environment.&nbsp;&nbsp;</li>
<li><strong>Proactive </strong><strong><em>"Make It Happen" </em></strong><strong>Attitude:</strong> eager to bring innovative ideas to the table</li>
<li><strong>Comfortable with Ambiguity</strong>: able to find clarity and direction in uncertain situations.&nbsp;&nbsp;</li>
<li><strong>Data-Driven</strong>: proficient in data manipulation, with attention to details&nbsp;&nbsp;</li>
<li><strong>Self-starter:</strong> always ready to take the initiative and help other team members</li>
<li><strong>Inquisitive Learner</strong>: inherently curious, consistently seeking opportunities for personal and professional growth.&nbsp;&nbsp;</li>
<li><strong>Resilient:</strong> demonstrates resilience in the face of challenges, maintaining a positive outlook.&nbsp;&nbsp;</li>
<li><strong>Good Communicator: </strong>ensures clear and open communication.&nbsp;&nbsp;</li>
<li><strong>Tech-Savvy: </strong>Passionate about leveraging technology</li>
<li><strong>Kind:</strong> Treat all colleagues with respect and understanding.&nbsp;&nbsp;</li>
<li><strong>Team Player:</strong> committed to fostering a supportive team environment and contributing to collective success.&nbsp;&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Base salary range: € 1660- € 2500 (gross).</strong></p>
<p>Base salary ranges are based on role, job level, location, and market data.&nbsp; Please note that whilst we strive to offer competitive compensation, our approach is to pay between <strong>the </strong><strong>minimum and the mid-point</strong><strong> (€ 1660 - € 2080 gross)</strong> of the pay range until performance can be assessed in role. Offers will take into account level of experience, interview assessment, budgets and parity between you and fellow employees at GoCardless doing similar work.</p><div class="content-conclusion"><h3><strong>The Good Stuff!</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li><strong>Wellbeing</strong>: Dedicated support and medical cover to keep you healthy.</li>
<li><strong>Work Away Scheme</strong>: Work from anywhere for up to 90 days in any 12-month period.</li>
<li><strong>Hybrid Working</strong>: Our hybrid model offers flexibility, with in-office days determined by your team.</li>
<li><strong>Equity</strong>: All permanently employed GeeCees get equity to share in our success.</li>
<li><strong>Parental leave</strong>: Tailored leave to support your life's great adventure.</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><strong data-stringify-type="bold">Time off:</strong>&nbsp;Annual holiday leave based on your location, supplemented by 3 volunteer days and 4 wellness days.</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>Life at GoCardless </strong></h3>
<p>We're an organisation defined by our&nbsp;<a class="c-link" href="https://gocardless.com/g/values-operating-principles/" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://gocardless.com/g/values-operating-principles/" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">values</a>; We <strong>start with why</strong> before we begin any project, to ensure it’s aligned with our mission. We <strong>make it happen</strong>, working with urgency and taking personal accountability for getting things done. We <strong>act with integrity</strong>, always. We <strong>care deeply</strong> about what we do and we know it's essential that we <strong>be humble</strong> whilst we do it. Our Values form part of the GoCardless DNA, and are used to not only help us nurture and develop our culture, but to deliver impactful work that will help us to achieve our vision.</p>
<h3><strong>Diversity &amp; Inclusion</strong></h3>
<p>We’re building the <strong>payment network of the future</strong>, and to achieve our goal, we need a <strong>diverse team</strong> with a range of perspectives and experiences. As of July 2024, here’s where we stand:</p>
<ul>
<li>45% identify as women&nbsp;</li>
<li>23% identify as Black, Asian, Mixed, or Other&nbsp;</li>
<li>10% identify as LGBTQIA+&nbsp;</li>
<li>9% identify as neurodiverse&nbsp;</li>
<li>2% identify as disabled&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p>If you want to learn more, you can read about our Employee Resource Groups and objectives <a href="https://gocardless.com/about/diversity-inclusion/">here</a> as well as our latest<a href="https://gocardless.com/assets/40w0m41bmydz/3hqJy4SUqZqW3BmBHlESUe/d1c7932b97b8a8ebcd0fb07418432fe9/GoCardless\_Diversity\_\_\_Inclusion\_Report\_2022.pdf"> </a><a href="https://assets.ctfassets.net/40w0m41bmydz/zGxwfm2rTwqXV4bwOMODR/8c303a244c90e49c9fa7c2ede11cf1e6/GoCardless\_Diversity\_and\_Inclusion\_Report\_20230731\_\_1\_.pdf" target="\_blank">D&amp;I Report</a><strong>&nbsp;</strong></p>
<h3><strong>Sustainability at GoCardless</strong></h3>
<p>We’re committed to reducing our&nbsp;<strong>environmental impact</strong> and leaving a sustainable world for future generations. As co-founders of the <strong>Tech Zero coalition</strong>, we’re working towards a <strong>climate-positive future</strong>. Check out our sustainability<a href="https://gocardless.com/sustainability/" target="\_blank"> action plan</a> here.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Find out more about Life at GoCardless via <a href="https://x.com/gocardless" target="\_blank">X</a>,<a href="http://instagram.com/lifeatgocardless" target="\_blank"> Instagram</a> and<a href="http://linkedin.com/company/gocardless" target="\_blank"> LinkedIn</a>.&nbsp;</strong></p></div>