<div class="content-intro"><p>ZoomInfo is where careers accelerate. We move fast, think boldly, and empower you to do the best work of your life. You’ll be surrounded by teammates who care deeply, challenge each other, and celebrate wins. With tools that amplify your impact and a culture that backs your ambition, you won’t just contribute. You’ll make things happen–fast.</p></div><p><strong>Location :&nbsp; Block A, 11th Floor, Global infocity, Perungudi, Chennai - 96</strong></p>
<p><strong>Shift : </strong>5 PM IST to 2 AM IST&nbsp;</p>
<h4><strong>About the role :&nbsp;</strong></h4>
<p>This role is responsible for leading and managing the complete onboarding process for all ZoomInfo customers, ensuring a smooth and timely implementation experience. You will serve as the primary point of contact, coordinating with cross-functional teams to align goals, timelines, and deliverables. The role focuses on driving customer satisfaction through proactive communication, effective project management, and sharing best practices. Additionally, you’ll ensure a seamless transition to the Customer Success and Account Management teams for continued customer growth and engagement</p>
<h4><strong>What You’ll Do&nbsp;</strong></h4>
<ul>
<li>Manage the comprehensive onboarding for all ZoomInfo customers (including new business, renewals, and upsells) to ensure customers receive a highly organized program with detailed goals, timelines, and processes. Serve as primary point of contact for customers during the onboarding and implementation phase of the customer lifecycle.</li>
<li>Build implementation strategies to ensure customers in all customer segments are onboarded within the defined SLAs. Coordinate communication with other areas of the business to ensure a streamlined approach for each and every customer.</li>
<li>Work directly with customers to set appropriate expectations, address customer goals, determine target dates, manage customer tasks, and provide regular project updates during the onboarding phase of the customer lifecycle.</li>
<li>Collaborate with the customer success team, customer training team, and customer integrations team to create a streamlined and cohesive approach that allows customers to get successfully implemented and trained.</li>
<li>Manage multiple simultaneous onboarding projects at one time, balancing priorities of business results, customer satisfaction, and technical quality. This includes being an asset to the Customer Success Manager, Learning &amp; Development Manager, and Integrations and/or Solutions Engineer while being an advocate for the customer.</li>
<li>Provide best practices and mentorship to customers on how best to implement ZoomInfo’s suite of products and solutions. Provide thought leadership with regards to overcoming challenges the customer is facing.</li>
<li>Ensure appropriate handoff of new accounts to the Customer Success Manager and/or the Account Manager. Build out a standardized information flow/transition document to prepare the CSM and AM for success, including documenting wins and challenges the customer faced during the onboarding process.</li>
<li>Serve as the primary owner of Customer Journey tasks in Salesforce. Document all steps and touchpoints as appropriate.</li>
<li>Perform a wide variety of professional tasks, which demand a high level of creativity and imagination, as well as a thorough knowledge of the applicable needs and expectations of employees/customers.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>What you bring&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Any Bachelor degree. At least 3 to 5 years of customer success and/or project management, ideally in a SaaS environment.</li>
<li>Ability to manage multiple competing priorities, rapidly adapt and respond to customer requests and timeline changes.</li>
<li>Highly collaborative, organized, and execution-oriented with strong presentation skills.</li>
<li>Excellent project management skills with an emphasis on attention to detail, timelines, and quality of work.</li>
<li>Excellent problem-solving skills and ability to be flexible to project situations. Ability to research, analyze and provide a solution to newly identified issues.</li>
<li>Experience developing, installing, training, and/or supporting B2B solutions (previous experience with ZoomInfo and/or ZoomInfo certification strongly preferred).</li>
<li>Highly familiar with Salesforce CRM.</li>
<li>Able to be successful in a fast-paced environment that rewards hard work and self-motivation.</li>
<li>Superior relationship and communication skills (both verbal and written)</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>#LI-SG2</p>
<p><br>#LI-Hybrid</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>About us:</strong>&nbsp;</p>
<p>ZoomInfo (NASDAQ: GTM) is the Go-To-Market Intelligence Platform that empowers businesses to grow faster with AI-ready insights, trusted data, and advanced automation. Its solutions provide more than 35,000 companies worldwide with a complete view of their customers, making every seller their best seller.</p>
<p>ZoomInfo is committed to protecting your privacy when you apply for jobs with us. Please review our Job Applicant <a href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1yiG-k0YX\_sW10PiJk\_xliDc3W-veJCrK/view?usp=drive\_link">Privacy Notice</a> for more details on how we handle your personal information.</p>
<p>ZoomInfo may use a software-based assessment as part of the recruitment process. More information about this tool, including the results of the most recent bias audit, is available <a href="https://www.zoominfo.com/legal/nyc-local-law-144-notice">here</a>.</p>
<p>ZoomInfo is proud to be an equal opportunity employer, hiring based on qualifications, merit, and business needs, and does not discriminate based on protected status. We welcome all applicants and are committed to providing equal employment opportunities regardless of sex, race, age, color, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, disability status, religion, protected military or veteran status, medical condition, or any other characteristic protected by applicable law. We also consider qualified candidates with criminal histories in accordance with legal requirements.</p>
<p>For Massachusetts Applicants: It is unlawful in Massachusetts to require or administer a lie detector test as a condition of employment or continued employment. An employer who violates this law shall be subject to criminal penalties and civil liability. ZoomInfo does not administer lie detector tests to applicants in any location.</p></div>