<div class="content-intro"><p><strong>Who we are&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>At Twilio, we’re shaping the future of communications, all from the comfort of our homes. We deliver innovative solutions to<a class="c-link" href="https://customers.twilio.com/" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://customers.twilio.com/" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">&nbsp;hundreds of thousands of businesses&nbsp;</a>and empower millions of developers worldwide to craft personalized customer experiences.</p>
<p>Our dedication to <a class="c-link" href="https://www.twilio.com/en-us/blog/open-work" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://www.twilio.com/en-us/blog/open-work" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">remote-first work</a>, and strong culture of connection and global inclusion means that no matter your location, you’re part of a vibrant team with diverse experiences making a global impact each day. As we continue to revolutionize how the world interacts, we’re acquiring new skills and experiences that make work feel truly rewarding. Your career at Twilio is in your hands.<br><br>We use Artificial Intelligence (AI) to help make our hiring process efficient. That said, every hiring decision is made by real Twilions!</p>
<p><span style="color: rgb(255, 255, 255);">.</span></p></div><p><strong>See yourself at Twilio</strong></p>
<p>Join the team as Twilio’s next People Operations Specialist.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>About the job</strong></p>
<p>The People Operations team is the backbone of Twilio’s core HR functions, with responsibility for running the&nbsp; day-to-day processes of the employee lifecycle. This team is currently on an exciting transformation journey with a view to delivering a seamless, efficient experience for our customers. You will play your part in this transformation by helping to identify and implement improvements for the region, create best practices and make a contribution to the foundation of a world-class People Operations organization.&nbsp;</p>
<p>This position is needed to work closely with other People functions to execute HR Operational processes and services specialists who live the Twilio Magic and bring a skill-set of strong customer service, detail orientation, communication skills, and a broad understanding of HR processes and systems.&nbsp;</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Responsibilities</strong></p>
<p>In this role, you’ll:</p>
<ul>
<li>Leverage the HRIS system to perform transactions, support employees, and internal stakeholders&nbsp;&nbsp;</li>
<li>Provide HR support directly to employees and internal partners related to questions concerning: Benefits, Compensation, HR Policies, Relocation, Payroll, HR Systems (Workday, Greenhouse, ServiceNow), General HR related questions, Mobility and Immigration and other areas.</li>
<li>Provide administration, communication, and processing in support of core HR processes.</li>
<li>Partner closely with other People functions and HRBPs to execute HR Operational processes and services with a focus on employee experience, and data integrity.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Provide mentorship and assistance for employees and managers on core HR policies and processes.</li>
<li>Maintain confidentiality of core HR data and projects. Participate in system testing and support for HR Operations related program rollouts, new systems and processes.</li>
<li>Document, maintain and communicate core HR processes to users and partners.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Qualifications&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>Twilio values diverse experiences from all kinds of industries, and we encourage everyone who meets the required qualifications to apply. If your career is just starting or hasn't followed a traditional path, don't let that stop you from considering Twilio. We are always looking for people who will bring something new to the table!</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>\*Required:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Demonstrate effective multitasking, interpersonal, collaboration and communication skills.</li>
<li>Ability to prioritize multiple stakeholders, projects, and tasks.</li>
<li>Brings curiosity, and desire to find opportunities for improvement.</li>
<li>Keen to continue learning and developing their skills, having a growth mentality.</li>
<li>Proactive and communicative, prioritizing employee and customer communications and service.</li>
<li>Detail oriented with an understanding of the HR ecosystem (payroll, IT, compensation, benefits, legal)</li>
<li>Minimum 3 years experience running HR processes in AMERICAS involving the coordination of operational and project tasks, and direct customer/employee queries.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Excellent verbal and written communications skills in English, Spanish and Portuguese.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Desired:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Prior experience running HR processes for Canada and US.</li>
<li>Experience working with Workday HCM.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Experince building dashboards and reports in Tableau.</li>
<li>Strong analytical skills, with the ability to interpret data and generate insights to support decision making.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Location</strong></p>
<p>This role will be remote, and based in Colombia.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Travel&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>We prioritize connection and opportunities to build relationships with our customers and each other. For this role, you may be required to travel occasionally to participate in project or team in-person meetings.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>What We Offer</strong></p>
<p>Working at Twilio offers many benefits, including competitive pay, generous time off, ample parental and wellness leave, healthcare, a retirement savings program, and much more. Offerings vary by location.</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>Twilio thinks big. Do you?</strong></p>
<p>We like to solve problems, take initiative, pitch in when needed, and are always up for trying new things. That's why we seek out colleagues who embody our values — something we call <a href="https://www.twilio.com/company/values">Twilio Magic</a>. Additionally, we empower employees to build <a href="https://twilio.org/support-and-resources/impact-fund">positive change in their communities</a> by supporting their volunteering and donation efforts.</p>
<p>So, if you're ready to unleash your full potential, do your best work, and be the best version of yourself, apply now! If this role isn't what you're looking for, <a href="https://www.twilio.com/company/jobs#open-positions">please consider other open positions.</a></p>
<p><strong>Twilio is proud to be an equal opportunity employer.</strong> We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, reproductive health decisions, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, genetic information, political views or activity, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Qualified applicants with arrest or conviction records will be considered for employment in accordance with the Los Angeles County Fair Chance Ordinance for Employers and the California Fair Chance Act. Additionally, Twilio participates in the E-Verify program in certain locations, as required by law.</p></div>