<h2><strong>Who We Are</strong></h2>
<h3><strong>About Stripe</strong></h3>
<p>At Stripe, you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyone’s reach. Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies—from the world’s largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead.&nbsp;</p>
<h3><strong>About The Team</strong></h3>
<p>The Solutions Architecture Team partners with our users to realize their full potential through the adoption of prescriptive solutions that drive their growth and success.</p>
<p>Specialist Solutions Architects (SSA) are domain experts aligned to specific Stripe products. We have in-depth knowledge of specific solution offerings and understanding of customer’s challenges. We advise the broader pre-sales team and work with customers on complex opportunities, support revenue attainment for the product line, serve as an advisor on go-to-market sales plays, enable and uplevel the broader GTM organization and provide critical insights to our product and engineering teams.&nbsp;</p>
<h2><strong>What You’ll Do</strong></h2>
<p>As a Specialist Solution Architect, you will lead in-depth product discussions with our top users and prospects and execute against our go-to-market strategy for our Money Management products, including Stripe Capital, Issuing, Financial Accounts, and our global Payouts suite. You will educate our product and engineering teams on market trends and strongly influence the product roadmap for the Money Management product suite at Stripe, helping us become the primary way merchants run their businesses.</p>
<h3><strong>Responsibilities</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Act as a Subject Matter Expert on Stripe’s Money Management products (including Capital, Issuing, Financial Accounts, and our global Payouts suite) to accelerate opportunities.</li>
<li>Demonstrate a deep understanding of embedded finance applications that leverage Stripe’s products, articulating how they combine to create a compounding platform for our users.</li>
<li>Consult with users on a broad range of embedded finance use cases, from charge card programs and global payouts to a comprehensive suite of financing options including revenue-based financing, loans, and lines of credit.</li>
<li>Understand the compliance requirements of solutions built with Stripe products, especially as we expand our offerings into new markets and use cases.</li>
<li>Define, share, and learn best practices and re-usable assets with the broader GTM organization to enhance the quality and efficiency of the team.</li>
<li>Create reference architectures to uplevel the team and refine reference solutions based on product enhancements and feedback from customers.</li>
<li>Partner closely with the Money Management product sales team and be an active part of the opportunity team for Stripe’s largest customers to lead strategy and own key relationships.</li>
<li>Serve as a “Voice of the Customer” internally, providing actionable insights to product stakeholders to influence the Money Management product roadmap and feature prioritization.</li>
<li>Provide critical insights on emerging technologies, including the application of stablecoins for money movement, lending, and global financial access, to influence the product roadmap.</li>
<li>Deeply understand the sales process for the product and provide the Sales team with tools and training to qualify potential leads, including simplifying our distribution for faster onboarding.</li>
<li>Stay current on competitive analysis and market differentiation.</li>
<li>Support marketing events including executive briefings, conferences, user groups, and trade shows.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<h2><strong>Who you are</strong></h2>
<p>We’re looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.</p>
<h3><strong>Minimum Requirements</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>7+ years of technical sales experience, ideally within a Fintech company.</li>
<li>3 years of product experience with embedded finance solutions, such as card issuing, lending, or treasury management.</li>
<li>Experience with integrating RESTful APIs into web applications.</li>
<li>Exceptional communication, presentation, and interpersonal skills, comfortable explaining complex concepts to both technical and non-technical audiences.</li>
<li>A passion for learning and researching current and emerging products to develop innovative solutions.</li>
<li>A proven ability to build strong collaborative working relationships with business partners.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Ability to deal effectively with ambiguity and thrive in an unstructured, fast-moving environment.</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>Preferred Qualifications</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Strong knowledge of software engineering and architecture patterns, with the ability to understand how a wide variety of technologies and systems interact with each other.</li>
<li>Experience enabling and scaling a GTM team.</li>
<li>Experience in systems design, with a background building and deploying complex applications.</li>
</ul>