<p><strong>This is Adyen</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Adyen provides payments, data, and financial products in a single solution for customers like Meta, Uber, H&amp;M, and Microsoft - making us the financial technology platform of choice. At Adyen, everything we do is engineered for ambition.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">For our teams, we create an environment with opportunities for our people to succeed, backed by the culture and support to ensure they are enabled to truly own their careers. We are motivated individuals who tackle unique technical challenges at scale and solve them as a team. Together, we deliver innovative and ethical solutions that help businesses achieve their ambitions faster.</span></p>
<h3><strong>(Senior) Product Pricing Specialist</strong></h3>
<p>As Adyen continues to expand and deepen our financial product offering, we are looking for a (Senior) Product Pricing Strategist to develop and implement the right monetization, packaging and pricing strategies for our financial product offering. You will work closely together with different teams such as Product Management, Risk, Treasury, Commercial Strategy and Finance. Your work will be instrumental in continuing to drive Adyen’s growth and you’ll play a major role in shaping the future successes of Adyen.</p>
<p>You will be part of our Global Commercial Pricing &amp; Monetization team which develops value-based pricing and monetization strategies for Adyen’s product offering and provides price guidance to the commercial organization. In addition, we enable the commercial teams to create the best commercial pricing proposals by providing them with means such as tools, insights and training. Finally, we monitor price developments and identify opportunities for improvement.</p>
<p><strong>What you will do</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Develop and execute monetization, packaging and pricing strategies for Enterprise Banking Products (for example Enterprise Accounts, Settlement, FX, Payouts, and Liquidity Management), while taking Adyen’s full product offering into consideration.</li>
<li>Act as the bridge between technical teams (for example, Treasury and Risk) and Commercial teams to align pricing with business goals.</li>
<li>Collaborate with Treasury, Risk, and Finance to incorporate funding and capital constraints into our pricing strategies, balancing market competitiveness and profitability.</li>
<li>Develop the discount guidelines, tools, processes, and governance structures necessary to empower commercial teams to execute pricing effectively.</li>
<li>Identify trends in pricing performance and provide data-driven recommendations to refine bundles, price metrics and price points.</li>
<li>Perform market research to understand the competitor landscape and the customers’ buying behavior and willingness to pay.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Who you are:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>You bring 5+ years of expertise in pricing banking or financial products, ideally with a background in banking, consulting, or fintech.</li>
<li>You have experience with creating bundling and pricing strategies for a wider (financial) product offering</li>
<li>You have a thorough understanding of financial products and their corresponding cost base such as funding costs and capital requirements.</li>
<li>You have a proven track record of not only developing sophisticated pricing strategies but also successfully driving their implementation and execution.</li>
<li>You have an entrepreneurial mindset and thrive in a high pace environment where you need to continuously prioritize your work</li>
<li>You are an effective communicator, you can build your own network in a global company and you can influence and challenge senior stakeholders</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Our Diversity, Equity and Inclusion commitments&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Our unique approach is a product of our diverse perspectives. This diversity of backgrounds and cultures is essential in helping us maintain our momentum. Our business and technical challenges are unique, and we need as many different voices as possible to join us in solving them - voices like yours. No matter who you are or where you’re from, we welcome you to be your true self at Adyen.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Studies show that women and members of underrepresented communities apply for jobs only if they meet 100% of the qualifications. Does this sound like you? If so, Adyen encourages you to reconsider and apply. We look forward to your application!</span></p>
<p><strong>What’s next?</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Ensuring a smooth and enjoyable candidate experience is critical for us. We aim to get back to you regarding your application within 5 business days. Our interview process tends to take about 4 weeks to complete, but may fluctuate depending on the role. </span><a href="https://careers.adyen.com/how-we-hire"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Learn more about our hiring process here</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">. Don’t be afraid to let us know if you need more flexibility.</span></p>
<p>This role is based out of our Amsterdam office. We are an office-first company and value in-person collaboration; we do not offer remote-only roles.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>