<div class="content-intro"><p><strong>Secure Every Identity, from AI to Human<br><br></strong>Identity is the key to unlocking the potential of AI. Okta secures AI by building the trusted, neutral infrastructure that enables organizations to safely embrace this new era. This work requires a relentless drive to solve complex challenges with real-world stakes. We are looking for builders and owners who operate with speed and urgency and execute with excellence.<br><br>This is an opportunity to do career-defining work. We're all in on this mission. If you are too, let's talk.</p></div><p><strong>Staff Data Analyst</strong></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>We are looking for an experienced data analyst to join Okta’s enterprise data team, who has a strong background in financial and business performance analytics, and a proven track record of proactively identifying and solving complex business problems through data. You must have a passion for providing actionable financial insights to internal stakeholders, and experience organizing complex data into consumable data assets. In this role, you will be focusing on Finance data and reporting, partnering with Finance, Accounting, Sales Operations, and Executive Leadership to implement enhancements and build end-to-end financial insights across the organization.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>Responsibilities</p>
<ul>
<li>Proactively partner with Finance and Accounting leadership to set the analytics roadmap and identify high-impact opportunities for data to drive business value.</li>
<li>Serve as a trusted advisor to senior Finance and business stakeholders, influencing their strategy and decision-making through data-driven narratives.</li>
<li>Translate ambiguous business questions into clear, structured analytical requirements and measurable project plans.</li>
<li>Partner with Finance and Operations teams to provide best practices in financial metric definition, dashboard design, and modeling.</li>
<li>Conduct deep-dive, root-cause analyses on performance variances, translating complex data into clear, strategic recommendations.</li>
<li>Design and build scalable data models to support enterprise-wide financial reporting.</li>
<li>Own the entire lifecycle of financial data products, from initial concept to driving adoption and measuring business impact.</li>
<li>Enable self-service data consumption for business users.</li>
<li>Develop and champion new analytical methods and tools to continuously improve financial reporting and decision-making processes.</li>
<li>Work with Data Engineering to define, implement, and build new data sources and transformations.</li>
</ul>
<p>Requirements</p>
<ul>
<li>8+ years' experience as a Data Analyst</li>
<li>6+ years' hands-on SQL experience in a work environment</li>
<li>Expertise in developing and maintaining complex financial models, including scenario planning and predictive forecasting, and analysis.</li>
<li>Experience with and had built large scale data models (e.g., using dbt or Airflow), including proven experience in modeling intricate financial metrics.</li>
<li>Experience with data management, documenting processes and data flows, and ensuring data quality.</li>
<li>Familiarity with data quality frameworks and monitoring tools.</li>
<li>Experience with building AI-ready data and semantic layers.</li>
<li>Experience with building reports and visualizations to represent data intuitively in Tableau or similar data visualization tools.</li>
<li>Exceptional communication, presentation, and storytelling skills, with the ability to convey complex analytical findings to executive audiences.</li>
<li>Demonstrated ability to operate independently and execute projects with minimal supervision.</li>
<li>Experience with ETL processes, software development, and lifecycle awareness.</li>
<li>Familiarity with data governance and report/data catalog applications (Collibra, Aliation, Data.world).</li>
</ul>
<p>#LI\_Hybrid&nbsp;</p>
<p>P24718\_3368746</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong><br>The Okta Experience</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><a href="http://rewards.okta.com">Supporting Your Well-Being</a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="https://www.okta.com/company/okta-for-good/">Driving Social Impact&nbsp;</a></li>
<li><a href="https://www.okta.com/company/talent-connection-community/">Developing Talent and Fostering Connection + Community</a></li>
</ul>
<p>We are intentional about connection. Our global community, spanning over 20 offices worldwide, is united by a drive to innovate. Your journey begins with an immersive, in-person onboarding experience designed to accelerate your impact and connect you to our mission and team from day one.<br><br>Okta is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, marital status, age, physical or mental disability, or status as a protected veteran. We also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and convictions records, consistent with applicable laws.<br><br>If reasonable accommodation is needed to complete any part of the job application, interview process, or onboarding please&nbsp;<a href="https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1EfiEYZrIyhA2X4Fijk0R3RKYOzNoS3wtvyM4nhbZnXE/edit">use this Form</a> to request an accommodation.<br><br>Notice for New York City Applicants &amp; Employees: Okta may use Automated Employment Decision Tools (AEDT), as defined by New York City Local Law 144, that use artificial intelligence, machine learning, or other automated processes to assist in our recruitment and hiring process. In accordance with NYC Local Law 144, if you are an applicant or employee residing in New York City, please&nbsp;<a href="https://talent.okta.com/new-york-city-aedt-notice.html">click here</a> to view our full NYC AEDT Notice.<br><br>Okta is committed to complying with applicable data privacy and security laws and regulations. For more information, please see our Personnel and Job Candidate Privacy Notice at&nbsp;<a href="https://www.okta.com/legal/personnel-policy/">https://www.okta.com/legal/personnel-policy/</a>.</p></div>