<div class="content-intro"><h2><span data-sheets-root="1">About Wolt</span></h2>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">At Wolt, we create technology that brings joy, simplicity and earnings to the neighborhoods of the world. In 2014 we started with delivery of restaurant food. Now we’re building the delivery of (almost) everything and you’ll find us in over 500 cities in 30 countries around the world. In 2022 we joined forces with DoorDash and together we keep on dreaming big and expanding across the globe.<br><br>Working at Wolt isn’t always easy, but it’s definitely exciting. Here you’ll learn more, build more, and ship more than in most other companies. You’ll be challenged a lot, but also have a lot of fun on the way. So, if you’re a self-starter with drive and entrepreneurial spirit, this could be the ride of your life.</span></p></div><p>Our Finance team has played a key role in our growth journey - supporting our global operations from their central Helsinki hub has been no easy feat, but this group of dedicated and motivated professionals have made it seem effortless!</p>
<p>As we continue to scale, we’re now looking for an experienced Country Controller to help us focus on our local accounting efforts in Romania. You will sit with the local country team in Timișoara, report to our Regional Financial Controller and work directly with the centralized Finance team (HQ). The Country Controller is responsible for local compliance and reporting, while assisting the local teams with accounting related enquiries, such as payment follow-ups, explanations of reports provided to restaurant partners etc.</p>
<p>What makes the Finance team so special is our ‘service first’ approach to the job - we enjoy creating strong communication loops with the wider business, so that bottlenecks are minimized and that things get done quickly and efficiently.</p>
<p>Everybody is accountable for their own workload and takes pride in being meticulous and precise. We also enjoy learning and developing as we go - it’s important that you share this approach! :)</p>
<h2><strong>What You'll Be Doing</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Manage all aspects of Wolt Romania Accounting; accurate and timely monthly reporting, annual financial statements and other statutory reporting required in these countries</li>
<li>Responsible for creating fully reconciled financial position in countries listed</li>
<li>Lead the delivery of local and global finance initiatives, financial process implementation and ensuring the compliance on global policies</li>
<li>Maintain and strengthen the key internal and external relationships including local auditors, authorities and senior management both locally and internationally</li>
<li>Close cooperation with other local teams in order to ensure local financial matters are supported</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Our Humble Expectations</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Extensive experience as a chartered accountant with local statutory accounting and tax compliance.</li>
<li>Solid background in relevant local bookkeeping or accounting roles, preferably from a multinational company.</li>
<li>Masters degree in accounting or CPA / ACCA, or equivalent experience.</li>
<li>Chartered Accountant Certification with active license</li>
<li>Experience with IFRS is an advantage.</li>
<li>Demonstrable experience of autonomous problem-solving in a fast-paced environment.</li>
<li>Comfortable in undertaking both hands-on daily tasks as well as impacting bigger picture projects and roadmaps.</li>
<li>Excellent MS Excel skills.</li>
<li>Prior experience in NetSuite is an advantage.</li>
<li>Fluent in Romanian and English, both spoken and written.</li>
<li>Preferably based in Timișoara</li>
</ul>
<p>Join us today to build Wolt together.</p>
<p><iframe src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/GoL541\_xj9w" width="560" height="314"></iframe></p><div class="content-conclusion"><h2><span data-sheets-root="1">Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion</span></h2>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">We’re committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. That’s why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.</span></p></div>