<p><strong>About the team</strong></p>
<p>You have probably used<a href="https://sumup.co.uk/card-readers/"> </a>hardware products to buy a cappuccino or pay your hairdresser already. In Hardware, we are passionate about designing and building these beautiful payment devices and accessories, which enable our merchants to start, run, and grow their businesses. In doing so, we deal with a diverse range of engineering challenges, in many different disciplines - industrial and electronic design, embedded systems, Android and iOS applications and backend services.</p>
<p>We believe in open communication, constantly stretching our limits and cross function collaboration. If you're looking for the chance to innovate and help millions of small merchants succeed - join us!</p>
<p>Curious to know how it feels working in the Hardware team?<a href="https://medium.com/inside-sumup/how-does-it-feel-to-work-in-the-hardware-tribe-8c3fa669205d"> Check this out!</a></p>
<p><strong>About the role</strong></p>
<p>As part of Hardware Tribe, you will develop and build new and exciting customer-facing features by working closely with our hardware, software, industrial design, marketing, finance, and executive teams to bring new features and products to market and to grow business opportunities. You will drive new features that deeply integrate hardware, software, and services. You will help create and drive the strategy, vision and roadmap, with a high degree of ownership over critical features and the customer experience. We are looking for someone customer-obsessed and technology savvy - with a passion for consumer devices and the payment industry.</p>
<p><strong>This is an onsite-based position, where we believe having closer interactions with team members bring stronger results.</strong></p>
<p><strong>What you’ll be doing in this job</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Lead a team of talented cross-functional to deliver the best experience to our merchants, including offline mode and tap-to-pay</li>
<li>Be the voice of our merchants; understand their wants &amp; needs and turn them into solutions that bring high user satisfaction</li>
<li>Work closely with key stakeholders, hardware, engineering, industrial design and product design teams to develop innovative products and features</li>
<li>Define overall strategy, product roadmap and specifications for our products on a long-term product vision, market needs and technical trends</li>
<li>Own and manage the product life cycle from inception through fast iterations to mass production</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>You’ll be great for this role if you have:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>5+ years of product management experience with a focus on consumer applications</li>
<li>Experience building and scaling B2B or B2C products</li>
<li>Experience leading cross-functional teams to deliver products and projects</li>
<li>Excellent communication and interpersonal skills to champion initiatives internally and externally, and for effective communication with executive management and external partners</li>
<li>Proven track record of taking ownership and successfully delivering results in a fast-paced, dynamic environment</li>
<li>Self-driven personality, flexible and entrepreneurial intellect with superb conceptual thinking, analytical and problem-solving skills</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Why you should join SumUp&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>
<p class="cui-body-o5xe cui-body-m-mwmz cui-body-regular-hd7o cui-body-normal-pvqj css-k4eprn">Be part of a company that values diversity and celebrates unique perspectives.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p class="cui-body-o5xe cui-body-m-mwmz cui-body-regular-hd7o cui-body-normal-pvqj css-k4eprn">Work with a global team of skilled professionals in an environment that fosters collaboration, learning, and growth.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p class="cui-body-o5xe cui-body-m-mwmz cui-body-regular-hd7o cui-body-normal-pvqj css-k4eprn">Be part of a global tribe building a banking solution from the ground up and delivering impactful solutions to the real-life problems of millions of SumUp merchants all over the world</p>
</li>
<li>
<p class="cui-body-o5xe cui-body-m-mwmz cui-body-regular-hd7o cui-body-normal-pvqj css-k4eprn">Career growth and learning opportunities: We invest in your development through regular training, mentorship programs, SumUp University leadership cohort and a yearly learning budget (2,000 EUR)</p>
</li>
<li>28 days paid leave + 1 for birthday</li>
<li>
<p class="cui-body-o5xe cui-body-m-mwmz cui-body-regular-hd7o cui-body-normal-pvqj css-k4eprn">Sabbatical program for tenured SumUppers</p>
</li>
<li>
<p class="cui-body-o5xe cui-body-m-mwmz cui-body-regular-hd7o cui-body-normal-pvqj css-k4eprn">Join a global team where you belong: Check out our&nbsp;<a class="cui-body-o5xe cui-body-m-mwmz cui-body-regular-hd7o cui-body-normal-pvqj cui-anchor-xoc6 cui-focus-visible-y4xg css-k1irjw e7pj9ac0" href="https://www.sumup.com/careers/diversity/?gh\_jid=7530612002">D&amp;I Initiatives and Employee Resource Groups</a>&nbsp;such as Pride Club, SumAfro, Neurodiversity, Grupos Mais, Women in Tech, and more</p>
</li>
<li>
<p class="cui-body-o5xe cui-body-m-mwmz cui-body-regular-hd7o cui-body-normal-pvqj css-k4eprn">Health &amp; wellness benefits: in-house fitness classes, gym in the office, subsidized Urban Sports Club and available psychotherapy sessions</p>
</li>
<li>
<p class="cui-body-o5xe cui-body-m-mwmz cui-body-regular-hd7o cui-body-normal-pvqj css-k4eprn">A lot of other benefits such as Subsidized Public Transport Card, Kita placement assistance, Pension Scheme, Language Learning platform/courses etc.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p class="cui-body-o5xe cui-body-m-mwmz cui-body-regular-hd7o cui-body-normal-pvqj css-k4eprn">Enrollment onto our virtual stock ownership program - you will own a stake in SumUp’s future success.</p>
</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>Job Application Tip</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We recognise that candidates feel they need to meet 100% of the job criteria in order to apply for a job. Please note that this is only a guide. If you don’t tick every box, it’s ok too because it means you have room to learn and develop your career at SumUp.</span></p></div>