<div class="content-intro"><h2><strong>About Anthropic</strong></h2>
<p>Anthropic’s mission is to create reliable, interpretable, and steerable AI systems. We want AI to be safe and beneficial for our users and for society as a whole. Our team is a quickly growing group of committed researchers, engineers, policy experts, and business leaders working together to build beneficial AI systems.</p></div><h2><strong>About Anthropic</strong></h2>
<p>Anthropic’s mission is to create reliable, interpretable, and steerable AI systems. We want AI to be safe and beneficial for our users and for society as a whole. Our team is a quickly growing group of committed researchers, engineers, policy experts, and business leaders working together to build beneficial AI systems.</p>
<h2><strong>About the role</strong></h2>
<p>Anthropic seeks a highly skilled communicator to lead our communications across Australia and New Zealand. As our first communications hire in ANZ, you will develop and drive effective communications campaigns that advance Anthropic’s position across the region. The role will report to our Corporate Communications lead in the US. The ideal candidate will be a highly strategic thinker with a proven track record of delivering exceptional results, strong market knowledge, and excellent media relations. They should be skilled at working with a wide range of local and global stakeholders to help navigate fast-paced, complex environments.</p>
<h2><strong>Responsibilities</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Develop and execute communications strategies to elevate Anthropic’s brand, and effectively communicate our story across Australia and New Zealand.</li>
<li>Craft messaging and talking points for major company announcements and milestones.</li>
<li>Build strong relationships with journalists and relevant influencers across the region.</li>
<li>Partner cross-functionally with a range of teams including sales, marketing, legal, research, and policy.</li>
<li>Provide communications counsel to senior stakeholders across the company.</li>
<li>Effectively plan for and manage communications risks.</li>
<li>Oversee executive interviews and speaking engagements.</li>
<li>Manage local agency relationships.</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>You may be a good fit if you:</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Have 12+ years of experience working in communications, ideally at a high-growth technology company, in a senior in-house position.</li>
<li>Have a strong record of driving communications across Australia and New Zealand, and are equally comfortable driving proactive communications as you are handling reactive issues.</li>
<li>Are excellent at media relations and issues management, and have a deep understanding of the political and regulatory landscape across ANZ.</li>
<li>Are a superb written and verbal communicator.</li>
<li>Have a strong track record of translating complex technical language into compelling, clear messaging.</li>
<li>Enjoy working cross-functionally with both technical and non-technical teams.</li>
<li>Are excited to translate insights about AI for broader audiences, ranging from the tech press to the general public.</li>
<li>Are results-oriented, with a bias towards flexibility and impact.</li>
<li>Care about ensuring that transformative AI systems are developed safely.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p><div class="content-conclusion"><h2><strong>Logistics</strong></h2>
<p><strong>Minimum education: </strong>Bachelor’s degree or an equivalent combination of education, training, and/or experience</p>
<p><strong>Required field of study:&nbsp;</strong>A field relevant to the role as demonstrated through coursework, training, or professional experience</p>
<p><strong>Minimum years of experience: </strong>Years of experience required will correlate with the internal job level requirements for the position</p>
<p><strong>Location-based hybrid policy:</strong> Currently, we expect all staff to be in one of our offices at least 25% of the time. However, some roles may require more time in our offices.</p>
<p><strong data-stringify-type="bold">Visa sponsorship:</strong>&nbsp;We do sponsor visas! However, we aren't able to successfully sponsor visas for every role and every candidate. But if we make you an offer, we will make every reasonable effort to get you a visa, and we retain an immigration lawyer to help with this.</p>
<p><strong>We encourage you to apply even if you do not believe you meet every single qualification.</strong> Not all strong candidates will meet every single qualification as listed.&nbsp; Research shows that people who identify as being from underrepresented groups are more prone to experiencing imposter syndrome and doubting the strength of their candidacy, so we urge you not to exclude yourself prematurely and to submit an application if you're interested in this work. We think AI systems like the ones we're building have enormous social and ethical implications. We think this makes representation even more important, and we strive to include a range of diverse perspectives on our team.<br><br><strong data-stringify-type="bold">Your safety matters to us.</strong> To protect yourself from potential scams, remember that Anthropic recruiters only contact you from&nbsp;@anthropic.com&nbsp;email addresses. In some cases, we may partner with vetted recruiting agencies who will identify themselves as working on behalf of Anthropic. Be cautious of emails from other domains. Legitimate Anthropic recruiters will never ask for money, fees, or banking information before your first day. If you're ever unsure about a communication, don't click any links—visit&nbsp;<u data-stringify-type="underline"><a class="c-link c-link--underline" href="http://anthropic.com/careers" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="http://anthropic.com/careers" data-sk="tooltip\_parent" data-remove-tab-index="true">anthropic.com/careers</a></u>&nbsp;directly for confirmed position openings.</p>
<h2><strong>How we're different</strong></h2>
<p>We believe that the highest-impact AI research will be big science. At Anthropic we work as a single cohesive team on just a few large-scale research efforts. And we value impact — advancing our long-term goals of steerable, trustworthy AI — rather than work on smaller and more specific puzzles. We view AI research as an empirical science, which has as much in common with physics and biology as with traditional efforts in computer science. We're an extremely collaborative group, and we host frequent research discussions to ensure that we are pursuing the highest-impact work at any given time. As such, we greatly value communication skills.</p>
<p>The easiest way to understand our research directions is to read our recent research. This research continues many of the directions our team worked on prior to Anthropic, including: GPT-3, Circuit-Based Interpretability, Multimodal Neurons, Scaling Laws, AI &amp; Compute, Concrete Problems in AI Safety, and Learning from Human Preferences.</p>
<h2><strong>Come work with us!</strong></h2>
<p>Anthropic is a public benefit corporation headquartered in San Francisco. We offer competitive compensation and benefits, optional equity donation matching, generous vacation and parental leave, flexible working hours, and a lovely office space in which to collaborate with colleagues. <strong data-stringify-type="bold">Guidance on Candidates' AI Usage:</strong>&nbsp;Learn about&nbsp;<a class="c-link" href="https://www.anthropic.com/candidate-ai-guidance" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://www.anthropic.com/candidate-ai-guidance" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">our policy</a>&nbsp;for using AI in our application process</p></div>