<h2><strong>Who we are </strong></h2>
<h3><strong>About Stripe</strong></h3>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies - from the world’s largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups - use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyone's reach while doing the most important work of your career.</span></p>
<h3><strong>About the team</strong></h3>
<h4><span style="font-weight: 400;">As a Startup Partner within Stripe, you will own the exciting opportunity to help shape and deliver on a strategy to build market awareness and broad use of Stripe’s payments and applications platform within startup communities.</span></h4>
<h3><strong>What you’ll do</strong></h3>
<p>Your responsibilities will include identifying appropriate Northern European based early and late stage VCs to target, driving the necessary business and technical relationships with the VC and their portfolio companies to establish new business in those accounts, and to work closely with the northern europe Stripe sales team on day-to-day interactions with the portfolio companies in order to build a long-term channel. You’ll also work closely with the Stripe marketing team on activities that tie in to the startup community.</p>
<h3><strong>Responsibilities</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Serve as a key member of the Startup Partners team in helping to drive overall Stripe market strategy for startups</li>
<li>Build engagement plans for top venture capital firms that have infrastructure needs, and drive consistent engagement with their portfolio companies through consultative strategic planning and collaboration.</li>
<li>Build strategic relationships with founders of portfolio companies to ensure high quality relationship management and a point of escalation for top startups</li>
<li>Execute the strategic business development plan while working with key internal stakeholders (e.g. sales teams, marketing, legal, support, etc.). Work closely with the VCs and the portfolio companies to ensure they are successful using our web services, making sure they have the technical resources required.</li>
<li>Mentor startups on their overall technology and business aspects and establish credibility within the startups and investors community</li>
<li>Represent Stripe in the startup ecosystem and take up speaking opportunities in startup events and platforms</li>
<li>Take a data-driven view of your work using salesforce.com to measure and forecast accurately</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Who you are</strong></h2>
<p>The ideal candidate will possess both a business background that enables them to drive an engagement and interact at the CxO/founder level, as well as being technically savvy to highlight the advantages of Stripe. He/she should also have a demonstrated ability to think strategically about business, product, and technical challenges, with the ability to build and convey compelling partner programs, and work cross-functionally to create great business outcomes. The ability to design strategy and drive execution is a must.</p>
<p>We’re looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.</p>
<h3><strong>Minimum requirements</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>10-12 years of business development/sales or program/product management or startup/investor experience within the technology industry</li>
<li>Strong verbal and written communications skills are a must, as well as leadership skills. Demonstrated ability to work effectively across internal and external organizations is key.</li>
<li>Ability to learn quickly, be creative and take initiative</li>
<li>Self-reliant, adaptable, decisive, and professional</li>
<li>Based in Stockholm, Sweden</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>Preferred qualifications</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Experience with and knowledge of the Venture Capital, Accelerators and Incubators community</li>
<li>Well networked in the Northern European Startup Ecosystem and should be a regular at key startup events</li>
</ul>