<p>The Product Management team drives Asana’s product strategy and execution, translating customer needs and opportunities into a compelling roadmap and working cross-functionally to deliver impactful solutions for team productivity and collaboration. We’re helping to define the Work Management category and inventing new ways for teams to work more efficiently together and see the larger purpose behind their work. Our team works directly with Engineering, Design, Experience Research, and Data Science, as well as with Sales, Support, and Marketing to ship great products. You’ll take part in every type of product work here — from strategy to product to process improvements — conceptualizing, launching, and iterating on Asana itself for millions of teams around the world.</p>
<p>In the mobile domain, will bring over 7 years of product management experience, embracing the challenge of solving complex, ambiguous problems where strategies or solutions may not be clearly defined from the outset. Cross-functional collaboration energizes you, as does partnering with engineering, design, user research, product marketing, and leadership, along with our remarkable PM team, to enhance mobile experiences and capabilities.</p>
<p>This role is based in our Warsaw office with an office-centric hybrid schedule. The standard in-office days are Monday, Tuesday, and Thursday. Most Asanas have the option to work from home on Wednesdays. Working from home on Fridays depends on the type of work you do, and your recruiter can share more about the in-office requirements.</p>
<p><strong>Our employees in Poland are employed under a contract of employment.</strong></p>
<p><strong>What you’ll achieve:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Create a product strategy to balance multiple priorities and use cases across customers, product teams, and enterprise-level compliance</li>
<li>Negotiate with partner teams, innovate in mobile and and deliver a compelling roadmap that’s focused on value for customers across our segments</li>
<li>Partner closely with Product Design to continuously improve the craft applied to our mobile products</li>
<li>Maximize clarity by bringing a data-driven mindset to setting concrete goals and milestones</li>
<li>Partner with engineering, design, and other functions to execute on roadmaps with high velocity</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>About you:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>10+ years of experience in Product Management including 3+ years of people manager experience. Background in building in mobile for complex data models and visualizations, human-centric UX, and B2B platform or enterprise experience preferred.</li>
<li>Systems thinker: You feel just as comfortable modeling data relationships in a technical diagram, just as well as you can partner with Design to walk stakeholders through a holistic UX flow.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Strategic: You inspire the company by creating bold, intuitive work connections within the platform and scoping them to solve the most critical customer problems.</li>
<li>Get Stuff Done: You create, flex, and evangelize a roadmap; thoughtfully break down projects to MVPs and iterative projects to ship with high velocity and business impact.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Customer-centric: You analyze our top customer personas; dig into the roots of customer needs; synthesize research to gain a deep understanding and narrow definition of a problem.</li>
<li>Communication and collaboration: You partner with cross-functional teammates to deliver high-quality results. You speak with clarity and write sharp product specs. You are highly comfortable getting into deep technical discussions with engineers about the pros and cons of different approaches, and you pair with design on complex user flows.</li>
<li>Grow Team Asana: You are a mentor for others; create great team morale among other functions and PMs; and share PM best practices you’ve cultivated to date.</li>
<li>Growth Mindset: You lead with curiosity and are open to feedback in order to learn.</li>
<li>Demonstrates curiosity about AI tools and emerging technologies, with a willingness to learn and leverage them to enhance productivity, collaboration, or decision-making.</li>
</ul>
<p>At Asana, we're committed to building teams that include a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, and skills, as this is critical to helping us achieve our mission. If you're interested in this role and don't meet every listed requirement, we still encourage you to apply.</p>
<p><strong>What we’ll offer:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Generous, transparent and fair compensation system</li>
<li>Contract of Employment (<strong>and the option of </strong>&nbsp;<strong>50% tax deductible costs for author’s rights usage in respect of&nbsp; applicable roles )&nbsp;</strong></li>
<li>Health insurance with dental and travel coverage (Lux Med)&nbsp;</li>
<li>Meals reimbursement on the days that you work from the office</li>
<li>Career growth budget&nbsp;</li>
<li>Home office setup budget&nbsp;</li>
<li>Gym/Fitness reimbursement</li>
<li>Fertility healthcare and family-forming support with <a href="https://www.get-carrot.com/">Carrot</a></li>
<li>Mental Health Support in Modern Health</li>
<li>Group life insurance</li>
<li>MacBooks with all necessary accessories</li>
</ul>
<p>For this role, the estimated base salary range is between 36,667 - 46,667 PLN gross per month (subject to all taxes and necessary deductions). The actual base salary will vary based on various factors, including market and individual qualifications objectively assessed during the interview process. The listed range above is a guideline, and the base salary range for this role may be modified.</p>
<p>In addition to base salary, your compensation package may include additional components such as equity and sales incentive pay (for most sales roles), and benefits. If you're interviewing for this role, speak with your Talent Acquisition Partner to learn more about the total compensation and benefits for this role.</p>
<p>#LI-Hybrid #LI-LB1</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>About us</strong></p>
<p data-pm-slice="1 1 []">Asana is a leading platform for human + AI collaboration. Millions of teams around the world rely on Asana to achieve their most important goals, faster. Asana has been named to Fortune's Best Workplaces for 7+ years and recognized by Fast Company, Forbes, and Gartner for excellence in workplace culture and innovation. We offer an exceptional office-centric culture while adopting the best elements of hybrid models to ensure that every one of our global team members can work together effortlessly. With 13+ offices all over the world, we are always looking for individuals who care about building technology that drives positive change in the world and a culture where everyone feels that they belong.</p>
<p data-pm-slice="1 1 []"><strong><a class="LinkThemeablePresentation LinkPrimaryPresentation LinkPrimaryPresentation--sentimentSelected PrimaryLink HighlightSol HighlightSol--core HighlightSol--buildingBlock" href="https://www.gem.com/form?formID=fbcdec8c-3442-43b9-9b45-d2b5f4ea25db" target="\_blank">Join Asana’s Talent Network</a></strong>&nbsp;to stay up to date on job opportunities and life at Asana.</p></div>