<h2><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;"><strong>The Role</strong></span></h2>
<p><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">At HelloConnect, you will be part of a dynamic team in Inoza tower, BGC that embraces innovation and leverages advanced technology to create exceptional experiences. Our culture is built on collaboration, continuous learning, and a commitment to excellence. You’ll have the opportunity to work on impactful projects, develop your skills, and grow within a supportive environment that values diverse perspectives and experiences.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">In this role, you will take on a key responsibility in you will manage and optimize the platform by resolving complex issues, supporting users, and driving automation and process improvements to enhance overall productivity and collaboration., contributing to our ongoing efforts to drive business success and enhance customer satisfaction.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">We’re looking for passionate individuals who can bring their unique skills and ideas to the table. Even if you don't meet every requirement but believe you’d excel in this role, we’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
<h2><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;"><strong>What you’ll do</strong></span></h2>
<ul>
<li>Serve as the primary technical escalation point for all L2 queries related to the Google Workspace suite, including Gmail, Drive, Calendar, and other core services.</li>
<li>Troubleshoot, investigate, and resolve complex user issues, ensuring timely and effective solutions.</li>
<li>Improve quality of service by analyzing ticket data and proposing improvements to processes and SOPs.</li>
<li>Write and maintain clear technical documentation for both end-users and internal IT administrators.</li>
<li>Escalate critical issues to and collaborate with third-party vendor support (e.g., Google) to ensure resolution.</li>
<li>Handle advanced data management tasks, including restoring deleted user emails, recovering files/folders, and transferring file ownership.</li>
<li>Manage security settings, including delegated administrators and domain-wide delegation, to ensure compliance with company policies.</li>
</ul>
<h2><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;"><strong>What you’ll bring</strong></span></h2>
<p>Required Hard Skills:</p>
<ul>
<li><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">In-depth knowledge of the Google Workspace Admin Console: A solid understanding of managing user accounts, groups, and organizational units.</span></li>
<li><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">Expertise in Google Workspace Services: Deep knowledge of core products, including Gmail, Google Drive, Google Calendar, and Google Sites, especially their sharing and IAM settings.</span></li>
<li><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">Domain &amp; Email Configuration: Strong technical skills in DNS (SPF, DKIM, DMARC), email routing, and email protocols (IMAP/SMTP).</span></li>
<li><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">Professional Workspace Administrator Certification: This certification is required.</span></li>
</ul>
<p>Required Soft Skills:</p>
<ul>
<li><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">Advanced Problem-Solving: Demonstrates strong analytical skills to diagnose and resolve complex technical issues effectively.</span></li>
<li><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">Excellent Communication: Fluent in English with the ability to explain complex technical information clearly and concisely to non-technical audiences.</span></li>
<li><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">Strong Collaboration: Ability to work effectively with cross-functional teams, including developers, product managers, and other IT personnel.</span></li>
<li><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">Time Management: Proven ability to manage time effectively, prioritizing tasks based on urgency and business impact.</span></li>
</ul>
<h2><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;"><strong>What we offer</strong></span></h2>
<ul>
<li style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;"><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;"><strong>Competitive Compensation</strong>: Beyond the standard package, we offer perks like Long Service Benefits (anniversary bonus) to recognize and celebrate your dedication</span></li>
<li style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;"><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;"><strong>Wellness &amp; Perks</strong>: We prioritize your well-being by offering mental health support, HMO medical coverage, generous leave benefits plus life insurance for both you and your family's peace of mind</span></li>
<li style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;"><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;"><strong>Growth Opportunities</strong>: Invest in your personal development with an annual learning &amp; development budget, plus access to the 360 Learning platform</span></li>
<li style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;"><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;"><strong>Dynamic Environment</strong>: Join a rapidly growing global Business Process Outsourcing company, where you'll collaborate with a diverse community spanning across multiple continents and cultures</span></li>
<li style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;"><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;"><strong>Work-Life Balance</strong>: Enjoy a healthy balance between your professional and personal life, with a supportive environment that prioritizes your well-being and personal time</span></li>
</ul>
<h2><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;"><strong>Are you up for the challenge?</strong></span></h2>
<p><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">The first step to your new role starts here. Send in your application, along with your salary expectations and preferred start date. Our dedicated team will thoroughly review your details. We are excited to connect with you soon!&nbsp;</span></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p style="line-height: 1;"><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif; color: rgb(0, 0, 0);">#helloconnect<br>#LI-Remote</span></p>
<p style="line-height: 1;"><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif; color: rgb(0, 0, 0);">#hcgreenhouse</span></p>