<h2><strong>About the Opportunity</strong></h2>
<p>As a <strong>Senior</strong> <strong>Software Engineer</strong> focused on content storage infrastructure domain you will be responsible for innovating and maintaining Contentful’s underlying storage infrastructure and adjacent services. You will work on the very foundation of Contentful that our teams build on top of, but also have the opportunity to directly impact our customers’ experience with scalability and performance features.</p>
<p>You’ll join a team of thoughtful, collaborative engineers who support each other, share knowledge freely, and work closely with teams across domains. If you’re someone who thrives on responsibility and takes pride in building highly scalable and reliable systems that enable others - this might be the right place for you.</p>
<p>The team is placed in the infrastructure group.</p>
<h2><strong>What to expect?</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>You’ll further design and develop our content storage infrastructure is foundational to the billions of requests we are serving today</li>
<li>You’ll work with AWS using Terraform and Infrastructure-as-Code best practices</li>
<li>You’ll collaborate closely with teams in the content storage and delivery domains</li>
<li>You’ll develop and maintain services written in Typescript and Go</li>
<li>You’ll help us stay ahead of operational risks - anticipating bottlenecks or failure points before they cause problems.</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>What you need to be successful?</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Proven experience in software development and systems engineering experience</li>
<li>Strong understanding of relational database engines (preferably PostgreSQL)</li>
<li>Thorough AWS knowledge across core services: RDS, S3, Lamda, SNS/SQS</li>
<li>Terraform and Kubernetes expertise</li>
<li>Kafka experience is a plus</li>
<li>Proficiency in at least one modern programming language (Typescript, Go)</li>
<li>Experience with observability stacks (metrics, logs, tracing) and tools like Splunk and DataDog</li>
<li>Problem-Solving Skills: Natural problem-solver who brings forward ideas leading to practical solutions and product growth.</li>
<li>Collaborative Mindset: Ability to work effectively in a team environment</li>
<li>Adaptability: Ability to organize and prioritize competing workloads in a fast-paced environment.</li>
<li>Excellent English communication skills, verbal and written (German not required).</li>
<li>A collaborative mindset: you're helpful, respectful, and enjoy sharing knowledge</li>
<li>Ability to context switch, work through ambiguity, and contribute across multiple workstreams</li>
<li>You lead by example, mentor others, and embrace a culture of safe experimentation and continuous improvement</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>What’s in it for you?</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Join an ambitious tech company reshaping the way people build digital experiences</li>
<li>Full-time employees receive Stock Options for the opportunity to share in the success of our company</li>
<li>Comprehensive healthcare package health/dental/vision care package covering 100% of monthly health premiums for employees&nbsp; and 85% of costs for your dependents.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Fertility and family building benefits, including a lifetime reimbursable wallet to support your growing family.</li>
<li>We value<strong> Work-Life balance </strong>and<strong> You Time</strong>!<strong> </strong>A generous amount of paid time off, including vacation days, sick days,&nbsp; education days, compassion days for loss, and volunteer days</li>
<li>Time off to care for and focus on your growing family&nbsp;</li>
<li>Use your personal annual education budget to improve your skills and grow in your career</li>
<li>Enjoy a full range of virtual and in-person events, including workshops, guest speakers, and fun team activities, supporting learning and networking exchange beyond the usual work duties&nbsp;</li>
<li>An annual wellbeing stipend to care for your physical, financial, or emotional health</li>
<li>A monthly communication phone/internet stipend and phone hardware upgrade reimbursement.</li>
<li>New hire office equipment stipend for hybrid or distributed employees. Get the gear you need to work at your best.</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><h2><strong>Who are we?</strong></h2>
<p>Contentful is a leading <strong>digital experience platform</strong> that helps modern businesses meet the growing demand for engaging, personalized content at scale. By blending composability with native <strong>AI</strong> capabilities, Contentful enables dynamic personalization, automated content delivery, and real-time experimentation, powering next-generation digital experiences across brands, regions, and channels for more than 4,200 organizations worldwide. More than <strong>700 people</strong> from more than <strong>70 nations</strong> contribute their energy and creativity to Contentful, working from hubs in Berlin, Denver, San Francisco, London, New York, and distributed worldwide.</p>
<h2><strong>Everyone is welcome here!</strong></h2>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;"><strong>“Everyone is welcome here”</strong> is a celebrated component of our culture. At Contentful, we strive to create an inclusive environment that empowers our employees. We believe that our products and services benefit from our diverse backgrounds and experiences, and we are proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applications will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, age, physical [dis]ability, or length of time spent unemployed. We invite you to apply and join us!</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">If you need reasonable accommodations at any point during the application or interview process, please let your recruiting coordinator know.</span></p>
<p class="p1"><span style="color: #3e3e3e;"><em>Please be aware of scammers who may fraudulently allege to be from Contentful. These types of fraud can be carried out through copycat websites, fake email addresses claiming to be from our company, or social media. We do not ask for your personal information, such as bank account numbers, identification numbers, etc, through social media or chat-based apps, nor do we request or send money for the purchase of business equipment. If you suspect fraud, please report it to your local authorities, as well as reach out to us at <a href="mailto:security-esk@contentful.com" target="\_blank">security-esk@contentful.com</a> </em></span><span style="color: #3e3e3e;"><em>with any information you may have.</em></span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">By clicking “Apply for this job,” I acknowledge that I have read the “</span><a href="https://www.contentful.com/legal/us/privacy-notice-to-candidates/privacy/" target="\_blank"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Contentful’s Candidate Privacy Notice</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">” and hereby consent to the collection, processing, use, and storage of my personal information as described therein.</span></p></div>