<div class="content-intro"><p><a href="https://www.xendit.co/en/">Xendit</a> provides payment infrastructure across Southeast Asia and is expanding to Greater China and LATAM. We process payments, power marketplaces, disburse payroll and loans, provide KYC solutions, prevent fraud, and help businesses grow exponentially. We serve our customers by providing a suite of world-class APIs, eCommerce platform integrations, and easy to use applications for individual entrepreneurs, SMEs, and enterprises alike.</p>
<p>Our main focus is building the most advanced payment rails for Southeast Asia, with a clear goal in mind — to make payments across and within SEA simple, secure and easy for everyone. We serve thousands of businesses ranging from SMEs to multinational enterprises, and process millions of transactions monthly. We’ve been growing rapidly since our inception in 2015, onboarding hundreds of new customers every month, and <a href="https://techcrunch.com/2021/03/02/indonesia-payments-infra-startup-xendit-raises-64-6m/">backed by global top-10 VCs</a>. We’re proud to be featured on among the fastest growing companies by <a href="https://www.ycombinator.com/topcompanies">Y-Combinator</a>.</p></div><h3>About the Job</h3>
<p>At Xendit, we are seeking a skilled Onboarding and Implementation Consultant to join our team and lead the seamless integration of new B2B SaaS clients onto our platform. As an Onboarding and Implementation Consultant, you will be responsible for guiding clients through the setup and configuration process, ensuring their specific business needs are met. You will manage technical integration tasks, including API integrations and data migrations, to connect our platform with clients' existing systems. Additionally, you will collaborate with clients to understand their operational requirements and provide tailored training sessions to ensure they can effectively utilize our platform. Project management skills are essential as you will coordinate with cross-functional teams to ensure a smooth transition from sales to onboarding. Furthermore, you will serve as the primary point of contact for clients during the onboarding process, promptly addressing any technical or operational issues that arise. If you thrive in a dynamic environment, excel in client interaction, and have a strong technical acumen, we encourage you to apply for this role.</p>
<h3>Minimum Qualifications</h3>
<ul>
<li>Fluent in English</li>
<li>Currently based in Jakarta or Jabodetabek area, Kuala Lumpur, Taiwan, or Mainland China (e.g. Shenzen)</li>
<li>2 to 4 years of experience in a client relationship focused role, e.g., Client Servicing, Technical Account Management, Technical Support Account Management, Professional Services or Consulting</li>
<li>Able to make complicated technical subjects sound simple</li>
<li>Passion for Technology, and a desire to understand products, use cases, value propositions and technical components</li>
<li>Can thrive on autonomy and have proven you can push towards a goal by yourself</li>
<li>Communicate effectively across various stakeholders and manage these relationships well - internal teams and external customers</li>
<li>Able to stay agile in ambiguous situations</li>
<li>Able to think strategically, but also don’t mind doing the nitty gritty</li>
</ul>
<h3>Preferred Qualifications</h3>
<ul>
<li>Fluent in Mandarin</li>
<li>Proven experience in managing a portfolio of products/customers or projects to meet business and customer needs.</li>
<li>Proven experience in managing products/customer through their lifecycle and building credibility with customers and internal stakeholders</li>
<li>Proven experience of setting product or service performance goals and monitoring product/service/project performance.</li>
</ul>
<h3>Responsibilities</h3>
<ul>
<li>Lead the onboarding process for new B2B SaaS clients, guiding them through the setup and configuration of our platform to meet their specific business needs.</li>
<li>Manage technical integration tasks, including API integrations, data migrations, and system configurations, to seamlessly connect our SaaS platform with clients' existing systems and workflows.</li>
<li>Collaborate with clients to understand their unique ops requirements. Provide tailored training sessions to ensure clients are proficient in using our platform effectively.</li>
<li>Coordinate with cross-functional teams including sales, product development, and customer support to ensure a smooth transition from sales to onboarding. Manage timelines, deliverables, and resources to meet client expectations.</li>
<li>Act as a primary point of contact for clients during the onboarding process, addressing any technical or operational issues promptly and effectively. Escalate complex issues to appropriate teams for resolution.</li>
<li>Go above and beyond to contribute to the success of Xendit</li>
<li>Do whatever it takes to make Xendit succeed</li>
</ul>