<p>
  <strong>Headquarters:</strong> Berlin, Limassol, Remote
</p>

<div class="description-wrapper description-wrapper-shown" lang="en"><br><br><h5 class="detail-block-title">About Vivid</h5><br><div class="detail-block-description"><br>                        At Vivid, we're reimagining how individuals and businesses manage money. Our all-in-one app opens up a world of financial possibilities: invest in global stocks, ETFs, and over 150 cryptocurrencies, earn cashback on everyday purchases, and access personalised insights to make the most of your finances—all tailored to your lifestyle. &nbsp;&nbsp;<br>&nbsp;&nbsp;<br>For businesses, Vivid Business offers a powerful suite of tools, including multi-IBAN accounts, high-interest rates, business cashback, team cards, and seamless accounting integrations to streamline operations. &nbsp;&nbsp;<br>&nbsp;&nbsp;<br>Our mission? Your success. Everyone deserves the chance to see their finances flourish, and we’re dedicated to empowering our customers to make this a reality. &nbsp;&nbsp;<br>&nbsp;&nbsp;<br>Since our 2020 launch in Germany, Vivid has rapidly expanded across Europe, earning the trust of over 500,000 customers looking for a simpler, smarter way to grow their wealth. With over €200 million raised from top investors and a valuation of €775 million, Vivid is where modern finance meets real opportunity. Join us and experience a new way to thrive financially.<br>                    </div><br><br><br><h5 class="detail-block-title">About The Role</h5><br><div class="detail-block-description"><br>                            As a <strong>Senior</strong> <strong>Product Manager&nbsp;</strong>at Vivid Money, you will play a key role in developing and enhancing our AI products. You will be responsible for driving the strategy, defining the roadmap, and leading cross-functional teams to deliver a best-in-class invoicing experience for our users.<br>                        </div><br><br><br><h5 class="detail-block-title">Your Mission</h5><br><div class="detail-block-description"><br><ul><li>Develop and execute products vision, strategy, and roadmap.</li><li>Collaborate with designers, engineers, and stakeholders to define product requirements.</li><li>Conduct user research and gather feedback to inform product decisions.</li><li>Work closely with the engineering team to prioritize and deliver product features.</li><li>Monitor product performance and key metrics to identify areas of improvement.</li><li>Stay up-to-date with industry trends and competitors to ensure our product remains competitive.</li></ul><br></div><br><br><br><h5 class="detail-block-title">Your Profile</h5><br><div class="detail-block-description"><br><ul><li>5+ years of product management experience, ideally within fintech.</li><li>Ability to translate customer needs and market trends into product requirements.</li><li>Hands-on experience with AI tooling and fluency in current AI trends.</li><li>Experience leading product delivery in cross-functional teams (engineering, design, data).</li><li>Proven track record of building successful products and features.</li><li>Strong analytical and problem-solving skills.</li><li>Excellent communication and presentation skills.</li></ul><br></div><br><br><br><h5 class="detail-block-title">Why Join Vivid?</h5><br><div class="detail-block-description"><br><ul><li>Have the opportunity to participate in developing a new and innovative department and learn and grow with the company as it goes through the various stages of its life-cycle.</li><li>You will be surrounded by high-performing talents who are passionate about the product and the company.</li><li>We have a Hybrid model in one of our offices (Berlin, Limassol, Almaty) or fully remote outside office locations.</li><li>We support relocation (visa, package) to Cyprus.</li><li>This is a senior-level position with a competitive salary and benefits package (depending on location).</li></ul><br><strong>Enhance your expertise and shape the future of FinTech. Join Vivid's talented team and help us revolutionize how businesses think about their finances!</strong><br></div><br><br></div>

<p><strong>To apply:</strong> <a href="https://weworkremotely.com/remote-jobs/vivid-senior-product-manager-hybrid-or-remote">https://weworkremotely.com/remote-jobs/vivid-senior-product-manager-hybrid-or-remote</a></p>