<div class="content-intro"><p><strong>Secure Every Identity, from AI to Human<br><br></strong>Identity is the key to unlocking the potential of AI. Okta secures AI by building the trusted, neutral infrastructure that enables organizations to safely embrace this new era. This work requires a relentless drive to solve complex challenges with real-world stakes. We are looking for builders and owners who operate with speed and urgency and execute with excellence.<br><br>This is an opportunity to do career-defining work. We're all in on this mission. If you are too, let's talk.</p></div><p><strong>Access Management Engineering Team</strong></p>
<p>The Okta Access Management Team builds the foundation for authentication and authorization across Okta-protected resources. Our mission is to enable customers to access these resources securely. We develop Okta cloud services and client software that allow users to seamlessly login to devices and use Okta authenticators to access applications securely. The Access Management team is part of Okta Engineering. Our team is fast-growing and impactful at Okta. Join our team and develop foundational blocks for products that help our customers daily, such as <a href="https://www.okta.com/products/fastpass/">Okta FastPass</a>, <a href="https://help.okta.com/oie/en-us/content/topics/identity-engine/devices/device-assurance.htm">Okta Device Assurance</a>, and <a href="https://www.okta.com/products/device-access/">Okta Device Access</a>. Learn more about Okta’s Engineering on <a href="https://www.okta.com/blog/?filters=okta%3Atopic%2Fengineering&amp;sort=featured">our blog</a>.</p>
<p><strong>About You</strong></p>
<p>The team is seeking a highly strategic and experienced technical leader to serve as the Mobile Architect. You will be the definitive expert on the Apple (macOS/iOS) ecosystem, responsible for designing and driving sustainable, secure, and scalable mobile architecture across Okta's product portfolio. The ideal candidate will have deep, hands-on architectural experience in the macOS/iOS application development space, with a strong complementary understanding of the Android platform. This role offers an unparalleled opportunity to define the technical future in the critical security and identity space.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>You will define the long-term technical vision and architectural roadmap for Okta’s mobile line of products, including the Okta Verify app, FastPass, Device Assurance, and public SDKs</li>
<li>You are a highly strategic and experienced architect with a passion for driving mobile platform evolution at an enterprise scale.</li>
<li>You have a proven track record of successfully architecting and delivering large-scale enterprise or consumer products, primarily on the Apple platform.</li>
<li>You are comfortable leading cross-functional and cross-organizational alignment on complex technical strategies and setting best practices for other engineering teams.</li>
<li>You will enjoy a high degree of technical responsibility, ownership, and strategic impact within Okta's Workforce Identity Cloud Engineering.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Job Duties and Responsibilities:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Define and champion the mobile architectural vision and long-term technical roadmap, ensuring alignment with overall product strategy and cross-platform consistency.</li>
<li>Provide technical guidance and mentorship to senior engineers across teams, elevating the quality and security of all mobile engineering practices.</li>
<li>Lead the architectural review and decision-making process for foundational components and core platform initiatives</li>
<li>Collaborate with Product Management, Security, and other Engineering leaders to translate high-level requirements into robust and future-proof architectural designs.</li>
<li>Stay up-to-date with the latest trends and technologies in the mobile space, especially macOS/iOS development, evaluating and recommending new architectural approaches, tools, and platforms.</li>
<li>Contribute to high-level technical designs, architectural proposals, and documentation that set the standard for the organization.</li>
<li>Oversee and participate in critical code reviews to ensure adherence to architectural best practices, security standards, and performance criteria.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Required Knowledge, Skills, And Abilities</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><strong>18+</strong> years of software development experience, with at least <strong>8</strong> years of experience in setting the technical direction and architecting large-scale enterprise software with a primary focus on the macOS/iOS ecosystem.</li>
<li>Expert-level proficiency in Swift/Objective-C, Appkit/SwiftUI for UI, iOS/macOS internals, system extensions, OSQuery, app permission models and a deep architectural understanding of the relevant frameworks</li>
<li>Strong understanding of the Android platform and related technologies (e.g., Kotlin, Java, Android SDK) would be the required secondary skill.</li>
<li>Extensive experience designing and implementing highly secure, performant, and resilient cross-platform mobile solutions.</li>
<li>Proven ability to thrive in agile environments, utilizing continuous integration and deployment (CI/CD) to ensure rapid and reliable software delivery.</li>
<li>Exceptional communication, presentation, and negotiation skills, with the ability to articulate complex architectural concepts to both technical and non-technical audiences across functions.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Nice-to-haves</strong></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>Understanding of Identity and Access Management protocols and architecture (FIDO, U2F, WebAuth, SSO, SAML, Kerberos, OAuth, Federation, etc.)</li>
<li>Security or Systems development experience on Android, such as root detection, code signing, or tamper resistance experience, PKI, SafetyNet.</li>
<li>Knowledge of Mobile Device Management.</li>
<li>Experience working on public-facing SDKs.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Education:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or equivalent experience.</li>
<li>Master’s degree in Computer Science</li>
</ul>
<p>#LI-Hybrid</p>
<p>P24144\_3361882</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong><br>The Okta Experience</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><a href="http://rewards.okta.com">Supporting Your Well-Being</a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="https://www.okta.com/company/okta-for-good/">Driving Social Impact&nbsp;</a></li>
<li><a href="https://www.okta.com/company/talent-connection-community/">Developing Talent and Fostering Connection + Community</a></li>
</ul>
<p>We are intentional about connection. Our global community, spanning over 20 offices worldwide, is united by a drive to innovate. Your journey begins with an immersive, in-person onboarding experience designed to accelerate your impact and connect you to our mission and team from day one.<br><br>Okta is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, marital status, age, physical or mental disability, or status as a protected veteran. We also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and convictions records, consistent with applicable laws.<br><br>If reasonable accommodation is needed to complete any part of the job application, interview process, or onboarding please&nbsp;<a href="https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1EfiEYZrIyhA2X4Fijk0R3RKYOzNoS3wtvyM4nhbZnXE/edit">use this Form</a> to request an accommodation.<br><br>Notice for New York City Applicants &amp; Employees: Okta may use Automated Employment Decision Tools (AEDT), as defined by New York City Local Law 144, that use artificial intelligence, machine learning, or other automated processes to assist in our recruitment and hiring process. In accordance with NYC Local Law 144, if you are an applicant or employee residing in New York City, please&nbsp;<a href="https://talent.okta.com/new-york-city-aedt-notice.html">click here</a> to view our full NYC AEDT Notice.<br><br>Okta is committed to complying with applicable data privacy and security laws and regulations. For more information, please see our Personnel and Job Candidate Privacy Notice at&nbsp;<a href="https://www.okta.com/legal/personnel-policy/">https://www.okta.com/legal/personnel-policy/</a>.</p></div>