HomeMade, Mable, Leap in! and Mable Direct are entities under the Attain Healthtech Group of companies. While our companies are diverse, three similarities bind us:

1. We exist to create lasting, positive change across the entire care and support sector - impacting more lives, elevating standards and shaping the future of care

2. We believe in technology as an enabler

3. We’re driven by helping customers attain better outcomes

This position is part of the HomeMade team.

**About HomeMade**

HomeMade is an approved aged care provider dedicated to improving its customers' lives by empowering older people to self-manage their service providers with the assistance of our clinical and customer support teams.

Our transformative technology platform helps thousands of people retain choice and control by allowing them to create unique support plans that meet their specific needs and optimise their funds.

By working at HomeMade, you can play a crucial role in helping older people maintain their independence and live fulfilling lives in their own homes. You’ll be joining a team that is passionate and dedicated to making a meaningful difference in the lives of others.

To find out more, visit <https://homemadesupport.com.au/>

**About the role**

As HomeMade grows and scales at a rapid rate, we are looking for a Technical Trainer to join our team.

As a Technical Trainer, you will play a crucial role in ensuring the continuous improvement of our HomeMade teams. You will be responsible for delivering, coordinating, evaluating and maintaining comprehensive training programs to equip our team members with the skills and knowledge necessary to deliver exceptional customer experiences and achieve role-based KPIs.

## Key Responsibilities

- **Training Program Development** - Design and develop training materials, modules, and curriculums for new hire training, ongoing skill development, and product/service updates.
- **Training Delivery** - Facilitate engaging and interactive training sessions for HomeMade team members in person and virtually to ensure comprehension and retention of key concepts and achievement of learning objectives.
- **Performance Evaluation -** Regular assessments and evaluations should be conducted to measure training programs' effectiveness and identify areas for improvement.
- **Product and Process Knowledge -** Stay updated on HomeMade processes, services, policies, and procedures to ensure accurate and relevant training materials.
- **Continuous Improvement** - Proactively identify opportunities to enhance training programs, methodologies, and delivery techniques based on industry best practices and stakeholder feedback.
- **Documentation and Reporting -** Maintain accurate records of training activities, attendance, and performance metrics. Generate reports to track the progress and effectiveness of training initiatives.
- **Compliance -** Uphold the requirements of your role in accordance with the Aged Care Act and Aged Care Quality Standards.

## Your Skills and Expertise

- Proven experience in training coordination, delivery, evaluation and record-keeping.
- Strong communication and presentation skills, with the ability to effectively convey complex information to diverse audiences.
- Excellent interpersonal skills and the ability to build rapport and trust with trainees and colleagues.
- Detail-oriented with strong organisational and time management skills.
- Ability to work effectively in a fast-paced environment and manage multiple priorities simultaneously.
- Self motivated and enjoy working in a team towards team goals, as well as individual deadlines and KPIs.

## Additionally

- HomeMade is a technology enabled business, therefore we need tech savvy people who love to learn new things.
- You need to be confident using Google suite, Salesforce, and cloud-based contact centre software, or can demonstrate an ability to pick similar systems up quickly.
- Experience in a customer service environment and knowledge of the aged care sector will be well-regarded.

**The values we live by**

**Put People First** 🫶🏼

People and relationships matter most.

**Foster Freedom** 🪁

Life should be lived in a way that makes sense for you, without unnecessary controls or external restrictions.

**Do The Right Thing** 💖

Be fair, honest, open, ethical, and transparent.

**Be Bold** 💡

With a vision to imagine and create a brighter future.

**Values we share as part of Attain Healthtech**

**Break New Ground** 🧨

We simplify care with creativity and bold ideas.

**Make It Matter**💟

We put people at the centre and create impact that improves lives.

**Own The Outcome**🥇

We aim high, deliver excellence and drive results that last.

**Our benefits**

**Power your career ⚡️**

Learn from industry experts, experienced leaders, and on-the-job opportunities.

**Access parental leave 👶**

Get 14 weeks of paid leave for primary carers and 6 weeks of paid leave for secondary carers plus superannuation.

**Work with flexibility 🏠**

We’re a hybrid workplace, balancing time in the office with remote work.

**Flexi Leave Days 🌴**

Get one extra paid leave day per quarter for what makes you happy.

**Take a floating public holiday 🫶🏾**

Acknowledge a significant day your way with family and friends.

**Be rewarded 🏆**

Celebrate wins and recognise great performance with an easy and accessible Reward and Recognition program.

**We are one**

As an organisation, we celebrate our diversity and welcome all people, regardless of their family responsibilities, ethnicity, faith, sexual orientation, or gender identity. Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander people are encouraged to apply.

If this role has stood out to you but you don’t feel like you ‘tick all the boxes,’ we strongly encourage you to apply nonetheless. We value diversity in experience, and you might just bring something we are looking for to our organisation!