<p>At JetBrains, code is our passion. Ever since we started back in 2000, we have strived to make the strongest, most effective developer tools on earth. By automating routine checks and corrections, our tools speed up production, freeing developers to grow, discover, and create.</p>
<p>AI Assistant is an advanced software tool that leverages artificial intelligence to aid developers in various tasks. Our team develops the AI Assistant plugin for JetBrains IDEs. This tool integrates AI into the coding environment, enhancing features like code completion, debugging, and VCS operations. We’re striving to make JetBrains AI Assistant the most useful and intuitive AI-powered tool on the market, focusing on core features such as code completion, code generation, refactoring, and general assistance via chat.</p>
<p><strong>As part of our team, you will:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Perform functional, exploratory, and regression testing.</li>
<li>Design test cases and write specifications.</li>
<li>Reproduce bugs and verify fixes.</li>
<li>Communicate with the team, as well as internal and external users.</li>
<li>Participate in feature discussions and planning.</li>
<li>Have the opportunity to get hands-on experience working with data, performing online experiments, and measuring the impact of features on end users.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Requirements:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Experience in testing without functional specifications.</li>
<li>Knowledge of testing methodologies.</li>
<li>Understanding of programming concepts sufficient for writing simple applications.</li>
<li>Experience with Java or Kotlin.</li>
<li>Commitment to working as a team, sharing your knowledge, and being open to other points of view.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>You’ll be great for our team if you:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Have an interest in machine learning.</li>
<li>Have experience working with data and know how to make data-informed decisions.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Why join JetBrains?&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Strong base salary. We offer competitive pay that reflects your skills and experience.</li>
<li>Flexible work location. Enjoy the freedom to work from home or from the office.</li>
<li>Remote work. Spend up to 30 days per year working remotely from abroad.</li>
<li>Extra time off. More days to relax, recharge, and do the things you love.</li>
<li>Medical insurance allowance. Enjoy peace of mind for you and your family</li>
<li>Learning and development opportunities. Access to conferences, courses, and language classes.</li>
<li>Relocation support. We help make your move as smooth and stress-free as possible.</li>
<li>Language classes. Pick up the local language or sharpen your English skills.</li>
<li>Fuel your day. Enjoy a hot meal or receive a lunch allowance on workdays.</li>
<li>Mental health support. To help you feel your best, we provide easy access to professional mental health services.</li>
<li>Sports benefit. Enjoy an on-site gym or sports club stipend.</li>
<li>Internal events. Join company-wide celebrations and team gatherings.</li>
</ul>
<p>\*Some benefits may vary depending on location.</p>
<p><span style="color: rgb(255, 255, 255);">#LI-DNI&nbsp;</span></p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>We are an equal opportunity employer</strong><br><br>We know great ideas can come from anyone, anywhere. That’s why we do our best to create an open and inclusive workplace – one that welcomes everyone regardless of their background, identity, religion, age, accessibility needs, or orientation.</p>
<p><em data-stringify-type="italic">We process the data provided in your job application in accordance with the <a href="https://www.jetbrains.com/legal/docs/privacy/privacy-recruitment/">Recruitment Privacy Policy.</a></em></p></div>