<h2><strong>Who we are</strong></h2>
<h3><strong>About Stripe</strong></h3>
<p>Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies from the world’s largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyone’s reach while doing the most important work of your career.</p>
<h3><strong>About the team</strong></h3>
<p>As an Account Executive on the Enterprise team at Stripe, you will drive Stripe’s future growth engine by building new relationships with prospective companies, turning them into happy Stripe users. You will manage and elevate relationships with a named account list within a key vertical while identifying new growth opportunities and ways Stripe can exceed expectations. This role will be dedicated to accounts focused in Australia &amp; New Zealand.</p>
<h2><strong>What you’ll do</strong></h2>
<p>As an Enterprise Account Executive, you’ll own the full sales cycle, from prospecting and closing to managing existing relationships and identifying new opportunities to expand Stripe’s footprint within existing accounts. Specifically, we’re looking for someone who can execute on long-term sales strategies, engage with internal and external stakeholders, align on technical and business requirements with product teams, build value in competitive situations, lead commercial negotiations, and close deals.</p>
<h3><strong>Responsibilities</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Own a named account list and develop account plans for winning business with large digital native and enterprise companies</li>
<li>Develop outbound strategies to create and nurture opportunities</li>
<li>Own the full sales cycle from prospecting to close, to go live</li>
<li>Own and lead commercial negotiations to increase and retain customer revenue and Stripe market share</li>
<li>Develop relationships with executive stakeholders at prospective users</li>
<li>Work with company leaders from multiple functions (e.g., Engineering, Product, and Finance) to lead complex product workshops and develop financial analyses</li>
<li>Lead and contribute to team projects to develop and refine our sales process</li>
<li>Engage with cross functional teams (Partners, Post Sales, Product and Engineering) to help drive and iterate Stripe’s strategy</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Who you are</strong></h2>
<p>You’re a results-driven salesperson who confidently sells business value and navigates technical conversations at all levels;CTO, COO, CFO and beyond. You’ve worked with upper‑middle‑market or enterprise customers and understand the buyer journey. You lead complex, multi‑stakeholder deals, and quickly learn products that require technical depth. Analytical and ROI‑focused, you enjoy modeling business outcomes and helping customers quantify investment decisions. You love prospecting, can own the full sales cycle independently, and will help shape our sales strategy by refining messaging and building key assets. If you’re motivated, resourceful, persistent, and a great teammate, we’d love to talk.</p>
<h3><strong>Minimum requirements</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>8+ years of sales experience, preferably at a technology company, with a track record of top performance</li>
<li>Used to driving high activity with a goal of building and executing a healthy pipeline of qualified deals to close</li>
<li>Ability to understand complex business problems companies face today, and craft solutions across multiple products</li>
<li>Ability to develop and execute account plans spanning multiple business units across complex organizations</li>
<li>Strong presentation skills, particularly for in-person meetings with multiple stakeholders</li>
<li>Proven ability to lead complex negotiations involving bespoke commercial agreements</li>
<li>Superior verbal and written communication skills</li>
<li>Ability to operate in a highly ambiguous and fast-paced environment</li>
<li>Strong interest in technology</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>Preferred requirements</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Prior experience at a growth stage internet/ software company</li>
<li>Experience in fintech/ payments is a plus</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>