<p><strong>This is Adyen</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Adyen provides payments, data, and financial products in a single solution for customers like Meta, Uber, H&amp;M, and Microsoft - making us the financial technology platform of choice. At Adyen, everything we do is engineered for ambition.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">For our teams, we create an environment with opportunities for our people to succeed, backed by the culture and support to ensure they are enabled to truly own their careers. We are motivated individuals who tackle unique technical challenges at scale and solve them as a team. Together, we deliver innovative and ethical solutions that help businesses achieve their ambitions faster.</span></p>
<p><strong>Financial Risk Analyst</strong></p>
<p>As a Financial Risk Analyst on our Merchant Potential Liability Team you will be part of a team of high-performing professionals that evaluates and manages financial risk (i.e. chargebacks) arising from a portfolio of enterprise merchants, as well as assessing the risk of new products.&nbsp;</p>
<p>As a member of our team, you will help us scale and innovate our financial risk management framework and processes. You will be working closely with the Commercial, Product and Legal teams while collaborating with some of the biggest merchants processing on the Adyen platform, all with one overarching goal: limiting Adyen’s exposure to credit losses. Our&nbsp; team is highly motivated, extremely innovative, and thrives on shared success. As we operate globally, our team is part of an international team with diverse backgrounds and skill sets. Our ideal new team member has a proven track record of solving problems, is a great communicator with an affinity for technology and a passion for finance.</p>
<p><strong>What you’ll be doing</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>As Financial Risk Analyst on our Merchant Potential Liability team you will work closely with our very diverse merchant portfolio and perform in-depth credit assessments that include a deep-dive into the business model and financial health;</li>
<li>You will provide clear and concise credit risk recommendations to key partners, including commercial, legal, and second line teams;</li>
<li>You will support our merchants through their credit lifecycle at Adyen, keeping customer experience central;</li>
<li>You will keep control of credit portfolio health by tracking different sources of data in a scalable way;</li>
<li>You will be responsible for different credit risk procedures, where you take full ownership of the quality and timeliness of deliveries;</li>
<li>You will identify gaps in our policies and drive continuous improvements in our risk procedures;</li>
<li>You will share Adyen’s approach to credit risk management to merchants and commercial teams.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Who you are</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>You have between 3+ years of working experience in a financial risk environment and a keen interest in business and financial markets;</li>
<li>You are an excellent communicator, able to share ideas and collaborate with our merchants, other team members and colleagues across cultures and time zones;</li>
<li>You are innovative, with strong problem-solving capabilities and able to define efficient and effective processes and procedures;</li>
<li>You thrive in an evolving, fast-paced environment, challenging the status-quo with a&nbsp; ‘can-do’ mentality;</li>
<li>Payments or Fintech experience is not required, but you must be able to communicate your interest in this space;</li>
<li>Strong data and analytic skills, which you capitalize to improve our risk management framework such as experience in: SQL, Python, R is not required but considered a strong plus; and,</li>
<li>University degree preferred in business economics, statistics, finance or another quantitative field.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Our Diversity, Equity and Inclusion commitments&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Our unique approach is a product of our diverse perspectives. This diversity of backgrounds and cultures is essential in helping us maintain our momentum. Our business and technical challenges are unique, and we need as many different voices as possible to join us in solving them - voices like yours. No matter who you are or where you’re from, we welcome you to be your true self at Adyen.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Studies show that women and members of underrepresented communities apply for jobs only if they meet 100% of the qualifications. Does this sound like you? If so, Adyen encourages you to reconsider and apply. We look forward to your application!</span></p>
<p><strong>What’s next?</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Ensuring a smooth and enjoyable candidate experience is critical for us. We aim to get back to you regarding your application within 5 business days. Our interview process tends to take about 4 weeks to complete, but may fluctuate depending on the role. </span><a href="https://careers.adyen.com/how-we-hire"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Learn more about our hiring process here</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">. Don’t be afraid to let us know if you need more flexibility.</span></p>
<p>This role is based out of our Amsterdam office. We are an office-first company and value in-person collaboration; we do not offer remote-only roles.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>