<p>JetBrains makes industry-leading professional IDEs and team software. We are now seeking a Developer Advocate for the C/C++ ecosystem and our product, CLion. A successful candidate will blend their technical expertise, community engagement, and strategic collaboration to enhance our users’ experience and productivity.</p>
<p>You will explain how our products can credibly enhance developer productivity in the systems and embedded C/C++ space and advise our product teams based on industry trends and developer feedback. We are looking to hear from candidates who are experienced, passionate, empathetic, and ready to contribute to our roadmap.</p>
<p>We recognize that not everyone has every skill when starting a new role – the team will provide mentoring and guidance.</p>
<h2>In this role, you’ll:</h2>
<ul>
<li>Highlight and explain various aspects of our product portfolio via speaking, videos, blog posts, livestreams, sample code, and more. We’re especially looking for someone who can help us cover gaps with video materials.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Build and maintain relationships and reputation in the industry, with global and regional communities, and on social media.</li>
<li>Work with product teams to provide feedback.</li>
<li>Meet with customers to listen to them and educate them about our offerings.</li>
<li>Speak to the press on behalf of our product offerings.</li>
<li>Contribute as needed to other areas within JetBrains.</li>
</ul>
<h2>We’ll be happy to have you on our team if you have:</h2>
<ul>
<li>3+ years of experience with software engineering best practices, including testing, refactoring, version control, logging, tracing, and debugging.</li>
<li>Experience with C/C++ and its ecosystem.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Hands-on experience with embedded development and a desire to interact with others in this community.</li>
<li>A passion for applying various AI-enabled styles of software development.</li>
<li>Fluency in both spoken and written English.</li>
<li>Excellent communication skills, especially the ability to tell a compelling story about a given technology.</li>
<li>Self-organizing, goal-setting, and time-management skills.</li>
<li>The willingness to travel.</li>
</ul>
<h2>We’d be especially thrilled if you have:</h2>
<ul>
<li>Experience with JetBrains tools.</li>
<li>Experience in developer advocacy.</li>
<li>An established reputation in a development community.</li>
<li>Proficiency or experience with additional programming languages (Rust, Python, Java, Kotlin, etc.).</li>
<li>A background working in an environment with highly distributed, diverse teams.</li>
</ul>
<p>If you have a portfolio from speaking (conference recordings) and screencasts, please submit it with your application.</p>
<h2><strong>Why join JetBrains?</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Strong base salary. We offer competitive pay that reflects your skills and experience.</li>
<li>Flexible work location. Enjoy the freedom to work from home or from the office.</li>
<li>Remote work. Spend up to 30 days per year working remotely from abroad.</li>
<li>Extra time off. More days to relax, recharge, and do the things you love.</li>
<li>Medical insurance allowance. Enjoy peace of mind for you and your family.</li>
<li>Learning and development opportunities. Access to conferences, courses, and language classes.</li>
<li>Language classes. Pick up the local language or sharpen your English skills.</li>
<li>Fuel your day. Enjoy a hot meal or receive a lunch allowance on workdays.</li>
<li>Mental health support. To help you feel your best, we provide easy access to professional mental health services.</li>
<li>Sports benefit. Enjoy an on-site gym or sports club stipend.</li>
<li>Internal events. Join company-wide celebrations and team gatherings.</li>
<li>Relocation support. We help make your move as smooth and stress-free as possible.<br><br>\*Some benefits may vary depending on location.</li>
</ul>
<p><br><br><span style="color: rgb(255, 255, 255);">#LI-NP1</span></p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>We are an equal opportunity employer</strong><br><br>We know great ideas can come from anyone, anywhere. That’s why we do our best to create an open and inclusive workplace – one that welcomes everyone regardless of their background, identity, religion, age, accessibility needs, or orientation.</p>
<p><em data-stringify-type="italic">We process the data provided in your job application in accordance with the <a href="https://www.jetbrains.com/legal/docs/privacy/privacy-recruitment/">Recruitment Privacy Policy.</a></em></p></div>