<div class="content-intro"><p>At Braze, we have found our people. We’re a genuinely approachable, exceptionally kind, and intensely passionate crew.</p>
<p>We seek to ignite that passion by setting high standards, championing teamwork, and creating work-life harmony as we collectively navigate rapid growth on a global scale while striving for greater equity and opportunity – inside and outside our organization.</p>
<p>To flourish here, you must be prepared to set a high bar for yourself and those around you. There is always a way to contribute: Acting with autonomy, having accountability and being open to new perspectives are essential to our continued success.</p>
<p>Our deep curiosity to learn and our eagerness to share diverse passions with others gives us balance and injects a one-of-a-kind vibrancy into our culture.</p>
<p>If you are driven to solve exhilarating challenges and have a bias toward action in the face of change, you will be empowered to make a real impact here, with a sharp and passionate team at your back. If Braze sounds like a place where you can thrive, we can’t wait to meet you.</p></div><p><strong>WHAT YOU’LL DO</strong></p>
<p>Messaging is a complex, highly regulated landscape that varies by country and by channel and there will be an opportunity for the specialist to streamline the tools and processes to underpin our Messaging onboarding experience across channels such as SMS/MMS, RCS (RBM), WhatsApp, and, on occasion, Email. You will be responsible for provisioning messaging channels for customers, collaborating with a diverse cast across GTM teams, Product, Sales, RevOps, Growth, Alliances and our technology partners. You’ll also be involved in other strategic initiatives critical to scaling our fast-growing team. If you’re obsessed with problem solving, measuring success and surfacing opportunities through data, we want to meet you!</p>
<p><strong>Operational Excellence&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Configure our customers’ messaging channel capability, including sms code procurement, globally</li>
<li>Collaborate with our messaging aggregators to achieve timely delivery of codes and also manage code inventory to achieve setup target times.</li>
<li>Recurrent meetings with messaging aggregators to get latest updates on deliverability and marketing changes.</li>
<li>Be knowledgeable of market requirements for SMS and guide our customers and internal stakeholders through the setup process.</li>
<li>Work with Braze’s resellers and onboarding partners acting as the main point of contact for SMS provisioning.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Maintain and update documentation such as best practices, compliance and playbooks to support scalability.</li>
<li>Maintain and update country specific documentation to show differences in SMS deliverability globally and to provide expertise on this information internally.</li>
<li>Surface data, process&nbsp; and technology issues through identification, measurement and monitoring of our operations to the team.</li>
<li>Highlight any room for improvement within our existing workflows and where automation can benefit the team.</li>
<li>Possessing good communication skills and be comfortable having interaction with customers and internal stakeholders related to provisioning</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>WHO YOU ARE</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>You’re capable of learning quickly and mastering complicated systems and manual processes</li>
<li>Your attention to detail and accuracy is evident in all that you do; you possess a strong completer-finisher attitude</li>
<li>You’re empathetic and customer-centric&nbsp;</li>
<li>You’re process-oriented and enjoy the clarity of well documented processes and best practices that bring structure to chaos</li>
<li>You’re capable of working independently but also energized from working within a team and cross-functionally to help achieve the company's goals</li>
<li>You embrace automation and are committed to continuous improvement</li>
<li>You want to help our Support and Services teams build the path to scale</li>
<li>Great communication skills, able to work with, influence &amp; align with multiple stakeholders</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>WHAT YOU HAVE</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>1-3 years experience in an operational role or customer support role with a technical product, ideally in a SaaS, mobile or marketing automation oriented company</li>
<li>Familiarity working with SMS and email channels a plus&nbsp;&nbsp;</li>
<li>Excellent communication skills, able to work with, influence and align with multiple stakeholders</li>
<li>Excellent command of the English language</li>
<li>A desire to be hands-on in your daily work and drive accuracy through personal performance</li>
<li>A strong mindset of problem-solving with multiple operational tools</li>
<li>An understanding of the importance of analytical reporting to demonstrate progression towards your goals</li>
<li>Analytically driven with Excel expertise and SQL skills a plus</li>
<li>Bonus Points:</li>
<ul>
<li>Knowledge of the Braze ecosystem.</li>
<li>Experience with other tools like Looker, Slackbots, Salesforce, etc.&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><div class="p-rich\_text\_section">
<p><strong>WHAT WE OFFER<br></strong></p>
<p><em>Braze benefits vary by location, and we encourage you to review our specific benefits offerings for each country </em><a href="https://www.braze.com/company/careers/how-we-hire#benefit-section"><em>here</em></a><em>. More details on benefits plans will be provided if you receive an offer of employment.</em></p>
<p>From offering comprehensive benefits to fostering hybrid ways of working, we’ve got you covered so you can prioritize work-life harmony. Braze offers benefits such as:</p>
<ul>
<li>Competitive compensation that may include equity</li>
<li>Retirement and Employee Stock Purchase Plans</li>
<li>Flexible paid time off</li>
<li>Comprehensive benefit plans covering medical, dental, vision, life, and disability</li>
<li>Family services that include fertility benefits and equal paid parental leave</li>
<li>Professional development supported by formal career pathing, learning platforms, and a yearly learning stipend</li>
<li>A curated in-office employee experience, designed to foster community, team connections, and innovation</li>
<li>Opportunities to give back to your community, including an annual company-wide Volunteer Week and donation matching&nbsp;</li>
<li>Employee Resource Groups that provide supportive communities within Braze</li>
<li>Collaborative, transparent, and fun culture recognized as a Great Place to Work®</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>ABOUT BRAZE<br><br></strong>Braze is the leading customer engagement platform that empowers brands to Be Absolutely Engaging.™ Braze helps brands deliver great customer experiences that drive value both for consumers and for their businesses. Built on a foundation of composable intelligence, BrazeAI™ allows marketers to combine and activate AI agents, models, and features at every touchpoint throughout the Braze Customer Engagement Platform for smarter, faster, and more meaningful customer engagement. From cross-channel messaging and journey orchestration to Al-powered decisioning and optimization, Braze enables companies to turn action into interaction through autonomous, 1:1 personalized experiences.<br><br>The company has repeatedly been recognized as a Leader in marketing technology by industry analysts, and was voted a G2 “Best of Marketing and Digital Advertising Software Product” in 2025.<br><br>Braze was also named a 2025 Best Companies To Work For by U.S. News &amp; World Report, a 2025 America’s Greatest Companies by Newsweek, and a 2025 Fortune Best Workplace in Technology™ by Great Place To Work®, among other accolades. Braze is also proudly certified as a Great Place to Work® in the U.S., the UK, Australia, and Singapore.<br><br>The company is headquartered in New York with offices in Austin, Berlin, Bucharest, Chicago, Dubai, Jakarta, London, Paris, San Francisco, São Paulo, Singapore, Seoul, Sydney and Tokyo.</p>
<strong>BRAZE IS AN EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER</strong>
<p>At Braze, we strive to create equitable growth and opportunities inside and outside the organization.</p>
<p>Building meaningful connections is at the heart of everything we do, and that includes our recruiting practices. We're committed to offering all candidates a fair, accessible, and inclusive experience – regardless of age, color, disability, gender identity, marital status, maternity, national origin, pregnancy, race, religion, sex, sexual orientation, or status as a protected veteran. When applying and interviewing with Braze, we want you to feel comfortable showcasing what makes you <em>you</em>.</p>
<p>We know that sometimes different circumstances can lead talented people to hesitate to apply for a role unless they meet 100% of the criteria. If this sounds familiar, we encourage you to apply, as we’d love to meet you.</p>
<em>Please see our</em><a href="https://www.braze.com/company/legal/privacy-policy-job-candidates"><em> </em><em>Candidate Privacy Policy</em></a><em> for more information on how Braze processes your personal information during the recruitment process and, if applicable based on your location, how you can exercise any privacy rights.</em></div></div>