<h3><strong>Our Database Experience (DBX) Team</strong></h3>
<p>The Database Experience team builds the libraries and tools that developers use day-to-day working with MongoDB. Our mission is to increase developer adoption, satisfaction and retention by providing a reliable, enjoyable interface for developers and other end-users.</p>
<p>Our senior engineers are typically specialists in a particular programming language, but are capable of contributing to projects in other languages as well.</p>
<p>For this role, we're looking for someone who enjoys designing, writing, and supporting open source libraries for developers using MongoDB and who is passionate about increasing the use of MongoDB within the .NET/C# community. This is an opportunity to make a major strategic impact at MongoDB through the .NET ecosystem which garners almost half a million&nbsp;<a href="https://www.nuget.org/packages/mongodb.driver">daily downloads</a>.</p>
<h3><strong>You might be right for this role if you…</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Advocate for testing and agile development best practices</li>
<li>Can make pragmatic design tradeoffs while balancing features, maintainability, and delivery time</li>
<li>Are fascinated by, and have experience working with concurrency, parallelism and distributed systems</li>
<li>Communicate well, internally and externally, both in writing and face-to-face</li>
<li>Enjoy collaborating with and elevate the skills and expertise of those around you</li>
<li>Are excited about open source software development and communities</li>
<li>Are excited by <a href="https://www.mongodb.com/company">our mission and values</a></li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>For this role you must have…</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Have 5+ years of experience writing high-quality software</li>
<li>Have substantial, demonstrable experience writing high-quality software in C#</li>
<li>Proficiency in data structures, algorithms, networking, and concurrent programming</li>
<li>Experience with databases, relational or non-relational</li>
<li>Good written and spoken English communication skills</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>It helps if you have…</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Experience contributing to open source projects</li>
<li>Familiarity with the latest .NET frameworks and modern .NET paradigms such as ASP.NET Core, .NET Aspire, Native AOT, source generators, spans/memory</li>
<li>Experience working with MongoDB and the document model</li>
<li>A diversity of experience writing tests for the software you developed (unit, integration, end to end, performance, etc)</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>You'll be on a team responsible for…</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li><a href="https://github.com/mongodb/mongo-csharp-driver">.NET/C# Driver for MongoDB</a></li>
<li><a href="https://github.com/mongodb/mongo-efcore-provider">MongoDB Entity Framework Provider</a></li>
<li><a href="https://github.com/mongodb/mongo-aspnetcore-odata">MongoDB OData integration</a></li>
<li><a href="https://github.com/mongodb/mongo-csharp-analyzer">MongoDB Analyzer</a></li>
<li>Contributions to the third-party open source libraries that we depend on</li>
<li>Testing, delivering, and supporting our libraries and tools across multiple operating systems and versions of MongoDB</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>You'll have responsibilities beyond just code, including…</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Working with our Product and Server teams on designs and specifications for new customer-facing MongoDB features</li>
<li>Investigating bugs and support requests from commercial and open source customers for the libraries we maintain</li>
<li>Seeking out speaking or writing opportunities to engage with our developer community</li>
<li>Mentoring junior engineers in both technical and non-technical professional skills</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>Success in this role means…</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Within one month, you will understand the high-level architecture of the driver and how MongoDB works, and will have completed a few small bug fixes and/or feature tickets</li>
<li>Within three months, you will contribute effectively day-to-day, fix bugs, implement planned features, and thoroughly review your colleagues’ pull requests</li>
<li>Within six months, you will contribute to the roadmap for our products and lead the design and specification of new features. You will have the trust of the team and our internal customers</li>
<li>Within a year, you will have significantly improved the quality, performance and maintainability of our codebase, and will be taking the lead in designing and specifying major new features</li>
</ul>
<h3>About MongoDB</h3>
<p>MongoDB is built for change, empowering our customers and our people to innovate at the speed of the market. We have redefined the database for the AI era, enabling innovators to create, transform, and disrupt industries with software. MongoDB’s unified database platform, the most widely available, globally distributed database on the market, helps organizations modernize legacy workloads, embrace innovation, and unleash AI. Our cloud-native platform, MongoDB Atlas, is the only globally distributed, multi-cloud database and is available across AWS, Google Cloud, and Microsoft Azure.</p>
<p>With offices worldwide and over 60,000 customers, including 75% of the Fortune 100 and AI-native startups, relying on MongoDB for their most important applications, we’re powering the next era of software.</p>
<p>Our compass at MongoDB is our <a href="https://www.mongodb.com/company">Leadership Commitment,</a> guiding how and why we make decisions, show up for each other, and win. It’s what makes us MongoDB.&nbsp;</p>
<p>To drive the personal growth and business impact of our employees, we’re committed to developing a supportive and enriching culture for everyone. <a href="https://www.mongodb.com/company/blog/culture/employee-benefits-that-make-a-difference-at-mongodb">From employee affinity groups, to fertility assistance and a generous parental leave policy</a>, we value our employees’ wellbeing and want to support them along every step of their professional and personal journeys.<a href="https://www.mongodb.com/blog/channel/culture"> Learn more about what it’s like to work at MongoDB</a>, and help us make an impact on the world!</p>
<p>MongoDB is committed to providing any necessary accommodations for individuals with disabilities within our application and interview process. To request an accommodation due to a disability, please inform your recruiter.</p>
<p>MongoDB, Inc. provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any type and makes all hiring decisions without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws.</p>
<p>REQ ID: 1273369482</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p><div class="content-pay-transparency"><div class="pay-input"><div class="description"><p>MongoDB’s base salary range for this role is posted below. Compensation at the time of offer is unique to each candidate and based on a variety of factors such as skill set, experience, qualifications, and work location. Salary is one part of MongoDB’s total compensation and benefits package. Other benefits for eligible employees may include: equity, participation in the employee stock purchase program, flexible paid time off, 20 weeks fully-paid gender-neutral parental leave, fertility and adoption assistance, 401(k) plan, mental health counseling, access to transgender-inclusive health insurance coverage, and health benefits offerings. Please note, the base salary range listed below and the benefits in this paragraph are only applicable to U.S.-based candidates.</p></div><div class="title">MongoDB’s base salary range for this role in the U.S. is:</div><div class="pay-range"><span>$144,000</span><span class="divider">&mdash;</span><span>$248,000 USD</span></div></div></div>