<p><strong>About Swayable:</strong></p>
<p>Swayable is a fast-growing AI and automated data science platform that measures public opinion and the impact of messages and advertising content on it. We are a 40-person team backed by top technology and social impact investors, including Y Combinator. Founded in 2018 by physics PhDs, it is led by the former Executive Director for Digital Strategy at the New York Times. Clients include major consumer-facing brands (American Express, Airbnb, Paramount Pictures), technology companies (Anthropic, Meta, Amazon), academic researchers (MIT, Yale, Stanford) and mission-aligned civic advocacy campaigns (e.g. on climate, human rights and elections).</p>
<p>Joining Swayable means being on a team whose work changes the course of history. The technology we develop is at the leading edge of transforming some of the world’s most important campaign organizations and enterprises: combatting disinformation, protecting democracy, and supporting the sustainable growth of consumer-facing brands. Check our our values &amp; culture deck to learn more: <a href="https://tinyurl.com/4zjchwzs">https://tinyurl.com/4zjchwzs</a></p>
<p><strong>About The Role:</strong></p>
<p>This is a uniquely exciting opportunity to tackle critical unsolved problems in public opinion research and causal modeling. As a Research Data Scientist (reporting to the Director of Data Science), you’ll have the infrastructure and talent around you to turn results into new discoveries, prototypes and features that deliver insights to the world's most important organizations.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>What You’ll Do:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Conduct data science research to push our experimental methodologies to the bleeding edge of social science</li>
<li>Develop robust tools to uncover insights in experimental data&nbsp;</li>
<li>Prototype data science improvements to core platform features</li>
<li>Communicate the results of data science investigations to both internal and&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Who You Are:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Fluency in the python data science stack</li>
<li>Expertise in statistical, analytical, and data science methods</li>
<li>Excellent communication and data visualization skills</li>
<li>Ability to work independently, prioritizing multiple important tasks/deadlines</li>
<li>A keen eye for the 20% of effort that delivers 80% of the results</li>
<li>Being a flexible team player whose values align with ours</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Preferred Qualifications:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Experience writing and reviewing production-quality python code.</li>
<li>Experience working in a fast-moving startup environment</li>
<li>Experience interacting with MongoDB databases</li>
<li>Bachelors/Masters/PhD in data science, statistics, physics, mathematics, bioinformatics, computer science, or a related quantitative field.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Benefits</strong>:</p>
<ul>
<li>100% Medical, Dental &amp; Vision Plans - no employee contribution required</li>
<li>Generous PTO</li>
<li>Equity Options</li>
<li>401k plan, FSA</li>
<li>Ongoing professional development investments</li>
<li>Salary: $125-$165k, dependent on experience and location</li>
</ul>
<p>Swayable is an equal opportunity employer. We strive to promote an organizational environment that values diversity and fosters growth. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, status as a protected veteran, or any other basis prohibited by law. The team especially encourages applicants from underrepresented backgrounds.</p>