Founded in 2013, Voodoo is a tech company that creates mobile games and apps with a mission to entertain the world. Gathering 800 employees, 7 billion downloads, and over 200 million active users, Voodoo is the #3 mobile publisher worldwide in terms of downloads after Google and Meta. Our portfolio includes chart-topping games like Mob Control and Block Jam, alongside popular apps such as BeReal and Wizz.

Full remote is accepted within the CET timezone.

**Team**

Our Gaming team is made up of hybrid-casual, casual, and mid-core experts. Our 'Core' games team supports internal and external studios worldwide in creating, developing, and launching new hit games, whilst our 'Live' games team focuses on delivering higher engagement on our existing and successful games.

Joining our Live games team means collaborating with gaming industry experts on globally renowned, enduring games while embracing exciting new entrepreneurial ventures. With over seven billion downloads worldwide and a portfolio of more than 10 resilient hybrid games generating more than $20m per year, we are the world's largest and most successful hybrid publisher.

You will be joining one of our Live Studios, working on [Paper.io](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=io.voodoo.paper2&hl=en_GB) 2.

With [Paper.io](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=io.voodoo.paper2&hl=en_GB) 2, we’re building an iconic game that players will never forget!

We're a small team of excellent people who take care of everything from ideas to testing, and we intend to grow while maintaining our high standards.

## Role

- The goal of this role is to increase the economy and monetization depth, providing a long term vision.
- Continuously analyze in-game data to identify opportunities for optimizing and growing game economies
- Create and maintain models of in-game economies, considering player progression, currency flow, and reward systems.
- Deliver designs of A/B tests to experiment with different economic models and features, analyzing results to implement the most effective solutions; Monitor test performance and iterate on strategies based on data-driven insights.
- Drive close collaboration with Game Designers, Developers, and Analysts to align economic strategies with game design goals and clear KPIs that prove success.
- Ensure that game economy models are scalable and adaptable to new game features or changes in player behavior.
- Regularly present findings and recommendations to stakeholders, including the General Manager and Game Designers, to drive informed decision-making.
- Stay up-to-date with industry trends and competitor strategies in midcore games to identify opportunities for innovation and differentiation.
- Apply industry best practices and learnings to enhance game monetization and player experiences.

## Profile

- 5+ years of experience with top-notch mobile games, focusing on Economy & Monetization
- Experience working on mobile games and f2p, experience creating economy and monetization loops, and maintaining their balancing.
- Strong mathematical or economic background, fluency in economic modelling and Excel/Google Sheets/relevant toolset.
- Clear communication skills in English, both written and verbal; Clear and concise.
- Entrepreneurial mindset essential.

## Benefits

- Best-in-class compensation
- Other benefits according to the country you reside