<h2>Who we are</h2>
<h3>About Stripe</h3>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies—from the world’s largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyone’s reach while doing the most important work of your career.</span></p>
<h3>About the team</h3>
<p>The Support Experience team develops and applies technology at all points of the user support journey to solve customer problems at scale, unlocking growth across Stripe’s product suite.</p>
<h2>What you’ll do</h2>
<p>As a Product Manager on the Support Experience PM team, you’ll be responsible for defining the strategy for Consumer Support - solve problems for a fast growing segment at Stripe. You’ll need to tackle this space from multiple angles, from motivating product teams at Stripe to understand and improve product quality, to building systems that allow for repeatable problem solving by both users and our support team. You’ll need to create observability across inbound and outbound volume to find the high impact drivers of poor experiences; and build the flywheels that will leverage our internal and external systems to continuously improve how problems are resolved and products are built.</p>
<h3>Responsibilities</h3>
<ul>
<li>Drive significant increases in product quality across the company leveraging support data</li>
<li>Build the flywheels for improving support outcomes and enabling users to self-solve issues by creating scalable knowledge and workflow strategies</li>
<li>Partner closely with Product Managers for the Self-Serve and Agent Platforms to define and instrument user journeys across our products so we can understand how success differs by journey and where we should invest</li>
<li>Define the data strategy for delivering an effective and efficient support experience</li>
<li>Create a platform that can be leveraged across the support journey to turbocharge users and support agents’ ability to solve problems directly and reliably</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Who you are</strong></h2>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.</span></p>
<h3>Minimum requirements</h3>
<p>Our ideal Product Manager will be relentlessly user-focused, comfortable in ambiguity, have strong technical skills, and the desire to create something new.</p>
<ul>
<li>5+ years of relevant product management experience</li>
<li>Computer Science background or equivalent technical skills</li>
<li>Strong analytical abilities and experience with metrics</li>
<li>An ability to craft a vision and strategy and drive the roadmap toward it</li>
<li>A deep empathy for users</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>Preferred qualifications</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Software engineering experience, a computer science or engineering degree, or similar technical experience</span></li>
</ul>