<div class="content-intro"><h2><span data-sheets-root="1">About Wolt</span></h2>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">At Wolt, we create technology that brings joy, simplicity and earnings to the neighborhoods of the world. In 2014 we started with delivery of restaurant food. Now we’re building the delivery of (almost) everything and you’ll find us in over 500 cities in 30 countries around the world. In 2022 we joined forces with DoorDash and together we keep on dreaming big and expanding across the globe.<br><br>Working at Wolt isn’t always easy, but it’s definitely exciting. Here you’ll learn more, build more, and ship more than in most other companies. You’ll be challenged a lot, but also have a lot of fun on the way. So, if you’re a self-starter with drive and entrepreneurial spirit, this could be the ride of your life.</span></p></div><p>We’re looking for an experienced Software Engineer join our Go initative within the Merchant Group at Wolt! If you have a strong track record of building and maintaining scalable, production-grade systems you like to drive impact at scale and mentor juniors and peers - this is the place for you!</p>
<h2><strong>Who We Are</strong></h2>
<p>The Merchant Group consists of 150+ engineers across 25+ cross-functional teams, working together to help merchants grow their businesses and streamline operations through innovative technology. Some of us focus on building seamless experiences for our merchants, while others work on the behind-the-scenes magic that makes everything run smoothly.</p>
<h2><strong>What You’ll Do</strong></h2>
<p>As a senior engineer in our group, you’ll work your magic in Go or Kotlin (and some Kotlin) helping shape how merchants succeed with Wolt. You’ll have opportunities to:</p>
<ul>
<li>Design, build, and scale reliable systems that power merchant experiences.</li>
<li>Work across the full development lifecycle – from business logic and testing to cloud infrastructure and data streaming.</li>
<li>Collaborate on architecture and technology choices that keep our systems simple, scalable, and efficient.</li>
<li>Grow your skills and knowledge by working alongside experienced teammates in an environment that values learning and experimentation.</li>
</ul>
<h2>How We Work</h2>
<ul>
<li>Autonomy &amp; Ownership – Our engineers have end-to-end responsibility for their services, from implementation to production.</li>
<li>Collaboration – Architecture and working methods are defined together, ensuring we make the best choices for long-term success.</li>
<li>Scalability &amp; Simplicity – We value pragmatic solutions that keep our systems robust without unnecessary complexity. We use technologies that serve Wolt, our teams, and our engineers best. You’ll have the freedom to experiment and adopt the tools that work.</li>
</ul>
<h2>Our Tech Stack</h2>
<p>Our core technologies include Go, as well as Kotlin (Ktor, Koin, Spring, gRPC), PostgreSQL, MongoDB, Kafka, Redis, GitHub Actions, AWS, Docker, and Kubernetes.</p>
<h2>Why Join Us?</h2>
<p>Wolt is a place where you can learn, teach, and grow. If you’re passionate about building great technology and working in an environment that values teamwork and autonomy, we’d love to hear from you!<br>📍This open role are based in our tech hubs in Helsinki or Stockholm. We work in distributed teams, but might not be able to offer fully remote work or relocation.</p>
<h2>Our humble expectations</h2>
<p>We’re seeking an experienced Software Engineer, so we expect that you:</p>
<ul>
<li>Not only understand customer problems but can break them down into actionable steps for both yourself and the team. You balance short-term needs with long-term goals, creating high-quality, scalable solutions.</li>
<li>Lead by example, setting high standards for work quality and managing projects effectively, even in uncertain situations. You take full ownership of your team’s work, making improvements that benefit both customers and colleagues. You regularly spot gaps and provide valuable recommendations to cross-functional partners.</li>
<li>Are used to being a role model and informal leader, collaborating with partner teams and mentoring both juniors and peers.</li>
<li>Are an excellent communicator, being succint and to the point.&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<h2>Next steps</h2>
<p>We are continuously reviewing applications, so don’t hesitate to apply today - you will hear back from us as soon as possible.<br>You can read more about our recruitment process<a href="https://careers.wolt.com/en/how-we-hire"> here</a>.</p>
<p><iframe src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/Ncz4s\_oBczc" width="560" height="314"></iframe></p><div class="content-conclusion"><h2><span data-sheets-root="1">Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion</span></h2>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">We’re committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. That’s why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.</span></p></div>