<div class="content-intro"><p>At Braze, we have found our people. We’re a genuinely approachable, exceptionally kind, and intensely passionate crew.</p>
<p>We seek to ignite that passion by setting high standards, championing teamwork, and creating work-life harmony as we collectively navigate rapid growth on a global scale while striving for greater equity and opportunity – inside and outside our organization.</p>
<p>To flourish here, you must be prepared to set a high bar for yourself and those around you. There is always a way to contribute: Acting with autonomy, having accountability and being open to new perspectives are essential to our continued success.</p>
<p>Our deep curiosity to learn and our eagerness to share diverse passions with others gives us balance and injects a one-of-a-kind vibrancy into our culture.</p>
<p>If you are driven to solve exhilarating challenges and have a bias toward action in the face of change, you will be empowered to make a real impact here, with a sharp and passionate team at your back. If Braze sounds like a place where you can thrive, we can’t wait to meet you.</p></div><p><strong>WHAT YOU'LL DO</strong></p>
<p>As an Account Executive on our Emerging Enterprise General Business team, you will manage the full sales cycle from prospecting to close. Your portfolio will include both prospective and existing customers within Braze’s Emerging Enterprise segment, defined as companies with between 1,000 and 2,000 employees. Braze’s “General Business” segment is composed of companies that fall within several verticals, including Quick Service Restaurants (QSR), Health &amp; Life Sciences, Travel &amp; Hospitality, and Technology, among others.</p>
<p>This role is designed for a SaaS Sales professional with a proven track record in generating new business and strong prospecting and business development skills. Ideal candidates will have 5+ years of experience selling SaaS solutions to enterprise clients, with typical deal sizes ranging from $200K to $1M+ per year. Additionally, candidates should possess at least 5 years of overall industry experience.</p>
<p>We are particularly interested in individuals who have worked with enterprise companies and understand the dynamic culture of a smaller enterprise sales organization. Experience selling solutions that engage stakeholders across IT and business departments is highly valued. Familiarity with analytics, CRM, marketing automation, digital media publishing, or content marketing solutions would be an excellent fit.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>WHO YOU ARE</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Background in Enterprise Sales for Marketing Technology preferred.</li>
<li>Excellent verbal, written, and presentation skills, including the ability to effectively storytell.</li>
<li>Strong ability to generate demand through outbound prospecting efforts and collaboration with internal teams, such as business development, marketing, and technology &amp; agency partners.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Demonstrated success in navigating large organizations, with the ability to quickly identify key decision-makers and understand their buying processes for substantial SaaS investments.</li>
<li>Manage a customer portfolio of 12 - 15 accounts, proactively identifying expansion opportunities and churn risks, collaborating closely with internal customer success, product, and technology teams.&nbsp;</li>
<li>A proven track record of forecasting accuracy, including operational rigor in ensuring forecasts and opportunity details are kept up to date on a regular basis.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Exemplify operational excellence and organization, including but not limited to: keeping internal stakeholders appropriately informed on deal progress via Slack updates and/or internal notes documents; leading productive deal reviews; keeping MEDDPICC scorecards updated regularly.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Experience with Salesforce.com CRM or other CRM systems is required to manage sales pipelines. Ability to quickly adapt to new cloud applications and tools.</li>
<li>Knowledge of the MEDDPICC framework; Command of the Message experience a plus.</li>
<li>A proven ability to lead and strategically manage a group of internal cross-functional stakeholders as part of a complex sales motion (Solutions Consulting, executive alignment, Value Consulting, Customer Success, etc.)</li>
<li>Awareness of current trends in the digital and application industries.</li>
<li>Positive contributor to the team and broader Braze culture through active participation, engagement, and adding value in order to uplevel those around you.</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><div class="p-rich\_text\_section">
<p><strong>WHAT WE OFFER<br></strong></p>
<p><em>Braze benefits vary by location, and we encourage you to review our specific benefits offerings for each country </em><a href="https://www.braze.com/company/careers/how-we-hire#benefit-section"><em>here</em></a><em>. More details on benefits plans will be provided if you receive an offer of employment.</em></p>
<p>From offering comprehensive benefits to fostering hybrid ways of working, we’ve got you covered so you can prioritize work-life harmony. Braze offers benefits such as:</p>
<ul>
<li>Competitive compensation that may include equity</li>
<li>Retirement and Employee Stock Purchase Plans</li>
<li>Flexible paid time off</li>
<li>Comprehensive benefit plans covering medical, dental, vision, life, and disability</li>
<li>Family services that include fertility benefits and equal paid parental leave</li>
<li>Professional development supported by formal career pathing, learning platforms, and a yearly learning stipend</li>
<li>A curated in-office employee experience, designed to foster community, team connections, and innovation</li>
<li>Opportunities to give back to your community, including an annual company-wide Volunteer Week and donation matching&nbsp;</li>
<li>Employee Resource Groups that provide supportive communities within Braze</li>
<li>Collaborative, transparent, and fun culture recognized as a Great Place to Work®</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>ABOUT BRAZE<br><br></strong>Braze is the leading customer engagement platform that empowers brands to Be Absolutely Engaging.™ Braze helps brands deliver great customer experiences that drive value both for consumers and for their businesses. Built on a foundation of composable intelligence, BrazeAI™ allows marketers to combine and activate AI agents, models, and features at every touchpoint throughout the Braze Customer Engagement Platform for smarter, faster, and more meaningful customer engagement. From cross-channel messaging and journey orchestration to Al-powered decisioning and optimization, Braze enables companies to turn action into interaction through autonomous, 1:1 personalized experiences.<br><br>The company has repeatedly been recognized as a Leader in marketing technology by industry analysts, and was voted a G2 “Best of Marketing and Digital Advertising Software Product” in 2025.<br><br>Braze was also named a 2025 Best Companies To Work For by U.S. News &amp; World Report, a 2025 America’s Greatest Companies by Newsweek, and a 2025 Fortune Best Workplace in Technology™ by Great Place To Work®, among other accolades. Braze is also proudly certified as a Great Place to Work® in the U.S., the UK, Australia, and Singapore.<br><br>The company is headquartered in New York with offices in Austin, Berlin, Bucharest, Chicago, Dubai, Jakarta, London, Paris, San Francisco, São Paulo, Singapore, Seoul, Sydney and Tokyo.</p>
<strong>BRAZE IS AN EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER</strong>
<p>At Braze, we strive to create equitable growth and opportunities inside and outside the organization.</p>
<p>Building meaningful connections is at the heart of everything we do, and that includes our recruiting practices. We're committed to offering all candidates a fair, accessible, and inclusive experience – regardless of age, color, disability, gender identity, marital status, maternity, national origin, pregnancy, race, religion, sex, sexual orientation, or status as a protected veteran. When applying and interviewing with Braze, we want you to feel comfortable showcasing what makes you <em>you</em>.</p>
<p>We know that sometimes different circumstances can lead talented people to hesitate to apply for a role unless they meet 100% of the criteria. If this sounds familiar, we encourage you to apply, as we’d love to meet you.</p>
<em>Please see our</em><a href="https://www.braze.com/company/legal/privacy-policy-job-candidates"><em> </em><em>Candidate Privacy Policy</em></a><em> for more information on how Braze processes your personal information during the recruitment process and, if applicable based on your location, how you can exercise any privacy rights.</em></div></div>