<p><strong>About Us: Groww Mutual Fund</strong></p>
<p><strong>Who We Are:</strong></p>
<p>Groww Mutual Fund, previously known as Indiabulls Mutual Fund, offers mutual fund schemes designed to suit the various needs and objectives of its investors. We are anchored by principles of simplicity, transparency, long-term wealth creation, and unwavering focus on our customers. Our fund takes pride in identifying investment avenues that combine promising growth potential with solid fundamentals.</p>
<p>With the robust backing of Groww Invest-Tech Private Limited (formerly known as Nextbillion Technology Private Limited), our portfolio brims with a diverse range of schemes, from equity funds and hybrid funds to debt funds.</p>
<p><strong>Our Mission:</strong></p>
<p>Our foremost mission is to create steady, long-term wealth for our investors. We are relentlessly dedicated to unearthing promising opportunities and meticulously designing innovative schemes that enable our investors to harness these wealth-building potentials.</p>
<p><strong>What We Stand For:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Simplicity and Transparency: We ensure our communication about the fundʼs performance, strategy, goals, and challenges is jargon-free. Our commitment is 100% clarity, empowering investors to make informed decisions.</li>
<li>Focus on Consistent Wealth Creation: Consistency over intensity. Our precision lies in selecting securities that consistently compound returns, paving the way for investors to realize their financial aspirations.</li>
<li>Customer Centricity: From tailored products that align with your financial objectives, to resources that inform your decisions, to the unwavering support that underscores our care — you remain the cornerstone of our endeavors.</li>
<li>Innovation at the Forefront: We constantly strive to redefine the landscape of wealth management through our innovative schemes, catering to varying risk levels, time horizons, and liquidity scales.</li>
</ul>
<p>Our team is a tapestry of passion, commitment, and innovation. Every member of the Groww Mutual Fund family is instilled with a sense of ownership, a customer-first mindset, unwavering integrity, and a thirst to challenge the established norms.</p>
<p>If you're inspired by the idea of redefining conventions and making a lasting impact, you might just be the addition we're seeking.</p>
<p>Together, let's shape the future of wealth management in India.</p>
<p><strong>About the role:</strong></p>
<p>In this role, you will provide objective investment research to the fund management team and help them make informed investment decisions. Candidates should have a solid foundation in BFSI sector as well as analytical skills to understand emerging trends and sectors. Effective team members with high ethical integrity are a must, and candidates with the ability to scale up their skill set to become future fund managers are preferred.</p>
<p><strong>Responsibilities</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Create and maintain earnings, valuation, and industrial models for the BFSI Sector.</li>
<li>Analyze data to identify emerging opportunities and risks.</li>
<li>Identify actionable investment ideas. Help the team to create alpha by providing timely buy/sell recommendations.</li>
<li>Maintain proper documentation and constant coverage of industry-related news, trends, and developments. Disseminate your&nbsp;insight to the team on a timely basis.</li>
<li>Devise and perform your primary research methods, keeping abreast of trends and sentiment in their sectors and markets.</li>
<li>Should be an executioner, team player, and self-starter.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Expertise and Qualification</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Masterʼs degree in finance, economics/ CA.</li>
<li>2-5 years of relevant experience.</li>
<li>In-depth understanding of sectors covered. In addition, a deep understanding of fundamental analysis, financial modeling, and valuation.</li>
<li>CA/FRM/CFA/MBA is a plus.</li>
</ul>