<div class="content-intro"><p>We are a global team of innovators and pioneers dedicated to shaping the future of observability. At New Relic, we build an intelligent platform that empowers companies to thrive in an AI-first world by giving them unparalleled insight into their complex systems. As we continue to expand our global footprint, we're looking for passionate people to join our mission. If you're ready to help the world's best companies optimize their digital applications, we invite you to explore a career with us!</p></div><p style="line-height: 1.2;"><strong>Your opportunity:<br></strong></p>
<p>As our Lead Compliance analyst, you’ll be part of the team leading the compliance, filings, surveys, insurance and audit requirements of all the international subsidiary entities of New Relic. You’ll work to&nbsp; help develop and strengthen collaborative relationships with colleagues in functions like accounting, tax, payroll, HR and legal teams. You’ll help to oversee statutory reporting, audits, and filings. This role will report to the Manager, Compliance.</p>
<p>The ability to ensure timely completion of audits and filings to the statutory authorities across all the various countries is critical to this role. You’ll also be our primary liaison with all non accounting departments towards ensuring accurate filings are done timely.&nbsp; Another important aspect of this role is managing and handling all company insurance renewals and surveys.</p>
<p><strong>What you’ll do:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Contribute to the planning, direction, and coordination of the compliance and statutory reporting calendars across the various countries primarily in EMEA and APAC regions</li>
<li>Work closely with accounting, tax and legal teams to ensure audit and non audit filing related PBCs are informed to them, gathered, reviewed and submitted timely to auditors or to the respective filing authorities</li>
<li>Own the process of coordinating with various audit teams and external compliance agencies, and ensure accountability of both internal and external stakeholders</li>
<li>Support the preparation of of entity financial statements if done in-house, or coordinate with external consultants to ensure accurate and timely preparation of the same</li>
<li>Follow up timely with in house accounting teams for all required schedules and supporting documents for the audits/filings</li>
<li>Own resolution of accounting questions/issues that arise during the various audit reviews</li>
<li>Ensure tax and legal teams are tracked to submit initial and all follow up PBC queries&nbsp;</li>
<li>Handle the submission of all company level surveys by meaningfully coordinating with various teams to gather and collate the date for the same</li>
<li>Ensure company insurance policies are renewed timely by working with various teams in legal, HR and accounting to gather data for the same and have the premium paid out timely</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>This role requires:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Professional accounting degree viz CA / CPA is a plus</li>
<li>Bachelor's degree in Accounting or Finance</li>
<li>Experience in handling audits and statutory filings across entities in EMEA and APAC regions in prior roles</li>
<li>Great interpersonal skills and communication skills to lead and influence various teams to work closely to achieve compliance needs</li>
<li>5+ years of progressive experience in accounting leadership roles at some combination of public companies, late-stage startups, and/or public accounting firms&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;</li>
<li>Hands on experience with NetSuite or equivalent ERP, Coupa, Workday, Concur, Workiva, Xactly, and Blackline&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;</li>
<li>Strong analytical and solid technical accounting skills, including ability to independently analyze transactions and contracts and document&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;</li>
<li>Ability to work cross-functionally&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;</li>
<li>Ability to both see the big picture and dive into the details&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Bonus points if you have:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Experience working with an accounting organization of similar size</li>
<li>Experience in a managing accounting in SaaS product business</li>
<li>Experience working in large sized audit firms</li>
</ul>
<p>Please note that visa sponsorship is not available for this position.</p>
<section class="account-page\_\_wrapper page-layout page-layout--primary-panel-workspace page-layout--xxlarge" data-test-settings-wrapper="" data-test-page-layout="">
<div class="page-layout\_\_grid-container">
<div class="page-layout\_\_workspace" data-test-page-layout-workspace="">
<div class="account-page-workspace-content" data-test-account-page-workspace="" data-artdeco-is-focused="true">
<div class="setting-container">
<div class="setting-group" data-test-promotion-settings-page="">
<div class="setting-group\_\_list">
<div class="ember-view setting-group-item promotion-settings-page\_\_item" data-test-selector="setting-group-item">
<div class="setting-item-core\_\_grid-container" data-test-setting-item="form-closed" data-test-promotion-tag-setting="" data-live-test-promotion-tag-setting="" data-live-test-setting-item="">
<div class="setting-item-core\_\_right-pane">
<div class="ember-view setting-item-core\_\_state t-14 t-black--light" data-test-selector="setting-item-core-state" data-test-promotion-tag-setting-state="">#LI-TP1</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</section>
<section class=""></section>
<div id="ember390" class="ember-view messaging-side-panel\_\_overlay"></div><div class="content-conclusion"><p>Fostering a diverse, welcoming and inclusive environment is important to us. We work hard to make everyone feel comfortable bringing their best, most authentic selves to work every day. We celebrate our talented Relics’ different backgrounds and abilities, and recognize the different paths they took to reach us – including nontraditional ones. Their experiences and perspectives inspire us to make our products and company the best they can be. We’re looking for people who feel connected to our mission and values, not just candidates who check off all the boxes.&nbsp;</p>
<p>If you require a reasonable accommodation to complete any part of the application or recruiting process, please reach out to <a href="mailto:resume@newrelic.com" target="\_blank">resume@newrelic.com</a>.</p>
<p>We believe in empowering all Relics to achieve professional and business success through a flexible workforce model. This model allows us to work in a variety of workplaces that best support our success, including fully office-based, fully remote, or hybrid.</p>
<p><strong>Our hiring process</strong><br><br>In compliance with applicable law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work and to complete employment eligibility verification. Note: Our stewardship of the data of thousands of customers means that a criminal background check is required to join New Relic.<br><br>We will consider qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records based on individual circumstances and in accordance with applicable law including, but not limited to, the&nbsp;<a href="https://sfgov.org/olse/sites/default/files/FCO%20poster2020.pdf" target="\_blank">San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance</a>.<br><br>Headhunters and recruitment agencies may not submit resumes/CVs through this website or directly to managers. New Relic does not accept unsolicited headhunter and agency resumes, and will not pay fees to any third-party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with New Relic.</p>
<p>New Relic develops and distributes encryption software and technology that complies with U.S. export controls and licensing requirements. Certain New Relic roles require candidates to pass an export compliance assessment as a condition of employment in any global location. If relevant, we will provide more information later in the application process.</p>
<p>Candidates are evaluated based on qualifications, regardless of race, religion, ethnicity, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender expression or identity, age, disability, neurodiversity, veteran or marital status, political viewpoint, or other legally protected characteristics.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Review our Applicant Privacy Notice at&nbsp;<a href="https://newrelic.com/termsandconditions/applicant-privacy-policy" target="\_blank">https://newrelic.com/termsandconditions/applicant-privacy-policy</a></p></div>