<div class="content-intro"><h2><span data-sheets-root="1">About Wolt</span></h2>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">At Wolt, we create technology that brings joy, simplicity and earnings to the neighborhoods of the world. In 2014 we started with delivery of restaurant food. Now we’re building the delivery of (almost) everything and you’ll find us in over 500 cities in 30 countries around the world. In 2022 we joined forces with DoorDash and together we keep on dreaming big and expanding across the globe.<br><br>Working at Wolt isn’t always easy, but it’s definitely exciting. Here you’ll learn more, build more, and ship more than in most other companies. You’ll be challenged a lot, but also have a lot of fun on the way. So, if you’re a self-starter with drive and entrepreneurial spirit, this could be the ride of your life.</span></p></div><p>The Client Platform Engineering team is responsible for configuration, management and automation of macOS, iOS, Windows, ChromeOS and Android endpoints to help DoorDash, Deliveroo and Wolt employees and merchants do their best work. CPE is a global team with members in the United States, United Kingdom and Finland.</p>
<h2>What you’ll be doing</h2>
<p>We are looking for a Senior Client Platform Engineer in Finland who values responsibility and accountability for the management of corporate and merchant endpoints globally. Our growing environment is predominantly macOS (corporate) and Android (merchant) but includes a mix of other operating systems. You will report to the Manager, Client Platform Engineering on our Corporate Infrastructure team in the Global IT organization.</p>
<h3><strong>Day-to-day in this role you’ll:</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Support timely, technical solutions to scale endpoint management</li>
<li>Look for opportunities for automation to mitigate manual processes</li>
<li>Manage Android and iPadOS tablets in the merchant fleet</li>
<li>Manage macOS and ChromeOS laptops in the corporate fleet</li>
<li>Stay current with industry trends and best practices</li>
<li>Work closely with cross-functional teams to develop processes and ideas</li>
</ul>
<h2>Our humble expectations</h2>
<ul>
<li>You have 3+ years experience administering an Enterprise MDM/EMM/UEM platform (Mosyle, Intune, MaaS360, Workspace ONE, SimpleMDM, etc.)</li>
<li>You have 3+ years experience managing large-scale Android and/or iPadOS deployments</li>
<li>You have 3+ years experience managing macOS, preferably with the following tools: Munki, AutoPkg, Santa, osquery</li>
<li>You have 3+ years experience in one or more of the following programming languages: Bash, Python, Swift, GoLang</li>
<li>You have experience using CI/CD for client engineering processes</li>
<li>You have experience utilizing APIs for automation</li>
<li>Nice to haves:</li>
<ul>
<li>You have experience managing ChromeOS, Windows and Linux endpoints</li>
<li>You have rolled out or managed a mobile BYOD program (Apple User Enrollment / Android Work Profile)</li>
<li>You have experience deploying and managing Conditional Access / Device Trust policies and integrations (Okta / Google)</li>
<li>You have experience with configuration/infrastructure as code</li>
<li>You enjoy working with open source tools and contributing back to the community</li>
<li>You have experience working on a remote team spanning multiple time zones and continents</li>
</ul>
</ul>
<h2>Why you’ll love working at Wolt</h2>
<p>At Wolt, we create technology that brings joy, simplicity and earnings to the neighborhoods of the world. In 2014 we started with delivery of restaurant food. Now we’re building the delivery of (almost) everything and you’ll find us in 1000+ cities in over 30 countries around the world. In 2022 we joined forces with DoorDash and together we keep on dreaming big and expanding across the globe.</p>
<p>Working at Wolt isn’t always easy, but it’s definitely exciting. Here you’ll learn more, build more, and ship more than in most other companies. You’ll be challenged a lot, but also have a lot of fun on the way. So, if you’re a self-starter with drive and entrepreneurial spirit, this could be the ride of your life.</p>
<h2>Next steps</h2>
<p>All applications are reviewed by a real human, so please be patient. Qualified candidates will have the opportunity to speak with a member of our recruiting team before moving on to talk with the hiring manager. This is a highly technical role so the next step will be a live scripting/coding interview, followed by chats with members of the team and cross-functional partners.</p>
<p>We are looking to fill this role as quickly as possible, but are committed to finding the right candidate who will be successful in the role</p>
<p><iframe src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/Ncz4s\_oBczc?si=FzuwoSOLcv5WZVRN" width="560" height="314"></iframe></p><div class="content-conclusion"><h2><span data-sheets-root="1">Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion</span></h2>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">We’re committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. That’s why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.</span></p></div>