<div class="content-intro"><p>At Braze, we have found our people. We’re a genuinely approachable, exceptionally kind, and intensely passionate crew.</p>
<p>We seek to ignite that passion by setting high standards, championing teamwork, and creating work-life harmony as we collectively navigate rapid growth on a global scale while striving for greater equity and opportunity – inside and outside our organization.</p>
<p>To flourish here, you must be prepared to set a high bar for yourself and those around you. There is always a way to contribute: Acting with autonomy, having accountability and being open to new perspectives are essential to our continued success.</p>
<p>Our deep curiosity to learn and our eagerness to share diverse passions with others gives us balance and injects a one-of-a-kind vibrancy into our culture.</p>
<p>If you are driven to solve exhilarating challenges and have a bias toward action in the face of change, you will be empowered to make a real impact here, with a sharp and passionate team at your back. If Braze sounds like a place where you can thrive, we can’t wait to meet you.</p></div><p>The Business Development team at Braze shapes future revenue success every day. It is the team at the forefront of identifying, understanding and helping potential customers build, enhance or transform their customer engagement offering.</p>
<p>Business Development Representatives (BDRs) at Braze grow into skilled commercial players and are trailblazers and action leaders when it comes to:&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>Identifying target accounts</li>
<li>Developing email and phone campaigns</li>
<li>Engaging C-suite prospects</li>
<li>Demonstrating the value of Braze</li>
<li>Qualifying early stage deals</li>
</ul>
<p>BDR is a multi-faceted role, kept fresh and exciting by day-to-day priorities like building account strategies with Account Executives, discovery phone calls, meetings with leaders and executives across accounts, building personalized email sequences and attending events to generate new leads. The ultimate goal is to generate high quality relationships that transform into high quality new business opportunities.</p>
<p>Every individual has a personal quota, and shares a team goal. The team is collaborative, communicative and we are always the first to take action. There’s a lot of support and camaraderie with plenty of room to be proactive and take control of your own sales success. It is one of the most energetic, fun teams at Braze!&nbsp;</p>
<p>BDRs gain huge value from working together at our amazing offices.&nbsp; BDRs at Braze have a hybrid schedule, which means they will be in office a minimum of 3 days a week. This allows our team to thrive in a learning environment together.</p>
<p><strong>WHAT YOU'LL DO</strong></p>
<p>BDR is a high impact role. The BDR will research accounts, develop and action a communication plan (via phone, email, LinkedIn, video etc) to generate new business opportunities (pipeline). There are proven processes to follow, several intuitive user friendly tools to use and KPIs to keep momentum up. BDR’s prioritise outreach to prospects: the more relevant stakeholders we can speak with, the more likely we are to be successful in that account.</p>
<p>BDRs will manage their own meetings, and bring in other internal stakeholders as needed. They conduct high-level conversations with C-suite executives about their business goals, customer engagement and marketing challenges/opportunities with a view to understanding and ‘qualifying’ the opportunity. BDRs also deliver value-orientated pitches and solution demonstrations.</p>
<p>Ultimate success for a BDR is to generate the volume and value of deals required to hit their quota, and bring great new brands to Braze! This is done by meeting outreach KPIs, setting meetings and carrying out great discovery and qualification. The commission plan is uncapped, so once a BDR hits quota, they can keep on earning.</p>
<p>There is advancement potential for consistently successful BDRs, with personalized development plans, coaching and internal resources to plan for the next rewarding role at Braze.</p>
<p><strong>WHO YOU ARE</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Adaptable</li>
<li>Action orientated</li>
<li>Precise and engaging communicator (written and verbal)</li>
<li>Strong researcher</li>
<li>Creative</li>
<li>Problem solver</li>
<li>Intellectually curious</li>
<li>Self aware/coachable</li>
<li>Intrinsically motivated</li>
<li>Well organized and accountable</li>
<li>Relentlessly tenacious</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><div class="p-rich\_text\_section">
<p><strong>WHAT WE OFFER<br></strong></p>
<p><em>Braze benefits vary by location, and we encourage you to review our specific benefits offerings for each country </em><a href="https://www.braze.com/company/careers/how-we-hire#benefit-section"><em>here</em></a><em>. More details on benefits plans will be provided if you receive an offer of employment.</em></p>
<p>From offering comprehensive benefits to fostering hybrid ways of working, we’ve got you covered so you can prioritize work-life harmony. Braze offers benefits such as:</p>
<ul>
<li>Competitive compensation that may include equity</li>
<li>Retirement and Employee Stock Purchase Plans</li>
<li>Flexible paid time off</li>
<li>Comprehensive benefit plans covering medical, dental, vision, life, and disability</li>
<li>Family services that include fertility benefits and equal paid parental leave</li>
<li>Professional development supported by formal career pathing, learning platforms, and a yearly learning stipend</li>
<li>A curated in-office employee experience, designed to foster community, team connections, and innovation</li>
<li>Opportunities to give back to your community, including an annual company-wide Volunteer Week and donation matching&nbsp;</li>
<li>Employee Resource Groups that provide supportive communities within Braze</li>
<li>Collaborative, transparent, and fun culture recognized as a Great Place to Work®</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>ABOUT BRAZE<br><br></strong>Braze is the leading customer engagement platform that empowers brands to Be Absolutely Engaging.™ Braze helps brands deliver great customer experiences that drive value both for consumers and for their businesses. Built on a foundation of composable intelligence, BrazeAI™ allows marketers to combine and activate AI agents, models, and features at every touchpoint throughout the Braze Customer Engagement Platform for smarter, faster, and more meaningful customer engagement. From cross-channel messaging and journey orchestration to Al-powered decisioning and optimization, Braze enables companies to turn action into interaction through autonomous, 1:1 personalized experiences.<br><br>The company has repeatedly been recognized as a Leader in marketing technology by industry analysts, and was voted a G2 “Best of Marketing and Digital Advertising Software Product” in 2025.<br><br>Braze was also named a 2025 Best Companies To Work For by U.S. News &amp; World Report, a 2025 America’s Greatest Companies by Newsweek, and a 2025 Fortune Best Workplace in Technology™ by Great Place To Work®, among other accolades. Braze is also proudly certified as a Great Place to Work® in the U.S., the UK, Australia, and Singapore.<br><br>The company is headquartered in New York with offices in Austin, Berlin, Bucharest, Chicago, Dubai, Jakarta, London, Paris, San Francisco, São Paulo, Singapore, Seoul, Sydney and Tokyo.</p>
<strong>BRAZE IS AN EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER</strong>
<p>At Braze, we strive to create equitable growth and opportunities inside and outside the organization.</p>
<p>Building meaningful connections is at the heart of everything we do, and that includes our recruiting practices. We're committed to offering all candidates a fair, accessible, and inclusive experience – regardless of age, color, disability, gender identity, marital status, maternity, national origin, pregnancy, race, religion, sex, sexual orientation, or status as a protected veteran. When applying and interviewing with Braze, we want you to feel comfortable showcasing what makes you <em>you</em>.</p>
<p>We know that sometimes different circumstances can lead talented people to hesitate to apply for a role unless they meet 100% of the criteria. If this sounds familiar, we encourage you to apply, as we’d love to meet you.</p>
<em>Please see our</em><a href="https://www.braze.com/company/legal/privacy-policy-job-candidates"><em> </em><em>Candidate Privacy Policy</em></a><em> for more information on how Braze processes your personal information during the recruitment process and, if applicable based on your location, how you can exercise any privacy rights.</em></div></div>