<div class="content-intro"><div data-lark-html-role="root"><span class="text-only" data-eleid="5"><span class="text-only">Join us as we scale our business by building on our tremendous success around the world. The massive database market is going to double over the next few years and </span><span class="text-only text-with-abbreviation text-with-abbreviation-bottomline">TiDB</span><span class="text-only"> is a global player positioned as a major disruptor with TiDB Database and </span><span class="text-only text-with-abbreviation text-with-abbreviation-bottomline">Database as a Service</span><span class="text-only"> offering. TiDB is the proven enterprise database foundation for the AI era. We help companies solve today’s database problems. Cost, scale, downtime, and complexity. With a distributed </span><span class="text-only text-with-abbreviation text-with-abbreviation-bottomline">SQL</span><span class="text-only"> architecture that is already battle-tested at enterprise scale. And now we help those same companies future-proof for innovating with AI, by giving them one unified foundation for transactional state, vector context, real-time analytics, and safe agent operations. In a world where AI agents need to work on fresh data, act safely, and scale economically, TiDB is not another database add-on. It is the highway system for agentic workloads. Large and high-growth organizations in markets as varied as financial services, logistics, gaming, e-commerce and software as a service have successfully deployed and expanded their TiDB footprint on mission-critical applications. Our strong open-source community roots (40,000+ stars on GitHub), innovative products and inclusive culture draw passionate and dedicated people to our company. Learn more about TiDB careers and join our team to be at the forefront of innovation and growth.</span></span></div></div><p><strong>This job can work remotely within Malaysia, not necessarily in Selangor, MY.</strong></p>
<p><strong>Open to both fresh graduates and candidates within 5 years working experiences, ideally in database filed.</strong></p>
<p>PingCAP is one world-leading, one-stop, real-time HTAP database solution provider, and our mission is to build a database of the future, made by developers and for developers. Now our products TiDB have been trusted by large-scale industry leaders and adopted by over 2000 companies across different industries.<br>Our deep open-source community roots (37,000 stars on GitHub), innovative products, and inclusive culture are what draw passionate and dedicated people to our company.<br><br><strong>About the role</strong><br>As a valued member of our Global Support team, your primary responsibility will be to provide remote assistance to customers in resolving TiDB/TiDB Cloud issues. You will play a crucial role in ensuring customer satisfaction by delivering effective and timely support.<br><br><strong>Responsibilities</strong><br>- Diagnose database issues by collecting relevant logs and monitoring data, determining the root causes of customer problems, and assisting customers in issue resolution.<br>- Consult and collaborate with engineers within the team or across teams to address customer issues.<br>- Record key issues encountered during work to assist colleagues in enhancing products and improving support experiences.<br>- Actively monitor customer satisfaction, identify customer concerns, and manage customer expectations.<br><br><strong>Qualifications</strong><br>- Bachelor's degree or higher in computer science or a related field from a nationally accredited institution.</p>
<p>- Fluent in writing and speaking in both&nbsp;<strong>Chinese and English</strong>&nbsp;is a must.<br>- we are open to&nbsp;<strong>new graduates and experienced candidates with 2-5 years</strong>&nbsp;of working experience in database technical support or related roles.<br>- Proficiency in the operational mechanisms and management of relational databases such as MySQL/Oracle; experience with NoSQL, NewSQL, or related technologies is a plus.<br>- Familiar with Linux/Unix operating systems, understanding of common database business system architectures, and strong experience in troubleshooting and handling major faults.<br>- Strong ability to learn quickly, excellent problem analysis and resolution skills, and the ability to work in a multi-threaded environment; capable of handling urgent situations proactively.<br>- Excellent communication skills, a strong sense of work responsibility, and a collaborative spirit within the team.</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><em>We encourage people from underrepresented groups to apply. Come advance with us! In keeping with our values, no employee or applicant will face discrimination/harassment based on: race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, age, gender, marital domestic partner status, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability status, or veteran status. TiDB also strives to prevent other, subtler forms of inappropriate behavior (e.g., stereotyping) from ever gaining a foothold in our organization. Whether blatant or hidden, barriers to success have no place at TiDB.</em></p></div>