<p>
  <strong>Headquarters:</strong> Remote, Limassol, Berlin, Amsterdam, Barcelona, Serbia, Italy
</p>

<div class="description-wrapper description-wrapper-shown" lang="en"><br><br><h5 class="detail-block-title">About Vivid</h5><br><div class="detail-block-description"><br>                        At Vivid, we're reimagining how individuals and businesses manage money. Our all-in-one app opens up a world of financial possibilities: invest in global stocks, ETFs, and over 150 cryptocurrencies, earn cashback on everyday purchases, and access personalised insights to make the most of your finances – all tailored to your lifestyle. &nbsp;&nbsp;<br>&nbsp;&nbsp;<br>For businesses, Vivid Business offers a powerful suite of tools, including multi-IBAN accounts, high-interest rates, business cashback, team cards, and seamless accounting integrations to streamline operations. &nbsp;&nbsp;<br>&nbsp;&nbsp;<br>Our mission? Your success. Everyone deserves the chance to see their finances flourish, and we’re dedicated to empowering our customers to make this a reality. &nbsp;&nbsp;<br>&nbsp;&nbsp;<br>Since our 2020 launch in Germany, Vivid has rapidly expanded across Europe, earning the trust of over 500,000 customers looking for a simpler, smarter way to grow their wealth.&nbsp;<br>Join us and experience a new way to thrive financially.<br>                    </div><br><br><br><h5 class="detail-block-title">About The Role</h5><br><div class="detail-block-description"><br>                            We are looking for a <strong>Senior Product Designer </strong>who is ready to transform ideas into detailed and thought-through concepts, working closely with developers, analysts, and researchers to continually improve the digital aspect of the product.<br>                        </div><br><br><br><h5 class="detail-block-title">Your Mission</h5><br><div class="detail-block-description"><br><ul><li>Work hand-in-hand with a Product Manager, analysts, developers, and key stakeholders to contribute to high-level strategic decisions and roadmap definition.</li><li>Generate and validate hypotheses, propose solutions, and design products that solve customer and business problems.</li><li>Develop high-level and detailed wireframes, polished UI mockups, and interactive prototypes to communicate design ideas effectively.</li><li>Iterate based on research, experiment results, analytics, and feedback from the team and users.</li><li>Contribute to and evolve our design system across mobile and web products.</li><li>Confidently present and defend your design decisions to a variety of audiences.</li><li>Proactively drive the design process within the team, not just execute tasks.</li></ul><br></div><br><br><br><h5 class="detail-block-title">Your Profile</h5><br><div class="detail-block-description"><br><ul><li>5+ years of experience in product design, ideally including work in fintech.</li><li>Advanced Figma skills: components, auto-layouts, and prototyping.</li><li>Ability to adapt your designs across platforms and form factors (specifically web and mobile applications) with a clear understanding of the opportunities and limitations of each.</li><li>Strong understanding of typography, grids, and responsive design principles.</li><li>Growth Mindset: аn understanding of user acquisition and retention strategies is a plus. Being able to identify where users are coming from, analyze user behavior, and contribute to simple landing page designs to optimize conversions will be part of the role.</li><li>Excellent communication of design work and your rationale behind proposals.</li><li>Ability to express yourself in English both written and spoken.</li></ul><strong>Must have a portfolio featuring examples of product design work.</strong><br></div><br><br><br><h5 class="detail-block-title">Why Join Vivid?</h5><br><div class="detail-block-description"><br><ul><li>We have a hybrid model in one of our offices, Berlin, Amsterdam, or Limassol, or fully remote outside office locations.&nbsp;</li><li>We support relocation to Cyprus (visa, package) when needed.</li><li>This is a senior-level position with a competitive salary and benefits package (depending on location).</li><li>Expand your skills with a dedicated learning budget to fuel your professional growth.</li><li>Real growth prospects, significant responsibility, and the ability to make an immediate impact from day one.</li></ul><br><strong>Enhance your expertise and shape the future of FinTech. Join Vivid's talented team and help us revolutionize how businesses think about their finances!</strong><br></div><br><br></div>

<p><strong>To apply:</strong> <a href="https://weworkremotely.com/remote-jobs/vivid-senior-product-designer-hybrid-or-remote">https://weworkremotely.com/remote-jobs/vivid-senior-product-designer-hybrid-or-remote</a></p>