<div class="content-intro"><p><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif; font-size: 12pt;">Airbnb was born in 2007 when two hosts welcomed three guests to their San Francisco home, and has since grown to over 5 million hosts who have welcomed over 2 billion guest arrivals in almost every country across the globe. Every day, hosts offer unique stays and experiences that make it possible for guests to connect with communities in a more authentic way.</span></p></div><p><strong>The Community You Will Join:</strong></p>
<p>At Airbnb, our mission is to create a world where anyone can belong anywhere. In India, that means championing local culture, fostering meaningful connections, and empowering our hosts and guests to experience the magic of this vibrant country. Behind every unforgettable stay is an extraordinary team. We are the Airbnb Talent team, playful, curious, and fiercely committed to preserving and elevating Airbnb’s mission. We partner with brilliant, inspiring individuals and empower them to raise the bar on how we work, learn, and grow together. If you’re excited by a role that blends strategic impact with hands-on partnership, read on!</p>
<h3><strong>The Difference You Will Make:</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>As our Senior Talent Partner for India, you will be the primary People/Talent point of contact for our India-based teams, while also serving as the go-to advisor for the broader Global Operations (Ops) organisation on the ground. Reporting to the Talent Director, APAC &amp; India (based in Singapore), you will:</li>
<li>Navigate seamlessly between strategic planning and tactical execution, ensuring global talent programmes resonate locally.</li>
<li>Champion an inclusive, high-performance culture that reflects Airbnb’s Core Values and India’s dynamic workplace.</li>
<li>Build deep, trusted partnerships with leaders and employees, coaching them to unlock their full potential.</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>A Typical Day:</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Serve as the primary Talent/HR partner to India leadership across functions, especially Global Ops in India.</li>
<li>Translate functional strategies into actionable talent priorities and outcomes</li>
<li>Foster a culture of performance, feedback, and transparency</li>
<li>Design and deliver local initiatives that reinforce Airbnb’s culture while reflecting India’s unique strengths.</li>
<li>Provide coaching for leaders and managers on performance, career development, and team dynamics.</li>
<li>Facilitate leadership offsites, workshops, and bespoke development programmes&nbsp;</li>
<li>Liaise with global COEs (Talent Acquisition, Rewards, Mobility, DEI, etc.) to deliver seamless employee experiences.</li>
<li>Partner closely with Legal and ER to mitigate risk and uphold Airbnb’s commitment to integrity.</li>
<li>Partner closely with the Functional Talent (in HQ) to drive functionally aligned and logically relevant decisions and outcomes</li>
<li>Localise and execute annual processes (e.g., performance reviews, compensation cycles, engagement surveys).</li>
<li>Utilise data and analytics to inform decisions, spot trends, and recommend proactive interventions.</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>Your Experience:</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>18+ years of progressive HR/Talent experience in high-growth, high-velocity environments. A combination of Tech and GCC experience would be advantageous.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Demonstrated success in a global matrix organisation; adept at influencing across levels and geographies.</li>
<li>Sharp analytical mindset with the ability to translate data into actionable insights.</li>
<li>Resilient, comfortable with ambiguity, and quick on your feet in a fast-changing landscape.</li>
<li>Superb communicator, clear, concise, and culturally attuned to India’s diverse workforce.</li>
<li>Proven experience managing sensitive ER cases with discretion and integrity.</li>
<li>Passion for people development; certified coaching credentials a plus.</li>
<li>Strong organisational skills, bias for action, and a genuine “host” mentality.</li>
<li>An authentic enthusiasm for Airbnb’s mission, because we are genuinely excited to work here, and we hope you are too!</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; color: #000000;"><strong>Our Commitment To Inclusion &amp; Belonging:</strong></span></p>
<p><span style="color: #000000; font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;">Airbnb is committed to working with the broadest talent pool possible. We believe diverse ideas foster innovation and engagement, and allow us to attract creatively-led people, and to develop the best products, services and solutions. All qualified individuals are encouraged to apply.</span></p>
<p><span style="color: #000000; font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;">&nbsp;</span></p><div class="content-pay-transparency"><div class="pay-input"><div class="description"><p><span style="font-size: 16px;"><strong><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; color: rgb(0, 0, 0);">How We'll Take Care of You:</span></strong></span></p>
<p>Our job titles may span more than one career level. The actual base pay is dependent upon many factors, such as: training, transferable skills, work experience, business needs and market demands. The base pay range shown below is annualized, is inclusive of allowances and is subject to change and may be modified in the future. This role may also be eligible for bonus or incentives, one or more equity programs, benefits, and Employee Travel Credits.&nbsp;&nbsp;</p></div><div class="title">India Annual Pay Range</div><div class="pay-range"><span>₹7,000,000</span><span class="divider">&mdash;</span><span>₹10,000,000 INR</span></div></div></div>