<h2><strong>Who we are</strong></h2>
<div>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">Helsing is a defence AI company. Our mission is to protect our democracies. We aim to achieve technological leadership, so that open societies can continue to make sovereign decisions and control their ethical standards.</span><span data-ccp-props="{">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">As democracies, we believe we have a special responsibility to be thoughtful about the development and deployment of powerful technologies like AI. We take this responsibility seriously.</span><span data-ccp-props="{">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span data-contrast="none">We are an ambitious and committed team of engineers, AI specialists and customer-facing programme managers.<span data-contrast="auto">&nbsp;We are looking for mission-driven people to join our European teams – and apply their skills to solve the most complex and impactful problems. We embrace an open and transparent culture that welcomes healthy debates on the use of technology in defence, its benefits, and its ethical implications.</span><span data-ccp-props="{">&nbsp;</span></span></p>
</div>
<h2><strong>The role</strong></h2>
<div>We are looking for an experienced and passionate Electronics Engineer with a hands-on, problem-solving mindset to join us at our office in Barcelona. You will work on solving real challenges in a fast-paced environment as part of a multidisciplinary team, pushing the boundaries of what is possible in cutting-edge legged robotics. You will design and develop electronic systems — including schematics (SCH), printed circuit boards (PCBs), and firmware (FW) — from concept to implementation. We are seeking someone who is both talented and deeply motivated: someone who can identify and tackle complex challenges, turn bold ideas into reality, and make a meaningful impact as part of an ambitious team</div>
<h2>The day-to-day</h2>
<ul>
<li style="text-align: left;">
<p>Defining system and component-level specifications</p>
</li>
<li style="text-align: left;">
<p>Designing schematics for complex electronic systems</p>
</li>
<li style="text-align: left;">
<p>Developing MCU firmware for real-time embedded applications</p>
</li>
<li style="text-align: left;">
<p>Performing PCB layout design, from initial concept through to manufacturing</p>
</li>
<li style="text-align: left;">
<p>Defining and executing validation and test plans</p>
</li>
<li style="text-align: left;">
<p>Contributing to system-level design and architecture decisions</p>
</li>
<li style="text-align: left;">
<p>Troubleshooting and debugging electronics and electrical systems across hardware and firmware</p>
</li>
</ul>
<h2 id="You’ll-do-great-if-you….3" data-renderer-start-pos="15247"><strong>You should apply if you</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>
<p>Have 5+ years of experience designing electronics, including schematics, PCB design, and firmware development</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Hold a BSc in Electronics Engineering or a related field (MSc preferred)</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Are proficient in both English and Spanish</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Are able to work independently, owning projects end-to-end from concept through to validation</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Thrive in a fast-paced, innovative environment where no two days are the same</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p><em data-renderer-mark="true"><em data-stringify-type="italic">Note: We operate in an industry where women, as well as other minority groups, are systematically</em>&nbsp;<em data-stringify-type="italic">under-represented. We encourage you to apply even if you don’t meet all the listed qualifications; ability and impact cannot be summarised in a few bullet points.</em></em></p>
<h2><strong>Nice to Have</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>
<p>Experience with C2000 MCUs or similar DSP-oriented microcontrollers purpose-built for motor control</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Proficiency with advanced debugging tools, such as hardware debuggers, oscilloscopes, and motor control-specific profiling tools</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Experience with CAN, SPI, UART, or other embedded communication protocols in real-time systems</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Background in high-performance student engineering projects, such as Formula Student or similar competitions</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Familiarity with robotics or robotic actuation systems</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Experience working in a startup or R&amp;D environment, where adaptability and initiative are key</p>
</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong><span data-contrast="auto">Join Helsing and work with world-leading experts in their fields</span><span data-ccp-props="{">&nbsp;</span></strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">Helsing’s work is important. You’ll be directly contributing to the protection of democratic countries while balancing both ethical and geopolitical concerns</span></p>
</li>
<li>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">The work is unique. We operate in a domain that has highly unusual technical requirements and constraints, and where robustness, safety, and ethical considerations are vital. You will face unique Engineering and AI challenges that make a meaningful impact in the world</span></p>
</li>
<li>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">Our work frequently takes us right up to the state of the art in technical innovation, be it reinforcement learning, distributed systems, generative AI, or deployment infrastructure. The defence industry is entering the most exciting phase of the technological development curve. Advances in our field of world are not incremental: Helsing is part of, and often leading, historic leaps forward</span></p>
</li>
<li>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">In our domain, success is a matter of order-of-magnitude improvements and novel capabilities. This means we take bets, aim high, and focus on big opportunities. Despite being a relatively young company, Helsing has already been selected for multiple significant government contracts</span></p>
</li>
<li>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">We actively encourage healthy, proactive, and diverse debate internally about what we do and how we choose to do it. Teams and individual engineers are trusted (and encouraged) to practise responsible autonomy and critical thinking, and to focus on outcomes, not conformity. At Helsing you will have a say in how we (and you!) work, the opportunity to engage on what does and doesn’t work, and to take ownership of aspects of our culture that you care deeply about</span></p>
</li>
</ul>
<h2 id="What-we-offer" data-renderer-start-pos="3238"><span id="6afa48f9-b797-428b-aa69-0bc8163b3593" data-renderer-mark="true" data-mark-type="annotation" data-mark-annotation-type="inlineComment" data-id="6afa48f9-b797-428b-aa69-0bc8163b3593">What we offer</span></h2>
<ul>
<li>
<p><strong>Competitive salary </strong>and<strong> stock options (ESOP)</strong></p>
</li>
<li>
<p><strong>Learning</strong>: €500/£450 yearly allowance</p>
</li>
<li>
<p><strong>Health &amp; wellness</strong>: gym membership and mental health support (Nilo.health)</p>
</li>
<li>
<p><strong>Social</strong>: regular company events and monthly social allowances</p>
</li>
<li>
<p><strong>Enhanced parental leave</strong>: 22 weeks fully paid for primary caregivers &amp; 6 weeks for secondary caregivers</p>
</li>
<li>
<p><strong>Family support:</strong> 5 days of paid family emergency leave, 100% remote work option during pregnancy and phased return to work</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>A hands-on onboarding program (affectionately labelled “Infraduction”), in which you will be building tooling and applications to be used across the company. This is your opportunity to learn our tech stack, explore the company, and learn how we get things done - all whilst working with other engineering teams from day one<span data-ccp-props="{">&nbsp;</span></p>
</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><span data-ccp-props="{"><em data-stringify-type="italic">Helsing is an equal opportunities employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, religion, sexual orientation, age, marital status, disability or gender identity. Please do not submit personal data revealing racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, trade union membership, data concerning your health, or data concerning your sexual orientation.</em></span></p><div class="content-conclusion"><div>&nbsp;</div>
<div>Helsing's Candidate Privacy and Confidentiality Regime can be found <a href="https://helsing.ai/candidate-privacy-and-confidentiality-regime/" target="\_blank">here</a>.&nbsp;</div>
<div>&nbsp;</div>
<div>&nbsp;</div></div>