<div class="content-intro"><p>At Wayve we're committed to creating a diverse, fair and respectful culture that is inclusive of everyone based on their unique skills and perspectives, and regardless of sex, race, religion or belief, ethnic or national origin, disability, age, citizenship, marital, domestic or civil partnership status, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, pregnancy or related condition&nbsp; (including breastfeeding) or any other basis as protected by applicable law.&nbsp;&nbsp;</p>
<h2><strong>About us </strong>&nbsp;&nbsp;</h2>
<p>Founded in 2017, Wayve is the leading developer of Embodied AI technology.&nbsp; Our advanced AI software and foundation models enable vehicles to perceive, understand, and navigate any complex environment, enhancing the usability and safety of automated driving systems.</p>
<p>Our vision is to create autonomy that propels the world forward.&nbsp; Our intelligent, mapless, and hardware-agnostic AI products are designed for automakers, accelerating the transition from assisted to automated driving.&nbsp; <br><br>In our fast-paced environment big problems ignite us—we embrace uncertainty, leaning into complex challenges to unlock groundbreaking solutions. We aim high and stay humble in our pursuit of excellence, constantly learning and evolving as we pave the way for a smarter, safer future.</p>
<p>At Wayve, your contributions matter.&nbsp; We value diversity, embrace new perspectives, and foster an inclusive work environment; we back each other to deliver impact.&nbsp;&nbsp;</p>
<p>Make Wayve the experience that defines your career!&nbsp;&nbsp;</p></div><h2><strong>The role&nbsp;</strong></h2>
<p><br>We're on the lookout for a Site Reliability Engineer (SRE) with a thirst for innovation and a desire to establish Operational Excellence and best practices.&nbsp; You'll be instrumental in fortifying the backbone of our AI-driven autonomous vehicles, ensuring they're robust, resilient, and ready to revolutionise urban mobility. This role isn't just a job; it's a chance to be at the forefront of an industry transformation, making a significant impact on how we live, work, and navigate our cities.</p>
<h3>Key responsibilities:</h3>
<ul>
<li><strong>Elevate Operational Excellence:</strong> Guarantee the seamless operation of our autonomous vehicles on public roads, enhancing our ability to transform urban mobility.</li>
<li><strong>Innovate and Automate:</strong> Drive the development of cutting-edge tools and automation to streamline operations, from first-line support enhancements to fleet management.</li>
<li><strong>Metrics and Monitoring Mastery:</strong> Develop key metrics and monitoring/logging systems that preempt problems and promote rapid resolution, ensuring the highest levels of performance and reliability.</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>About you</strong>&nbsp;&nbsp;</h2>
<p>In order to set you up for success as a Vehicle SRE at Wayve, we’re looking for the following skills and experience.&nbsp;&nbsp;</p>
<h3>Essential&nbsp;</h3>
<ul>
<li>Proven experience in Site Reliability Engineering or a similar role, especially in a production environment.</li>
<li>Expertise in Python, C++, or Rust, with a solid foundation in cloud computing platforms (AWS, GCP, or Azure).</li>
<li>Expert with monitoring and troubleshooting utilities (DataDog, Prometheus, Grafana, OpenTelemetry, Splunk, Humio, etc.).</li>
<li>Exceptional problem-solving/troubleshooting skills and a detail-oriented mindset, coupled with outstanding communication abilities.</li>
<li>Expertise in Linux and strong systems foundations</li>
</ul>
<h3>Desirable&nbsp;</h3>
<ul>
<li>Previous experience with Azure</li>
<li>Previous experience with AV companies</li>
<li>Previous experience with embedded systems</li>
<li>Previous experience ML/AI</li>
</ul>
<h4><br>This is a full-time role based in our office in Japan. &nbsp;Take part in a team on-call rotation, providing out-of-hours support for live systems when required <br>At Wayve we want the best of all worlds so we operate a hybrid working policy that combines time together in our offices and workshops to fuel innovation, culture, relationships and learning, and time spent working from home.</h4><div class="content-conclusion"><p><span class="notion-enable-hover" data-token-index="0">Wayve is committed to creating an inclusive interview experience. If you require any accommodations or adjustments to participate fully in our interview process, please let us know</span></p>
<p>We understand that everyone has a unique set of skills and experiences and that not everyone will meet all of the requirements listed above. If you’re passionate about self-driving cars and think you have what it takes to make a positive impact on the world, we encourage you to apply.</p>
<p>For more information visit <a href="https://wayve.ai/careers/">Careers at Wayve.&nbsp;</a></p>
<p>To learn more about what drives us, visit <a href="https://wayve.ai/careers/">Values at Wayve&nbsp;</a></p>
<hr>
<p>DISCLAIMER: We will not ask about marriage or pregnancy, care responsibilities or disabilities in any of our job adverts or interviews. However, we do look to capture information about care responsibilities, and disabilities among other diversity information as part of an optional DEI Monitoring form to help us identify areas of improvement in our hiring process and ensure that the process is inclusive and non-discriminatory.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p></div>