**About the Team**

Being part of Meesho's Fulfillment and Experience (F&E) team as Transport Manager will zip you to the cockpit of our ever-burgeoning rocketship, where you get to directly shape the experience of the country's next billion e-Commerce users.

We are an eclectic mix of 100+ professionals with diverse skill sets ranging from running operations/support, supply chain know-how, analytics and the holy grail, first principles Problem-solving.

At Meesho, we’re trying to do what's never been done before - taking e-commerce to the masses. This leaves us with no choice but to completely reimagine logistics from the ground up, to cater to our customers' price and delivery expectations. That means a host of "zero-to-one" projects (takers, anyone?) to build a supply chain to change how folks think about e-Commerce– not just in India, but globally.

We are firm believers in fun at work. With monthly F&E happy hour sessions, informal team outings, and internal virtual water cooler chat sessions, there’s never a dull moment with us :)

**About the Role**

As Transport Manager, you’ll own the onboarding of new Transporters and managing operations for the entire cluster. You’ll also drive key operational metrics by regularly you’ll take complete ownership of processes allotted to you and work with various stakeholder achieve team goals. You’ll continuously work towards identifying gaps and providing recommendations for improving our processes.

## What you will do

- Onboarding of new Transporters.
- Identify and onboard new transporters onto the network on an ongoing basis.
- Track and own the performance of different Lanes in your cluster.
- Ensure compliance with operational processes.
- Own and drive key operational metrics end to end and achieve performance targets

## What you will need

- Graduate or Post Graduate degree in any discipline
- 3-5 years of work experience in the e-commerce logistics domain, preferably in Middle Mile operations
- Experience in partner onboarding and training in the Middle Mile and sorting operations
- Experience of having worked in the similar geographic location in similar capacity would be a plus and so will the Experience in control tower and field operations

**About us**

Welcome to Meesho, where every story begins with a spark of inspiration and a dash of entrepreneurial spirit. We're not just a platform; we're your partner in turning dreams into realities.

**Curious about life at Meesho? Explore our Glassdoor - our people have a lot to say and they've helped us become a loved workplace in India.**

**Our Mission**

Democratising internet commerce for everyone — Meesho (Meri Shop) started with a single idea in mind: to be an e-commerce destination for Indian consumers and to enable small businesses to succeed online.

We provide our sellers with benefits such as zero commission and affordable shipping solutions in the market. Today, sellers nationwide are growing their businesses by tapping into Meesho’s large and diverse customer base, state-of-the-art tech infrastructure, and pan-India logistics network through trusted third-party partners.

Affordable, relatable merchandise that mirrors local markets has helped us connect with internet users and serve customers across urban, semi-urban, and rural India. Our unique business model and continuous innovation have established us as a part of India’s e-commerce ecosystem.

**Culture and Total Rewards**

Our focus is on cultivating a dynamic workplace characterized by high impact and performance excellence. We prioritize a people-centric culture, dedicated to hiring and developing exceptional talent.

Total rewards at Meesho comprise a comprehensive set of elements — monetary, non-monetary, tangible, and intangible. Our 9 guiding principles, or "Mantras," are the backbone of how we operate, influencing everything from recognition and evaluation to growth discussions. Daily rituals and processes like “Problem First Mindset,” “Listen or Die,” our Internal Mobility Program, Talent Reviews, and Continuous Performance Management embody these principles.

We offer competitive compensation — both cash and equity-based — tailored to job roles, individual experience, and skill, along with employee-centric benefits and a supportive work environment. Our holistic wellness program, MeeCare, includes benefits across physical, mental, financial, and social wellness. This includes extensive medical insurance for employees and their families, wellness initiatives like telehealth, wellness events, and fitness-related perks.

To support work-life balance, we offer generous leave policies, parental support, retirement benefits, and learning and development assistance. Through personalized recognition, gratitude for stretched work, and engaging activities, we promote employee delight at the workplace. Additional benefits such as salary advance support, relocation assistance, and flexible benefit plans further enrich the Meesho experience.

Know more about Meesho here : <https://www.meesho.io/>