<h2>Who we are</h2>
<h3>About Stripe</h3>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies—from the world’s largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyone’s reach while doing the most important work of your career.</span></p>
<h3>About the team</h3>
<p>The Developer Infrastructure organization at Stripe is a group of teams responsible for the productivity of all developers at Stripe. Our job is to ensure that Stripe is the most productive place of an engineer's career.&nbsp;</p>
<p>We support thousands of engineers across the development lifecycle in our primary languages of Ruby, Java, Go, Python and Typescript, we maintain the observability systems that ensure that Stripe maintains its industry leading 99.9995% uptime and we ensure that engineers can maintain a high level of productivity while remaining compliant with many of the important regulations that govern financial services.</p>
<h2>What you’ll do</h2>
<p>As a Senior Staff Engineer, you will play a pivotal role in defining and driving the evolution of Stripe’s Developer Infrastructure. You’ll make critical decisions that affect the engineer practices of our entire engineering organization.&nbsp;</p>
<p>You will collaborate with product and infrastructure teams around the company to understand the pain points in their development processes and come up with creative solutions in order to drive up developer satisfaction and overall productivity.</p>
<h3>Responsibilities</h3>
<ul>
<li>Define and design opinionated architectural strategies, policies, and abstractions that build a long term sustainable solution for internal Stripes, that will in turn enhance the experience of millions of Stripe users.</li>
<li>Collaborate nimbly with cross functional partners (PM), high-visibility teams and their stakeholders to support their key initiatives - navigating various types of organizational complexity with the support of your own leadership team.</li>
<li>Lead and manage a team of talented engineers on the team, providing technical mentorship, guidance, and support to ensure their success.</li>
<li>Create and execute strategies to measure engineering productivity and sentiment in order to prioritize the right projects that will have the most impact on productivity at Stripe.</li>
<li>Developer strategies to effectively deploy AI development strategies (coding assistants and agentic development) across the Stripe organization.</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Who you are</strong></h2>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.</span></p>
<h3>Minimum requirements</h3>
<ul>
<li>BS or MS in Computer Science or a related field.</li>
<li>13+ years of professional experience in a software development or DevOps automation role.</li>
<li>Experience building systems focussing on developer productivity and tooling (e.g. code review, CI/CD, build systems, version control, IDE, etc).</li>
<li>Experience leading projects on a cross-team and company-wide scale.</li>
<li>Experience optimizing the reliability and security of distributed systems.</li>
<li>Experience mentoring engineers at various stages in their careers.</li>
<li>Experience developing, maintaining, and debugging distributed systems.</li>
<li>Experience driving a culture of operational excellence, with a deep understanding of metrics, alerts, and dashboards.</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>Preferred qualifications</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Experience with build systems (Bazel, Gradle, Buck, CMake)</li>
<li>Experience with AI Development Strategies (Coding Assistants, Agentic Development)</li>
<li>Experience in a development team that utilizes AWS/Azure/OCI/Google Cloud</li>
<li>Experience with Kubernetes</li>
<li>Experience with Terraform</li>
</ul>