<p><strong>This is Adyen</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Adyen provides payments, data, and financial products in a single solution for customers like Meta, Uber, H&amp;M, and Microsoft - making us the financial technology platform of choice. At Adyen, everything we do is engineered for ambition.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">For our teams, we create an environment with opportunities for our people to succeed, backed by the culture and support to ensure they are enabled to truly own their careers. We are motivated individuals who tackle unique technical challenges at scale and solve them as a team. Together, we deliver innovative and ethical solutions that help businesses achieve their ambitions faster.</span></p>
<p><strong>Key Responsibilities:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Program Development: Act as the primary architect for designing and refining incentive plans (Sales, SDR, AM, and Partnerships) that align with evolving business goals.</li>
<li>Data Analysis &amp; Strategic Reporting: Analyze performance trends and the effectiveness of current plans to provide leadership with data-driven insights for calibration.</li>
<li>Leadership Partnering: Serve as the main point of contact for commercial engine leadership and enablement teams regarding incentive strategy.</li>
<li>System Input: Provide strategic requirements for system developments to ensure tools support long-term incentive goals.</li>
<li>Escalations: Handle high-level support escalations and complex exceptions within the commission programs</li>
<li>Cross function collaboration - close relationship with rewards team on defining best-in-class compensation model, including market analysis with competitors</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Core Qualifications:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Extensive experience (3-5+ years) in incentive strategy or compensation design.</li>
<li>Strong analytical mindset with the ability to turn complex data into strategic recommendations.</li>
<li>Strong leadership, project management, and organizational skills, with the ability to lead and manage multiple projects at the same time</li>
<li>Strong critical thinking skills and attention to detail with the ability to apply discretion and sound judgement to efficiently and effectively solve problems</li>
<li>Exceptional communication skills for collaborating with senior leadership.</li>
<li>Outstanding interpersonal and relationship building skills with the ability to effectively communicate with all levels of the company, clearly expressing ideas and concepts both verbally and in writing</li>
<li>Ability to remain adaptable and resilient to all situations with an optimistic outlook and cast a positive shadow that is aligned with our culture and Core Values</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Our Diversity, Equity and Inclusion commitments&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Our unique approach is a product of our diverse perspectives. This diversity of backgrounds and cultures is essential in helping us maintain our momentum. Our business and technical challenges are unique, and we need as many different voices as possible to join us in solving them - voices like yours. No matter who you are or where you’re from, we welcome you to be your true self at Adyen.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Studies show that women and members of underrepresented communities apply for jobs only if they meet 100% of the qualifications. Does this sound like you? If so, Adyen encourages you to reconsider and apply. We look forward to your application!</span></p>
<p><strong>What’s next?</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Ensuring a smooth and enjoyable candidate experience is critical for us. We aim to get back to you regarding your application within 5 business days. Our interview process tends to take about 4 weeks to complete, but may fluctuate depending on the role. </span><a href="https://careers.adyen.com/how-we-hire"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Learn more about our hiring process here</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">. Don’t be afraid to let us know if you need more flexibility.</span></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>This role is based out of our Amsterdam office. We are an office-first company and value in-person collaboration; we do not offer remote-only roles.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>