<div class="content-intro"><h4><strong>Join Axon and be a Force for Good.</strong></h4>
<p>At Axon, we’re on a mission to Protect Life. We’re explorers, pursuing society’s most critical safety and justice issues with our ecosystem of devices and cloud software. Like our products, we work better together. We connect with candor and care, seeking out diverse perspectives from our customers, communities and each other.<br><br>Life at Axon is fast-paced, challenging and meaningful. Here, you’ll take ownership and drive real change. Constantly grow as you work hard for a mission that matters at a company where you matter.</p></div><p><strong>Your Impact </strong></p>
<p>As a Technical Program Manager, you will leverage your leadership skills and expertise to partner with engineering and product management teams to drive projects from inception, through design, development, and deployment. You’ll collaborate with product management and engineering teams to translate initial proposals into executable plans, ensuring that requirements are clear. Once plans are developed, you ensure plans stay on track by leveraging mechanisms that manage scope, risks and ensure healthy execution heartbeat to ensure initiatives to develop new products and features are completed on-time, on-budget, delight our customers and make a measurable social impact. <br><br>You’ll also have a outsized force-multiplier impact working across all pillars (business units) at Axon. <br><br>The ideal candidate is an experienced technical program manager who has a proven track record of executing and coordinating complex software deliverables across multiple teams and job roles. Sitting at the middle of product, design, and engineering, you should love to build relationships across a wide variety of personalities, while driving the execution of the product. You leverage your technical expertise and detail-oriented mindset to help the team identify, prioritize, and troubleshoot blockers and manage cross team dependencies.</p>
<h4><br><strong>What You’ll Do </strong></h4>
<h4><strong><span data-usefontface="false" data-contrast="none">Work Location:</span></strong>&nbsp;<span data-usefontface="false" data-contrast="none">This role is based out of our Ho Chi Minh Office and follows a hybrid schedule. We rely on in-person collaboration and ask that team members work onsite Tuesdays through Fridays, with the flexibility to work remotely on Mondays, unless there is an approved workplace accommodation. We believe that connection fuels innovation, and our in-office culture is designed to foster meaningful teamwork, mentorship, and shared success.</span><br><strong>Reports to:</strong> Director of Technical Program Management<br><strong>Direct Reports:</strong> None</h4>
<ul>
<li>Lead execution across product management, engineering, and design teams to build excellent, data-driven project plans and schedules.</li>
<li>Drive process improvements in your space to build better faster so they teams are more effective and can deliver with higher velocity because of your impact.</li>
<li>Own your dependencies &amp; invent and simplify as you face challenges pushing everyone towards the right outcome.</li>
<li>Tracking all major risks/issues/roadmaps and ensure clear communication of issues</li>
<li>Build trust with senior leaders by aligning your priorities with theirs, providing timely, accurate, and succinct status updates, and helping other teams when needed</li>
<li>Leading by example with thoroughness, detail, and care for our customers.</li>
<li>Work with all levels of technical staff across software and hardware engineering earning their trust, holding them accountable and problem solving alongside them.</li>
<li>You’ll help teams capture and improve detailed process and software architectural documentation as needed.</li>
<li>Communicate regularly and effectively with our teams in Seattle, Scottsdale, Vietnam and Finland.</li>
</ul>
<h4><strong>What You Bring</strong></h4>
<ul>
<li>Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Software/Electrical Engineering, Data Science, or other related field</li>
<li>7+ years professional experience in leading and managing system/software delivery, with at least 2 specifically in a technical program management role.</li>
<li>High degree of competency and proven success with project management including: Agile Software Development Lifecycle methodology, identifying and managing risks, tracking dependencies and milestones, and communicating overall project status.</li>
<li>Evidence in work history of owning and driving large, ambiguous technical software programs</li>
<li>You are able to learn quickly and cannot only deal with ambiguity, but can effectively partner with others to reduce ambiguity</li>
<li>You resonate with Axon's Values and our mission that technology can be applied to tackle public safety's biggest challenges.</li>
<li>Strong interpersonal skills including mentoring, coaching, collaborating, influencing and team building</li>
<li>Strong written and verbal English communication skills</li>
<li>Experienced with enterprise SaaS or other mission critical software product is a plus.</li>
<li>Experienced with cloud IaaS and PaaS offering such as AWS and Azure is a plus.</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>Benefits that Benefit You</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Medical, Dental and Vision Insurance</li>
<li>Robust Paid Time Off policy</li>
<li>Bonuses</li>
<li>Lunch allowance</li>
<li>Cell phone stipend</li>
<li>Free LinkedIn Learning account or Udemy account</li>
<li>Access to 24/7 online emotional and mental support</li>
<li>Gym membership</li>
<li>Free parking</li>
<li>Stocked fridges and pantries - free coffee, cold beverages, snacks</li>
<li>Annual Company Outing Trip</li>
<li>Monthly team social activities</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><p>Don’t meet every single requirement? That's ok. At Axon, we Aim Far. We think big with a long-term view because we want to reinvent the world to be a safer, better place. We are also committed to building diverse teams that reflect the communities we serve.</p>
<p>Studies have shown that women and people of color are less likely to apply to jobs unless they check every box in the job description. If you’re excited about this role and our mission to Protect Life but your experience doesn’t align perfectly with every qualification listed here, we encourage you to apply anyways. You may be just the right candidate for this or other roles.</p>
<p><strong>Important Notes</strong></p>
<p><em>The above job description is not intended as, nor should it be construed as, exhaustive of all duties, responsibilities, skills, efforts, or working conditions associated with this job. The job description may change or be supplemented at any time in accordance with business needs and conditions.</em></p>
<p><em>Some roles may also require legal eligibility to work in a firearms environment.</em></p>
<p><em>We collect personal information from applicants to evaluate candidates for employment. You may request access, deletion, or exercise other CCPA rights at&nbsp;<strong data-stringify-type="bold"><a class="c-link c-link--underline" href="mailto:axongreenhousesupport@axon.com" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="mailto:axongreenhousesupport@axon.com" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">axongreenhousesupport@axon.com</a></strong>&nbsp;or via our&nbsp;<a class="c-link c-link--underline" href="https://privacyportal.onetrust.com/webform/0efc1702-9321-4119-bc9d-a06c3a1d3e4e/ca57cc26-a159-4193-9f6e-58ffe3fd2509" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://privacyportal.onetrust.com/webform/0efc1702-9321-4119-bc9d-a06c3a1d3e4e/ca57cc26-a159-4193-9f6e-58ffe3fd2509" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">Axon Privacy Web Form</a>. For more information, please see the Your California Privacy Rights section of our&nbsp;<a class="c-link c-link--underline" href="https://www.axon.com/candidateprivacypolicy" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://www.axon.com/candidateprivacypolicy" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">Applicant and Candidate Privacy Notice.</a></em></p>
<p><em>Axon’s mission is to Protect Life and is committed to the well-being and safety of its employees as well as Axon’s impact on the environment. All Axon employees must be aware of and committed to the appropriate environmental, health, and safety regulations, policies, and procedures. Axon employees are empowered to report safety concerns as they arise and activities potentially impacting the environment.</em></p>
<p><em>We are an equal opportunity employer that promotes justice, advances equity, values diversity and fosters inclusion. We’re committed to hiring the best talent — regardless of race, creed, color, ancestry, religion, sex (including pregnancy), national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship status, marital status, disability, gender identity, genetic information, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances — and empowering all of our employees so they can do their best work. If you have a disability or special need that requires assistance or accommodation during the application or the recruiting process, please email <a href="mailto:recruitingops@axon.com">recruitingops@axon.com. </a>&nbsp;Please note that this email address is for accommodation purposes only. Axon will not respond to inquiries for other purposes.</em></p>
<p>Phishing alert:&nbsp; Axon will never ask you to pay for any part of the hiring process, including training, equipment, or background checks. We do not make job offers via text message, WhatsApp, or instant messaging platforms without a formal interview process.&nbsp; All legitimate job openings are listed on our official careers page at <a href="https://www.axon.com/careers">https://www.axon.com/careers</a>. &nbsp;If you receive a suspicious offer or outreach from an email address that is not <strong>@axon.com</strong>, or if you are asked for sensitive personal information (bank details, Social Security Number) prematurely, please ignore the message and report it to <a href="mailto:recruitingops@axon.com">recruitingops@axon.com</a>.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p></div>