<div class="content-intro"><p class="sc-gEkIjz cjtSrT MuiTypography-root MuiTypography-body1 sc-hoLEA">Raisin is the world's leading platform for savings and investment products. Founded in 2012, the&nbsp;<strong>FinTech</strong> connects consumers with banks in the EU, the UK and the US. This gives consumers <strong>better interest rates</strong> and banks a <strong>diversified form of refinancing</strong>. Our vision is to offer savings and investments without barriers and thus open up the global 160 trillion euro market.</p>
<p class="sc-gEkIjz cjtSrT MuiTypography-root MuiTypography-body1 sc-hoLEA">Raisin currently employs more than 800 people from over 75 countries worldwide. Today, the platform holds over 80 billion euros in assets from&nbsp;<strong>more than one million investors</strong> which have accrued over 5 billion euros in returns.</p></div><p><span style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0);"><strong>Team</strong></span></p>
<p>For further development and expansion of our banking and investments platform, Raisin is looking for an Engineering Lead with a strong software engineering background in Frontend and Mobile area, who seeks an opportunity to lead efforts that help other engineers solve complex problems using Cloud technologies and Platform Engineering practices.</p>
<p>Our Frontend &amp; Mobile Platform team partners closely with our product development teams to accelerate software development lifecycle across all customer-facing applications, while ensuring high level of quality and security. We provide frameworks, tooling, and guidance that empower teams to build, test, and ship performant, secure, and accessible web and mobile apps efficiently. As a team lead, you will be responsible for driving the adoption of modern technologies and best practices that shape the vision of our Internal Developer Platform for client-side development. You will lead initiatives that improve developer productivity, standardize architecture, optimize CI/CD pipelines for web and mobile delivery, and ensure that our teams can confidently deliver seamless experiences to our users.</p>
<p>The team is mostly based in Berlin, so we are looking for a candidate with experience in leading hybrid teams, who is willing to work partially onsite from our Berlin office.</p>
<p><a href="https://stackshare.io/raisin-se/raisin">Teck Stack</a></p>
<p><br><strong>Your Responsibilities</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>You are responsible for the full E2E delivery cycle of web and mobile applications: from requirements analysis, and effort estimation, through design, implementation, QA, and delivery.</li>
<li>You nurture an inspiring environment with open communication and a culture of trust.</li>
<li>You proactively resolve impediments and mitigate risks for your team.</li>
<li>In case you need to escalate delivery and team risks, you do this in a timely fashion, with a well-articulated solution/mitigation plan.</li>
<li>You collaborate closely with your team’s Tech Lead.</li>
<li>You facilitate the team’s work on strategy and planning for the delivery.</li>
<li>You drive the OKR process for your team: communication of objectives, key result definition, team commitment, and pairing OKRs with individual target agreements for your engineers.</li>
<li>You hire, and onboard engineers into the team.</li>
<li>You develop both your engineers’ soft- and technical skill sets according to the company’s goals and needs.</li>
<li>You craft agreements and individual development plans with every team member, aligned to the team's goals.</li>
<li>You uncover training opportunities as well as provide coaching for your team.</li>
<li>You recognise high performance and reward accomplishments; you act on low performance in a timely manner.</li>
<li>You establish and keep strong performance standards for your direct reports.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Your Profile</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>You hold a university degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Information Systems, or related fields, or possess equivalent practical experience.</li>
<li>You bring 2+ years of leadership/people management experience and have a strong focus on delivery.</li>
<li>You demonstrate hands-on experience in introducing and scaling Internal Development Platform for client-side development within a company.</li>
<li>You have 5+ years hands-on experience as a Frontend or Mobile Engineer and want to stay one of the key contributors on your team (TypeScript, React, React Native, Next.js).</li>
<li>You can demonstrate your professional expertise in building, deploying, and operating web applications on Cloud services (AWS CloudFront/S3, Netlify, Vercel).</li>
<li>You know how to manage complex and cross-team software projects to a successful delivery in a collaborative fashion.</li>
<li>You possess up-to-date, in-depth knowledge of modern DevOps and DevEx practices for Frontend and Mobile development, including hands-on experience with CI/CD tools, mobile build automation, as well as Terraform relevant for customer-facing infrastructure.</li>
<li>You feel comfortable and confident driving technical and architectural discussions.</li>
<li>Your track record showcases experience in working with RESTful and GraphQL APIs, BFF layer, content and translation management systems, feature flags.</li>
<li>Your English communication skills are very good.</li>
<li>You have 1+ year of experience leading distributed/remote/hybrid teams.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Join our mission, join our team – and grow with us!</strong></p>
<p>At Raisin, we care about each other and it is one of our top priorities to foster an open and caring environment in which everyone feels welcome and comfortable. Our culture is strongly driven by our ambitious team, which connects more than 75 different nationalities.</p>
<p>As part of our team, you will benefit from:</p>
<ul>
<li>Employee Development Budget of €2,000 and four full training days per year.</li>
<li>Flexible working hours, home office and 30 vacation days.</li>
<li>A company pension scheme (Betriebliche Altersvorsorge), which we support with 20%.</li>
<li>Enjoy more than 50+ different sports with Urban Sports Club: We subsidize your membership with more than €20 per month.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Do you miss being in the office? The Deutschland Ticket gets you there, which we subsidize with €25 per month.</li>
<li>Love cycling? With JobRad, lease the bike of your choice and enjoy tax savings, plus Raisin covers your monthly insurance costs.</li>
<li>Hungry all the time? Snacks, daily fresh fruit as well as drinks provided at the office.</li>
<li>You are moving from another country or city to join us? We may support your relocation.</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><p><a href="https://www.raisin.com/corporate/raisin-applicant-privacy-policy/"><em>Raisin Applicant Privacy Policy</em></a></p>
<p data-start="728" data-end="900">We value diversity and the unique experiences each individual brings. If you’re excited about this role but don’t meet every requirement, we still encourage you to apply.</p>
<p data-start="907" data-end="1013">We are an equal opportunity employer and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for everyone, regardless of race, colour, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, or gender identity.</p></div>