**Are you ready to join our digital revolution journey?**

At **[Aleph](https://alephholding.com/)**, we’re not just part of the digital advertising landscape—we’re shaping its future. Representing the world’s leading platforms, including TikTok, Amazon, Google, and nearly 55 others, we operate in 130+ markets across new and existing geographies.

Our mission is to empower advertisers and brands to unlock the full potential of these platforms' advertising capabilities. By fostering long-lasting partnerships, we create limitless opportunities for people and businesses to advertise effectively at both local and global levels.

With a presence spanning continents, Aleph offers you the chance to be part of a fast-growing, innovative team where your work makes a direct impact. If you’re ambitious, forward-thinking, and eager to thrive in a dynamic, global environment, Aleph is the perfect place to build your career.

We are looking for a **Client Partner** to join our Microsoft team and take on a pivotal role in driving success for our clients with Microsoft Advertising (MSA) solutions in Portugal.

## What You’ll Do:

* Pitch Microsoft Advertising (MSA) solutions to agencies and advertisers in Portugal.
* Manage relationships with the existing clients to ensure customer satisfaction with MSA products and Aleph service
* Gather and submit client feedback on MSA products to MSA team
* Collaborate with Aleph Client Solutions Managers providing support to advertisers and agencies in the book of business
* Represent Aleph and MSA at local and regional industry and marketing events
* Ensure proper contractual paperwork and timely submission of invoices and reports
* Liaise with internal departments at Aleph with regards to onboarding new clients and servicing existing ones
* Provide sales forecasts and market updates to Aleph management

## Skills & Knowledge:

* Solid understanding of Portugal’s advertising market and in-depth experience working within the fintech, gaming industry in Portugal.
* Strong commercial mindset with an understanding of how to drive revenue growth and support new business development.
* Experience pitching, onboarding and servicing performance advertisers
* Experience negotiating deals, speaking at conferences, and organizing marketing events for advertisers and agencies
* Fluency in English and Portuguese

As a Client Partner at Aleph, success means driving real business results for clients while making a measurable impact on the team and the company. You’ll know you’re thriving when:

Clients trust you as a strategic partner, seeing tangible growth and measurable improvements in their campaigns and overall performance.

You consistently hit or exceed your individual revenue and performance targets while contributing to the team’s collective goals.

You identify opportunities for expansion, optimizing strategies and processes to deliver smarter, more efficient campaigns.

You actively bring in new clients and business opportunities, closing deals that fuel both client growth and Aleph’s market expansion

You actively collaborate, share knowledge, and bring innovative ideas that improve outcomes for clients and the team alike.

#ALEPH

**Why Join Us?**

Aleph is a place of many cultures, perspectives, and talents. We support each other, creating an environment of giving and receiving. We value partnership and communication because we believe it takes a group of people to achieve great things. We are energized by our ever-changing industry, our curiosity keeps us learning and seeking out new opportunities.

We stay flexible and adaptable, and believe in moving with the speed of change. We encourage everyone to strive for more, providing our internal talent with growth opportunities and the ability to learn together.

#ALEPH