<p>P-1405</p>
<p>At Databricks, we are passionate about enabling data teams to solve the world's toughest problems — from making the next mode of transportation a reality to accelerating the development of medical breakthroughs. We do this by building and running the world's best data and AI infrastructure platform so our customers can use deep data insights to improve their business. Founded by engineers — and customer obsessed — we leap at every opportunity to solve technical challenges, from designing next-gen UI/UX for interfacing with data to scaling our services and infrastructure across millions of virtual machines. Databricks Mosaic AI offers a unique data-centric approach to building enterprise-quality, Machine Learning and Generative AI solutions, enabling organizations to securely and cost-effectively own and host ML and Generative AI models, augmented or trained with their enterprise data. And we're only getting started in <strong>Bengaluru , India</strong> - across <strong>10 new teams</strong> that we're setting up from scratch !</p>
<p>The Partner Ecosystem team’s mission at Databricks is to enrich and win customer workloads through seamless integrations with strategic partners, while also widening the partner ecosystem to include new partners and data applications. This team enables seamless connectivity between Databricks and a vast range of partner applications through SQLDrivers. This vital data integration work powers the majority of the company’s Data Warehousing revenue by allowing customers to effortlessly connect their applications to Databricks SQL. In addition to that, through products like Databricks Partner Connect, we are simplifying the discovery and integration process, allowing you to seamlessly incorporate your preferred tools directly within the Databricks platform.&nbsp;</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>We are seeking an experienced Senior Engineer to join our Partner Ecosystem team. In this role, you will design, develop, and maintain SQL drivers that power the majority of the data warehousing traffic and critical infrastructure components that power our partner integrations. You'll focus on optimizing SQLDrivers for performance, improved reliability and telemetry to offer seamless connectivity to our partners and enterprise customers, while also maintaining open source repositories and actively engaging with the developer community. You will collaborate with cross-functional teams to define technical requirements, architect solutions, and implement robust systems that enable our partners to connect seamlessly to the Databricks platform, ultimately driving Data Warehousing revenue and customer satisfaction.</p>
<p><br><br></p>
<p>The impact you'll have:</p>
<p>As a Senior Software Engineer working on the Partner Ecosystem team, you will get to build and evolve a set of highly performant and resilient Databricks SQL connectors for partners and enterprise customers enabling them to connect to Databricks SQL seamlessly and derive meaningful insights from data. In addition to that, you will get to evolve our Partner Connect offering, helping grow the elite partner ecosystem within Databricks.You will achieve this by being customer obsessed, raising the bar on open source community engagement, being hands-on in building the product, closely collaborating with the product team. You’ll work on challenges such as:</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>Building reliable SQL connectors</li>
<li>Engage and grow the open source community around SQL connectors</li>
<li>Work closely with the SQL server teams, delivering new features to the SQL connectors, as per customer needs.</li>
<li>Work closely with product team to shape the future of Partner Connect, thus growing the partner ecosystem around Databricks</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>What We Look For</p>
<ul>
<li>BTech (or higher) in Computer Science, or a related field</li>
<li>7+ years of production level experience in one of: Java, Python, Go, or similar language</li>
<li>Comfortable working towards a multi-quarter vision with incremental deliverables</li>
<li>Proven track record in architecting, developing, deploying, and operating highly performant systems</li>
<li>Experience with open source communities through maintaining or contributing to open source repositories</li>
<li>Demonstrated ability to lead engineering projects across functional and organizational boundaries</li>
<li>Ability to navigate ambiguity and work with stakeholders to bring clarity and design innovative solutions to complex problems</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>About Databricks</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-family: arial, sans-serif;">Databricks is the data and AI company. More than 10,000 organizations worldwide — including Comcast, Condé Nast, Grammarly, and over 50% of the Fortune 500 — rely on the Databricks Data Intelligence Platform to unify and democratize data, analytics and AI. Databricks is headquartered in San Francisco, with offices around the globe and was founded by the original creators of Lakehouse, Apache Spark™, Delta Lake and MLflow. To learn more, follow Databricks on&nbsp;<span style="color: rgb(255, 54, 33);"><a style="color: rgb(255, 54, 33);" href="https://twitter.com/databricks" target="\_blank" data-saferedirecturl="https://www.google.com/url?q=https://twitter.com/databricks&amp;source=gmail&amp;ust=1700237575733000&amp;usg=AOvVaw03FL8fJvOD97ytN02f5G2C">Twitter</a>,&nbsp;<a style="color: rgb(255, 54, 33);" href="https://www.linkedin.com/company/databricks" target="\_blank" data-saferedirecturl="https://www.google.com/url?q=https://www.linkedin.com/company/databricks&amp;source=gmail&amp;ust=1700237575733000&amp;usg=AOvVaw15dLk3q8VxTfHEgCUg7NSt">LinkedIn</a>&nbsp;<span style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0);">and</span>&nbsp;<a style="color: rgb(255, 54, 33);" href="https://www.facebook.com/databricksinc" target="\_blank" data-saferedirecturl="https://www.google.com/url?q=https://www.facebook.com/databricksinc&amp;source=gmail&amp;ust=1700237575733000&amp;usg=AOvVaw39EcncitnlqV72EG2-RqXJ">Facebook</a></span>.<br><br><strong>Benefits<br><br></strong></span>At Databricks, we strive to provide comprehensive benefits and perks that meet the needs of all of our employees. For specific details on the benefits offered in your region click <a href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/154un3e8Xav4BceOSlcYFZRGEuQI54xMxVydRwQn54eQ/edit?usp=sharing">here</a>.<br><br></p>
<p><strong>Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion</strong></p>
<p>At Databricks, we are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive culture where everyone can excel. We take great care to ensure that our hiring practices are inclusive and meet equal employment opportunity standards. Individuals looking for employment at Databricks are considered without regard to age, color, disability, ethnicity, family or marital status, gender identity or expression, language, national origin, physical and mental ability, political affiliation, race, religion, sexual orientation, socio-economic status, veteran status, and other protected characteristics.</p>
<p><strong>Compliance</strong></p>
<p><strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">If access to export-controlled technology or source code is required for performance of job duties, it is within Employer's discretion whether to apply for a U.S. government license for such positions, and Employer may decline to proceed with an applicant on this basis alone.</span></strong></p></div>