<p><strong>Who We Are&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>Nuro is a self-driving technology company on a mission to make autonomy accessible to all. Founded in 2016, Nuro is building the world’s most scalable driver, combining cutting-edge AI with automotive-grade hardware. Nuro licenses its core technology, the Nuro Driver™, to support a wide range of applications, from robotaxis and commercial fleets to personally owned vehicles. With technology proven over years of self-driving deployments, Nuro gives the automakers and mobility platforms a clear path to AVs at commercial scale, empowering a safer, richer, and more connected future.</p>
<p><strong>About the Role<br><br></strong>Our In-Vehicle Team is looking for a Shift Supervisor to build a best in class AV operator team to successfully execute on our operational missions and meet Nuro’s challenging goals. As a Front Line manager, you will be responsible for hiring &amp; onboarding operators, actively managing their growth &amp; performance and leading continuous improvement processes and projects. You will work closely with cross functional stakeholders within operations and with other teams to ensure the team’s work remains a valuable part of the company’s metrics.</p>
<p><strong>About the Work<br></strong></p>
<p><strong>People Management:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><strong>Hiring &amp; Onboarding:</strong> You will be responsible for running the interview process and successfully executing the onboarding for new hires in line with the plan. You will work closely with the L&amp;D team to develop the interview &amp; onboarding process and the grading rubric.&nbsp;</li>
<li><strong>People Development:</strong> You will be expected to lead and manage a team of ~ 20 operators. Responsibilities will include providing feedback &amp; guidance to operators, ensuring their training &amp; competency is up to date and providing coaching/ mentoring.&nbsp;</li>
<li><strong>Performance Management:</strong> You will be responsible for the performance reviews of the operators you manage in line with the performance evaluation metrics. As needed you will work with stakeholders to update these metrics and/or determine ways to better capture these metrics</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Execution Management:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>You will be responsible for Start of Shift and End of Shift activities that include capturing operator attendance, supporting software burns and data importing, and prep for the operators (keys, disks etc.)</li>
<li>You will work closely with the planning team to ensure all operators are trained and ready to execute when new features/ capabilities are rolled out.&nbsp;&nbsp;</li>
<li>You will work closely with the planning team to understand the goals for the week and the allocation strategy. In addition you will provide visibility on operator availability on a periodic basis</li>
<li>You will respond to operator and onsite incidents as per internally established procedures&nbsp;</li>
<li>You will actively review plan vs actual performance of your team on a weekly basis to understand drivers for deviations and identify action items to resolve those&nbsp;</li>
<li>You will work cross functionally with other organizations and manage continuous improvement processes and projects to enhance efficiency and throughput (deep “what’s working and not” feedback)&nbsp;</li>
<li>You will constantly engage with your peers in other locations to share best practices and drive standardization</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>About You<br></strong></p>
<ul>
<li>You enjoy working with people and have at least 2+ years experience managing&nbsp; teams of at least 10+ direct reports - hiring, performance managing, coaching and/or mentoring or combination of other relevant work experience</li>
<li>You are a natural leader and take ownership for your team’s work</li>
<li>You have an understanding of US Labor laws, Employment laws and Driving laws</li>
<li>You are a strong problem solver, and take the initiative to resolve issues on your own&nbsp;</li>
<li>You are comfortable with reviewing data and have exceptional interpersonal and communication skills.</li>
<li>You enjoy working in a fast-paced, dynamic environment with a willingness to help out where needed&nbsp;</li>
<li>You have a friendly, positive attitude with a willingness to learn and grow&nbsp;</li>
<li>You are excited about robots and helping progress tools that will support the development of AI and robotics endeavors</li>
<li>You have the ability to work a flexible schedule that meets the business needs, including nights, evenings and weekends.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Bonus Points</strong><em><br></em></p>
<ul>
<li>You have at least 4+ years experience managing a large teams (15 +) direct reports</li>
<li>You have at least 2+ years of experience in the AV/delivery industry</li>
</ul>
<p>At Nuro, your base pay is one part of your total compensation package. For this position, the reasonably expected base pay range is between $68,150 and $92,000 for the level at which this job has been scoped. Your base pay will depend on several factors, including your experience, qualifications, education, location, and skills. In the event that you are considered for a different level, a higher or lower pay range would apply. This position is also eligible for an annual performance bonus, equity, and a competitive benefits package.</p>
<p><em><span style="font-weight: 400;">At Nuro, we celebrate differences and are committed to a diverse workplace that fosters inclusion and psychological safety for all employees. Nuro is proud to be an equal opportunity employer and expressly prohibits any form of workplace discrimination based on race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, age, genetic information, disability, veteran status, or any other legally protected characteristics.</span></em></p>