<div class="content-intro"><p><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif; font-size: 12pt;">Airbnb was born in 2007 when two hosts welcomed three guests to their San Francisco home, and has since grown to over 5 million hosts who have welcomed over 2 billion guest arrivals in almost every country across the globe. Every day, hosts offer unique stays and experiences that make it possible for guests to connect with communities in a more authentic way.</span></p></div><p><strong>The Community you will join:</strong></p>
<p>Our Services Supply Team is growing and we want you to be part of it! Our team is responsible for building, scaling and maintaining a diverse and high-quality base of services hosts to answer the needs of our guests.</p>
<p><strong>The difference you will make:</strong></p>
<p>As a market manager, you’ll be a strategic partner to a dynamic portfolio of hosts in your region and act as a trusted advisor, sharing tailored insights and implementing impactful strategies to help them thrive and succeed on Airbnb. Whether it’s helping them optimize pricing, enhance their service, or better understand the platform, your goal is to empower hosts to thrive. You will also work closely with Market Managers to scale education efforts through webinars, email campaigns, and more.</p>
<p><strong><em>This role requires candidates to be based in Milan. This role is not eligible for relocation support. Please note this is a 12 month fixed term contract.</em></strong></p>
<p><strong>A typical day:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Build strong, trusted relationships with your hosts - delivering helpful, timely support and occasionally meeting them in person within your territory.&nbsp;&nbsp;</li>
<li>Lead regular check-ins and business reviews to identify growth opportunities and guide Hosts toward success.</li>
<li>Understand Airbnb’s product and Host pain points deeply—using that knowledge to advise Hosts and share meaningful feedback with internal teams.&nbsp;&nbsp;</li>
<li>Partner with your team to run engaging one-to-many programs like webinars and campaigns that help Hosts at scale.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Your expertise:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>4+ years of experience in account management, partner support or a similar partner-facing role.&nbsp;&nbsp;</li>
<li>Excellent communicator - confident presenting ideas and building rapport in person, by phone, and over email.</li>
<li>Strong commercial skills to be able to drive overall revenue growth for hosts.</li>
<li>A natural relationship builder with energy, empathy, and a genuine desire to help others succeed.</li>
<li>Comfortable using CRM tools.</li>
<li>A collaborative teammate who’s always willing to share knowledge and support the broader team.</li>
<li>Organized and able to balance short-term actions with long-term growth.</li>
<li>Fluent in Italian and English (both written and verbal).</li>
</ul>
<p><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; color: #000000;"><strong>Our Commitment To Inclusion &amp; Belonging:</strong></span></p>
<p><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; color: #000000;">Airbnb is committed to working with the broadest talent pool possible. We believe diverse ideas foster innovation and engagement, and allow us to attract creatively-led people, and to develop the best products, services and solutions. All qualified individuals are encouraged to apply.</span></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; color: #000000;">#ind</span></p><div class="content-pay-transparency"><div class="pay-input"><div class="description"><p><span style="font-size: 16px;"><strong><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; color: rgb(0, 0, 0);">How We'll Take Care of You:</span></strong></span></p>
<p><span style="font-size: 16px;">The actual base pay is dependent upon many factors, such as: training, transferable skills, work experience, business needs and market demands. The base pay range shown below is annualized, is subject to change and may be modified in the future. This role may also be eligible for bonus, benefits, and Employee Travel Credits.</span></p></div><div class="title">Italy Annual Pay Range</div><div class="pay-range"><span>€51.000</span><span class="divider">&mdash;</span><span>€58.000 EUR</span></div></div></div>