We have a great opportunity for an Artist & Label Partnerships Manager to join our team in Sydney, Australia. The Artist & Label Partnerships team is the face of Spotify to artists, managers, labels and distributors across the globe.

This role is designed for a self-driven individual with a deep passion for artists and the music industry, committed to building meaningful partnerships that help artists thrive on Spotify. You will be responsible for nurturing and cultivating relationships with Artists, Managers, labels and licensors across the region, executing impactful initiatives and global release campaigns that make Spotify the #1 partner for artist development.

You will collaborate closely with teams internal and cross functional teams on local strategic initiatives, as well as with your international counterparts on global campaigns.

## What You'll Do

- Manage the relationship between Spotify and key artists, managers, labels and licensors, handling everything from technical support and troubleshooting to priority release marketing partnerships
- Empower partners with opportunities, insights and mentorship to help them achieve their goals and grow their audiences, educate artists and their teams on Spotify tools, best practices and resources
- Act as Spotify's representative in the music industry externally, and as an internal champion for the artists and labels you work with, seeking opportunities to help them grow their audience and their business
- Work cross-functionally with local and global teams to deliver on strategic goals and consumer campaigns
- Use a developed understanding of music culture to connect artists with compatible fandoms via Spotify’s suite of targeting tools and music programs
- Attend industry events, conferences and shows as needed

## Who You Are

- You have a minimum of 3+ years of proven music industry experience, preferably in an artist and partner-facing role
- You have experience and strong knowledge across a broad spectrum of music and music cultures relevant to the AUNZ market
- You have a strong understanding of the AUNZ music industry and developed relationships within the local industry
- You can work under pressure with proven problem-solving abilities and an aptitude for working with scheduling and promotion tools
- You're comfortable working across cross-functional teams in a large, distributed global organisation
- Excellent communication and presentation skills; you communicate clearly and present ideas effectively to a range of audiences
- You're organised, detail-oriented, and bring a team spirit, strong work ethic, and warm, collaborative attitude
- You are familiar with Spotify as a platform and understand its role in the music ecosystem

## Where You'll Be

- This role is based in Sydney
- We offer you the flexibility to work where you work best! There will be some in person meetings, but still allows for flexibility to work from home

Spotify is an equal opportunity employer. You are welcome at Spotify for who you are, no matter where you come from, what you look like, or what’s playing in your headphones. Our platform is for everyone, and so is our workplace. The more voices we have represented and amplified in our business, the more we will all thrive, contribute, and be forward-thinking! So bring us your personal experience, your perspectives, and your background. It’s in our differences that we will find the power to keep revolutionizing the way the world listens.

At Spotify, we are passionate about inclusivity and making sure our entire recruitment process is accessible to everyone. We have ways to request reasonable accommodations during the interview process and help assist in what you need. If you need accommodations at any stage of the application or interview process, please let us know - we’re here to support you in any way we can.

Spotify transformed music listening forever when we launched in 2008. Our mission is to unlock the potential of human creativity by giving a million creative artists the opportunity to live off their art and billions of fans the chance to enjoy and be passionate about these creators. Everything we do is driven by our love for music and podcasting. Today, we are the world’s most popular audio streaming subscription service.