<div class="content-intro"><h3><strong>About Us at GoCardless</strong></h3>
<p>GoCardless is a <strong>global bank payment</strong> company. Over <strong>100,000 businesses</strong>, from start-ups to household names, use GoCardless to collect and send payments through direct debit, real-time payments and open banking.&nbsp;</p>
<p>GoCardless processes <strong>US$130bn+</strong> of payments annually, across <strong>30+ countries</strong>; helping customers collect and send both <strong>recurring</strong> and <strong>one-off payments</strong>, without the chasing, stress or expensive fees. We use AI-powered solutions to improve payment success and reduce fraud. And, with open banking connectivity to over <strong>2,500 banks</strong>, we help our customers make faster, more informed decisions.</p>
<p>We are headquartered in the<strong> UK</strong> with offices in <strong>London</strong> and <strong>Leeds</strong>, and additional locations in <strong>Australia, France, Ireland, Latvia, Portugal</strong> and the <strong>United States.</strong></p>
<p>At GoCardless, we're all about <strong>supporting you</strong>! We’re committed to making our hiring process <strong>inclusive</strong> and <strong>accessible</strong>. If you need extra support or adjustments, reach out to your <strong>Talent Partner</strong> — we’re here to help!&nbsp;</p>
<p>And remember: we don’t expect you to meet every single requirement. If you’re excited by this role, <strong>we encourage you to apply!</strong></p></div><h3><strong>The role</strong></h3>
<p>Sales Ops is a force multiplier and "the critical link between the development and the execution of the sales strategy and go-to-market strategy." The team's mission is to increase the productivity and effectiveness of our customers and our GC colleagues by reducing friction in the sales process.</p>
<p>The Sales Ops Analyst will play a vital role in this mission, directly empowering our commercial teams and driving efficiency through robust system management, data integrity and user support. Diagnosing and fixing issues in <a href="http://salesforce.com">Salesforce.com</a> and in our commissions data will be a large part of this role.</p>
<p>Our Tech Stack and Tools: Salesforce, Qobra, Revenue Cloud, Docusign, Kernel, Cognism, LinkedIn Sales Navigator, Salesloft, Gong, ChiliPiper, Crossbeam.</p>
<h3>What excites you</h3>
<ul>
<li>Acting as a key partner to our Commercial teams, providing essential deal desk support and collaborating with a broad range of stakeholders across Sales, RevOps, Legal and Finance to guide deals from lead to close</li>
<li>Taking ownership of system health across our sales tech stack, triaging user issues via Jira, performing audits and maintaining configurations for security, permissions and data integrity</li>
<li>Translating business needs into effective tooling and process solutions, including gathering requirements, building configurations and supporting business process automations</li>
<li>Enabling user adoption through clear training and communications, and proactively identifying productivity-boosting improvements across the stack</li>
<li>Applying best practices and conducting rigorous testing to ensure robust, scalable outcomes</li>
<li>Translating a technology-driven vision into tangible business outcomes</li>
<li>Driving alignment on our vision and strategy, so every GeeCee has a clear understanding of our priorities, why they're important, and how their work impacts GoCardless' success</li>
<li>Building trust and connection, so GeeCees are engaged as true advocates of the business, feel they have a clear voice, are listened to, and continue to deliver outstanding work through periods of transformational change</li>
<li>Contributing to a vibrant culture where everyone feels a sense of belonging and loves working here</li>
<li>Co-owning a significant portion of our commissions operations, approximately 40% of this role, including managing commissions data accuracy, supporting monthly/quarterly payment cycles, working closely with Finance and administering commissions tooling (primarily Qobra).</li>
</ul>
<h3>What excites us</h3>
<ul>
<li>Proven experience in a Sales Operations, Revenue Operations or similar analytical role</li>
<li>Hands-on experience working with CRM and sales tools, including building and maintaining configurations, custom objects and workflow automations</li>
<li>Comfortable working with large, complex data sets in Google sheets or Excel.</li>
<li>Experience managing or supporting commissions processes, including data validation, payment support and working with commissions platforms</li>
<li>Strong communication skills and a partnership mindset to support and enable commercial teams</li>
</ul>
<p><em>(Nice-to-haves)</em></p>
<ul>
<li>Salesforce Admin Certification</li>
<li>Direct Deal Desk experience is a strong plus</li>
<li>Familiarity with CPQ, Revenue Cloud or commission management tools such as Qobra</li>
<li>An understanding of how CRM and sales tools integrate across a broader tech stack</li>
<li>Experience in a Fintech or SaaS environment is beneficial, but not essential</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Base salary range: £27,976 - £39,600</strong></p>
<p>Base salary ranges are based on role, job level, location, and market data.&nbsp; Please note that whilst we strive to offer competitive compensation, our approach is to pay between the <strong>minimum and the mid-point (£27,976 - £33,000)</strong> of the pay range until performance can be assessed in role. Offers will take into account level of experience, interview assessment, budgets and parity between you and fellow employees at GoCardless doing similar work.</p><div class="content-conclusion"><h3><strong>The Good Stuff!</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li><strong>Wellbeing</strong>: Dedicated support and medical cover to keep you healthy.</li>
<li><strong>Work Away Scheme</strong>: Work from anywhere for up to 90 days in any 12-month period.</li>
<li><strong>Hybrid Working</strong>: Our hybrid model offers flexibility, with in-office days determined by your team.</li>
<li><strong>Equity</strong>: All permanently employed GeeCees get equity to share in our success.</li>
<li><strong>Parental leave</strong>: Tailored leave to support your life's great adventure.</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><strong data-stringify-type="bold">Time off:</strong>&nbsp;Annual holiday leave based on your location, supplemented by 3 volunteer days and 4 wellness days.</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>Life at GoCardless </strong></h3>
<p>We're an organisation defined by our&nbsp;<a class="c-link" href="https://gocardless.com/g/values-operating-principles/" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://gocardless.com/g/values-operating-principles/" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">values</a>; We <strong>start with why</strong> before we begin any project, to ensure it’s aligned with our mission. We <strong>make it happen</strong>, working with urgency and taking personal accountability for getting things done. We <strong>act with integrity</strong>, always. We <strong>care deeply</strong> about what we do and we know it's essential that we <strong>be humble</strong> whilst we do it. Our Values form part of the GoCardless DNA, and are used to not only help us nurture and develop our culture, but to deliver impactful work that will help us to achieve our vision.</p>
<h3><strong>Diversity &amp; Inclusion</strong></h3>
<p>We’re building the <strong>payment network of the future</strong>, and to achieve our goal, we need a <strong>diverse team</strong> with a range of perspectives and experiences. As of July 2024, here’s where we stand:</p>
<ul>
<li>45% identify as women&nbsp;</li>
<li>23% identify as Black, Asian, Mixed, or Other&nbsp;</li>
<li>10% identify as LGBTQIA+&nbsp;</li>
<li>9% identify as neurodiverse&nbsp;</li>
<li>2% identify as disabled&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p>If you want to learn more, you can read about our Employee Resource Groups and objectives <a href="https://gocardless.com/about/diversity-inclusion/">here</a> as well as our latest<a href="https://gocardless.com/assets/40w0m41bmydz/3hqJy4SUqZqW3BmBHlESUe/d1c7932b97b8a8ebcd0fb07418432fe9/GoCardless\_Diversity\_\_\_Inclusion\_Report\_2022.pdf"> </a><a href="https://assets.ctfassets.net/40w0m41bmydz/zGxwfm2rTwqXV4bwOMODR/8c303a244c90e49c9fa7c2ede11cf1e6/GoCardless\_Diversity\_and\_Inclusion\_Report\_20230731\_\_1\_.pdf" target="\_blank">D&amp;I Report</a><strong>&nbsp;</strong></p>
<h3><strong>Sustainability at GoCardless</strong></h3>
<p>We’re committed to reducing our&nbsp;<strong>environmental impact</strong> and leaving a sustainable world for future generations. As co-founders of the <strong>Tech Zero coalition</strong>, we’re working towards a <strong>climate-positive future</strong>. Check out our sustainability<a href="https://gocardless.com/sustainability/" target="\_blank"> action plan</a> here.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Find out more about Life at GoCardless via <a href="https://x.com/gocardless" target="\_blank">X</a>,<a href="http://instagram.com/lifeatgocardless" target="\_blank"> Instagram</a> and<a href="http://linkedin.com/company/gocardless" target="\_blank"> LinkedIn</a>.&nbsp;</strong></p></div>