<p>As an <strong>Engineering Manager</strong> in the <strong>Website squad</strong>, you will lead a pivotal team within the Acquisition Value stream, shaping the merchant journey from the first impression to the final hardware purchase. This team owns the public and marketing web experience, which is critical to SumUp’s overall growth and revenue.</p>
<p>The role combines technical leadership, organizational impact, and cross-functional collaboration. You will drive delivery excellence, strengthen engineering culture, and elevate technical quality across the squad while leading strategic initiatives like the ongoing Content Management System (CMS) migration.</p>
<h3><strong>What You'll Do</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Lead a squad of 4 Fullstack Engineers, mentoring talent, setting performance frameworks, and building a high-performing, inclusive team.</li>
<li>Oversee the squad's technical direction and elevate technical quality, ensuring the long-term stability, performance, and scalability of our web platform.</li>
<li>Lead and conclude the ongoing migration to a different CMS to improve marketing agility and content delivery efficiency.</li>
<li>Build a measurable engineering organization using metrics like DORA to guide improvements in productivity, quality, and delivery efficiency.</li>
<li>Partner closely with Product, Marketing, Design, and Platform teams to enhance product impact and delivery predictability.</li>
<li>Become a significant contributor to product roadmaps and present early engineering strategies that align technical priorities with the Acquisition Mission.</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>What We're Looking For</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>You have 8+ years of software engineering experience, and experience building and leading an engineering team or squad.</li>
<li>You possess strong technical depth in modern web technologies and architecture. Our core tech stack is React, Next.js, TypeScript, Go, microservices, and APIs.</li>
<li>You have a demonstrated track record of leading large-scale migrations or technical transformation projects.</li>
<li>You have proven experience in engineering best practices, including on-call rotations, observability, testing, and CI/CD pipelines.</li>
<li>You are an exceptional communicator capable of managing stakeholders across both technical and non-technical domains.</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>Bonus Points (Nice to Have)</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Experience with CMS platforms like Builder.io or Contentful and managing web infrastructure at scale.</li>
<li>A background in Growth, Lifecycle, or e-commerce domains.</li>
<li>Understanding of SEO, personalization, and experimentation frameworks.</li>
<li>Experience leading teams through organizational or structural transitions.</li>
</ul>
<p class="cui-body-gccz cui-body-m-0hb4 cui-body-regular-g1zg cui-body-normal-pxkh css-k4eprn"><strong class="cui-body-gccz cui-body-m-0hb4 cui-body-semibold-pgl7 cui-body-normal-pxkh cui-body-highlight-bbub css-10dm8y e173j6r82">Why you should join SumUp?</strong></p>
<p class="cui-body-gccz cui-body-m-0hb4 cui-body-regular-g1zg cui-body-normal-pxkh css-k4eprn">🌎 Opportunity to work with SumUppers globally on large-scale fintech products used by millions of businesses worldwide, from our Berlin office. This involves an office-first setup</p>
<p class="cui-body-gccz cui-body-m-0hb4 cui-body-regular-g1zg cui-body-normal-pxkh css-k4eprn">&nbsp;🌈 Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion: be part of a workplace that values and promotes diversity, fostering an inclusive environment where everyone's perspectives are respected and embraced</p>
<p class="cui-body-gccz cui-body-m-0hb4 cui-body-regular-g1zg cui-body-normal-pxkh css-k4eprn">🚀 Enrolment onto our Virtual Stock Option programme: you will own a stake in SumUp’s future success&nbsp;</p>
<p class="cui-body-gccz cui-body-m-0hb4 cui-body-regular-g1zg cui-body-normal-pxkh css-k4eprn">📚 A dedicated annual L&amp;D budget of €2000 for attending conferences and/or advancing your career through further education 💶 A corporate pension scheme where we match up to 20% of your contributions</p>
<p class="cui-body-gccz cui-body-m-0hb4 cui-body-regular-g1zg cui-body-normal-pxkh css-k4eprn">🏖️ Generous time off: enjoy 28 days of paid leave plus public holidays and special leave days&nbsp;</p>
<p class="cui-body-gccz cui-body-m-0hb4 cui-body-regular-g1zg cui-body-normal-pxkh css-k4eprn">🚵🏾‍♂️ Numerous other benefits such as Urban Sports Club subsidy, Kita placement assistance, subsidised office lunches</p>
<p class="cui-body-gccz cui-body-m-0hb4 cui-body-regular-g1zg cui-body-normal-pxkh css-k4eprn">🌴 Break4me: 1-month sabbatical after 3 years of service</p>
<p class="cui-body-gccz cui-body-m-0hb4 cui-body-regular-g1zg cui-body-normal-pxkh css-k4eprn">🔗 Referral Bonus: earn additional rewards by referring talented individuals to join the SumUp team</p>
<p class="cui-body-gccz cui-body-m-0hb4 cui-body-regular-g1zg cui-body-normal-pxkh css-k4eprn"><strong class="cui-body-gccz cui-body-m-0hb4 cui-body-semibold-pgl7 cui-body-normal-pxkh cui-body-highlight-bbub css-10dm8y e173j6r82">About SumUp:</strong></p>
<p class="cui-body-gccz cui-body-m-0hb4 cui-body-regular-g1zg cui-body-normal-pxkh css-k4eprn">Be empowered to do more that matters.</p>
<p class="cui-body-gccz cui-body-m-0hb4 cui-body-regular-g1zg cui-body-normal-pxkh css-k4eprn">At SumUp, we're on a mission to empower small businesses across the globe by providing simple and affordable tools that allow them to thrive. Today, over 4 million businesses in 36 markets rely on SumUp as their financial partner to manage payments, finance and customer relationships.</p>
<p class="cui-body-gccz cui-body-m-0hb4 cui-body-regular-g1zg cui-body-normal-pxkh css-k4eprn">Our commitment to small businesses is reflected in our diverse team of over 3,000 SumUppers from over 90 nationalities, united by global collaboration and an innovative mindset.&nbsp;<a class="cui-body-gccz cui-body-m-0hb4 cui-body-regular-g1zg cui-body-normal-pxkh cui-anchor-pww3 cui-focus-visible-6pov css-k1irjw e17ev4ar0" href="https://www.sumup.com/careers/culture/?gh\_jid=8372327002&amp;department=Engineering&amp;search=engineering%20manager">Our core values</a>&nbsp;lay the foundation for who we are and what we stand for, shaping our work culture and driving our success. We foster inclusivity and a continuous learning culture, providing a safe space for personal and professional growth. Our differences make us unique and strong as we strive to create an environment where everyone belongs and feels supported, no matter how they identify.&nbsp;</p>
<p class="cui-body-gccz cui-body-m-0hb4 cui-body-regular-g1zg cui-body-normal-pxkh css-k4eprn">SumUp is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity employer, actively seeking and embracing diversity in our workforce. We don't make hiring or employment decisions based on race, colour, religion or religious belief, ethnic or national origin, nationality, sex, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, disability, age or any other basis protected by applicable laws or prohibited by company policy. Our commitment extends beyond recruitment to creating a safe and respectful workplace where harassment of any form is strictly prohibited.</p>
<p class="cui-body-gccz cui-body-m-0hb4 cui-body-regular-g1zg cui-body-normal-pxkh css-k4eprn">Explore career opportunities with us and join a team driven by collaboration, innovation, and a shared vision of creating a world where everyone can build a thriving business. Discover more about our vibrant and inclusive work culture and how we work on our&nbsp;<a class="cui-body-gccz cui-body-m-0hb4 cui-body-regular-g1zg cui-body-normal-pxkh cui-anchor-pww3 cui-focus-visible-6pov css-k1irjw e17ev4ar0" href="https://www.sumup.com/careers/?gh\_jid=8372327002&amp;department=Engineering&amp;search=engineering%20manager">careers website</a>, and follow our journey on&nbsp;<a class="cui-body-gccz cui-body-m-0hb4 cui-body-regular-g1zg cui-body-normal-pxkh cui-anchor-pww3 cui-focus-visible-6pov css-k1irjw e17ev4ar0" href="https://www.linkedin.com/company/sumup/" target="\_blank">LinkedIn </a>and&nbsp;<a class="cui-body-gccz cui-body-m-0hb4 cui-body-regular-g1zg cui-body-normal-pxkh cui-anchor-pww3 cui-focus-visible-6pov css-k1irjw e17ev4ar0" href="https://www.instagram.com/insidesumup/" target="\_blank">Instagram</a>.</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>Job Application Tip</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We recognise that candidates feel they need to meet 100% of the job criteria in order to apply for a job. Please note that this is only a guide. If you don’t tick every box, it’s ok too because it means you have room to learn and develop your career at SumUp.</span></p></div>