<div class="content-intro"><p><span style="font-weight: 400;">At Ripple, we’re building a world where value moves like information does today. It’s big, it’s bold, and we’re already doing it. Through our crypto solutions for financial institutions, businesses, governments and developers, we are improving the global financial system and creating greater economic fairness and opportunity for more people, in more places around the world. And we get to do the best work of our career and grow our skills surrounded by colleagues who have our backs.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">If you’re ready to see your impact and unlock incredible career growth opportunities, join us, and build real world value.</span></p></div><p>At Ripple, we’re building a world where value moves like information does today. It’s big, it’s bold, and we’re already doing it. Through our crypto solutions for financial institutions, businesses, governments and developers, we are improving the global financial system and creating greater economic fairness and opportunity for more people, in more places around the world. And we get to do the best work of our career and grow our skills surrounded by colleagues who have our backs.</p>
<p>If you’re ready to see your impact and unlock incredible career growth opportunities, join us, and build real world value.</p>
<h2><strong>THE WORK</strong></h2>
<p>We are seeking a new Staff Software Engineer to join the Platform Engineering team of our Custody department. You'll play a key role in shaping our engineering practices, ensuring the reliability and performance of our platform across a multi-cloud environment, and empowering our engineering team to deliver innovative features with speed and efficiency. You will drive improvements in our automation, observability, and overall platform stability.</p>
<h2><strong>WHAT YOU'LL DO</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Design, build, and maintain scalable and resilient infrastructure across Cloud providers such as Azure, AWS, GCP and IBM Cloud.</li>
<li>Automating work including infrastructure needs, testing, failover solutions, failure mitigation, and much more.</li>
<li>Implement and manage monitoring, alerting, and logging systems to ensure system visibility.</li>
<li>Develop and maintain our CI/CD pipelines using GitLab CI.</li>
<li>Proactively identify and resolve potential performance bottlenecks and reliability issues.</li>
<li>Participate in on-call rotations to address production incidents and provide support for service engineers with customer incidents.</li>
<li>Collaborate closely with development teams to integrate and deploy services efficiently.</li>
<li>Contribute to the development and maintenance of our internal platform tools and services.</li>
<li>Lead the implementation of standard methodologies for DevOps and SRE within the engineering organization.</li>
<li>Document processes and procedures.</li>
<li>Automate any software maintenance processes which previously required a manual procedure.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<h2><strong>WHAT YOU'LL BRING</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>10+ years’ experience with software engineering, platforming engineering or system operations on high available and high traffic environments</li>
<li>Strong experience with Linux-based infrastructures, Linux/Unix administration</li>
<li>Experience with databases such as PostgreSQL</li>
<li>Experience administering Linux servers as well as docker based infrastructure (like Kubernetes, AKS, etc.) in a highly available environment</li>
<li>Experience of scripting languages such as Go or Bash</li>
<li>Experience with message broker/queue technologies like RabbitMQ, AMQP 1.0</li>
<li>Experience with modern monitoring, logging and observability tools in complex distributed systems such as with Application Insights, Grafana, Elastic stack, Datadog, Prometheus, etc</li>
<li>Practical experience with infrastructure-as-code (with tools like Terraform)</li>
<li>Familiarity with GitOps deployment practices using ArgoCD or Flux</li>
<li>Good understanding of cybersecurity fundamentals and best practices</li>
<li>Troubleshooting skills with the ability to spot issues before they become problems</li>
<li>Excellent problem-solving and communication skills</li>
<li>Committed to processes, with excellent documentation skills and a strong ability to work well in a team!</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><hr>
<p><strong>WHO WE ARE:</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Do Your Best Work</span></p>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">The opportunity to build in a fast-paced start-up environment with experienced industry leaders</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">A learning environment where you can dive deep into the latest technologies and make an impact.&nbsp; A professional development budget to support other modes of learning.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Thrive in an environment where no matter what race, ethnicity, gender, origin, or culture they identify with, every employee is a respected, valued, and empowered part of the team.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">In-office collaboration for moments that matter is important to our culture, and we give managers and teams the flexibility to decide which 10+ days a month they come in.&nbsp;</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Bi-weekly all-company meeting - business updates and ask me anything style discussion with our Leadership Team</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">We come together for moments that matter which include team offsites, team bonding activities, happy hours and more!</span></li>
</ul>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Take Control of Your Finances</span></p>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Competitive salary, bonuses, and equity</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Competitive benefits that cover physical and mental healthcare, retirement, family forming, and family support</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Employee giving match</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Mobile phone stipend</span></li>
</ul>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Take Care of Yourself</span></p>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">R&amp;R days so you can rest and recharge</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Generous wellness reimbursement and weekly onsite &amp; virtual programming</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Generous vacation policy - work with your manager to take time off when you need it</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Industry-leading parental leave policies. Family planning benefits.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Catered lunches, fully-stocked kitchens with premium snacks/beverages, and plenty of fun events</span></li>
</ul>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;"><em data-stringify-type="italic">Benefits listed above are for full-time employees.&nbsp;</em></span></p>
<hr>
<div><em>Ripple is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We’re committed to building a diverse and inclusive team. We do not discriminate against qualified employees or applicants because of race, color, religion, gender identity, sex, sexual identity, pregnancy, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, marital status, physical disability, mental disability, medical condition, military status, or any other characteristic protected by local law or ordinance.</em></div>
<div>&nbsp;</div>
<div><em>Please find our <a href="https://ripple.com/legal/eu-privacy-notice/" target="\_blank">UK/EU Applicant Privacy Notice </a>and our <a href="https://ripple.com/legal/ca-applicant-privacy-notice/" target="\_blank">California Applicant Privacy Notice</a> for reference.</em></div>
<div><hr></div></div>