<h2>About Stripe</h2>
<p>Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies—from the world’s largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyone’s reach while doing the most important work of your career.</p>
<h2>About the team</h2>
<p>The Money as a Service team’s mission is to make it delightful for users to manage their money on Stripe. We’re rebuilding and unbundling the core of Stripe so that no matter what the business, the location or use-case there is a single place that can fulfil all financial needs. If that sounds exciting we’d love to hear from you!</p>
<h2>What you’ll do</h2>
<p>We’re looking for a leader who has a strong background in building successful products and experiences, a passion for leading engineers to solve challenging problems while developing empathetic partnerships with other Stripe teams to understand their use-cases, unlock new capabilities and innovate. At the same time, you’ll have plenty of opportunities to be hands-on building key systems, and will be directly responsible for the successful delivery of large-scale technical efforts as well as acting as a technical mentor and leader for Stripe engineers.</p>
<p><strong>Responsibilities</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Enable the team to deliver a world class financial infrastructure for businesses that range from high growth startups to leading global companies.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Collaborate with stakeholders across the organization such as product, design, infrastructure, marketing and operations to set and achieve ambitious goals.</li>
<li>Lead and manage processes to help the team do its best work and engage with Stripe teams across EMEA and North America.</li>
<li>Recruit great engineers, in collaboration with Stripe’s recruiting team.</li>
<li>Develop engineers on the team, helping them advance in their careers.</li>
<li>Contribute to engineering-wide initiatives as a member of Stripe’s engineering management team.</li>
</ul>
<h2>Who you are</h2>
<p>We’re looking for a leader with experience building great products and teams. If that sounds like you then we encourage you to apply:&nbsp;</p>
<h3>Minimum requirements</h3>
<ul>
<li>At least 3+ years of experience building and managing a team or teams to ship high-quality products and experiences.</li>
<li>Have a strong technical background as a contributor, including 5+ years of industry experience building user facing products.</li>
<li>Work effectively cross-functionally and are able to think rigorously, communicate effectively, and make or coordinate hard decisions and trade-offs.</li>
<li>Thrives with a high degree of autonomy and responsibility in an ambiguous environment.</li>
<li>Technical acumen to drive clarity with senior engineers about architecture and technical strategic decisions.</li>
<li>Encourage a healthy and inclusive work environment that’s both challenging and supportive.</li>
<li>Care deeply about mentorship and growing engineers.</li>
</ul>
<h3>Preferred qualifications</h3>
<ul>
<li>Have experience with financial product companies and interest in financial products and markets.</li>
</ul>