<p data-pm-slice="1 1 []">GAQ227R106</p>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="1648">While candidates in the listed location(s) are encouraged for this role, candidates in other locations will be considered.</p>
<h3><strong>About Databricks</strong></h3>
<p>Databricks is the Data and AI company. More than 20,000 organizations worldwide — including over 60% of the Fortune 500 and 80% of federal agencies — rely on Databricks to build and scale data and AI apps, analytics and agents. Headquartered in San Francisco with 30+ offices around the globe, Databricks offers a unified Data Intelligence Platform that includes Agent Bricks, Lakeflow, Lakehouse, Lakebase and Unity Catalog. Widely regarded as one of the best companies to work for in recent years, Databricks has earned recognition from top sources, including Glassdoor, Fortune, and Newsweek, among others.</p>
<h3><strong>About the Role</strong></h3>
<p>Databricks is seeking a motivated and pragmatic attorney to serve as Senior Legal Counsel, Commercial (Public Sector) to support our US federal and SLED sales and GTM teams. In this role, you will play a pivotal part in driving direct and channel SaaS and outcome-based professional services transactions with public sector customers (and public sector-adjacent commercial customers like systems integrators and prime contractors) while advising on the full range of US public sector regulatory compliance areas applicable to a rapidly growing Data and AI company.</p>
<p>The successful candidate will have a demonstrated ability to navigate complex commercial and public sector SaaS transactions, a curiosity for our technical Data Intelligence Platform, and a growth mindset. This role is a significant opportunity to help scale Databricks’ burgeoning US public sector business and have a major impact on government efficacy, US national security, and mission impact.</p>
<p><strong>Location:</strong> This position will be based in the Washington, DC metro area. &nbsp;This will be a hybrid role with in-office expectations.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Reporting:</strong> The role reports to the Sr. Director &amp; Associate General Counsel for Commercial Legal, and will work in close coordination with Lead Counsel, Public Sector.</p>
<h3><strong>Responsibilities</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Lead both direct and partner-led (channel) public sector SaaS transactions, including master cloud services agreements, subcontracts, and responses to RFPs/RFIs.</li>
<li>Draft and negotiate professional services Statements of Work (SOWs) with a specific focus on protecting intellectual property and navigating data rights within an AI and data-driven ecosystem.</li>
<li>Partner with cross-functional teams across US public sector sales, finance, operations, deal desk, product, and security to ensure agreements reflect and protect the company’s interests.</li>
<li>Advise internal clients on the legal and business nuances of government contracting, particularly as they relate to the deployment of emerging AI technologies.</li>
<li>Proactively evaluate and inform management regarding potential opportunities and risks concerning contractual, regulatory, compliance, and financial matters.</li>
<li>Provide counsel on relevant topics related to public sector legal issues, SaaS product topics, and applicable regulatory and security frameworks.</li>
<li>Efficiently manage a high volume of transactions and evolving priorities to support the rapid scaling of the US public sector business.</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>Required Skills and Qualifications</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Juris Doctor (JD) degree and admitted to practice in at least one U.S. jurisdiction.</li>
<li>At least 7+ years of relevant legal experience at a major law firm and/or in-house legal department of a SaaS company (experience in both settings is ideal).</li>
<li>Experience negotiating US government contracts, task orders, and subcontracts, with a working knowledge of FAR, DFARS, and GSAR.</li>
<li>Experience supporting both direct sales and indirect "channel" partner sales (e.g., through systems integrators or resellers) is highly preferred.</li>
<li>A strong interest in or experience with intellectual property, data privacy, and the legal implications of AI and machine learning.</li>
<li>Familiarity with Canadian public sector SaaS<strong> </strong>contracting is a plus.</li>
<li>Familiarity with government cybersecurity and regulatory frameworks (e.g., FedRAMP, CMMC, etc.).</li>
<li>Impeccable integrity and a talent for non-confrontational, win-win negotiations that move the business forward.</li>
<li>US Citizenship required.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Active US security clearance or the willingness and capacity to obtain one.</li>
</ul><div class="content-pay-transparency"><div class="pay-input"><div class="description"><p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Pay Range Transparency</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400; font-size: 14px;">Databricks is committed to fair and equitable compensation practices. The pay range(s) for this role is listed below and represents the expected salary range for non-commissionable roles or on-target earnings for commissionable roles.&nbsp; Actual compensation packages are based on several factors that are unique to each candidate, including but not limited to job-related skills, depth of experience, relevant certifications and training, and specific work location. Based on the factors above, Databricks anticipates utilizing the full width of the range. The total compensation package for this position may also include eligibility for annual performance bonus, equity, and the benefits listed above. For more information regarding which range your location is in visit our page <a href="https://www.databricks.com/sites/default/files/2024-08/us-pay-zone-mapping.pdf">here</a>.<br></span></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p></div><div class="title">Zone 2 Pay Range</div><div class="pay-range"><span>$197,800</span><span class="divider">&mdash;</span><span>$272,050 USD</span></div></div></div><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>About Databricks</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-family: arial, sans-serif;">Databricks is the data and AI company. More than 10,000 organizations worldwide — including Comcast, Condé Nast, Grammarly, and over 50% of the Fortune 500 — rely on the Databricks Data Intelligence Platform to unify and democratize data, analytics and AI. Databricks is headquartered in San Francisco, with offices around the globe and was founded by the original creators of Lakehouse, Apache Spark™, Delta Lake and MLflow. To learn more, follow Databricks on&nbsp;<span style="color: rgb(255, 54, 33);"><a style="color: rgb(255, 54, 33);" href="https://twitter.com/databricks" target="\_blank" data-saferedirecturl="https://www.google.com/url?q=https://twitter.com/databricks&amp;source=gmail&amp;ust=1700237575733000&amp;usg=AOvVaw03FL8fJvOD97ytN02f5G2C">Twitter</a>,&nbsp;<a style="color: rgb(255, 54, 33);" href="https://www.linkedin.com/company/databricks" target="\_blank" data-saferedirecturl="https://www.google.com/url?q=https://www.linkedin.com/company/databricks&amp;source=gmail&amp;ust=1700237575733000&amp;usg=AOvVaw15dLk3q8VxTfHEgCUg7NSt">LinkedIn</a>&nbsp;<span style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0);">and</span>&nbsp;<a style="color: rgb(255, 54, 33);" href="https://www.facebook.com/databricksinc" target="\_blank" data-saferedirecturl="https://www.google.com/url?q=https://www.facebook.com/databricksinc&amp;source=gmail&amp;ust=1700237575733000&amp;usg=AOvVaw39EcncitnlqV72EG2-RqXJ">Facebook</a></span>.<br><br><strong>Benefits<br><br></strong></span>At Databricks, we strive to provide comprehensive benefits and perks that meet the needs of all of our employees. For specific details on the benefits offered in your region click <a href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/154un3e8Xav4BceOSlcYFZRGEuQI54xMxVydRwQn54eQ/edit?usp=sharing">here</a>.<br><br></p>
<p><strong>Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion</strong></p>
<p>At Databricks, we are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive culture where everyone can excel. We take great care to ensure that our hiring practices are inclusive and meet equal employment opportunity standards. Individuals looking for employment at Databricks are considered without regard to age, color, disability, ethnicity, family or marital status, gender identity or expression, language, national origin, physical and mental ability, political affiliation, race, religion, sexual orientation, socio-economic status, veteran status, and other protected characteristics.</p>
<p><strong>Compliance</strong></p>
<p><strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">If access to export-controlled technology or source code is required for performance of job duties, it is within Employer's discretion whether to apply for a U.S. government license for such positions, and Employer may decline to proceed with an applicant on this basis alone.</span></strong></p></div>