<div class="content-intro"><p class="p1"><strong>At POWERX, our people are at the heart of everything we do.</strong> From testing and commissioning to engineering and compliance, every service we provide plays a vital role in powering safe, reliable, and efficient systems.</p>
<p class="p1">As the nation’s leading provider of comprehensive power solutions, we foster a culture of integrity, respect, and teamwork. In an ever-evolving industry, our mission is to help businesses optimize system performance, ensure safety and compliance, and drive operational excellence through innovation and accountability.</p>
<p class="p1">Whether you're an experienced professional or launching your career, POWERX provides an environment where you can grow, make an impact, and build a lasting legacy.</p></div><p>&nbsp;</p>
<p id="isPasted"><strong>ABOUT US&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>At POWERX, we take pride in being the premier provider of comprehensive power services, ensuring that power systems operate efficiently and reliably. Our commitment to quality and excellence is evident in our field services, engineering and consulting expertise, and adherence to certifications and regulations. Safety and performance are at the forefront of our integrated approach.&nbsp;</p>
<p>We are a people-first company, valuing integrity, respect, and teamwork. Our mission is to empower businesses by optimizing system performance, ensuring safety and compliance, and driving operational excellence with innovative solutions. At POWERX, we offer a dynamic environment where both experienced professionals and newcomers can grow, make an impact, and build a legacy.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Our vision is to lead the future of power systems with cutting-edge technology, sustainable practices, and a relentless focus on customer success. We are dedicated to expanding our expertise, locations, and services while maintaining our people-first philosophy. Partnering with POWERX means gaining a trusted team of passionate experts committed to delivering value and fostering lasting relationships. Join us in making power work for our clients and the communities we serve!&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>OUR POWERX PERKS&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul type="disc">
<li>Competitive Pay</li>
<li>Incentives for Certifications</li>
<li>Referral Bonus Program</li>
<li>Tuition Reimbursement</li>
<li>Medical, dental, vision, LTD, STD, Basic Life/AD&amp;D, and other ancillary products</li>
<li>401k program with a company match</li>
<li>Performance Program</li>
<li>Paid Parental Leave</li>
<li>PTO including Wellness Days and Paid Holidays</li>
<li>And much more!</li>
</ul>
<p id="isPasted"><strong>Job Summary:<br></strong></p>
<p>The Field Service Manager provides strategic direction, leadership, and coordination of the Testing Department. This role is responsible for achieving optimal performance while providing mentorship, guidance, and support for the personnel. This individual will foster professionalism, respect, and positive attitudes among the team while ensuring excellent customer support and consistent, high-quality service. &nbsp;The Field Service Manager will coordinate with other departments including Accounting/Finance, Sales, and Human Resources to best support the goals of the department and the organization.</p>
<p><strong>Supervisory Responsibilities:<br></strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Testing Department Head - responsible for success of testing department, directs testing department, accountable for work performed by testing department.</li>
<li>Supervises: front line supervisors, scheduler, and field service technicians 1-4.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Duties/Responsibilities:</strong></p>
<p>Operational Oversight</p>
<ul>
<li>Assist the Operations Manager in overseeing the day-to-day operations of the Testing Department.</li>
<li>Prepare reports and debriefs for Operations.</li>
<li>Coordinate with other technical departments to achieve the best overall service and productivity.</li>
<li>Promote an uncompromising safety culture within the department.</li>
<li>Assist with answering technical questions from customers, sales personnel, subcontractors, or vendors.</li>
</ul>
<p>Training and Development</p>
<ul>
<li>Perform classroom and on-the-job training for Testing Department personnel.</li>
<li>Ensure proper methods and procedures are documented and consistently utilized.</li>
<li>Guide and mentor subordinates in achieving their highest credentials and the best possible proficiency in their respective fields.</li>
<li>Present technical presentations during training meetings.</li>
<li>Assist with onboarding of new technicians and participate in stay and annual performance reviews of technicians.</li>
</ul>
<p>Resource Management</p>
<ul>
<li>Ensure necessary equipment and supplies are available for technical personnel.</li>
<li>Ensure proper safekeeping, testing, calibration, and upkeep of all equipment, tools, and resources.</li>
<li>Track company-issued equipment provided to technicians and monitor rented equipment to ensure prompt returns.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Coordinate with Accounting/Finance to promote good safekeeping and stewardship of resources.</li>
</ul>
<p>Scheduling and Utilization</p>
<ul>
<li>Regularly review schedules and direct adjustments to correct inaccurate time allocations, underutilization, overutilization, and changed priorities with the scheduling department.</li>
<li>Track and update technician capabilities for the scheduling department.</li>
</ul>
<p>Quality Assurance</p>
<ul>
<li>Ensure datasheets and reports are accurate and submitted in a timely manner.</li>
<li>Conduct quality control reviews and approvals of reports and datasheets.</li>
</ul>
<p>Continuous Improvement</p>
<ul>
<li>Coordinate with the Operations Manager to identify areas in need of improvement, such as low utilization, poor output, or lack of cross-training.</li>
<li>Provide technical support to field technicians, sales, engineering, and customers.</li>
</ul>
<p>Additional responsibilities and tasks as required to support the organization's goals and adapt to evolving business needs.</p>
<p><strong>Attributes/Abilities:<br></strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Must have a satisfactory background/MVR check.</li>
<li>Must pass a pre-employment, post-accident, reasonable suspicion, and/or random drug test.</li>
<li>Must have reliable transportation and possess a valid driver’s license.</li>
<li>Extensive knowledge of safety requirements and procedures in the electrical industry.</li>
<li>Computing skills including email, internet, data entry, and Microsoft Office products.</li>
<li>Strong leadership and team management skills.</li>
<li>Strong interpersonal and social skills.</li>
<li>Excellent verbal and written communication.</li>
<li>Highly organized and detail oriented.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Experience and Education:<br></strong></p>
<ul>
<li>NETA level III or higher certification, Bachelor’s degree in Electrical Engineering preferred.</li>
<li>5+ years of technical experience in Electrical Testing or Electrical Engineering.</li>
<li>3+ years of supervisory experience.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Physical Requirements:<br></strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Ability to travel up to 50% of the time.</li>
<li>Ability and willingness to work occasional overtime as needed.</li>
<li>Ability to lift up to 50 pounds.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Ability to walk, stand, climb, pull, push, sit, and work in a cramped or confined space.</li>
<li>Potential low exposure to various conditions, including dirt, heat, fumes, smoke, water, noise, vibration, grease, oil, and dust.&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>POWERX is</strong><strong> an equal opportunity employer, and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment</strong><strong> without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws.</strong><strong>&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>