<p>The Datadog Major Accounts Team is focused on driving new business and expanding the current Datadog footprint with our largest and most strategic clients. The success of the Major Accounts Team directly impacts the success of Datadog and is a highly visible position with bold revenue targets. We are searching for seasoned and successful Account Executives that have a passion for technology and a fast-paced sales environment. The Major Accounts Team has experienced unprecedented success since its inception in 2021 and we are continuing to expand the team. This is a lucrative opportunity for any driven and competitive salesperson.</p>
<p>&nbsp;<em>At Datadog, we place value in our office culture - the relationships and collaboration it builds and the creativity it brings to the table. We operate as a hybrid workplace to ensure our Datadogs can create a work-life harmony that best fits them.</em></p>
<p><strong>What You’ll Do:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Prospect into a targeted set of accounts while running an efficient sales process</li>
<li>Nurture existing client relationships and grow the Datadog footprint</li>
<li>Maintain, build and own specific relationship maps for your territory including existing relationships and aspirational contacts</li>
<li>Develop a deep comprehension of the customer's business</li>
<li>Negotiate favorable pricing and business terms by selling value and ROI</li>
<li>Demonstrate resourcefulness when faced with challenges</li>
<li>Determine necessary steps to close business and gain customer validation</li>
<li>Identify a robust set of business drivers behind all opportunities</li>
<li>Ensure high forecasting accuracy and consistency</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Who You Are:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Someone with 7+ years Enterprise software sales experience</li>
<li>Experienced in selling Fortune 100 companies with the ability to win new business</li>
<li>Experience managing a complex account team from multiple GTM Ecosystem partner functions to support Sales cycle</li>
<li>Experience/success selling new solutions into accounts already leveraging core technical products</li>
<li>Combination of leveraging existing customer contacts and net new PG to break into new BUs and sell net new products</li>
<li>Have consistently met/exceeded direct sales goals</li>
<li>Able to demonstrate methodology to prospect and build pipeline on your own</li>
<li>Experienced in working for an innovative tech company</li>
<li>Willingness to travel over 50% of the time</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>&nbsp;<em>Datadog values people from all walks of life. We understand not everyone will meet all the above qualifications on day one. That's okay. If you’re passionate about technology and want to grow your skills, we encourage you to apply.</em></p>
<p><strong>Benefits and Growth:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>High income earning opportunities based on individual performance</li>
<li>New hire stock equity (RSUs) and employee stock purchase plan (ESPP)</li>
<li>Continuous professional development, product training, and career pathing</li>
<li>Sales training in MEDDIC and Command of the Message</li>
<li>Intradepartmental mentor and buddy program for in-house networking</li>
<li>An inclusive company culture, ability to join our Community Guilds (Datadog employee resource groups)</li>
<li>Access to Inclusion Talks, our Internal panel discussions</li>
<li>Free, global Spring Health benefits for employees and dependents age 6+</li>
<li>Competitive global benefits</li>
<li>Giving programs</li>
</ul>
<p><em>Benefits and Growth listed above may vary based on the country of your employment and the nature of your employment with Datadog.</em></p>
<p style="color: white;">#LI-Remote</p><div class="content-conclusion"><hr>
<p><strong>About Datadog:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>Datadog (NASDAQ: DDOG) is a global SaaS business, delivering a rare combination of growth and profitability. We are on a mission to break down silos and solve complexity in the cloud age by enabling digital transformation, cloud migration, and infrastructure monitoring of our customers’ entire technology stacks. Built by engineers, for engineers, Datadog is used by organizations of all sizes across a wide range of industries. Together, we champion professional development, diversity of thought, innovation, and work excellence to empower continuous growth. Join the pack and become part of a collaborative, pragmatic, and thoughtful people-first community where we solve tough problems, take smart risks, and celebrate one another. Learn more about #DatadogLife on <a href="https://www.instagram.com/datadoghq/?hl=en" target="\_blank">Instagram</a>, <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/company/datadog" target="\_blank">LinkedIn,</a> and <a href="https://learn.datadoghq.com/" target="\_blank">Datadog Learning Center. </a></p>
<hr>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="215"><strong data-renderer-mark="true">Equal Opportunity at Datadog:</strong></p>
<p>Datadog is proud to offer <a href="https://www.eeoc.gov/sites/default/files/2023-06/22-088\_EEOC\_KnowYourRights6.12ScreenRdr.pdf" target="\_blank">equal employment opportunity</a> to everyone regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity, veteran status, and other characteristics protected by law. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. Here are our <a href="https://www.datadoghq.com/legal/candidate-legal-notices/" target="\_blank">Candidate Legal Notices</a> for your reference.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Datadog endeavors to make our Careers Page accessible to all users. If you would like to contact us regarding the accessibility of our website or need assistance completing the application process, please complete <a href="https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSeoJeduEZ2NdZF\_65uZmWUrCM-zee7yADXX1s6Xr9zAGq8iKA/viewform" target="\_blank">this form</a>. This form is for accommodation requests only and cannot be used to inquire about the status of applications.&nbsp;</p>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="662"><strong data-renderer-mark="true">Privacy and AI Guidelines:</strong></p>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="662">Any information you submit to Datadog as part of your application will be processed in accordance with Datadog’s&nbsp;<a class="c-link" href="https://www.datadoghq.com/legal/applicant-candidate-privacy/" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://www.datadoghq.com/legal/applicant-candidate-privacy/" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">Applicant and Candidate Privacy Notice</a>. For information on our AI policy, please visit <a href="https://www.datadoghq.com/legal/interviewing-at-datadog-ai-guidelines/" target="\_blank">Interviewing at Datadog AI Guidelines</a>.</p></div>