**The world’s most advanced VPN, and a whole lot more.**

If you’re a curious problem-solver who carves their own path, join the team behind Threat Protection Pro, the NordLynx protocol, and the fastest VPN on the planet—tools that put privacy, security, and control back in people’s hands.

**Your impact?** Helping millions take back control of their online security, privacy, and data.

Low Level Team is reponsible for delivering commonly used components for multiple platforms, like Windows, Linux, Android, Apple.

## Main Responsibilities

- Design and develop clean, maintainable, performant code in Rust;
- Solve difficult problems in security, performance, privacy and networking at scale;
- Apply clean code principles and work according to the best-in-class industry standards;
- Work together with the members of the Low-Level Teams to deliver high-quality, secure and performant software solutions;
- Get involved and contribute to growing the open source community around the libtelio library;
- Leave code better than you found it.

## Core Requirements

- Desire to learn and improve;
- Ability to self-driven software development and understanding of code ownership;
- Solid software engineering knowledge in at least one strongly typed programming language (based on our experience C/C++ developers are jumping very easily into Rust shoes);
- Deep understanding of at least one operating system (firewalls, routing, networking, services, interrupts etc);
- Advanced knowledge of networking protocols - UDP, TCP, IP v4/v6, DNS etc;
- Experience with GitHub or GitLab and understanding of core CI/CD principles;
- Willing and eager to share knowledge and mentor;
- Virtualization (or/and containers) knowledge.

Don't worry if you do not tick all the boxes, we would still be interested in hearing from you. What we are trying to say by those requirements is that you must be focused on results and be a specialist in some 'particular' area.

## Bonus Points For

- Previous experience in C or C++;
- Previous experience with Python;
- 5+ years experience;
- Computer science degree.

## Tools You Will Use

- Rust;
- Gitlab/Github;
- Python;
- Linux, Windows, MacOS, iOS, Android;
- Docker.

## Salary Range

- Gross Salary 19800 - 33400 PLN/Month

**What We Offer**

**Innovate with industry leaders**

Work alongside global experts to build world-leading cybersecurity tools, impacting millions of users around the world.

**Learn & grow**

Boost your skills via our extensive training programs (online and offline) & other resources. Benefit from mentorship and career-switch opportunities to grow within the company.

**Hybrid work**

Enjoy the flexibility with 3 office days and working from home for the remaining 2.

**Work from anywhere**

Recharge with a change of scenery – choose work from any location when you feel a need to power your creativity and drive.

**Physical well-being**

Fuel your active lifestyle with online workouts led by our Physical Well-Being experts. Unlock a variety of sports and wellness facilities, like gyms, swimming pools, and fitness classes, with the Multisport card.

**Mental & emotional health**

Nurture your mind with free psychologist consultations, dedicated mental health events, and premium access to top-rated wellness apps like Calm, Headspace, and Mindletic.

**Premium healthcare**

Receive private health insurance giving you peace of mind for your health needs.

**Joyful moments – special treats**

Celebrate life’s big moments with special gifts from us on your birthday, anniversary, and other major events, such as weddings or the arrival of a new family member.

**Company events & team-building**

Experience iconic Nord Security celebrations, team-buildings, and knowledge-sharing events, nurturing bonds that fuel our success.

**Workation**

Embark on a legendary company getaway abroad, filled with exciting activities, live concerts, engaging workshops, and epic time together.

*Kindly refer to our Privacy Notice for Recruitment Candidates for comprehensive information regarding our data handling procedures throughout recruitment processes:* <https://bit.ly/40GWyjL>

*We expect all candidates to provide accurate and complete information during the recruitment process. While limited use of AI tools to refine application materials is acceptable, candidates remain fully responsible for ensuring that their submissions reflect their own qualifications, skills, and experience. Any failure to do so may negatively affect participation in the recruitment process. If broader AI assistance is allowed for a particular role or stage, we’ll let you know in advance.*

*By submitting your application, you acknowledge that it may be processed using automated tools for evaluation purposes. As part of our recruitment process, we may use an AI-based application review tool to help assess applications based on skills and experience relevant to the role. This technology is used to support - not replace - human decision-making, and every application is ultimately reviewed by a recruiter.*

*If you would like more information about how AI is used in this process or wish to exercise your rights under applicable data privacy laws, please contact us at [privacy@nordaccount.com](mailto:privacy@nordaccount.com). Should you prefer to opt out of the automated evaluation, please submit your application directly to [career@nordsec.com](mailto:career@nordsec.com).*