<div class="content-intro"><h4><strong>Join Axon and be a Force for Good.</strong></h4>
<p>At Axon, we’re on a mission to Protect Life. We’re explorers, pursuing society’s most critical safety and justice issues with our ecosystem of devices and cloud software. Like our products, we work better together. We connect with candor and care, seeking out diverse perspectives from our customers, communities and each other.<br><br>Life at Axon is fast-paced, challenging and meaningful. Here, you’ll take ownership and drive real change. Constantly grow as you work hard for a mission that matters at a company where you matter.</p></div><p>Welcome to <strong>Axon Pulse – Connected Devices – Building Life Saving, End-to-End Systems at Scale</strong><br><br><strong>Continue the conversation with us</strong><br>If you’ve been inspired by something you’ve seen at <strong>Axon Pulse</strong> and you’d like to explore opportunities with Axon in Ho Chi Minh City, please apply here.<br><br>This application is not tied to any single role. It’s simply a way to register your interest so we can follow up and learn more about what you’re looking for in your career. From there, we’ll talk through the routes that feel most relevant and share roles that align.<br><br>No pressure and no obligation — just an open door to continue the conversation.<br><br><strong>What to expect:</strong> We’ll reach out within 72 hours (3 working days) of receiving your interest.<br><br><strong>About Axon</strong><br>At Axon, we’re on a mission to Protect Life. We’re explorers, pursuing society’s most critical safety and justice issues with our ecosystem of devices and cloud software. Like our products, we work better together. We connect with candor and care, seeking out diverse perspectives from our customers, communities and each other.<br><br>Life at Axon is fast-paced, challenging and meaningful. Here, you’ll take ownership and drive real change. Constantly grow as you work hard for a mission that matters at a company where you matter.<br><br><strong>Work Location</strong><br>This role is based out of our Ho Chi Minh Office and follows a hybrid schedule. We rely on in-person collaboration and ask that team members work onsite Tuesdays through Fridays, with the flexibility to work remotely on Mondays, unless there is an approved workplace accommodation. <br><br>We believe that connection fuels innovation, and our in-office culture is designed to foster meaningful teamwork, mentorship, and shared success.<br><br><strong>Examples of roles we’re hiring for</strong><br>We are actively hiring and building pipelines for roles in <strong>Connected Devices</strong> such as:</p>
<ul>
<li>Senior Engineering Manager, Software/Embedded</li>
<li>Engineering Manager, Embedded</li>
<li>Engineering Manager, Mobile Apps</li>
<li>Senior Software Engineer I &amp; II, Embedded</li>
<li>(Senior) Mobile Engineer, Android</li>
<li>Software Engineer in Test</li>
</ul>
<p>If you have friends, feel free to refer them for these roles.</p>
<ul>
<li>Staff Software Engineer, Platform/Backend</li>
<li>Senior Software Engineer I &amp; II, Platform/Backend/Frontend</li>
<li>Senior Product Manager I</li>
<li>Senior Product Designer I</li>
<li>Senior Research Scientist II, Computer Vision</li>
<li>(Senior) Mobile Engineer, iOS</li>
</ul>
<p><br><strong>Your impact</strong><br><strong>What You’ll Do</strong><br>Depending on the position, you may:</p>
<ul>
<li>Design, develop, and deploy embedded software and features for Axon’s camera systems with a focus on security, privacy, and real-world reliability</li>
<li>Lead and contribute to end-to-end development — from concept and system design to implementation, testing, and release of mission-critical device software</li>
<li>Drive technical decisions across complex engineering trade-offs, ensuring high stability, performance, and scalability in embedded environments</li>
<li>Collaborate closely with Product, Hardware, Firmware, Mobile, and Backend teams to build seamless, cross-platform solutions</li>
<li>Set a high technical bar through architecture design, code reviews, and hands-on problem solving in production systems</li>
<li>Translate ambiguous or evolving product requirements into clear, impactful technical solutions that meet customer needs</li>
<li>Troubleshoot and resolve complex technical issues across device and system layers</li>
<li>Mentor and coach engineers, fostering a culture of learning, ownership, and engineering excellence</li>
</ul>
<p><br><strong>Benefits that benefit you</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Medical, Dental and Vision Insurance</li>
<li>Robust Paid Time Off policy</li>
<li>Bonuses</li>
<li>Lunch allowance</li>
<li>Cell phone stipend</li>
<li>Free LinkedIn Learning account or Udemy account</li>
<li>Access to 24/7 online emotional and mental support</li>
<li>Gym membership</li>
<li>Free parking</li>
<li>Stocked fridges and pantries - free coffee, cold beverages, snacks</li>
<li>Annual Company Outing Trip</li>
<li>Monthly team social activities</li>
</ul>
<p>Feel free to visit our<strong> <a href="https://www.axon.com/careers/all?greenhouse-jobs-index%5Bquery%5D=ho%20chi&amp;greenhouse-jobs-index%5BrefinementList%5D%5Blocation.name%5D%5B0%5D=Ho%20Chi%20Minh%20City%2C%20Ho%20Chi%20Minh%20City%2C%20Vietnam">Axon Careers website</a></strong> to explore detailed job descriptions and current openings in our Ho Chi Minh City office.<br><br></p><div class="content-conclusion"><p>Don’t meet every single requirement? That's ok. At Axon, we Aim Far. We think big with a long-term view because we want to reinvent the world to be a safer, better place. We are also committed to building diverse teams that reflect the communities we serve.</p>
<p>Studies have shown that women and people of color are less likely to apply to jobs unless they check every box in the job description. If you’re excited about this role and our mission to Protect Life but your experience doesn’t align perfectly with every qualification listed here, we encourage you to apply anyways. You may be just the right candidate for this or other roles.</p>
<p><strong>Important Notes</strong></p>
<p><em>The above job description is not intended as, nor should it be construed as, exhaustive of all duties, responsibilities, skills, efforts, or working conditions associated with this job. The job description may change or be supplemented at any time in accordance with business needs and conditions.</em></p>
<p><em>Some roles may also require legal eligibility to work in a firearms environment.</em></p>
<p><em>We collect personal information from applicants to evaluate candidates for employment. You may request access, deletion, or exercise other CCPA rights at&nbsp;<strong data-stringify-type="bold"><a class="c-link c-link--underline" href="mailto:axongreenhousesupport@axon.com" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="mailto:axongreenhousesupport@axon.com" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">axongreenhousesupport@axon.com</a></strong>&nbsp;or via our&nbsp;<a class="c-link c-link--underline" href="https://privacyportal.onetrust.com/webform/0efc1702-9321-4119-bc9d-a06c3a1d3e4e/ca57cc26-a159-4193-9f6e-58ffe3fd2509" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://privacyportal.onetrust.com/webform/0efc1702-9321-4119-bc9d-a06c3a1d3e4e/ca57cc26-a159-4193-9f6e-58ffe3fd2509" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">Axon Privacy Web Form</a>. For more information, please see the Your California Privacy Rights section of our&nbsp;<a class="c-link c-link--underline" href="https://www.axon.com/candidateprivacypolicy" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://www.axon.com/candidateprivacypolicy" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">Applicant and Candidate Privacy Notice.</a></em></p>
<p><em>Axon’s mission is to Protect Life and is committed to the well-being and safety of its employees as well as Axon’s impact on the environment. All Axon employees must be aware of and committed to the appropriate environmental, health, and safety regulations, policies, and procedures. Axon employees are empowered to report safety concerns as they arise and activities potentially impacting the environment.</em></p>
<p><em>We are an equal opportunity employer that promotes justice, advances equity, values diversity and fosters inclusion. We’re committed to hiring the best talent — regardless of race, creed, color, ancestry, religion, sex (including pregnancy), national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship status, marital status, disability, gender identity, genetic information, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances — and empowering all of our employees so they can do their best work. If you have a disability or special need that requires assistance or accommodation during the application or the recruiting process, please email <a href="mailto:recruitingops@axon.com">recruitingops@axon.com. </a>&nbsp;Please note that this email address is for accommodation purposes only. Axon will not respond to inquiries for other purposes.</em></p>
<p>Phishing alert:&nbsp; Axon will never ask you to pay for any part of the hiring process, including training, equipment, or background checks. We do not make job offers via text message, WhatsApp, or instant messaging platforms without a formal interview process.&nbsp; All legitimate job openings are listed on our official careers page at <a href="https://www.axon.com/careers">https://www.axon.com/careers</a>. &nbsp;If you receive a suspicious offer or outreach from an email address that is not <strong>@axon.com</strong>, or if you are asked for sensitive personal information (bank details, Social Security Number) prematurely, please ignore the message and report it to <a href="mailto:recruitingops@axon.com">recruitingops@axon.com</a>.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p></div>