<div class="content-intro"><p><strong>About Mixpanel</strong></p>
<p>Mixpanel turns data clarity into innovation. Trusted by more than 29,000 companies, including Workday, Pinterest, LG, and Rakuten Viber, Mixpanel’s AI-first digital analytics help teams accelerate adoption, improve retention, and ship with confidence. Powering this is an industry-leading platform that combines product and web analytics, session replay, experimentation, feature flags, and metric trees. Mixpanel delivers insights that customers trust. Visit <a href="mixpanel.com" target="\_blank">mixpanel.com</a> to learn more.</p></div><p><strong>About the Role</strong></p>
<p>Mixpanel is seeking a high-performing<strong>&nbsp;Account Executive</strong> to accelerate our enterprise growth across key EMEA markets. You will be an impact player, able to demonstrate SaaS sales success in prospecting and acquiring new customers within mid-market and enterprise segments. You’ll partner closely with GTM leadership to craft and execute regional strategies, working cross-functionally to position Mixpanel as the premier analytics solution in the market.</p>
<p>If you thrive in a fast-paced environment, have a growth mindset, and are passionate about helping organizations make smarter decisions with their data, we’d love to hear from you.</p>
<p><strong>Key Responsibilities</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Develop and execute a strategic enterprise sales plan, aligned with market opportunity and product strengths and GTM differentiators.</li>
<li>Drive outbound prospecting efforts while managing and converting inbound interest.</li>
<li>Lead full sales cycles, from discovery to close, delivering tailored ROI solution based proposals.</li>
<li>Build and maintain a robust pipeline, accurately forecasting sales performance.</li>
<li>Cultivate strong, consultative relationships with multiple stakeholders, including C-level executives.</li>
<li>Act as a trusted advisor, deeply understanding customer needs and aligning them with Mixpanel’s value proposition.</li>
<li>Represent Mixpanel at industry events and regional forums.</li>
<li>Maintain a strong understanding of the competitive landscape and effectively position Mixpanel’s differentiation within partner ecosystem.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>We're Looking For Someone Who Has</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>5+ years of SaaS sales experience</li>
<li>Proven track record, managing complex sales cycles with large organizations.</li>
<li>Strong pipeline generation skills through outbound prospecting, networking, and strategic account planning.</li>
<li>Demonstrated ability to build and influence senior-level relationships.</li>
<li>Experienced in selling to both high-growth tech companies and traditional enterprises.</li>
<li>Familiar sales methodology such as MEDDPPIC, Value Selling, or similar.</li>
<li>Team player with a competitive mindset, high integrity, and a customer-first focus.</li>
<li>Self-starter with excellent communication, presentation, and listening skills.</li>
<li>Willingness to travel to meet with prospective clients (~10%)</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Bonus Points</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Experience selling data, analytics, business intelligence, or martech solutions.</li>
<li>Proven experience or network in Tech ecosystem (Hyper scalers,. Cloud, AI).</li>
<li>Experience selling to core industries (retail, e-commerce, financial services, media &amp; entertainment and/or marketplaces).</li>
<li>Previous success in fast-growing, scale-up environments.</li>
<li>Fluency in additional languages</li>
</ul>
<p>#LI-Hybrid</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>Benefits and Perks</strong><strong><br></strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Comprehensive Medical, Vision, and Dental Care</li>
<li>Mental Wellness Benefit</li>
<li>Generous Vacation Policy &amp; Additional Company Holidays</li>
<li>Enhanced Parental Leave</li>
<li>Volunteer Time Off</li>
<li>Additional US Benefits: Pre-Tax Benefits including 401(K), Wellness Benefit, Holiday Break</li>
</ul>
<p><em>\*please note that benefits and perks for contract positions will vary\*</em></p>
<p><strong>Culture Values</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><strong>Make Bold Bets:</strong> We choose courageous action over comfortable progress.</li>
<li><strong>Innovate with Insight:</strong> We tackle decisions with rigor and judgment - combining data, experience and collective wisdom to drive&nbsp;powerful outcomes.</li>
<li><strong>One Team:</strong> We collaborate across boundaries to achieve far greater impact than any of us could accomplish alone.</li>
<li><strong>Candor with Connection:</strong> We build meaningful relationships that enable honest feedback and direct conversations.</li>
<li><strong>Champion the Customer:</strong> We seek to deeply understand our customers’ needs, ensuring their success is our north star.</li>
<li><strong>Powerful Simplicity:</strong> We find elegant solutions to complex problems, making sophisticated things accessible.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Why choose Mixpanel?</strong></p>
<p>We’re a leader in analytics with over 9,000 customers and $277M raised from prominent investors: like Andreessen-Horowitz, Sequoia, YC, and, most recently, Bain Capital. Mixpanel’s pioneering event-based data analytics platform offers a powerful yet simple solution for companies to understand user behaviors and easily track overarching company success metrics. Our accomplished teams continuously facilitate our expansion by tackling the ever-evolving challenges tied to scaling, reliability, design, and service. Choosing to work at Mixpanel means you’ll be helping the world’s most innovative companies learn from their data so they can make better decisions.</p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Mixpanel is an equal opportunity employer supporting workforce diversity. At Mixpanel, we are focused on things that really matter—our people, our customers, our partners—out of a recognition that those relationships are the most valuable assets we have. We actively encourage women, people with disabilities, veterans, underrepresented minorities, and LGBTQ+ people to apply. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance or other similar laws that may be applicable, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records. We’ve immersed ourselves in our Culture and Values as our guiding principles for the impact we want to have and the future we are building.</span></p></div>