<div class="content-intro"><h2><span data-sheets-root="1">About Wolt</span></h2>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">At Wolt, we create technology that brings joy, simplicity and earnings to the neighborhoods of the world. In 2014 we started with delivery of restaurant food. Now we’re building the delivery of (almost) everything and you’ll find us in over 500 cities in 30 countries around the world. In 2022 we joined forces with DoorDash and together we keep on dreaming big and expanding across the globe.<br><br>Working at Wolt isn’t always easy, but it’s definitely exciting. Here you’ll learn more, build more, and ship more than in most other companies. You’ll be challenged a lot, but also have a lot of fun on the way. So, if you’re a self-starter with drive and entrepreneurial spirit, this could be the ride of your life.</span></p></div><div>
<div class="wysiwyg">
<p style="text-align: left;">Wolt is a Finnish technology company and we’re best known for our food delivery platform. On our mobile app or website, customers can order their favorite meals from our restaurant partners, and either pick their order up or have it delivered by our courier partners.&nbsp; Just 2 years ago, Wolt operated in 4 countries and 10 cities across the Nordics. Fast forward to today, we’re in 23 countries and over 200 cities across EMEA, servicing over 10M registered users.&nbsp;</p>
<p style="text-align: left;">Our journey within Israel started in the fall of 2018. Since then, we’ve launched in 26 cities and the country has become one of our fastest-growing ‘Woltwide’.&nbsp;</p>
<p style="text-align: left;">Due to our increased growth, we're now looking for a Trust and safety Associate to join our Operations Team in Tel Aviv.<br><br>We are seeking a highly skilled and experienced Representative to join our team.<br>In this role, you will primarily focus on handling escalations from couriers and investigating unusual incidents.&nbsp; You'll be responsible for resolving complex issues, guiding our partners, and ensuring that high-quality service is maintained throughout the escalation process.<br><br>You’ll be acting as a key factor in maintaining a high level of standard and satisfaction amongst Couriers who partner with us and of course - Helping optimize the workflow between all parties.<br>&nbsp;</p>
<p style="text-align: left;">In our Trust and Safety Team life moves fast and there is no typical day, so to be successful in this role you will need to be self-motivated, confident, and creative, possess leadership characteristics, and have excellent relationship-building skills.</p>
<p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;</p>
<h2 style="text-align: left;"><strong>What You'll Be Doing</strong></h2>
<ul style="text-align: left;">
<li>Working on a full-time basis (Sun-Thu 09:00-18:00)</li>
<li>Making sure Courier Partners meet our level of standard and Performance.</li>
<li>Acting as an escalation point for any queries or issues.</li>
<li>Support the Operations Team on off-boarding/courier agreement terminations.</li>
<li>Co-work with our Support team to maintain a high level of service at all times.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Interact with 3rd parties regarding Couriers’ performance (Customers, citizens, etc;)</li>
</ul>
</div>
<p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;</p>
</div>
<div style="text-align: left;">
<h2 class=" c-spl-typography-title c-spl-typography-title--t2 "><strong>Qualifications</strong></h2>
<div class="wysiwyg">
<ul>
<li>Previous experience working as a customer service representative.</li>
<li>Excellent communicator and a big team motivator as you will have daily contact with our courier partners.</li>
<li>Helping and listening to people is something that comes naturally and easily to you</li>
<li>Ability to lead by example and show direction - you have the genuine will to support your team members and your courier partners</li>
<li>You’re an expert and confident in expressing your social skills</li>
<li>You are not afraid of and can act confidently in challenging situations</li>
<li>You are a fast learner and attentive to both small details and the bigger picture</li>
<li>Proactive planner and thorough thinker, as you constantly seek new ways to improve processes</li>
<li>Fluent in Hebrew and English</li>
</ul>
</div>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
</div>
<div>
<h2 class=" c-spl-typography-title c-spl-typography-title--t2 " style="text-align: left;"><strong>Additional information</strong></h2>
<div class="wysiwyg" style="text-align: left;">
<p>We will be reviewing applications on an on-going basis, so if this sounds like an opportunity you want to pursue, apply today!&nbsp;</p>
</div>
<p style="text-align: left;"><iframe src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/GoL541\_xj9w" width="560" height="314"></iframe></p>
</div><div class="content-conclusion"><h2><span data-sheets-root="1">Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion</span></h2>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">We’re committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. That’s why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.</span></p></div>