<div class="content-intro"><h2><strong>About Hightouch</strong></h2>
<p>Hightouch is the modern AI platform for marketing and growth teams. Our AI agents reimagine marketing workflows, allowing marketers to create content, plan campaigns, and execute strategies with transformational velocity and performance.</p>
<p>Hightouch is a rare company built on the intersection of two fundamental technological shifts: advances in LLMs and agentic AI, and the creation and rapid adoption of cloud data warehouses like Snowflake and Databricks. Building on these tailwinds, we’ve become a leader in AI marketing and partner with industry leaders like Domino’s, Chime, Spotify, Ramp, Whoop, Grammarly, and over 1000 others.</p>
<p>Our team focuses on making a meaningful impact for our customers. We approach challenges with first-principles thinking, move quickly and efficiently, and treat each other with compassion and kindness. We look for team members who are strong communicators, have a growth mindset, and are motivated and persistent in achieving our goals.</p></div><div>
<h2>About The Role</h2>
<p>The Customer Success Engineering role is demanding and requires strong organizational skills and an ability to multitask. You’ll work directly with all users to ensure they can get the most value from the platform. This may include answering questions in Intercom, Slack, on the phone, or through email. The nature of the work is technical and requires an understanding of how to read API documentation, how the standard suite of SaaS tools work (e.g. CRMs, ESPs, ERPs, etc...), and the basic building blocks of customers use data.</p>
<p>The Customer Success Engineering role is also designed to provide broad exposure across the organization, including tight collaboration with Solutions Architects, Solutions Engineers, Marketing, Engineering, and Operations. The role is perfect for strong team players that want to have impact across the company and with our customers.</p>
</div>
<h2>What You'll Do</h2>
<p>The ideal candidate is hungry to learn, excited to cross-functionally collaborate, driven to deliver optimal customer experiences, and is excited to learn from and teach others. Hightouch is still a startup, which translates to pitching in across the organization and wearing many hats as we grow. You will be excited for an opportunity that allows you to be an important member of an exceptional company, be willing to ask questions when you’re unsure, and take initiative when you’re passionate about a topic/solution/process.</p>
<p>Finally, you’ll need to be a self-starter, comfortable with ambiguity, willing to challenge the status quo, and a strong team player. Everyone at Hightouch plays an important role in our growth and this position is at the forefront of our efforts to drive an exceptional for every user. We’re of the firm belief that keeping customers promises is how we’ll win and we’re excited for this role to play an integral part of the customer journey.</p>
<h2>What We're Looking For</h2>
<ul>
<li>2+ years in a customer-facing role</li>
<li>Technical background either through experience or education</li>
<li>Conversant in SQL or willing to learn the basics and a few more advanced topics</li>
<li>Strong discovery and interpersonal skills</li>
<li>Intellectual curiosity, high ambition, and humility</li>
<li>High proficiency in reading, writing, and speaking English</li>
<li>Ability to adapt to an ever-changing work environment</li>
<li>Thorough understanding of the technology industry and its players</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>E-Verify Statement</strong></p>
<p><em>Hightouch participates in E-Verify. We will provide the Social Security Administration, and if necessary, the Department of Homeland Security, with information from each new employee’s Form I-9 to confirm work authorization. Please note that we do not use this information to pre-screen job applicants.<br></em><em><br></em><a href="https://www.rhoworld.com/wp-content/uploads/E-Verify\_Participation\_Poster-1.pdf"><em>E-Verify Notice</em><em><br></em></a><a href="https://www.rhoworld.com/wp-content/uploads/E-Verify\_Participation\_Poster\_ES-1.pdf"><em>E-Verify Notice (Spanish)</em><em><br></em></a><a href="https://www.rhoworld.com/wp-content/uploads/ier\_poster\_final.pdf"><em>Right to Work Notice</em><em><br></em></a><a href="https://www.rhoworld.com/wp-content/uploads/spanish\_ier\_poster\_final.pdf"><em>Right to Work Notice (Spanish)</em></a></p></div>