**About the Team**

Want to be the brains behind our robust systems? Then joining us as Software Development Engineer - III - Backend may be the right thing for you!

When 5% of Indian households shop with us, it’s important to build resilient systems to manage millions of orders every day. We’ve done this – with zero downtime! 😎

Sounds impossible? Well, that’s the kind of Engineering muscle that has helped Meesho become the e-commerce giant that it is today. We value speed over perfection, and see failures as opportunities to become better. We’ve taken steps to inculcate a strong ‘Founder’s Mindset’ across our engineering teams, making us grow and move fast.

We place special emphasis on the continuous growth of each team member - and we do this with regular 1-1s and open communication. As Software Development Engineer - III - Backend, you will be part of self-starters who thrive on teamwork and constructive feedback.

We know how to party as hard as we work! If we aren’t building unparalleled tech solutions, you can find us debating the plot points of our favourite books and games – or even gossipping over chai. So, if a day filled with building impactful solutions with a fun team sounds appealing to you, join us.

**About the Role**

As an SDE - III (Backend), you will solve real-life complex problems and create compelling experiences for our users. In this role, you will ensure that the solutions and processes that we create are of the highest quality. And in doing so, you will champion a seamless app experience for all our users. You will also collaborate with your fellow engineers to create scalable solutions that are pertinent to Meesho’s overall growth.

If you are confident about solving hard, interesting and UNIQUE problems, and creating an impact within an entrepreneurial environment, then you might just be our next SDE - III (Backend).

## What you will do

- Collaborate with teams to develop and support the smooth 24x7 operation of our service
- Create prototypes and proofs-of-concept for iterative development
- Stay updated with emerging tech cultures and implement them in production systems
- Develop scalable, long-term strategies to aid the  company’s 10X growth
- Ensure content quality and consistency of the brand
- Reduce technical debt with quality coding

## What you will need

- BTech degree in computer science or related field
- 4-6 years of relevant work experience
- Strong experience in Java
- Strong knowledge of any of the databases like MySQL, NoSQL, SQL Server, Oracle, PostgreSQL
- Experience in scripting languages like Python, PHP, etc.
- Hands-on experience with systems that are asynchronous, RESTful, and demand concurrency
- Knowledge of best software engineering practices for all stages of software development life cycle

**About us**

Welcome to Meesho, where every story begins with a spark of inspiration and a dash of entrepreneurial spirit. We're not just a platform; we're your partner in turning dreams into realities.

**Curious about life at Meesho? Explore our Glassdoor - our people have a lot to say and they've helped us become a loved workplace in India.**

**Our Mission**

Democratising internet commerce for everyone — Meesho (Meri Shop) started with a single idea in mind: to be an e-commerce destination for Indian consumers and to enable small businesses to succeed online.

We provide our sellers with benefits such as zero commission and affordable shipping solutions in the market. Today, sellers nationwide are growing their businesses by tapping into Meesho’s large and diverse customer base, state-of-the-art tech infrastructure, and pan-India logistics network through trusted third-party partners.

Affordable, relatable merchandise that mirrors local markets has helped us connect with internet users and serve customers across urban, semi-urban, and rural India. Our unique business model and continuous innovation have established us as a part of India’s e-commerce ecosystem.

**Culture and Total Rewards**

Our focus is on cultivating a dynamic workplace characterized by high impact and performance excellence. We prioritize a people-centric culture, dedicated to hiring and developing exceptional talent.

Total rewards at Meesho comprise a comprehensive set of elements — monetary, non-monetary, tangible, and intangible. Our 9 guiding principles, or "Mantras," are the backbone of how we operate, influencing everything from recognition and evaluation to growth discussions. Daily rituals and processes like “Problem First Mindset,” “Listen or Die,” our Internal Mobility Program, Talent Reviews, and Continuous Performance Management embody these principles.

We offer competitive compensation — both cash and equity-based — tailored to job roles, individual experience, and skill, along with employee-centric benefits and a supportive work environment. Our holistic wellness program, MeeCare, includes benefits across physical, mental, financial, and social wellness. This includes extensive medical insurance for employees and their families, wellness initiatives like telehealth, wellness events, and fitness-related perks.

To support work-life balance, we offer generous leave policies, parental support, retirement benefits, and learning and development assistance. Through personalized recognition, gratitude for stretched work, and engaging activities, we promote employee delight at the workplace. Additional benefits such as salary advance support, relocation assistance, and flexible benefit plans further enrich the Meesho experience.

Know more about Meesho here : <https://www.meesho.io/>