<p>
  <strong>Headquarters:</strong> Hybrid,London
</p>

<p>Most cat food contains just 4% meat, filled with powdered derivatives, grains, and fillers—cheap for companies, but hard for cats to digest.</p><p>At KatKin, we do things differently. Our 100% Fresh-cooked, premium meat recipes are crafted by in-house vets and nutritionists to give cats the best, most natural nutrition—delivered straight to their door.</p><p>KatKin is building a global challenger brand in cat health and wellbeing, going after a $50B global market. Beyond the core product of Fresh food for cats, KatKin’s vision is to build a set of products and services for Cat Parents to manage their cat’s health. Everything from litter and treats, to digital health management for your cat.</p><p>Today, KatKin’s core DTC business is in the UK, with retail presence across the UK and Europe. We will expand DTC to the European market later this year.</p><p>As Senior Growth Product Manager, you will be owning the digital journeys that convert site visitors into customers, across all acquisition channels. You will be solving the unique challenges we face, such as educating about a new concept, communicating value for money, and personalising the journey to suit different needs. Your work will directly contribute to the number 1 strategic focus of the company - growing the customer base.</p><p>You will work closely with Product Design and Engineering as a product trio, in a fast moving Scrum environment. You will also build strong relationships with Growth, Creative, Cat Experts and other functions within the business to ensure high alignment and swift delivery. You will gain a deep understanding of customer pain points, identify the most impactful opportunities, design and implement the most effective solutions. You will own the strategy and roadmap for your area, ensuring we effectively educate customers on the benefits of fresh pet food while crafting a world-class digital experience to effortlessly explore and buy our products.</p><ul><li><p>Lead a cross-functional group.&nbsp;You will optimise conversion rates across acquisition channels, using data-driven insights and rapid experimentation.</p></li><li><p>Identify the biggest opportunities.&nbsp;You will focus on accelerating product-led growth, leveraging research and analytics to focus efforts where they matter most.</p></li><li><p>Prioritise effectively.&nbsp;You will balance quick wins with long-term growth, while diversifying and strengthening acquisition channels.</p></li><li><p>Collaborate with Product, Design, and Engineering.&nbsp;You will build strong relationships and processes in order to launch and iterate fast on growth initiatives in an agile environment.</p></li><li><p>Develop a deep understanding of customers.&nbsp;You will use qualitative and quantitative insights to uncover friction points and opportunities.</p></li><li><p>Own key growth metrics. You will set north star metrics, track performance, analyse experiments, and optimise based on data.</p></li></ul><ul><li><p>Experience in product-led growth, with a strong focus on acquisition CRO—you know how to run structured experiments that drive measurable impact.</p></li><li><p>Data-driven decision-maker—comfortable using tools like Posthog and Looker, knowledge in SQL is a plus (or willing to learn).</p></li><li><p>Customer-obsessed—skilled in conducting user research to deeply understand motivations, barriers, and opportunities.</p></li><li><p>Strong A/B testing expertise—understands how to design, execute, and interpret experiments to maximise learnings.</p></li><li><p>Thrives in fast-paced environments—proactive in solving challenges where processes may still be evolving.</p></li><li><p>Collaborative leader—able to align and inspire cross-functional teams, creating an environment where experimentation and learning drive success. Experienced in working with Product Design and Engineering as a Product Trio is a plus.</p></li><li><p>Creative and strategic thinker—comfortable pushing boundaries and challenging assumptions to unlock new opportunities.</p></li><li><p>Experience in DTC or e-commerce business operating internationally is a plus.</p></li></ul><ul><li><p>Competitive salary - £75,000 - £95,000</p></li><li><p>An exciting opportunity to have full autonomy in an area that can deliver visible impact to the business.</p></li><li><p>25 days of holiday every year plus your birthday off and an additional day for every year at KatKin</p></li><li><p>4 week WFA (work from anywhere) policy</p></li><li><p>Hybrid working, up to 2 days WFH (work from home) every week</p></li><li><p>12-weeks paternity / maternity leave</p></li><li><p>Discount on KatKin fresh food and pantry products for your cat, and £500 for new cat parents</p></li><li><p>Comprehensive AXA health insurance including optical and dental</p></li><li><p>£800 yearly personal development budget</p></li><li><p>Macbook Pro</p></li><li><p>Company pension</p></li><li><p>Regular company socials and lunch provided on Mondays</p></li><li><p>All the fresh fruit, soft drinks, tea and coffee you can eat and drink; great banter and a cat (and dog) friendly office</p></li><li><p>No egos and a small close-knit team</p></li></ul>

<p><strong>To apply:</strong> <a href="https://weworkremotely.com/remote-jobs/katkin-senior-growth-product-manager">https://weworkremotely.com/remote-jobs/katkin-senior-growth-product-manager</a></p>