<p><strong>Start Date &amp; Duration</strong>: June 2026, minimum 8 months</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>Looking for an opportunity with commercial frontline responsibility and the opportunity to work on live client projects? If so, our Client Service Trainee program is the right choice for you.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>Consider the Client Service Trainee program if:</p>
<ul>
<li>You thrive in a fast-paced, target-driven environment.</li>
<li>You possess a client-first mindset.</li>
<li>You excel under pressure and enjoy working to tight deadlines.</li>
<li>You are gritty, resilient and ready to roll up your sleeves and make things happen.</li>
<li>You speak business Korean and English.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>A day in the life of a Client Service Trainee</p>
<p>As a trainee in the Client Service team, you’ll be the link between our clients and the expert knowledge they seek. Throughout your workday, you’ll work on multiple projects from investors, strategists and dealmakers at top-tier client organizations seeking expert insights to inform their decision-making. This is a communications-intense frontline role requiring you to multitask across parallel workstreams.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Your responsibilities will include:</p>
<ul>
<li>Recruiting experts: you will spend a significant part of your day speaking on the phone with experts who are uniquely relevant matches for your clients’ projects, often under tight deadlines.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Understanding the project and market context and the legal and regulatory environment in which your clients and experts operate.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Taking ownership of every aspect of your projects, from initiating and managing client-expert communications to meticulously scheduling calls to ensure seamless collaboration between them.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Ensuring success for our Client Service Trainee means:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p style="padding-left: 40px;">A. Giving you an introduction to the business world without being pigeonholed into any one industry or profession.</p>
<p style="padding-left: 40px;">B. Helping you develop transferable commercial and client management skills spanning professional communications, negotiation, persuasion, project and time management.</p>
<p style="padding-left: 40px;">C. Providing you with a mentor, dedicated time with senior leadership, and the opportunity to deliver a business-related project to our co-founder and Region Head.&nbsp;</p>
<p style="padding-left: 40px;">D. Opportunity to receive a full-time employment offer to return. Learn more about our commercial career paths&nbsp;<a href="https://www.alphasights.com/careers/">here.</a></p>
<p style="padding-left: 40px;">E. An inspiring, high-energy, merit-based environment with ambitious peers.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Requirements</strong></p>
<p>You’ll need to bring your A game to work, daily. We are looking for:</p>
<ul>
<li>Currently studying towards a bachelor’s or master’s degree due to graduate in 2027 or 2028</li>
<li>Track record of strong academic performance (3.4 GPA)</li>
<li>Noteworthy extracurricular achievement throughout school and university.</li>
<li>Relevant internship experience</li>
<li>Fluent Korean and English or C2 level is required</li>
<li>For international applicants: Only D-10-1 holders are eligible &amp; TOPIK Level 4 or higher is required</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Compensation and benefits</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Expect compensation ranging from 2,500,000-4,000,000 KRW per month, based on individual performance.&nbsp;</li>
<li>1 annual vacation is accrued per month</li>
<li>Opportunity to receive a full-time employment offer to return based on performance</li>
<li>Possibility of conversion to full-time employment based on performance after program completion; bonus points awarded in the recruitment process for re-applying after graduation</li>
<li>Option to work from home on Fridays</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>