<div class="content-intro"><p><strong><em>🚀 We’re on a mission to make money work for everyone.</em></strong></p>
<p>We’re waving goodbye to the complicated and confusing ways of traditional banking.</p>
<p>After starting as a prepaid card, our product offering has grown a lot in the last 10 years in the UK. As well as&nbsp;<a href="https://monzo.com/current-account/personal">personal</a> and <a href="https://monzo.com/business-banking">business</a> bank accounts, we offer <a href="https://monzo.com/current-account/joint-account">joint accounts</a>, <a href="https://monzo.com/current-account/16-17">accounts for 16-17 year olds</a>, a <a href="https://monzo.com/current-account/under-16s">free kids account</a> and <a href="https://monzo.com/flex">credit cards</a> in the UK, with more exciting things to come beyond. Our UK customers can also <a href="https://monzo.com/savings">save</a>, <a href="https://monzo.com/investments">invest </a>and&nbsp;<a href="https://monzo.com/pensions">combine their pensions</a> with us.&nbsp;</p>
<p>With our hot coral cards and get-paid-early feature, combined with financial education on social media and our award winning customer service, we have a long history of creating magical moments for our customers!</p>
<p>We’re not about selling products - we want to solve problems and change lives through Monzo ❤️</p>
<hr>
<p>&nbsp;</p></div><p><span style="font-size: 10pt;">📍 London/Cardiff/UK Remote | 💰£80,000 - £92,000 + Incentive Awards tied to your performance +&nbsp;<a href="https://monzo.com/careers/">Benefits</a>&nbsp; ✨<br></span></p>
<h3><span style="font-size: 10pt;"><strong>Our Data Protection team ⭐</strong></span></h3>
<p><span style="font-size: 10pt;">At Monzo, we’re building a bank that people trust - not just with their money, but with their data. We’re looking for a knowledgeable, collaborative and experienced Data Protection Manager to make sure we’re customer and people-focused, innovative, and providing Monzo with pragmatic, business friendly advice. Working within our Data Protection team, you will perform a critical role in making sure that&nbsp; data protection is baked into the products and services we ship, helping the business scale quickly and safely.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-size: 10pt;">As a Data Protection Manager, you will be part of our 1st line team. The team is operational, dynamic and moves at pace. We’ll need you to work with the business, be close to our product teams to enable growth and diversification on our journey to building a new way of banking. Monzo is not an organisation that lives to tick boxes, we need to strike the right balance for our customers to continue to grow and provide the best products and services.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-size: 10pt;">The Data Protection Manager will report to our Senior Data Protection Manager in the 1st line team within the Security Collective. You will be expected to work closely with the 2nd and 3rd line teams as well as key stakeholders from every area of Monzo. </span></p>
<p><span style="font-size: 10pt;"><strong><br>🔑 You’ll play a key role by...</strong></span></p>
<ul>
<li style="font-size: 10pt;"><span style="font-size: 10pt;">Embedding data protection principles into the products and services we build, ensuring privacy is considered from day one</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 10pt;"><span style="font-size: 10pt;">Partnering closely with teams across Monzo to provide clear, pragmatic advice on data protection risks and requirements</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 10pt;"><span style="font-size: 10pt;">Supporting large-scale, high-impact projects to help the business grow safely and responsibly</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 10pt;"><span style="font-size: 10pt;">Designing and improving data protection controls, policies, and processes to strengthen our overall framework</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 10pt;"><span style="font-size: 10pt;">Building scalable processes to manage data subject rights and regulatory obligations in a fast-growing environment</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 10pt;"><span style="font-size: 10pt;">Delivering training and guidance to teams, helping build a strong culture of data protection across Monzo</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 10pt;"><span style="font-size: 10pt;">Supporting the management of incidents and breaches, working with stakeholders to resolve issues effectively</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 10pt;"><span style="font-size: 10pt;">Collaborating with 1st, 2nd, and 3rd line teams to ensure a joined-up, consistent approach to data protection&nbsp;</span></li>
</ul>
<h3><span style="font-size: 10pt;"><strong>🤩 We’d love to hear from you if…</strong></span></h3>
<ul>
<li style="font-size: 10pt;"><span style="font-size: 10pt;">You have experience navigating data protection challenges in fast-growing companies or advising tech businesses</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 10pt;"><span style="font-size: 10pt;">You bring strong knowledge of UK GDPR, PECR, and related regulations (through experience or qualifications)</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 10pt;"><span style="font-size: 10pt;">You’re confident managing risk and understand how to apply governance in a practical, business-friendly way</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 10pt;"><span style="font-size: 10pt;">You can break down complex problems and work with stakeholders to deliver clear, actionable solutions</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 10pt;"><span style="font-size: 10pt;">You enjoy partnering with teams across a business and thrive in collaborative, fast-paced environments</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 10pt;"><span style="font-size: 10pt;">You’re a strong communicator who can influence and engage a wide range of audiences</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 10pt;"><span style="font-size: 10pt;">You’re proactive, comfortable with ambiguity, and motivated to drive meaningful improvements</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 10pt;"><span style="font-size: 10pt;">You hold a relevant certification such as CIPP, CIPT, CIPM, or ISEB</span></li>
</ul>
<p><span style="font-size: 10pt;">Not ticking every box? That’s totally okay! Studies show that women and people of colour might hesitate to apply unless they meet every single requirement. At Monzo, we’re dedicated to creating a diverse and welcoming team. If you’re passionate about this role and keen to learn and grow with us, we encourage you to apply— even if you don’t have everything that's listed just yet. Drop us your application, we’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
<h3><span style="font-size: 10pt;"><strong>🙌 What’s in it for you</strong></span></h3>
<p><span style="font-size: 10pt;">💰 £80,000 - £92,000 ➕ Incentive Awards tied to your performance</span><br><span style="font-size: 10pt;">📍 This role can be based in our London office, but we're open to distributed working within the UK (with ad hoc meetings in London)</span><br><span style="font-size: 10pt;">⏰ We offer flexible working hours and trust you to work enough hours to do your job well, and at times that suit you and your team</span><br><span style="font-size: 10pt;">📚 £1,000 learning budget each year to use on books, training courses and conferences</span><br><span style="font-size: 10pt;">🏡 We will set you up to work from home; all employees are given MacBooks and for fully remote workers we will provide extra support for your work-from-home setup</span><br><span style="font-size: 10pt;">➕ Plus lots more! Read our full list of benefits</span></p>
<h3><span style="font-size: 10pt;"><strong>🌈 The application journey has 3 key steps</strong></span></h3>
<ul>
<li><span style="font-size: 10pt;">30 min recruiter call</span></li>
<li><span style="font-size: 10pt;">30 min call with the hiring manager</span></li>
<li><span style="font-size: 10pt;">2 hours of technical and behavioural interviews<br><strong><br></strong></span></li>
</ul>
<p><span style="font-size: 10pt;">This process should take around 4 weeks - your schedule is really important to us, so we promise to be as flexible as possible!</span></p>
<p><span style="font-size: 10pt;">We have some guidelines on using Artificial Intelligence (AI) to ace an application and interview at Monzo. You can read them here.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-size: 10pt;">We’ll only close this role once we have enough applications for the next stage. Please submit your application as soon as possible to make sure you don’t miss out.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-size: 10pt;">#LI-REMOTE #LI-OS1</span></p><div class="content-conclusion"><hr>
<p><strong>Equal opportunities for everyone</strong></p>
<p>Diversity and inclusion are a priority for us and we’re making sure we have lots of support for all of our people to grow at Monzo. At Monzo, we’re embracing diversity by fostering an inclusive environment for all people to do the best work of their lives with us. This is integral to our mission of making money work for everyone. You can read more in our <a href="https://monzo.com/blog/diversity-and-inclusion">blog</a>, 2024 <a href="https://monzo.com/blog/our-2024-diversity-and-inclusion-report" target="\_blank">Diversity and Inclusion Report</a> and 2024 <a href="https://monzo.com/blog/an-update-on-our-gender-pay-gap-2024">Gender Pay Gap Report.</a></p>
<p>We’re an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be considered for employment without attention to age, ethnicity, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, family or parental status, national origin, or veteran, neurodiversity or disability status.</p>
<p>If you have a preferred name, please use it to apply. We don't need full or birth names at application stage 😊</p></div>