We’re a team of 500+ professionals who develop cutting-edge web data gathering solutions for thousands of the world’s best known businesses, including Fortune 500 companies.

**What’s in store for you:**

You’ll be solving challenges for top-tier clients and collaborating with industry professionals. We’ll fuel your professional growth with vast internal and external learning resources and an environment of teaming up and knowledge sharing.

Are you ready to architect the paid media engine that fuels our growth?

We’re a web data company that consistently releases innovative products, empowering the world’s most prestigious organizations—from S&P 500 giants to cutting-edge AI startups. We have a high-performing foundation, and now we need a leader to scale [it.As](http://it.As) our Senior PPC Manager, you will have the autonomy and ownership to architect our entire paid media function. You’ll take a proven strategy and build it for global scale, directly fueling the commercial success of our products. With significant budgets at your command, you'll build and optimize the machine that delivers our innovative technology to a world-class audience.

If you are a data-driven strategist who thrives on ownership and is passionate about building scalable, profitable growth engines, we would love to hear from you!

## Your day-to-day:

- Managing B2B oriented paid ad campaigns across search, display, video, social and retargeting networks.
- Identifying the best marketing strategies, visuals, and copy for a successful campaign scale.
- Manage and allocate substantial advertising budgets to maximise campaign profitability and return on investment.
- Conduct market and competitive research on a regular basis to identify new opportunities and directions for our advertising campaigns.
- Build and execute a scalable paid media roadmap while maintaining or improving current efficiency metricsIdentify and test new channels, platforms, and ad formats to diversify acquisition sources and reduce channel dependency.
- Translate complex performance data into clear, actionable insights and strategic recommendations for senior stakeholders.
- Collaborate closely with Content and SEO teams, Sales and Product.

## Your skills & experience:

- **Proven Experience:** At least 2 years of hands-on experience planning, executing, and optimising campaigns on Google Ads. At least 1 year of experience fully owning PPC for product or project.
- **Data Proficiency:** Advanced knowledge of GA4 and GTM, combined with strong analytical skills to collect, interpret, and report on data with meticulous attention to detail.
- **International Scope:** Demonstrable experience managing paid media campaigns for international markets.
- **Communication Skills:** Exceptional written and verbal communication skills in English, essential for both creating compelling ad copy and collaborating effectively with the team.
- **Professional Mindset:** A strong sense of ownership and a proactive approach to tasks and problem-solving.
- **Growth Orientation:** A genuine passion for learning and a clear desire to develop your expertise in PPC and the broader media buying landscape.
- **Teamwork:** A self-starter who works well independently but also thrives as a supportive member of a collaborative team.
- **AI proficiency:** AI user for day-to-to-day task efficiency and ppc optimisation.

Nice to have:

- Experience in B2B / SaaS advertising would be an advantage.
- Experience working with Reddit, Stack overflow, Linkedin or other channels (not really interested in Meta).
- CRO / landing page testing experience.

## Salary:

- Gross salary: 3400-4700 EUR/month. Keep in mind that we are open to discuss a different salary based on your skills and competencies.

To support your professional growth and make you feel taken care of, we’ve put together an expansive benefit package. It covers learning, well-being, celebration, and much more  — learn all about it [**here**](https://career.oxylabs.io/blog/our-work-benefits/).

**Up for the challenge? Let’s talk!**