<h2><strong>Who we are</strong></h2>
<h3><strong>About Stripe</strong></h3>
<p>Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies—from the world’s largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyone’s reach while doing the most important work of your career.</p>
<h3><strong>About the team</strong></h3>
<p>The Startup SaaS Platform team works with European startups in one of Stripe’s must-win segments. At Stripe, SaaS platforms are companies using Stripe to embed payments and make financial services a core part of their own product, meaning their partnership with Stripe is vital to the success of their business, like Shopify, Mindbody and Lightspeed.</p>
<p>Saas platforms are a global priority for Stripe, and our team identifies and develops Stripe’s future strategic accounts in Europe. We identify and partner with high-potential companies, helping them leverage Stripe’s solutions to better support their users, scale globally and create new revenue streams through monetisation of payments and financial services.</p>
<h2><strong>What you’ll do</strong></h2>
<p>We’re hiring for new business acquisition account executive roles on this team. As a Hunter Account Executive on the Startup SaaS Platforms team, you will be instrumental in driving Stripe’s future growth.&nbsp;</p>
<p><br>The role will involve prospecting to businesses, articulating the value of Stripe and strategically advising them on how they can optimize their business using Stripe solutions, either for the first time or by expanding their use of Stripe. We guide our users to understand how Stripe’s modern financial infrastructure can support their growth ambitions and provide a competitive edge for their business or product.</p>
<h3><strong>Responsibilities</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Directly manage and cultivate a named account list while crafting comprehensive account plans aimed at winning and expanding business with high growth Startups.</li>
<li>Understand users' pain points and our value to SaaS platform clients, proposing tailored solutions that consult on their long-term growth.</li>
<li>Bring clients through complex evaluations of Stripe’s solutions for SaaS platforms, working with<strong> </strong>cross-functional teams (Product, Risk, Operations) to successfully follow new projects through to activation and adoption.</li>
<li>Foster relationships with executive stakeholders and represent Stripe in the local startup ecosystem to help us grow our footprint and mindshare.</li>
<li>Work with other cross-functional teams on shared initiatives to drive internal efficiency and broader business impact.</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Who you are</strong></h2>
<p>We’re looking for a curious, well-rounded strategic seller who can build strong relationships with Stripe’s clients in this key segment. You are comfortable owning your territory, balancing a mix of high value, strategic deals with smaller, high velocity deal cycles.</p>
<p>You are solution-oriented, adaptable, have a keen interest in further developing yourself and know how to get things done. You do enjoy a highly-technical sales cycle and working with a diverse group of internal stakeholders.</p>
<p>We’re looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.</p>
<h3><strong>Minimum requirements</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>4-6+ years of experience in a client-facing/closing sales role</li>
<li>Ability to understand complex technical ecosystems</li>
<li>Desire to build great relationships, often with technical customers</li>
<li>Analytical ability to manage complex sales cycles</li>
<li>Agile and adaptable individual capable of operating in highly ambiguous and fluid environments, specifically managing high-velocity deal cycles.</li>
<li>Bias towards team success and knowledge sharing</li>
<li>A knack for seeking out and working well with a wide range of stakeholders, both internally and externally</li>
<li>Motivation to operate in a highly ambiguous and fluid environment</li>
<li>Proficient in both written and spoken English</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>Preferred requirements</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Prior experience in a sales and/or customer-facing role at a high growth technology company</li>
<li>Prior experience working directly with or selling to Startups</li>
<li>Prior experience working directly with or selling to portfolio companies of VC funds.</li>
<li>Comfort interpreting and discussing API-first solutions</li>
</ul>