We are seeking an Area Sales Manager to lead the expansion of Super's home warranty subscriptions in the Northern Virginia area, primarily through real estate partners. In this role, you will focus on driving growth through our exciting new partnership with Long & Foster Real Estate—one of the largest and most reputable real estate firms in the United States. This partnership with Long & Foster not only reflects Super’s ongoing growth but also our commitment to transforming the home warranty industry. In this role, you’ll engage closely with real estate agents, brokers, and managers, positioning Super as a top choice to conventional home warranty options.

Home warranty is a multi-billion dollar industry, but has been the most complained about category on Angie’s List for more than a decade. Super is a Silicon Valley technology company reinventing not only this industry, but ultimately the entire home ownership experience.

You will be working together with residential real estate agents, brokers, office managers, and regional managers to offer Super as an alternative to the old-school home warranty partners they work with today. Our real estate partners benefit by providing clients with a dramatically superior service, thereby increasing client satisfaction and increasing agents’ sales from referrals in the future. Homeowners benefit from a much higher quality home warranty solution and an overall hassle-free homeownership experience.

## You will:

- Lead Long & Foster Partnership Expansion: Establish, integrate, and drive growth within our partnership with Long & Foster, bringing Super’s innovative home solutions to one of the largest and most respected real estate networks in the country.
- Nurture and expand relationships with Super's existing referral partners already established in this growing territory.
- Grow referral base through creatively and energetically engaging prospective real estate partners.
- Provide persuasive and action-inducing individual and group presentations to real estate professionals.
- Navigate organizations to meet with the true decision makers to sign brokerage-level partnership agreements.
- Leverage your residential real estate knowledge and regularly educate partners on the benefits of the current product offering and new product enhancements.
- Analyze market feedback to determine competitive strategies and tactics to win more business.
- Provide information from the field back to Super so that we may improve our product.
- Build personal relationships that you will take with you throughout your entire career.
- Always be ethical and trustworthy in the performance of your duties.

## We’ll pay you a competitive salary and commission structure, provide stock options, and give you tools to help you achieve your objectives. But the true perks for you might be:

- The opportunity to join a fast growing Silicon Valley technology company.
- Playing a critical early role in reinventing the home warranty industry and providing hassle-free homeownership.
- A unique professional opportunity different than any other in residential real estate sales.

## Requirements:

- 5-7+ years sales experience, ideally in territory sales (real estate or related industries a plus)
- Must possess a valid driver's license and have the ability and willingness to drive own vehicle (subject to mileage reimbursement)
- Track record of establishing quick rapport and impactful professional relationships.
- Master presenter.
- High energy / high integrity.
- Able to thrive in a startup environment - moves quickly, thinks strategically, and excels at tactical execution.
- Exceptional organizational, presentation, and communication skills - both verbal and written.
- Demonstrated ability to deal with change and be a team player

**COMPANY OVERVIEW**

Super is on a mission to make caring for your home completely carefree. We are a subscription home care company delivering quick and effective home repair and maintenance at a predictable cost, using technology to take the hassle out of homeownership. Sitting squarely within the insuretech, prop-tech, and subscription industries, Super’s poised to grow more than 2X/year in the coming several years.

Our culture is collaborative, dynamic, and data-driven. If you want to work with a stellar and seasoned leadership team with a winning track record, and at the forefront of the multi-billion dollar home service industry, this just might be the team for you.

Super closed an oversubscribed $51M Series C funding round in early 2021, led by Wells Fargo, with participation by Asahi Kasei, AAA - Auto Club Group, Gaingels, Second Century Ventures, the NATIONAL ASSOCIATION OF REALTORS®' strategic technology investment fund. Existing investors Aquiline Technology Growth, Liberty Mutual Strategic Ventures, Moderne Ventures and the HSB Fund of Munich Re Ventures also participated.

The company is headquartered in San Francisco, CA, and by late 2021 will be available in 14 regions across 8 states.

**FAIRNESS AND DIVERSITY**

At Super, we value diversity and know that diverse workplaces lead to a culture of innovation and more powerful business outcomes. Therefore, we always treat all employees and job applicants based on merit, qualifications, competence, and talent. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. We will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance. Applicants in need of special assistance or accommodation during the interview process or in accessing our website may contact us by sending an email to assistance(at)[hellosuper.com](http://hellosuper.com). We will treat your request as confidentially as possible. In your email, please include your name and preferred method of contact, and we will respond as soon as possible.