Pioneer of online flash sales since 2001 and key player in European e-commerce, Veepee collaborates with over 7,000 brands to offer highly discounted products available for a limited time. Operating across various sectors, including fashion, home, wine, travel or beauty... Veepee achieved a turnover of 3.3 billion euros incl. VAT in 2024 and employs 5,000 staff members across 10 countries.

## 📄 JOB DESCRIPTION

- 📈The Data Integration Specialist is in charge of articles data integration into the systems. Data Integration Specialist ensures the integrity of the data and structures business offers and descriptions in order to ensure the accuracy of supplier data. He/she also provides reliable data into the article referencing system to enrich and compare with the previous data.
- 👉For each campaign, a unique database is created to lead the global production and enable the different processes to start.

## 🎯 TASKS

- Format, consolidate, and standardize the commercial offer and description data to enable the production of sales.
- Standardize and integrate key article information into the PIM using Data Integration tools (references, sizes, designations, colors, barcodes, designations, attributes, prices&stock (if needed),  etc.).
- Ensure that the imported data is compliant and meets the established guidelines and standards, and perform the necessary quality checks (with images).
- Communicate with different departments to facilitate sales production (Sourcing, Supply Chain, CM, DF, etc.).
- Ensure data compliance in the systems and address any anomalies identified during production.
- Ensure the daily reporting of tasks carried out.

## 👉 MUST HAVE skills

- Rigor.
- Adaptability.
- Organization skills.
- Good communication.
- Autonomous.
- Team spirit.
- Excel skills.
- Analytical skills.
- Languages: **Intermediate level in English (written and spoken)**. Knowledge of **Dutch / Flemish** is an asset

## ✅ BENEFITS

- Be part of a dynamic and international team!
- Flexible schedule
- Short working day on Fridays
- Team buildings & afterworks
- Hybrid work model→ Possibility of teleworking 2 days a week
- Language e- learning Platform/e-learning communities

## ⚙️SELECTION PROCESS

- 1️⃣HR interview
- 2️⃣Interview with hiring manager.

The Veepee Group processes your data collected as part of the management of your recruitment in order to manage your application file for the position for which you have applied. To find out more about our [personal data protection policy](https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vSo1RtdSKVW0sLLtdwWOSoM3PzGXfqS030q1JrdJXDuOJXfhVwx_YLrrQYJcLQUpA/pub), we invite you to consult it on our career site.