<div class="content-intro"><p>Fastly helps people stay better connected with the things they love. Fastly’s edge cloud platform enables customers to create great digital experiences quickly, securely, and reliably by processing, serving, and securing our customers’ applications as close to their end-users as possible — at the edge of the Internet. The platform is designed to take advantage of the modern internet, to be programmable, and to support agile software development. Fastly’s customers include many of the world’s most prominent companies, including GitHub, Yelp, Paramount, and JetBlue.</p>
<p>We're building a more trustworthy Internet. Come join us.</p></div><h2>Senior SOC Analyst - APAC</h2>
<p>Leveraging our growing security product suite, SOC Analyst role contributes real world security insights to Fastly and our customers as we address Internet-scale threats.&nbsp; Cloud security solutions enable our customers to benefit from extra visibility across the world and expertise from a central team.&nbsp;</p>
<p>The Fastly Customer Security Operations Center team at Fastly focuses on operational support of Fastly’s security products and services. The SOC Analyst role within this team focuses on delivering outstanding security services to our customers, specifically as it pertains to integrating and supporting agent software installed on customer systems.&nbsp; The team works with the security, operations and customer organizations internally&nbsp; to deliver support solutions for security threats faced on the Internet today.</p>
<p>As a 24 x 7 team, SOC analysts are expected to work either Tuesday through Saturday, Sunday through Thursday, or Monday through Friday shifts.</p>
<h3>What You'll Do</h3>
<p>This role within the Fastly Customer Security Operations Center (CSOC) will be responsible for monitoring and analyzing customer activity, with added emphasis on security functions, like identifying account-takeover or Bot Attacks and WAF administration. Much of the focus will be on security and attacks&nbsp; around the application layer working with different web technologies. You will have the opportunity to work on some of the world’s most scalable distributed systems that handle around 10 million requests per second, as well as the world-class engineers who developed these systems.</p>
<p>In this position, security engineers will be responsible for the following duties:</p>
<ul>
<li>
<p>Be an expert in ensuring security for customers, providing an outstanding response to security issues.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Provide deep application-security experience on escalated cases from customers &amp; automated systems.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Carry out continuous-improvement work &amp; research to drive our customer security products &amp; operations to be the best they can be.&nbsp;</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Contribute to the processes and policies that scale our organization as we grow</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Create &amp; review reporting to customers on security services</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Create &amp; manage security content for customer environments</p>
</li>
</ul>
<h2>What We're Looking For</h2>
<ul>
<li>
<p>Prior Experience working in a SOC Environment&nbsp;</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Experience with some or all the following foundational technologies: SaaS/Cloud or hybrid cloud deployments; Apache/NGINX/IIS or other web server platforms and associated Application server technologies and frameworks</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Scripting ability with any of the following: Python, Java, Go, Rust, PHP, Unix/Linux Shell, C#, or other common Web languages</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Strong infosec background with strong knowledge &amp; practical skills in Application Security.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Experience in an IT or security technical support, operations, or research role</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Unix/Linux or Windows System Administration</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Ability to work with limited supervision but be a good mentor on security knowledge to the greater team</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Fluent spoken &amp; written English required, tailoring depth to be a good fit for varying audiences</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Ability and experience in troubleshooting software products</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Focussed on delivering exceptional customer experiences.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>We value a variety of voices, so this is not a laundry list. You’ll be a good candidate if you have experience in SOME of these:</p>
<ul>
<li>
<p>Strong knowledge of core internet-technologies like DNS, HTTP &amp; TLS and how to debug with common tools</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Experience with Data Analytics around spotting threats in customer’s environments.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Monitoring tools (Grafana, Prometheus, Looker or others)</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Security Detection &amp; Response (Log pipelines / SIEM / etc)</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Cloud ecosystem knowledge &amp; experience (GCP or similar)</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Business speaking and writing proficiency in other languages preferred</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Docker or Kubernetes experience - these have widespread use.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Systems Config Management. Ways to make it easier to deploy our software into customer environments is very helpful</p>
<p><strong>Work Hours</strong></p>
<p>This position will require you to work during scheduled hours from 9am - 6pm . As a 24 x 7 team, SOC analysts are expected to work either Tuesday through Saturday, Sunday through Thursday, or Monday through Friday shifts.</p>
<p><br>W<strong>ork Location(s) &amp; Travel Requirements:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>This position is open to the following preferred office location ONLY:</p>
<p>Tokyo, Japan</p>
<p>Fastly currently embraces a largely hybrid model for most roles which allows employees some flexibility to split their time between the office and home. Candidates based remotely in Japan with Japanese language skills will be considered.</p>
<p>This position may require travel as required by your role or requested by your manager.</p>
<p><strong>Salary:</strong></p>
<p>Starting salary may vary based on permissible, non-discriminatory factors such as experience, skills, qualifications, and location.</p>
<p>This role may be eligible to participate in Fastly’s equity and discretionary bonus programs.</p>
<p><strong>Benefits:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>We care about you. Fastly works hard to create a positive environment for our employees, and we think your life outside of work is important too. We support our teams with great benefits that start on the first day of your employment with Fastly. Curious about our offerings?&nbsp;</p>
<p>We offer a comprehensive benefits package designed to meet your needs. Our offerings may vary depending on the country where you work and are subject to change.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>Why Fastly?</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>
<p><strong>We have a huge impact.</strong>&nbsp;Fastly is a small company with a big reach. Not only do<a class="external-link" href="https://www.fastly.com/customers" target="\_blank">&nbsp;our customers</a>&nbsp;have a tremendous user base, but we also support a growing number of<a class="external-link" href="https://www.fastly.com/open-source/" target="\_blank">&nbsp;open source projects and initiatives</a>.&nbsp;Outside of code, employees are encouraged to share causes close to their heart with others so we can help lend a supportive hand.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p><strong>We value diversity.</strong>&nbsp;Growing and maintaining our inclusive and diverse team matters to us. We are committed to being a company where our employees feel comfortable bringing their authentic selves to work and have the ability to be successful -- every day.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p><strong>We are passionate.</strong>&nbsp;Fastly is chock full of passionate people and we’re not ‘one size fits all’. Fastly employs authors, pilots, skiers, parents (of humans and animals), makeup geeks, coffee connoisseurs, and more. We love employees for who they are and what they are passionate about.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>We’re always looking for humble, sharp, and creative folks to join the Fastly team. If you think you might be a fit please apply!</strong><strong> A fully completed application and resume or CV are required when applying.</strong></p>
<p><em>All job applications must be submitted through our official careers site at </em><a href="http://www.fastly.com/careers"><em>www.fastly.com/about/careers</em></a><em>. We will never request sensitive information, such as your Social Security number, bank account or credit card information during the application process. All official communication will come from an @</em><a href="http://fastly.com"><em>fastly.com</em></a><em> or @</em><a href="http://recruiting.fastly.com"><em>recruiting.fastly.com</em></a><em> email address. </em></p>
<p><em><span style="font-weight: 400;">Fastly is committed to ensuring equal employment opportunity and to providing employees with a safe and welcoming work environment free of discrimination and harassment. Our employment decisions are based on business needs, job requirements and individual qualifications.</span></em><em><span style="font-weight: 400;"> All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, family or parental status, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances.</span></em></p>
<p><em><span style="font-weight: 400;">Consistent with the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) and federal or state disability laws, Fastly will provide reasonable accommodations for applicants and employees with disabilities. If reasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and/or to receive other benefits and privileges of employment, please contact your Recruiter, or the Fastly Employee Relations team at </span></em><a href="mailto:candidateaccommodations@fastly.com"><em><span style="font-weight: 400;">candidateaccommodations@fastly.com</span></em></a><em><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or 501-287-4901.&nbsp; </span></em></p>
<p><em>Fastly collects and processes personal data submitted by job applicants in accordance with our<a class="external-link" href="https://www.fastly.com/privacy" target="\_blank">&nbsp;Privacy Policy</a>. Please see our<a class="external-link" href="https://www.fastly.com/privacy-job-applicants" target="\_blank">&nbsp;privacy notice for job applicants</a>.</em></p></div>