<p><strong>About Us: </strong>SumUp is a leading financial technology company that empowers small businesses to succeed in a digital world. Over 4 million businesses rely on SumUp to get paid. Our innovative point-of-sale (POS) and card reader solutions provide seamless payment processing, inventory management, and business analytics, enabling merchants to focus on what they do best. With a range of in-house solutions, from best-in-class card readers and point-of-sale software to other services such as kiosks, business accounts, invoicing software, and lending services, Sumup is a one-stop digital partner for today’s growing small merchants.</p>
<p><strong>Role Description and What is Expected: </strong>This commission-based role requires individuals who are passionate about sales, driven to succeed, and have a proven track record of exceeding targets. As a self-employed Field Sales Consultant at SumUp, you will have the opportunity to earn uncapped commission by building relationships with UK small businesses and helping them understand the value Sumup products can drive. With our expansive product toolkit, you can act as a solutions consultant and offer all solutions in-house.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>What you’ll do:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Identify and engage high-potential clients within your designated territory, focusing on small and medium-sized businesses (SMBs).</li>
<li>Conduct compelling face-to-face meetings and deliver persuasive product demonstrations to showcase the benefits of SumUp's cutting-edge Card reader and POS solutions.</li>
<li>Effectively communicate our products' value proposition and unique selling points, addressing client needs and objections with finesse.</li>
<li>Proactively generate leads and build a robust sales pipeline through networking, referrals, and other targeted activities</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Your profile:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Demonstrated success in a field sales role, ideally from the hospitality and retail industry or other point-of-sale solutions</li>
<li>Proven ability to consistently exceed sales targets &amp; deliver outstanding results.</li>
<li>Excellent communication and interpersonal skills, with the ability to build trust and foster long-term client relationships.</li>
<li>In-depth knowledge of your market and a genuine passion for supporting local SMBs.</li>
<li>Experience with outbound lead generation, cold calling or building lead pipelines.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>What we offer:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Uncapped commission structure, providing unlimited earning potential based on your performance.</li>
<li>Comprehensive training and ongoing professional development opportunities to enhance your sales skills and product knowledge</li>
<li>The chance to run your own business and be a CEO of your company.</li>
</ul>
<p>If you are an exceptional sales professional who thrives in a commission-based environment, we want to hear from you! Join our dynamic team at SumUp and embark on a rewarding sales career where your success knows no limits.</p>
<p><strong>The recruitment Process:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Introductory Pre-Selection meeting with our Talent Acquisition Partner</li>
<li>Technical interview with the Head of Field Sales&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p class="css-v01gqo"><strong>About SumUp:</strong></p>
<p class="css-v01gqo">We believe in the everyday hero. Small business owners are at the heart of all we do, so we're creating tools that help them run their businesses. With a founder’s mentality and a 'team-first' attitude, our diverse teams across Europe, South America, and the United States work together to ensure that the small business owners we partner with can be successful doing what they love.</p>
<p class="css-v01gqo">SumUp is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer that proudly pursues and hires a diverse workforce. SumUp does not make hiring or employment decisions on the basis of race, colour, religion or religious belief, ethnic or national origin, nationality, sex, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, disability, age or any other basis protected by applicable laws or prohibited by company policy. SumUp also strives for a healthy and safe workplace and strictly prohibits harassment of any kind.</p>
<p class="css-v01gqo">SumUp will not accept unsolicited resumes from any source other than directly from a candidate.</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>Job Application Tip</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We recognise that candidates feel they need to meet 100% of the job criteria in order to apply for a job. Please note that this is only a guide. If you don’t tick every box, it’s ok too because it means you have room to learn and develop your career at SumUp.</span></p></div>