<p><strong>This is Adyen</strong></p>
<p>Adyen provides payments, data, and financial products in a single solution for customers like Tomorrowland, Shurgard, Smartphoto, Neuhaus, RSCA in Belgium, or Meta, Uber, H&amp;M, and Microsoft worldwide - making us the financial technology platform of choice. At Adyen, everything we do is engineered for ambition.&nbsp;</p>
<p>For our teams, we create an environment with opportunities for our people to succeed, backed by the culture and support to ensure they are enabled to truly own their careers. We are motivated individuals who tackle unique technical challenges at scale and solve them as a team. Together, we deliver innovative and ethical solutions that help businesses achieve their ambitions faster.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Why you should join the Belgian Adyen Account Management team</strong></p>
<p>At Adyen, the Account Management team is critical to the growth and success of our business, as well as expanding the Adyen brand across the globe. Being part of our Account Management team, you’ll manage relationships with innovative Belgian and international merchants, covering multiple industries and channels. You’ll have the opportunity to work on cross-functional initiatives and projects in a fast-paced, highly entrepreneurial environment with a great deal of autonomy. You’ll become an expert in the global payments landscape and level up your skills through our AM Academy.</p>
<p>We are looking for a proactive and adaptable Account Manager to join our team in Brussels. The ideal candidate is a strategic thinker with a hands-on mentality; someone who is eager to help the world’s biggest brands grow while changing an industry. You are excited to work with a global, multicultural team in a collaborative manner and help your team succeed. Your focus will be on delivering an outstanding customer experience to our Belgian, fast-growth merchants, most of them with international ambitions, finding new opportunities, and driving mutual success for Adyen and our customers.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Account Manager</strong></p>
<p>As an Account Manager, you will be responsible for developing strong relationships by earning trust with our customers, and providing impactful payments insights to help them grow. Our Account Managers are empowered to own the customer relationship and provide best-in-class service to our customers. In this role, you’ll contribute to our ongoing momentum by understanding the unique customer need and identifying commercial opportunities, including expansion opportunities and the addition of value adding products. Self-motivated and resourceful, you’ll bring a strategic mindset and commercial approach to the role.</p>
<p>Our Account Managers are encouraged to challenge each other and sharpen ideas as a team, because winning is more important than ego. In this role, you’ll get excited by working on a portfolio of merchants across a variety of verticals.&nbsp;</p>
<p>You’ll work alongside a group of talented and driven Account Managers, in Belgium and abroad. Together, you’ll focus on efficiency and proactivity whilst developing customer relationships and driving commercial growth for your accounts.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>What You’ll Do:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Relationship management: Responsible for onboarding and growing customers with a focus on commercial growth, customer satisfaction, and reducing churn.</li>
<li>Commercial acumen: Drive commercial discussions for joint accounts, while striving to meet strategic and financial targets.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Project management: Prioritize and manage short and long term projects with varying timelines across multiple accounts, leveraging internal support teams where relevant.</li>
<li>Technical Affinity: Analytical and data-driven thinker who feels comfortable with spreadsheet analysis and technical discussions about the nuances of payments.</li>
<li>Collaboration: As an Account Manager, you will work closely with other Account Managers; collaborating on many different accounts across a wide range of industries.</li>
<li>Help building the team: Adyen is growing, optimising processes and growing the portfolio in a scalable way, is a team effort.&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Who You Are:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Enjoy engaging others and developing strong working relationships internally and externally with customers.</li>
<li>You're a natural-born networker and self-starter, and your communication skills make it easy for you to organize and lead customer meetings in person, over the phone, or online.</li>
<li>Passionate about working on a wide portfolio of accounts and having the opportunity to learn about many aspects of the payments industry</li>
<li>Eager to challenge yourself to identify commercial opportunities and drive commercial discussions with customers</li>
<li>Strong time management skills and constantly looking for ways to work efficiently</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Additional Requirements:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>You have work experience in a client-facing, commercial role, like account management, consulting, or in the payments industry from a merchant side (bonus if in complex enterprise software, technical infrastructure or financial services)</li>
<li>This role is based out of our Brussels office. We have a hybrid workplace and value in-person collaboration; we do not offer remote-only roles.</li>
<li>You have full professional written and verbal proficiency in Dutch, French and English.</li>
<li>Some domestic and international travel is required.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Our Diversity, Equity and Inclusion commitments&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>Our unique approach is a product of our diverse perspectives. This diversity of backgrounds and cultures is essential in helping us maintain our momentum. Our business and technical challenges are unique, and we need as many different voices as possible to join us in solving them - voices like yours. No matter who you are or where you’re from, we welcome you to be your true self at Adyen.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Studies show that women and members of underrepresented communities apply for jobs only if they meet 100% of the qualifications. Does this sound like you? If so, Adyen encourages you to reconsider and apply. We look forward to your application!</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>What’s next?</strong></p>
<p>Ensuring a smooth and enjoyable candidate experience is critical for us. We aim to get back to you regarding your application within 5 business days. Our interview process tends to take about 4 weeks to complete, but may fluctuate depending on the role. <a href="https://careers.adyen.com/how-we-hire">Learn more about our hiring process here</a>. Don’t be afraid to let us know if you need more flexibility.&nbsp;</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>This role is based out of our Brussels office. We are an office-first company and value in-person collaboration; we do not offer remote-only roles.</p>