<p>MongoDB's Application Modernization Platform (AMP) team aims to grow the adoption of MongoDB by accelerating the rate at which legacy applications built on RDBMS can be modernized to MongoDB. The AMP team uses a combination of proprietary GenAI and deterministic tools combined with modernization techniques (methodologies) developed over numerous customer engagements to modernize legacy applications to MongoDB. This involves modernizing both the application tier by decomposing the legacy application into services and building modern services on MongoDB. Our modernization methodologies involve apply specialized tools that automate a wide variety of modernization tasks including analyzing legacy code bases to figure out how to disaggregate them, transforming legacy code (PL/SQL, T-SQL, Java, C#) to modern application frameworks on MongoDB, automated test generation, and side-by-side testing (legacy vs. modern).&nbsp;&nbsp;</p>
<p>We are looking for a Solutions Architect to support the sales and delivery of modernization engagements. Candidates must be located in North America near an airport that will enable them to easily visit customer sites in North America or Europe.</p>
<p>This role will be based remotely in Ireland.</p>
<h3>Roles Responsibilities</h3>
<ul>
<li>Ideally 8 to 11 years of related experience in a customer facing role, with 5 to 7 years of experience in pre-sales with enterprise software</li>
<li>Minimum of 3 years experience with modern scripting languages (e.g. Python, Node.js, SQL) and/or popular programming languages (e.g. C/C++, Java, C#) in a professional capacity</li>
<li>Experience with modern software development processes and application architectures including (not an exhaustive list): agile development, domain driven design, microservice architectures, test-driven development, event-driven architectures, operational data layers, test automation, etc.</li>
<li>Experience designing with scalable and highly available distributed systems in the cloud and on-prem</li>
<li>Facilitate technical workshops and discovery sessions with customer architects, developers, and business leaders</li>
<li>Experience installing and delivering complex demonstrations consisting of multiple applications deployed on Docker and Github Codespaces</li>
<li>Excellent presentation, communication, and interpersonal skills, with the ability to convey complex technical and business concepts in a clear and compelling manner to technology and business leadership</li>
<li>Ability to strategize with sales teams and provide recommendations on how to drive a multi-threaded account strategy, aligning other MongoDB and ecosystem resources to move towards a mutually beneficial account plan</li>
<li>The ability to travel up to 25%</li>
<li>A Bachelor’s degree or equivalent work experience</li>
</ul>
<h3>You may also have:</h3>
<ul>
<li>Experience selling databases and/or deploying applications with any of the major cloud providers</li>
<li>Experience with database programming and data models</li>
<li>Experience in data engineering or AI/ML projects</li>
<li>Experience in transforming legacy systems and platforms into modern, scalable, and efficient technology stacks</li>
<li>Understanding of popular sales methodologies/ frameworks such as MEDDPICC/ Command of the Message</li>
<li>A MongoDB Certification</li>
<li>A Cloud Provider Certification</li>
</ul>
<h3>About MongoDB</h3>
<p>MongoDB is built for change, empowering our customers and our people to innovate at the speed of the market. We have redefined the database for the AI era, enabling innovators to create, transform, and disrupt industries with software. MongoDB’s unified database platform—the most widely available, globally distributed database on the market—helps organizations modernize legacy workloads, embrace innovation, and unleash AI. Our cloud-native platform, MongoDB Atlas, is the only globally distributed, multi-cloud database and is available across AWS, Google Cloud, and Microsoft Azure.</p>
<p>With offices worldwide and nearly 60,000 customers—including 75% of the Fortune 100 and AI-native startups—relying on MongoDB for their most important applications, we’re powering the next era of software.</p>
<p>Our compass at MongoDB is our <a href="https://www.mongodb.com/company">Leadership Commitment,</a> guiding how and why we make decisions, show up for each other, and win. It’s what makes us MongoDB.&nbsp;</p>
<p>To drive the personal growth and business impact of our employees, we’re committed to developing a supportive and enriching culture for everyone. <a href="https://www.mongodb.com/company/blog/culture/employee-benefits-that-make-a-difference-at-mongodb">From employee affinity groups, to fertility assistance and a generous parental leave policy</a>, we value our employees’ wellbeing and want to support them along every step of their professional and personal journeys.<a href="https://www.mongodb.com/blog/channel/culture"> Learn more about what it’s like to work at MongoDB</a>, and help us make an impact on the world!</p>
<p>MongoDB is committed to providing any necessary accommodations for individuals with disabilities within our application and interview process. To request an accommodation due to a disability, please inform your recruiter.</p>
<p>MongoDB is an equal opportunities employer.</p>
<p><em>Req ID: 4263346131</em></p>