<div class="content-intro"><p class="sc-gEkIjz cjtSrT MuiTypography-root MuiTypography-body1 sc-hoLEA">Raisin is the world's leading platform for savings and investment products. Founded in 2012, the&nbsp;<strong>FinTech</strong> connects consumers with banks in the EU, the UK and the US. This gives consumers <strong>better interest rates</strong> and banks a <strong>diversified form of refinancing</strong>. Our vision is to offer savings and investments without barriers and thus open up the global 160 trillion euro market.</p>
<p class="sc-gEkIjz cjtSrT MuiTypography-root MuiTypography-body1 sc-hoLEA">Raisin currently employs more than 800 people from over 75 countries worldwide. Today, the platform holds over 80 billion euros in assets from&nbsp;<strong>more than one million investors</strong> which have accrued over 5 billion euros in returns.</p></div><p><span style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0);"><strong>Team</strong></span></p>
<p>As Product Manager for the Deposit Payments and Bank Integrations team at Raisin, you will own the <strong>end-to-end movement, reconciliation, and reporting of customer funds</strong>, as well as the <strong>interfaces between Raisin and partner banks</strong>.</p>
<p>This includes enabling reliable, scalable integrations for:</p>
<ul>
<li>Payment flows between customers, Raisin, and partner banks</li>
<li>Ongoing synchronisation of accounts, balances, and transactions</li>
<li>Daily position, customer, and deposit reporting to partner banks</li>
</ul>
<p>A core part of the team’s mission is to ensure that partner banks have a <strong>clear, accurate, and timely view of their Raisin-related business</strong>—including customers, deposits, balances, and transaction activity— via well-defined APIs, file-based integrations, and operational reporting.</p>
<p><br><strong>Your Responsibilities</strong></p>
<p>Join our Deposit Payments &amp; Bank Integrations team and help shape how money moves across Raisin’s platform. You’ll work closely with engineering, operations, and business teams to support reliable payment flows, integrations with partner banks, and accurate financial reporting.<br>This role is ideal for someone early in their product career who is curious about how complex systems work and wants to build deep expertise in fintech.<strong><br></strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Plan, draft and track quarterly OKRs, ensuring the team stays on path toward its milestones.</li>
<li>Lead discovery and delivery of products/ features that cut across backend services, APIs, and internal tools.</li>
<li>Act as a bridge between disciplines, translating requirements and technical flows into understandable user outcomes.</li>
<li>Work within a cross-functional squad (Engineering Lead and developers) to refine product requirements and turn customer problems into actionable user stories.</li>
<li>Improve reporting accuracy and payment reliability.</li>
<li>Document integration standards and reconciliation processes.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Your Profile</strong></p>
<div><strong>Must-Haves</strong></div>
<ul>
<li>A degree in an analytical or technical discipline (e.g., Math, Engineering, CS, Finance).</li>
<li>Overall 3+ years experience with 1–2 years of experience in product, operations, business analysis, or similar (internships count).</li>
<li>You will use AI to 10x the quality and pace of product discovery and delivery. Far beyond just chatbots, hands-on agentic product development experience is a plus; while curiosity, adaptability, and sound judgment is non‑negotiable.</li>
<li>Strong understanding of how web and software products are built (APIs, backend/frontend interaction).</li>
<li>Familiarity with Agile and tools like Jira.</li>
<li>Detail-oriented and eager to learn.</li>
</ul>
<div><strong>Nice-to-Haves</strong></div>
<ul>
<li>Exposure to SQL or data analysis.</li>
<li>Understanding of integrations or how systems communicate.</li>
<li>Interest in payments, reconciliation, or fintech.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Join our mission, join our team – and grow with us!</strong></p>
<p>At Raisin, we care about each other and it is one of our top priorities to foster an open and caring environment in which everyone feels welcome and comfortable. Our culture is strongly driven by our ambitious team, which connects more than 75 different nationalities.</p>
<p><strong>As part of our team, you will benefit from:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Employee Development Budget of €2,000 and four full training days per year.</li>
<li>Flexible working hours, home office and 30 vacation days.</li>
<li>A company pension scheme (Betriebliche Altersvorsorge), which we support with 20%.</li>
<li>Enjoy more than 50+ different sports with Urban Sports Club: We subsidize your membership with more than €20 per month.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Do you miss being in the office? The Deutschland Ticket gets you there, which we subsidize with €25 per month.</li>
<li>Love cycling? With JobRad, lease the bike of your choice and enjoy tax savings, plus Raisin covers your monthly insurance costs.</li>
<li>Hungry all the time? Snacks, daily fresh fruit as well as drinks provided at the office.</li>
<li>You are moving from another country or city to join us? We may support your relocation.</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><p><a href="https://www.raisin.com/corporate/raisin-applicant-privacy-policy/"><em>Raisin Applicant Privacy Policy</em></a></p>
<p data-start="728" data-end="900">We value diversity and the unique experiences each individual brings. If you’re excited about this role but don’t meet every requirement, we still encourage you to apply.</p>
<p data-start="907" data-end="1013">We are an equal opportunity employer and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for everyone, regardless of race, colour, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, or gender identity.</p></div>