<h2><strong>Who we are</strong></h2>
<h3><strong>About Stripe</strong></h3>
<p>Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies—from the world’s largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyone’s reach while doing the most important work of your career.</p>
<h3><strong>About The Team</strong></h3>
<p>A Stripe Commercial (Mid-Market) Account Executive partners with high-growth, under-penetrated mid-market businesses to help them scale and modernize their financial infrastructure. These companies—often tech-forward, founder-led, and rapidly scaling—represent Stripe’s next generation of breakout users.</p>
<p>Stripe Commercial AEs are responsible for both acquiring new users and expanding existing relationships. They guide companies through the full sales lifecycle, uncovering pain points, aligning on solutions across Stripe’s product suite, and driving long-term value. Commercial AEs serve as strategic advisors, helping users unlock new revenue, streamline operations, and launch ambitious new products on top of Stripe’s platform.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<h2><strong>What you’ll do</strong></h2>
<p>Commercial AEs own a book of high-potential accounts—some already using Stripe, others still evaluating. They operate with a dual motion: hunting for new growth opportunities and farming existing relationships for deeper adoption and expansion. They work cross-functionally with Solutions, Product, Post-Sales, and Sales Ops to craft tailored strategies and execute at high velocity.</p>
<h3><strong>Responsibilities</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Identify high-potential fast-growing eCommerce platform for a full-stack Stripe implementation, from payments to Connect</li>
<li>Lead a product and pricing workshop with an existing user to introduce Radar and optimize their fraud stack</li>
<li>Develop and execute an outbound play to target a new vertical in their region or territory.</li>
<li>Create and deliver compelling product walkthroughs to showcase how Stripe’s expanding product suite (like Issuing or Treasury) maps to customer goals</li>
<li>Drive commercial discussions and close complex, high-impact deals—both net-new and upsell</li>
<li>Partner with Customer Success and Solutions Architects to resolve user pain points and deepen Stripe integration</li>
<li>Share feedback with Product and Marketing teams to help inform roadmap and messaging priorties</li>
</ul>
<h2>&nbsp;</h2>
<h2><strong>Who you are</strong></h2>
<p>We’re looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.</p>
<h3><strong>Minimum requirements</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>3 years of experience in solution sales field</li>
<li>Verbal and written communication skills in both English and Japanese</li>
<li>Ability to understand complex requirements and craft custom solutions</li>
<li>Strong analytical and quantitative capabilities including comfort with basic financial modeling</li>
<li>Ability to operate in a highly ambiguous and fast-paced environment</li>
<li>Strong interest in technology</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>Preferred Qualifications</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Ability to understand the Stripe API</li>
<li>Experience with Excel and SQL, or a willingness to learn.</li>
</ul>