<p>FlySto is a startup project with a small, distributed team. We have a server, web client, and Android and iOS apps – all written in Kotlin and supported by JetBrains.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Modern aircraft, even small ones, are equipped with sophisticated avionics systems that measure various flight and engine parameters and record them to internal storage or memory cards. The resulting log files contain enough data to literally “replay” an entire flight, displaying the aircraft’s precise position and orientation, along with all instrument readings available to the pilots. Our product allows pilots to store and analyze their flights from different perspectives on the web and mobile devices.&nbsp;</p>
<p>We are currently looking for a Lead Product Designer to join our team!</p>
<p><strong>In this role, you will:</strong>&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>Guide a small team of product designers, ensuring team productivity and high-quality results.</li>
<li>Own the design direction and lead large-scale initiatives from vision and strategy through execution.</li>
<li>Take ownership of the design process hands-on – from research and problem framing to creating wireframes, mockups, and prototypes, as well as delivering a polished UI.</li>
<li>Collaborate with product managers, developers, researchers, and stakeholders to define problems, align on goals, and ensure design solutions meet user and business needs.</li>
<li>Effectively communicate design concepts and decisions to stakeholders and the team to promote alignment and understanding.</li>
<li>Conduct and analyze usability testing and user research to create design solutions based on real user needs and behavioral data.<br><br></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>We will be happy to have you on our team if you:</strong>&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>Are proficient in Figma.</li>
<li>Can apply an existing brand’s visual language consistently within product interfaces.</li>
<li>Are able to clearly articulate design decisions, explain thought processes, identify issues, and justify proposed solutions.</li>
<li>Have a realistic understanding of your strengths and areas for growth.</li>
<li>Can participate actively in product discussions and cross-functional collaboration.</li>
<li>Are able to guide tasks end to end, from design solution through implementation and user feedback.</li>
<li>Feel comfortable working in a highly iterative environment and adapting solutions as the product evolves.&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>We would be especially thrilled if you:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Have experience designing mobile applications.</li>
<li>Are interested in aviation, or even a pilot!</li>
</ul>
<p><span style="color: rgb(255, 255, 255);">#LI-OR1</span></p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>We are an equal opportunity employer</strong><br><br>We know great ideas can come from anyone, anywhere. That’s why we do our best to create an open and inclusive workplace – one that welcomes everyone regardless of their background, identity, religion, age, accessibility needs, or orientation.</p>
<p><em data-stringify-type="italic">We process the data provided in your job application in accordance with the <a href="https://www.jetbrains.com/legal/docs/privacy/privacy-recruitment/">Recruitment Privacy Policy.</a></em></p></div>