<div class="content-intro"><h2><strong>Who Are We?</strong></h2>
<p>Postman is the world’s leading API platform, used by more than 45 million+ developers and 500,000 organizations, including 98% of the Fortune 500. Postman is helping developers and professionals across the globe build the API-first world by simplifying each step of the API lifecycle and streamlining collaboration—enabling users to create better APIs, faster.</p>
<p>The company is headquartered in San Francisco and has offices in Boston, New York, Austin, Tokyo, London, and Bangalore - where Postman was founded. Postman is privately held, with funding from Battery Ventures, BOND, Coatue, CRV, Insight Partners, and Nexus Venture Partners. Learn more at postman.com or connect with Postman on X via @getpostman.</p>
<p>P.S: We highly recommend reading <a href="https://api-first-world.com/">The "API-First World" graphic novel</a> to understand the bigger picture and our vision at Postman.</p></div><h2><strong>The Opportunity</strong></h2>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="11">Search Team at Postman is responsible for enabling users to quickly find and get started with the APIs that they are looking for. Postman is growing at a rapid pace, and this manifests into an ever-increasing volume of data that users create and consume, within their teams and in the Public API Network. We focus on improving discovery and ease of consumption over this data.</p>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="399">We are looking for a Senior Engineer with 6+ years of experience deep backend expertise on search and ETL systems and a strong product mindset, to lead core initiatives on our search platform. In this role, you'll work at the intersection of infrastructure, relevance, and developer experience—designing systems that power search across the platform. You’ll bring a bias for action, a strong backend foundation, and the curiosity to explore beyond traditional boundaries, including areas like high performance web services, high volume data pipelines, machine learning, and relevance tuning.</p>
<h3 id="What-You'll-Do" data-renderer-start-pos="992">What You'll Do</h3>
<ul>
<li data-renderer-start-pos="1010">Own end to end architecture and roadmap of search platform consisting of distributed indexing pipelines, storage infra and high performance web servers.</li>
<li data-renderer-start-pos="1166">Contribute to improving relevance of search results through signal engineering and better data models.</li>
<li data-renderer-start-pos="1272">Keep the system performant and reliable to handle growing data volume and query traffic, while unblocking business requirements and managing risk.</li>
<li data-renderer-start-pos="1422">Collaborate with cross-functional stakeholders like Product Managers, Designers, as well as other teams to drive initiatives.</li>
<li data-renderer-start-pos="1551">Uphold operational excellence in the team, showing a bias for action and user empathy.</li>
<li data-renderer-start-pos="1641">Quickly build functional prototypes to solve internal and external use-cases.</li>
<li data-renderer-start-pos="1722">Scale the technical abilities of engineers in the team and uphold quality through code reviews and mentorship.</li>
</ul>
<h3 id="The-Role" data-renderer-start-pos="389">About You</h3>
<h3 id="About-You" data-renderer-start-pos="1836"></h3>
<ul>
<li data-renderer-start-pos="1849">You have 6+ years of experience building applications in high level programming languages - Javascript, Python, Java etc. We code primarily in Python and Javascript.</li>
<li data-renderer-start-pos="2018">You have worked on customer facing search solutions and have hands-on experience with search systems like ElasticSearch/Apache Solr/OpenSearch.</li>
<li data-renderer-start-pos="2165">Experience building systems to orchestrate batch and streaming pipelines using Apache Kafka, Kinesis, Lambdas. Knowledge of compute engine/data processing engine like Apache Spark/ Apache Flink/ Ray.</li>
<li data-renderer-start-pos="2368">You have displayed strength in AI, Natural Language Processing, Ranking Systems or Recommendation Systems.</li>
<li data-renderer-start-pos="2478">You possess strong Computer Science fundamentals - Algorithms, Networking and Operating Systems, and are familiar with various programming&nbsp;tools, frameworks, and development practices.</li>
<li data-renderer-start-pos="2666">You write testable, maintainable code with SOLID principles that’s easy to understand.</li>
<li data-renderer-start-pos="2756">You are an excellent communicator who can articulate technical concepts to product managers, designers, support and other engineers.</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><h2 data-renderer-start-pos="4036"><strong data-renderer-mark="true">What Else?</strong></h2>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="4048">In addition to Postman's pay-on-performance philosophy, and a flexible schedule working with a fun, collaborative team, Postman offers a comprehensive set of benefits, including full medical coverage, flexible PTO, wellness reimbursement, and a monthly lunch stipend. Along with that, our wellness programs will help you stay in the best of your physical and mental health. Our frequent and fascinating team-building events will keep you connected, while our donation-matching program can support the causes you care about. We’re building a long-term company with an inclusive culture where everyone can be the best version of themselves.&nbsp;</p>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="4048">At Postman we value in person collaboration. We are in office 5 days a week for all roles based out of our hubs in San Francisco Bay Area, Boston, Austin, Tokyo and London. For roles based in Bangalore, employees currently work in the office three days a week and will transition to five days per week by the end of the year. We were thoughtful in our approach which is based on collaboration and grounded in feedback from our workforce, leadership team, and peers. The benefits of our in office model will be shared knowledge, brainstorming sessions, communication, and building trust in-person that cannot be replicated via zoom.</p>
<h2 data-renderer-start-pos="3620"><strong data-renderer-mark="true">Our Values</strong></h2>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="3633">At Postman, we create with the same curiosity that we see in our users. We value transparency and honest communication about not only successes, but also failures. In our work, we focus on specific goals that add up to a larger vision. Our inclusive work culture ensures that everyone is valued equally as important pieces of our final product. We are dedicated to delivering the best products we can.</p>
<h2><strong>Equal opportunity</strong></h2>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="4048">Postman is an Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender perception or identity, national origin, age, marital status, protected veteran status, or disability status. Headhunters and recruitment agencies may not submit resumes/CVs through this website or directly to managers. Postman does not accept unsolicited headhunter and agency resumes. Postman will not pay fees to any third-party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with Postman.</p></div>