<div class="content-intro"><p><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif; font-size: 12pt;">Airbnb was born in 2007 when two hosts welcomed three guests to their San Francisco home, and has since grown to over 5 million hosts who have welcomed over 2 billion guest arrivals in almost every country across the globe. Every day, hosts offer unique stays and experiences that make it possible for guests to connect with communities in a more authentic way.</span></p></div><p><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; color: #000000;"><strong>The Community You Will Join:</strong></span></p>
<p>As a senior member of our team, you will play a pivotal role in providing guidance and assistance to our Operation Specialists, ensuring they have the resources and knowledge they need to excel in their roles. Your expertise will be instrumental in resolving complex queries, offering insights, and mentoring junior team members as they navigate their responsibilities.</p>
<p>Additionally, you will have the opportunity to take on challenging stretch assignments that push your skills to new heights and contribute to your professional growth. By actively driving process improvement initiatives, you'll have a direct impact on enhancing efficiency and effectiveness within our operations. Your leadership in queue management for the entire pod will be instrumental in ensuring smooth operations and timely resolution of issues.</p>
<p><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; color: #000000;"><strong>The Difference You Will Make:</strong></span></p>
<ul>
<li>Strategic Guidance and Support: Provide mentorship and assistance to Operation Specialists, enhancing the quality of service delivery and promoting professional development.</li>
<li>Process Optimization: Utilize your expertise to identify opportunities for improvement in workflows and operations, driving efficiency and productivity gains.</li>
<li>Proactive Problem-solving: Take a proactive approach to problem-solving, addressing issues promptly and implementing innovative solutions to enhance operational effectiveness.</li>
</ul>
<p><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; color: #000000;"><strong>A Typical Day: </strong></span></p>
<p>Luxe Onboarding &amp; Visual Vetting:</p>
<ul>
<li>Along with having in-depth understanding of Luxe workflows, the incumbent will also be required to perform the following additional tasks</li>
<li>Work closely with leads to assign daily work, monitoring queues in upwork and host/guest support cases</li>
<li>Lead the onboarding of new properties into the Luxe category, ensuring they align with brand, design, and experience criteria.</li>
<li>Conduct interviews with Home Consultants and complete their onboarding process to ensure alignment with Luxe standards and expectations.</li>
<li>Unblock onboarding-related challenges by closely collaborating with Market Managers and other cross-functional teams.</li>
<li>Assess walkthrough reports to determine whether a property should pass or fail Luxe criteria, providing detailed reasoning and recommendations.</li>
<li>Perform visual vetting of potential Luxe listings - assessing design aesthetics, property quality, and overall luxury appeal.</li>
<li>Partner with stakeholders to improve vetting frameworks, visual standards, and design benchmarks.</li>
<li>Act as a subject matter expert on Luxe design and brand positioning, ensuring consistency across all listings.</li>
<li>Provide feedback and recommendations to refine property evaluation guidelines and Luxe onboarding processes.</li>
<li>Mentor and coach Luxe Specialists on visual assessment and luxury experience standards.</li>
<li>Identify and lead process improvement initiatives related to onboarding and quality assurance.</li>
<li>Maintain strong collaboration across Luxe S&amp;O, Product, and Design teams to enhance workflows and user experience.</li>
<li>Participate in cross-functional reviews and calibration sessions with QA, Supervisors, and Leadership to ensure global alignment.</li>
<li>Maintaining accurate and up to date contact information for the Home Consultants</li>
</ul>
<p><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; color: #000000;"><strong>Your Expertise:</strong></span></p>
<ul>
<li>Bachelor’s Degree or equivalent.</li>
<li>6–8 years of experience in a customer experience, operations, hospitality, or design-led environment.</li>
<li>Background in design, hospitality, architecture, or luxury segment strongly preferred.</li>
<li>Proven ability to evaluate properties for luxury standards — including visual and experiential vetting.</li>
<li>Exceptional communication, collaboration, and stakeholder management skills.</li>
<li>Proficiency in Google Sheets, dashboards, and data analysis for reporting and quality tracking.</li>
<li>Strong attention to detail, aesthetic sensibility, and understanding of premium guest experience.</li>
<li>Leadership and mentoring abilities with a focus on quality and continuous improvement.</li>
<li>Experience working with Luxe listings or premium hospitality products will be a plus.</li>
</ul>
<p><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; color: #000000;"><strong>Our Commitment To Inclusion &amp; Belonging:</strong></span></p>
<p><span style="color: #000000; font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;">Airbnb is committed to working with the broadest talent pool possible. We believe diverse ideas foster innovation and engagement, and allow us to attract creatively-led people, and to develop the best products, services and solutions. All qualified individuals are encouraged to apply.</span></p>
<p><span style="color: #000000; font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;">&nbsp;</span></p><div class="content-pay-transparency"><div class="pay-input"><div class="description"><p><span style="font-size: 16px;"><strong><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; color: rgb(0, 0, 0);">How We'll Take Care of You:</span></strong></span></p>
<p>Our job titles may span more than one career level. The actual base pay is dependent upon many factors, such as: training, transferable skills, work experience, business needs and market demands. The base pay range shown below is annualized, is inclusive of allowances and is subject to change and may be modified in the future. This role may also be eligible for bonus or incentives, one or more equity programs, benefits, and Employee Travel Credits.&nbsp;&nbsp;</p></div><div class="title">India Annual Pay Range</div><div class="pay-range"><span>₹690,000</span><span class="divider">&mdash;</span><span>₹930,000 INR</span></div></div></div>