We are looking for a senior colleague to drive our entrepreneurial ventures, to relentlessly look for new and improved routes to create new partnerships and maximize potential of the existing ones, being the driving force in product development and is excited to work in a data-driven dynamic environment.

We are on the way to unlocking thrilling new opportunities and only thing missing is **you**!

## Your day-to-day:

- Proactively identify and evaluate new product commercialization opportunities, generate leads, convert them to deals.
- Determinedly establish and nurture strategic partnerships, maintain relationships with existing partners.
- Skillfully negotiate and execute partnership agreements.
- Efficiently onboard new partners.
- Flexibly adapt the product and manage integrations with partners accordingly.
- Accelerate business growth by winning new big clients and closing important deals.
- Actively keep track of results/KPIs and analyze them to propose solutions for product functionality.
- Closely ork with product teams to identify the potential for the product by providing feedback about prospect needs, problems, interests, and competitive activities.

## Your skills & experience:

- Several years of demonstrable experience developing successful partnership/business development.
- Excellent verbal and written communication skills in Lithuanian and English.
- Advanced negotiation skills, time-management skills.
- Great business acumen and commercial awareness.
- Entrepreneurial attitude, relentlessness.
- A result-oriented problem solver and a team person at heart.
- Experience in tech or similar industries.

## Our Salary & Work Benefits Package:

- **Gross salary:**4200 - 5000 EUR/month. This position provides a fixed base only. Keep in mind that we are open to discuss a different salary based on your skills and competencies.
- To support your professional growth and make you feel taken care of, we’ve put together an expansive benefit package. It covers learning, well-being, celebration, and much more  — learn all about it [here](https://career.oxylabs.io/blog/our-work-benefits/).