HomeMade, Mable, Leap in! and Mable Direct are entities under the Attain Healthtech Group of companies. While our companies are diverse, three similarities bind us:

1. We exist to create lasting, positive change across the entire care and support sector - impacting more lives, elevating standards and shaping the future of care

2. We believe in technology as an enabler

3. We’re driven by helping customers attain better outcomes

This position is part of the HomeMade team.

**About HomeMade**

HomeMade is an approved aged care provider dedicated to improving its customers' lives by empowering older people to self-manage their service providers with the assistance of our clinical and customer support teams.

Our transformative technology platform helps thousands of people retain choice and control by allowing them to create unique support plans that meet their specific needs and optimise their funds.

By working at HomeMade, you can play a crucial role in helping older people maintain their independence and live fulfilling lives in their own homes. You’ll be joining a team that is passionate and dedicated to making a meaningful difference in the lives of others.

To find out more, visit <https://homemadesupport.com.au/>

**About the role**

An exciting opportunity exists to join our team as a Senior Manager - I&C, helping older people to live the life they want. Reporting directly to the Head of Quality and Safeguarding, you will be working closely with all areas of the business to manage Incidents & Complaints requirements and leading a team, to deliver a high-quality service experience as our customers go through all stages of the HomeMade journey. 

This position requires a strategic thinker with a passion for driving quality and delivering exceptional support to our team and customers.

## Key responsibilities

**Leadership & Capability**

* Lead, coach, and develop a high-performing Quality team
* Build capability across the business through training and expert guidance
* Foster a collaborative, values-led culture and influence stakeholders
**Incident & Complaint Management**

+ Oversee end-to-end management of incidents and complaints
+ Ensure high-quality investigations, documentation, and timely resolution
+ Act as an escalation point for complex or high-risk matters
**Quality, Risk & Compliance**

- Ensure compliance with the Aged Care Act, Quality Standards, and SIRS reporting
- Oversee regulatory reporting and responses to external bodies
- Monitor data to identify trends, risks, and improvement opportunities and communicate these effectively to the business
**Continuous Improvement & Strategy**

* Drive process improvements across teams and functions
* Translate insights into practical changes that enhance outcomes
* Partner across the business to strengthen quality and safeguarding practices
**Required Experience:**

+ 3+ years experience in incident and complaint management, within the aged care sector and familiar with the Strengthened Aged Care Quality Standards.
+ Proven ability to guide, influence, and support operational teams in investigating, managing and resolving incidents and complaints effectively and successfully.
+ Skilled in investigating, managing, and resolving customer complaints and incidents at a senior level, with the capability to train and mentor others in these practices.
+ Demonstrated experience in preparing high-quality, regulatory-compliant responses to complaints and incidents for submission to external bodies.
+ Experienced in collaborating across internal and external stakeholders to deliver high quality outcomes in areas of accountability.
+ Exceptional communication and leadership skills, with a demonstrated ability to influence positive change across teams.
+ Strong problem-solving and decision-making capabilities, ensuring balanced, informed, and timely outcomes.
+ Excellent time management and organisational skills and display deep customer empathy, a resolution-focused mindset, and a commitment to continuous improvement.

**The values we live by**

**Put People First** 🫶🏼

People and relationships matter most.

**Foster Freedom** 🪁

Life should be lived in a way that makes sense for you, without unnecessary controls or external restrictions.

**Do The Right Thing** 💖

Be fair, honest, open, ethical, and transparent.

**Be Bold** 💡

With a vision to imagine and create a brighter future.

**Values we share as part of Attain Healthtech**

**Break New Ground** 🧨

We simplify care with creativity and bold ideas.

**Make It Matter**💟

We put people at the centre and create impact that improves lives.

**Own The Outcome**🥇

We aim high, deliver excellence and drive results that last.

**Our benefits**

**Power your career ⚡️**

Learn from industry experts, experienced leaders, and on-the-job opportunities.

**Access parental leave 👶**

Get 14 weeks of paid leave for primary carers and 6 weeks of paid leave for secondary carers plus superannuation.

**Work with flexibility 🏠**

We’re a hybrid workplace, balancing time in the office with remote work.

**Flexi Leave Days 🌴**

Get one extra paid leave day per quarter for what makes you happy.

**Take a floating public holiday 🫶🏾**

Acknowledge a significant day your way with family and friends.

**Be rewarded 🏆**

Celebrate wins and recognise great performance with an easy and accessible Reward and Recognition program.

**We are one**

As an organisation, we celebrate our diversity and welcome all people, regardless of their family responsibilities, ethnicity, faith, sexual orientation, or gender identity. Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander people are encouraged to apply.

If this role has stood out to you but you don’t feel like you ‘tick all the boxes,’ we strongly encourage you to apply nonetheless. We value diversity in experience, and you might just bring something we are looking for to our organisation!