**Wer sind wir?**

**Veepee**(ehemals vente-privee) ist eines der erfolgreichsten europäischen E-Commerce Unternehmen: Wir arbeiten eng mit über 7000 Partnermarken zusammen und bieten unseren mehr als 72 Millionen Kunden täglich neue Verkaufsaktionen an.

Von Fashion bis hin zu Lifestyle. Uns treibt die Leidenschaft für Marken. Wir möchten unsere Kunden jeden Tag begeistern und Lust auf mehr machen.

**Du kennst uns nicht?**

Das wollen wir ändern! **Veepee**- ausgesprochen [vi:pi:] - wurde 2001 in Frankreich gegründet. Mittlerweile sind wir über 5000 Mitarbeiter in 12 Ländern. Seit 2006 gibt es uns auch in Deutschland mit Büros in Düsseldorf und Berlin.

Tauche ein in unsere Markenwelt und besuche uns auf [www.veepee.de](http://www.veepee.de/).

## 📄 JOB DESCRIPTION

- As the **Sales Master Methodologist,** you will be the driving force behind elevating the sales capabilities of our commercial population.
- Reporting to the Head of Commercial Organisation within the Sourcing Excellence Department, you will be responsible for designing, implementing, and managing flashsales negotiation methodologies and sales excellence programs.
- This strategic role is crucial for reinforcing our business's growth trajectory and unlocking the full potential of our teams and brands.

## 🎯 TASKS

- **Sales methodology architect to elevate negotiation mastering :** in collaboration with Business Leaders, define and implement methodologies for high-impact pitching, strategic partnership development and successful negotiation execution.
- **Design and implement a high-impact training program tailored** to role-specific skill gaps, business requirements and brands needs.
- **Develop practical tools**, playbooks, and best-practice guides to enhance commercial expertise, sharing and sales assertiveness across teams.
- **Co-develop new commercial methodologies and strategic plans** with the Sourcing Methodology & Strategy Department and support their implementation in collaboration with the local Sourcing Excellence Managers.
- Design and deliver specialized sales & negotiations **training programs and sessions for managers** to lead their teams to sales excellence.

## 👉 MUST HAVE skills

- 10+ years of experience in sales, with strong focus on advanced B2B/e-commerce experience
- Deep, proven expertise in various negotiation methodologies and their practical application
- Successful track record of project and change management
- Excellent communication, presentation and leadership skills
- Business acumen & strategic thinking
- Strategic AI Implementation
- Fluent english

## 👉 NICE TO HAVE skills

- Fluent in French, Spanish and/or italian is a plus
- Management skills

## ✅ BENEFITS

- 👉Variable bonus
- 👉Flexible Office with up to 2 days at home
- 👉Online language learning Platform
- 👉50% financial support for gym and sports club memberships
- 👉Full monthly payment of the "Deutschlandticket" (local transport ticket)
- 👉Medical supplementary insurance

## ❓ TEAM, WHO WE ARE ?

- Sourcing Excellence is a department attached to the Chief Commercial Officer working for all the Business Leaders across countries and sectors. Our mission is to empower Sourcing Teams to achieve sustainable growth by fostering strategic alignment, engineering cutting-edge tools and processes, upskilling teams and providing business insight.

## ⚙️RECRUITMENT PROCESS

- 1️⃣ HR Interview
- 2️⃣ Interview with Head of Commercial organisation, direct manager. Business case
- 3️⃣ Interview with Sourcing Excellence Director and Business Leader
- 4️⃣ Validation Interview with our Chief Commercial Officer (CCO)

All our positions are open to people with health conditions or impairments.

We are convinced that it is up to you to define the way you work, to develop yourself and to progress. At Veepee we guarantee that you can just be yourself! For the service of diversity and inclusion, Veepee is committed to reviewing all applications received on an equal basis.

🔗COMPANY

For more information about our ecosystem :  <https://careers.veepee.com/en/home-page-en/>

**[DE]** Sollte Dir die Position zusagen, freuen wir uns über Deine Bewerbung. Sende uns bitte Deinen Lebenslauf und ein Anschreiben mit Deiner Gehaltsvorstellung und dem frühestmöglichen Eintrittstermin über unser Bewerbungsportal zu.

**[ENG]** If the position appeals to you, we look forward to receiving your application. Please send us your CV and a cover letter with your salary expectations and the earliest possible starting date via our application portal.

[**Vente-privee.com**](http://Vente-privee.com) **Deutschland GmbH**

Skady Roeder

HR Generalist

Speditionstraße 17

40221 Düsseldorf

sroeder[@vente-privee.com](mailto:arunzheimer@vente-privee.com)

[http://www.veepee.de](http://www.vente-privee.com/)

The Veepee Group processes your data collected as part of the management of your recruitment in order to manage your application file for the position for which you have applied. To find out more about our [personal data protection policy](https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vSo1RtdSKVW0sLLtdwWOSoM3PzGXfqS030q1JrdJXDuOJXfhVwx_YLrrQYJcLQUpA/pub), we invite you to consult it on our career site.