<div class="content-intro"><p>Elastic, the Search AI Company, enables everyone to find the answers they need in real time, using all their data, at scale — unleashing the potential of businesses and people. The Elastic Search AI Platform, used by more than 50% of the Fortune 500, brings together the precision of search and the intelligence of AI to enable everyone to accelerate the results that matter. By taking advantage of all structured and unstructured data — securing and protecting private information more effectively — Elastic’s complete, cloud-based solutions for search, security, and observability help organizations deliver on the promise of AI.</p></div><h3><strong>What is The Role</strong></h3>
<p>To support our continued growth and build the outstanding Global Finance/ Compensation organization, we are looking for a <strong>Sales Strategy and Finance Analyst</strong> to join our fun, growing, and collaborative team!</p>
<p>We will look to you to help continue to work with vital partners within Elastic to assess and capture sales compensation requirements, maintain and improve the Excel quota models used to provide vital data to the Sales Compensation and Finance team. Above all, this role will care and ensure our global sales organization, its leaders, have a smooth running commissions process, while meeting Elastic’s business needs as they change.</p>
<p>If you are passionate about driving business results and you are driven for an opportunity with a dynamic, fast-paced organization and be part of a distributed team, this could be an excellent fit.</p>
<h3><strong>What You Will Be Doing</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Sales Compensation program implementation each fiscal year by working closely with internal partners to analyze and capture all required sales comp plan components for our team so that they can set up the Xactly system.</li>
<li>Collaborate with the Sales Strategy team on a monthly basis to acquire quota and vital data for current and new sales rep hires.</li>
<li>Build and maintain a global sales quota model, commission rates, and any vital information for setting up sales rep to our colleagues.</li>
<li>Provide ad hoc analysis and attainment data for our partnering teams.</li>
<li>Identify and drive process improvements by providing key inputs during process standardization during fiscal year.</li>
</ul>
<h3>What You Bring</h3>
<ul>
<li>Advanced Level Proficiency with Excel and attention to detail. Having experience with large data and Excel formulas to navigate large files is required.</li>
<li>2+ years of work experience in Sales Compensation / Operation / Analytics area (knowledge of sales compensation, quota process, year-end and month close activities).</li>
<li>Experience with Xactly, Tableau, and AI (ChatGPT, Claude, etc.) is nice to have.</li>
<li>Excellent communication and engagement skills (you will be working cross functionally across different organizations).</li>
<li>Strong analytical and reasoning skills, a demonstrated professional experience in content creation, data analysis &amp; reporting.</li>
<li>Comfortable with fast pace environments and desire to own, re-build, improve upon existing processes.</li>
<li>Standout colleague who can partner well across various departments but also able to work independently.</li>
<li>Highly collaborative style and the ability to adjust on the fly to new demands as team and goals grow.</li>
</ul>
<h3>&nbsp;</h3><div class="content-conclusion"><h2><strong>Additional Information - We Take Care of Our People</strong></h2>
<p>As a distributed company, diversity drives our identity. Whether you’re looking to launch a new career or grow an existing one, Elastic is the type of company where you can balance great work with great life. Your age is only a number. It doesn’t matter if you’re just out of college or your children are; we need you for what you can do.</p>
<p>We strive to have parity of benefits across regions and while regulations differ from place to place, we believe taking care of our people is the right thing to do.</p>
<ul>
<li>Competitive pay based on the work you do here and not your previous salary</li>
<li>Health coverage for you and your family in many locations</li>
<li>Ability to craft your calendar with flexible locations and schedules for many roles</li>
<li>Generous number of vacation days each year</li>
<li>Increase your impact - We match up to $2000 (or local currency equivalent) for financial donations and service</li>
<li>Up to 40 hours each year to use toward volunteer projects you love</li>
<li>Embracing parenthood with minimum of 16 weeks of parental leave</li>
</ul>
<p>Different people approach problems differently. We need that. Elastic is an equal opportunity employer and is committed to creating an inclusive culture that celebrates different perspectives, experiences, and backgrounds. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, ethnicity, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender perception or identity, national origin, age, marital status, protected veteran status, disability status, or any other basis protected by federal, state or local law, ordinance or regulation.</p>
<p>We welcome individuals with disabilities and strive to create an accessible and inclusive experience for all individuals. To request an accommodation during the application or the recruiting process, please email <a href="mailto:candidate\_accessibility@elastic.co" target="\_blank">candidate\_accessibility@elastic.co</a><span class="gmail\_default">.</span>&nbsp;We will reply to your request within 24 business hours of submission.</p>
<p><span style="color: #000000;">Applicants have rights under Federal Employment Laws, view posters linked below:</span> <a href="https://www.dol.gov/sites/dolgov/files/WHD/legacy/files/fmlaen.pdf" target="\_blank">Family and Medical Leave Act (FMLA)</a> <span style="color: #000000;">Poster;</span><span style="color: #000000;">&nbsp;<a href="https://www.dol.gov/sites/dolgov/files/ofccp/pdf/pay-transp\_%20English\_formattedESQA508c.pdf" target="\_blank">Pay Transparency Nondiscrimination Provision</a> Poster; </span><a href="https://www.dol.gov/sites/dolgov/files/WHD/legacy/files/eppabw.pdf" target="\_blank">Employee Polygraph Protection Act (EPPA)</a> <span style="color: #000000;">Poster and <a href="https://www.dol.gov/sites/dolgov/files/OFCCP/regs/compliance/posters/pdf/22-088\_EEOC\_KnowYourRights.pdf" target="\_blank">Know Your Rights</a> (Poster)</span></p>
<p><span style="color: #000000;">Elasticsearch develops and distributes technology and information that is subject to U.S. and other countries’ export controls and licensing requirements for individuals who are located in or are nationals of the following sanctioned countries and regions: Belarus, Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Syria, or Russia, including the Ukrainian territories annexed by Russia (The Crimea region of Ukraine, The Donetsk People's Republic (DNR), The Luhansk People's Republic (LNR), Kherson or Zaporizhzhia). If you are located in or are a national of one of the listed countries or regions, an export license may be required as a condition of your employment in this role. Please note that national origin and/or nationality do not affect eligibility for employment with Elastic.</span></p>
<p>Please see&nbsp;<a href="https://www.elastic.co/legal/applicant-privacy-statement" target="\_blank" data-saferedirecturl="https://www.google.com/url?q=https://www.elastic.co/legal/applicant-privacy-statement&amp;source=gmail&amp;ust=1611068262479000&amp;usg=AFQjCNG3orAPk5sJIr9WVm0ZDxYw82c5DA">here</a>&nbsp;for our Privacy Statement.</p></div>