<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Canonical is a leading provider of open-source software and operating systems for global enterprise and technology markets. Our platform, Ubuntu, is very widely used in breakthrough enterprise initiatives such as public cloud, data science, AI, engineering innovation and IoT. Our customers include the world's leading public cloud and silicon providers, and industry leaders in many sectors. The company is a pioneer of global distributed collaboration, with 1200+ colleagues in more than 80 countries and very few office-based roles. Teams meet two to four times yearly in person, in interesting locations around the world, to align on strategy and execution.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">The company is founder led, profitable and growing.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are hiring an </span><strong>Engineering Director</strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">, who strives for taking ownership of the development and operations of internal software products serving Canonical business and a popular security solution Livepatch. A successful candidate has a track record of delivering full-stack software services, adheres to high engineering quality standards, and continuously develops their skills as well as skills of their direct reports. This is an exciting opportunity to work with highly enthusiastic people on exciting innovative engineering solutions supporting Canonical's growth and learn a lot about engineering for the business.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">The engineering director will lead the Commercial Systems unit that is conceived as three engineering teams that closely collaborate with other engineering and business teams at Canonical. Services designed, developed, and operated by the Commercial Systems unit are at the heart of Canonical business. We are looking for a software engineering director to oversee the three software teams led by software engineering managers.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">The </span><strong>Billing</strong><span style="font-weight: 400;"> team designs, develops, and operates a Golang service that provides a standardized and scalable capability to turn metrics into billable amounts, enable customers to see their current spend with Canonical at any time, and ensure accurate, reliable, and timely billing. The service further integrates with other engineering, business and payment systems.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">The </span><strong>Contracts</strong><span style="font-weight: 400;"> team designs, develops, and operates a Golang service that will become the single source of truth for all contracts with all customers. The service provides a standardized CPQ capability and stores signed contracts in a structured format. The service further integrates with other engineering and business systems including a CRM system and an accounting system.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">The </span><strong>Livepatch</strong><span style="font-weight: 400;"> team designs and develops a service for the delivery of Linux kernel patches to shrink the exploit window for critical and high severity Linux kernel vulnerabilities, by patching the Linux kernel between security maintenance windows, while the system runs. The engineering team behind this product develops Golang based client and backend components, while another Canonical team, the Kernel team, develops the security patches.</span></p>
<p><strong>Location</strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: This role will be based remotely in the EMEA region.</span></p>
<h3><strong>The role entails</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Leading multiple teams of engineers, ranging from graduates to seniors</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Developing your engineering managers to maintain Canonical culture in their teams</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Developing and evangelize great engineering practices and processes in the teams</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Setting and implementing solid performance management with performance goals and objectives with your direct reports and teams</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Identifying and measuring indicators of team health, and take action where needed</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Being accountable for the product development roadmaps in the teams</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Being an active part of the Commercial Systems leadership team, collaborating with other leaders</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Expanding your teams by hiring great talent</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Collaborating with stakeholders and product users</span></li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>What we are looking for in you</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Exceptional academic track record from both high school and university</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Undergraduate degree in a technical subject or a compelling narrative about your alternative chosen path</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Proven ability to drive multiple teams or large teams of software engineers to deliver outstanding results</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Engineering experience in at least one of the following areas: Golang, Python, Java, or distributed integrations</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Track record of going above-and-beyond expectations to achieve outstanding results</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Professional written and spoken English with excellent presentation skills</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Result-oriented, with a personal drive to meet commitments</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Ability to travel internationally twice a year, for company events up to two weeks long</span></li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>Nice-to-have skills</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Performance engineering and DevOps/SRE experience</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Experience with accounting, sales, sales operations, or other business roles</span></li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>What we offer colleagues</strong></h3>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We consider geographical location, experience, and performance in shaping compensation worldwide. We revisit compensation annually (and more often for graduates and associates) to ensure we recognize outstanding performance. In addition to base pay, we offer a performance-driven annual bonus or commission. We provide all team members with additional benefits, which reflect our values and ideals. We balance our programs to meet local needs and ensure fairness globally.</span></p>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Distributed work environment with twice-yearly team sprints in person</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Personal learning and development budget of USD 2,000 per year</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Annual compensation review</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Recognition rewards</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Annual holiday leave</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Maternity and paternity leave</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Employee Assistance Program</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Opportunity to travel to new locations to meet colleagues</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Priority Pass, and travel upgrades for long haul company events</span></li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>About Canonical</strong></h3>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Canonical is a pioneering tech firm at the forefront of the global move to open source. As the company that publishes Ubuntu, one of the most important open source projects and the platform for AI, IoT and the cloud, we are changing the world of software. We recruit on a global basis and set a very high standard for people joining the company. We expect excellence - in order to succeed, we need to be the best at what we do. Most colleagues at Canonical have worked from home since its inception in 2004.​ Working here is a step into the future, and will challenge you to think differently, work smarter, learn new skills, and raise your game.</span></p>
<p><strong>Canonical is an equal opportunity employer</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are proud to foster a workplace free from discrimination. Diversity of experience, perspectives, and background create a better work environment and better products.</span><a href="https://canonical.com/careers/diversity/identity"><span style="font-weight: 400;"> Whatever your identity, we will give your application fair consideration.</span></a></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">#LI-remote</span></p>
<p><br><br></p>