<div class="content-intro"><h2><span data-sheets-root="1">About Wolt</span></h2>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">At Wolt, we create technology that brings joy, simplicity and earnings to the neighborhoods of the world. In 2014 we started with delivery of restaurant food. Now we’re building the delivery of (almost) everything and you’ll find us in over 500 cities in 30 countries around the world. In 2022 we joined forces with DoorDash and together we keep on dreaming big and expanding across the globe.<br><br>Working at Wolt isn’t always easy, but it’s definitely exciting. Here you’ll learn more, build more, and ship more than in most other companies. You’ll be challenged a lot, but also have a lot of fun on the way. So, if you’re a self-starter with drive and entrepreneurial spirit, this could be the ride of your life.</span></p></div><p>Are you an experienced customer experience professional with leadership skills and a strong passion for being strategic and using insights to deliver exceptional service?</p>
<p>Does leading support within one of Europe’s fastest-growing tech companies sound like your next adventure? If the answers to the questions are "yes" then keep reading!<em><br></em><em><br></em>Wolt is a Finnish technology company and we're best known for our delivery platform. On our mobile apps or website, customers can order their favorite meals from our restaurant partners. We launched in Georgia in April 2018 and have since then started conquering the food delivery scene in Tbilisi, Batumi, Rustavi and Kutaisi and other cities in Georgia.<br><br>As our team is growing, we're looking for a Support Manager to join our Shared Service Center team in Georgia! In our Support team there is no typical day. To be successful in this role you will need to be independent, customer-oriented, and have excellent interpersonal and relationship-building skills to provide best support to our Customers, Restaurants and Courier Partners. We are looking for someone who takes ownership beyond the obvious and who can take that extra step to support the team.&nbsp;</p>
<p>As our Support Manager you will lead our Shared Service Center&nbsp; team and inspire the high-quality standard of service that we provide to our customers and partners. With their excellent management skills, our Support Managers ensure that our Support Leads are running the operations between customers, restaurant partners and courier partners smoothly.&nbsp;</p>
<h2>&nbsp;What you’ll be doing</h2>
<ul>
<li>Work together with the Head of Support and take full ownership of the experience and satisfaction of the customers and partners</li>
<li>Contribute to strategic initiatives and their execution in order to constantly improve the service proposition</li>
<li>Guide and coach the team in order to improve the associate’s performance, personal development and happiness</li>
<li>Implement new work procedures and features and encourage feedback around these</li>
<li>Analyze and optimize customer and partner touchpoints and look for patterns in incoming requests and workforce management to then put them into actions and improvements.</li>
<li>Together with the Content, Training and Quality team, develop the quality and content processes within the Support operations in line with the training operations</li>
<li>Collaborate closely with other teams to meet the needs of the customers and improve overall level of service.</li>
<li>Lead by example and show what customer-obsessed means: At Wolt, the Support Team knows that customer interactions serve a larger purpose than simply fixing problems. The Support Manager will lead by example and raise the bar for the way support is provided at Wolt.</li>
</ul>
<h2>Our humble expectations\*</h2>
<ul>
<li>You can formulate yourself very well, both verbally as well as in written form in English.</li>
<li>You are customer obsessed and have experience in Customer Support or Customer Service.</li>
<li>You have 3-5 years of experience in leading a team.</li>
<li>You enjoy working together and leading a growing team, and making sure your colleagues always understand the purpose of what they do and what defines a great performance.</li>
<li>Multitasking is your strong suit and you’re prepared to manage multiple incoming interactions simultaneously, and effortlessly determine which to prioritise.</li>
<li>You are able to translate data into actions and make the rest of the core team understand how Customer Support is progressing, so you need to have good Excel skills.</li>
<li>You have a can-do attitude and are ready to roll up your sleeves and get to work in a fast-paced startup environment.</li>
<li>You have strong presentational skills and proficiency in Office tools</li>
<li>Any trainings or experience in people or project management are an advantage</li>
<li>A degree in Business Administration is a strong plus!</li>
</ul>
<h2>Next steps\*</h2>
<p>If you are excited about working in a high-growth environment, taking ownership, and being part of an extremely ambitious team, then click below to apply and get the conversation going! <br><br>We will be reviewing applications on an on-going basis, so if this sounds like an opportunity you want to pursue, apply today!</p>
<p><iframe src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/dob25eOXkyA?si=8DEO2D4a4yrKenex" width="560" height="314"></iframe></p><div class="content-conclusion"><h2><span data-sheets-root="1">Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion</span></h2>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">We’re committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. That’s why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.</span></p></div>