<div class="content-intro"><p>Figma is growing our team of passionate creatives and builders on a mission to make design accessible to all. Figma’s platform helps teams bring ideas to life—whether you're brainstorming, creating a prototype, translating designs into code, or iterating with AI. From idea to product, Figma empowers teams to streamline workflows, move faster, and work together in real time from anywhere in the world. If you're excited to shape the future of design and collaboration, join us!</p></div><p>Figma’s Solutions Consulting team is comprised of a group of talented, dynamic, creative, and technical professionals. The team sits within Sales and helps to successfully secure new customers and expand our existing customer base by demonstrating the value of the Figma platform and painting the vision of what is technically possible. We are looking for a Director, Solutions Consulting to lead our International Solution Consulting teams, consisting of four managers and thirty-one Solutions Consultants, by the end of 2026, across EMEA, APAC, and LATAM. In this role, you will define and execute our strategy for how we partner internationally with Sales, engage with customers, influence new business, and scale for even greater impact.&nbsp; At Figma, we think creatively, lift constraints that block our imagination everyday, and we expect you to do the same.</p>
<h4><strong>What you'll do at Figma:</strong></h4>
<ul>
<li>Build, develop, and inspire talented, hard-working Solutions Consultants and leaders by creating scalable, data-driven processes that drive team and company goals</li>
<li>Partner with Sales leadership to achieve sales targets across aligned regions and ensure successful pre-sales outcomes</li>
<li>Analyze and manage the performance of our International Solutions Consulting teams, including influenced ARR and activity metrics</li>
<li>Develop, refine and scale core SC processes such as discovery, technical qualification and POCs/trials and establish initiatives to continue up-leveling our International Solutions Consultants</li>
<li>Act as the technical executive to align with customer executives and stakeholders for relationship building and to help advance open opportunities</li>
<li>Recruit, mentor, and develop the International Solutions Consulting leadership team</li>
<li>Leverage customer feedback and outcomes to collaborate with Product and Engineering to shape product improvements</li>
<li>Participate in regional industry events/organizations as a thought leader</li>
</ul>
<h4><strong>We’d love to hear from you if you have:</strong></h4>
<ul>
<li>10+ years in customer-facing technical sales roles within SaaS, including 6+ years leading Solutions Consulting or Sales Engineering teams</li>
<li>Proven track record of building and developing high performing, multi-country teams and coaching them to meet or exceed performance expectations</li>
<li>Demonstrated success partnering with regional or international Sales leadership to shape and iterate GTM strategy using data and field insights</li>
<li>Strong cross-functional influence across Product and Customer Experience, with a clear understanding of the technical and competitive landscape</li>
<li>Ability to thrive in a fast-paced, evolving environment while driving clarity, accountability, and results</li>
</ul>
<h4><strong>While it’s not required, it’s an added plus if you also have:</strong></h4>
<ul>
<li>Prior experience managing managers</li>
<li>Experience with MEDDICC sales qualification framework</li>
<li>Prior Figma, design or development experience</li>
</ul>
<p>At Figma, one of our values is Grow as you go. We believe in hiring smart, curious people who are excited to learn and develop their skills. If you’re excited about this role but your past experience doesn’t align perfectly with the points outlined in the job description, we encourage you to apply anyways. You may be just the right candidate for this or other roles.</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p>At Figma we celebrate and support our differences. We know employing a team rich in diverse thoughts, experiences, and opinions allows our employees, our product and our community to flourish. Figma is an <a href="https://www.eeoc.gov/sites/default/files/2022-10/EEOC\_KnowYourRights\_screen\_reader\_10\_20.pdf">equal opportunity workplace</a> - we are dedicated to equal employment opportunities regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity/expression, veteran status<strong>, </strong>or any other characteristic protected by law. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements.</p>
<p>We will work to ensure individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to apply for a role, participate in the interview process, perform essential job functions, and receive other benefits and privileges of employment. If you require accommodation, please reach out to <a href="mailto:accommodations-ext@figma.com">accommodations-ext@figma.com</a>. These modifications enable an individual with a disability to have an equal opportunity not only to get a job, but successfully perform their job tasks to the same extent as people without disabilities.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Examples of accommodations include but are not limited to:&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>Holding interviews in an accessible location</li>
<li>Enabling closed captioning on video conferencing</li>
<li>Ensuring all written communication be compatible with screen readers</li>
<li>Changing the mode or format of interviews&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p>To ensure the integrity of our hiring process and facilitate a more personal connection, we require all candidates keep their cameras on during video interviews. Additionally, if hired you will be required to attend in person onboarding.</p>
<p>By applying for this job, the candidate acknowledges and agrees that any personal data contained in their application or supporting materials will be processed in accordance with <a class="c-link c-link--underline" href="https://www.figma.com/legal/candidate-privacy-notice/" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://www.figma.com/legal/candidate-privacy-notice/" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">Figma's Candidate Privacy Notice</a>.</p></div>