**About Agicap**

Created in Lyon in 2016 by three French entrepreneurs, Agicap is one of the fastest growing scale-ups in Europe, with over 8000 customers, 650 employees and fast revenue growth (7x between 2021 and 2024). Agicap is part of the French Tech 120, rewarding the most promising startups in France.

Agicap allows Finance teams of Mid-Market companies to efficiently manage and forecast their cash, pay their suppliers and get paid. By combining a Treasury Management System, and Accounts Payable and Accounts Receivable solutions into a single platform, Agicap aims at becoming the next leading Treasury Management platform for mid-market companies.

We have raised €145M since our creation, with prestigious VC funds including AVP, Greenoaks, Partech and BlackFin, with a last round in November 2024.

These additional resources further fuel our product innovation, allowing us to grow significantly and accelerate our international expansion across the world.

We believe our success comes from our highly passionate and dedicated teams, committed to building a company where people can grow and build their careers. We are constantly looking for great talents, aiming for excellence and ready to join our ambitious adventure!

As part of the Demand Generation team, you will be responsible for developing and implementing strategies to generate traffic, leads and revenue through Demand Generation, ABM and LeadGen initiatives. You will optimize Customer Acquisition Cost (CAC) and payback time while ensuring a strong alignment with our Sales team working towards the company targets.

## As a Performance Marketing Manager at Agicap, your scope will involve :

- Plan, execute and iterate marketing paid acquisition and ABM strategies across several channels including SEM, Display, Paid Social, Video, and others.
- Work together with the Studio, Brand & Content Teams to develop high-quality copies and creatives, with regular reporting on their performance
- Develop a nuanced understanding of our target customers and product through research and insights. Define and adjust accordingly key audiences, create impactful ads and account-specific messaging that resonate with our buyer personas
- Collect and utilize feedback from the Sales team to optimize all possible campaign parameters across paid media activities, ensuring a strong cross-department collaboration
- Monitor campaign performance, analyze data to constantly enhance customer engagement while minimizing acquisition costs / payback time by refining audiences, targeting, bids, and every pre and post acquisition touchpoint within our target accounts
- Track and report on Lead, Demand & ABM campaign performance, including metrics such as account engagement, pipeline influence, and revenue impact

## ⭐ We’re looking for ⭐ :

- 3-5 years of performance marketing and/or customer acquisition in a high-growth B2B company, ideally SaaS or scale-up.
- You have a demonstrated ability to work and influence decision makers in a fast-paced, matrixed organization, with stakeholders across different markets
- Extensive knowledge of marketing tools, including HubSpot for effective campaign management
- You thrive in an international environment, working in English with people from different backgrounds and cultures
- Native or bilingual in French or German, with a strong command of English.

AGICAP is committed to providing equal opportunities for everyone, and we foster an inclusive work environment that values diversity!