Pioneer of online flash sales since 2001 and key player in European e-commerce, Veepee collaborates with over 7,000 brands to offer highly discounted products available for a limited time. Operating across various sectors, including fashion, home, wine, travel or beauty... Veepee achieved a turnover of 3.3 billion euros incl. VAT in 2024 and employs 5,000 staff members across 10 countries.

Are you totally ready to deep dive into the HR & office management environment of a young, but professional, international and very ambitious company? Are you eager to gain hands-on experience? Are you excited to discover the world of e-commerce? Yes, three times? Amazing! This internship is the right move for you!

During our HR & office management internship you will temporarily join our Benelux HR & office management team. You'll be able to work on various projects in collaboration with different HR departments. Our Office & Fleet Manager, to whom you will report, and our whole HR team will be very happy to welcome you and guide you through your learning process!

## 📄 JOB DESCRIPTION

- Taking ownership over different projects and processes: a combination of overall HR themes and more specific topics, ranging from soft HR, to Fleet, to Office Management . In these projects you will be responsible for the implementation and realization according to the project plan: specification, quality, time, communication, information and organization.
- Being the Talent Acquisition lead and Business Partner for all interns in our Benelux organization.
- You will be the back-up of our amazing receptionist. So start practicing your most beautiful smile.
- Working together with colleagues, in- and outside of HR.

## 👉 MUST HAVE skills

- A bachelor student, preferably with a human resources/office management linked education.
- Proactive, highly organized, and detail-oriented.
- Looking forward to being part of our amazing HR team, but you are also not afraid to work independently.
- Fluent in English, in both written and spoken communication.
- Knowledge of Dutch or French is a plus.
- Open for an internship of minimum 4 months, starting as of July.

## ✅ BENEFITS

- 👉Hands-on experience at the biggest e-commerce flash sale player in the Benelux.
- 👉A challenging internship with lots of opportunities to learn.
- 👉The chance to be part of a young, dynamic and committed HR team.
- 👉 Home/work travel reimbursement.
- 👉 Hybrid working; minimum 3 days on site and up to 2 days at home.
- 👉 Flexible working hours.
- 👉 Online language learning Platform.

## ❓ TEAM, WHO WE ARE ?

- The Benelux HR team is a team of 6 people and part of the North HR organization ; Belgium, The Netherlands, Germany, Switzerland.
- A dynamic and passionate team in which customer centricity and innovation are key.

## ⚙️RECRUITMENT PROCESS

- 1️⃣HR Recruiter Video interview
- 2️⃣On-site HR Manager interview

All our positions are open to people with health conditions or impairments.

We are convinced that it is up to you to define the way you work, to develop yourself and to progress. At Veepee we guarantee that you can just be yourself! For the service of diversity and inclusion, Veepee is committed to reviewing all applications received on an equal basis.

🔗COMPANY

For more information about our ecosystem :  <https://careers.veepee.com/en/home-page-en/>

The Veepee Group processes your data collected as part of the management of your recruitment in order to manage your application file for the position for which you have applied. To find out more about our [personal data protection policy](https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vSo1RtdSKVW0sLLtdwWOSoM3PzGXfqS030q1JrdJXDuOJXfhVwx_YLrrQYJcLQUpA/pub), we invite you to consult it on our career site.