**About Agicap**

Created in Lyon in 2016 by three French entrepreneurs, Agicap is one of the fastest growing scale-ups in Europe, with over 8000 customers, 650 employees and fast revenue growth (7x between 2021 and 2024). Agicap is part of the French Tech 120, rewarding the most promising startups in France.

Agicap allows Finance teams of Mid-Market companies to efficiently manage and forecast their cash, pay their suppliers and get paid. By combining a Treasury Management System, and Accounts Payable and Accounts Receivable solutions into a single platform, Agicap aims at becoming the next leading Treasury Management platform for mid-market companies.

We have raised €145M since our creation, with prestigious VC funds including AVP, Greenoaks, Partech and BlackFin, with a last round in November 2024.

These additional resources further fuel our product innovation, allowing us to grow significantly and accelerate our international expansion across the world.

We believe our success comes from our highly passionate and dedicated teams, committed to building a company where people can grow and build their careers. We are constantly looking for great talents, aiming for excellence and ready to join our ambitious adventure!

As our **International HRBP**, you will be the strategic architect of the employee experience for our dynamic global growth hub in Lisbon, as well as ou emergent countries : UK, Spain and US. You will serve as the dedicated partner for the **Sales and Customer Success (Care & CS Tech)** populations across **Portugal, the UK, the US, and you will have a Sales population in your scope for Germany**. Your scope will have a total population that might grow from 100 to 150 people.

Based in our Lisbon office hub, you will act as the "bridge" between local operational needs and our global HR strategy, ensuring that our high-performance culture is translated effectively across different labor laws and business climates. You will be requested to travel in a monthly basis to our different offices in Europe, and potentially to the US office.

## ⚡️ Key Responsibilities

- **Strategic Business Partnership :**Act as the primary HR partner for our operational Team Leads, on operational people topics, but also our VPs and Directors of Sales and CS across your perimeter. Proactively advise on org design, headcount planning, and international scaling challenges.
- **Global-Local Lifecycle Management :** Together with the People Ops/admin team, manage the end-to-end employee lifecycle for the PT, UK, US, and DACH Sales teams, ensuring a seamless experience from onboarding to offboarding.
- **High-Growth Performance Coaching:** Drive performance management cycles and coach managers on handling employee relations, specific to the fast-paced nature of Sales and Tech-Support environments.
- International Compliance & Operations : Partner with local Payroll and Admin experts to navigate the nuances of US at-will employment, UK labor standards, and Portugese regulations.
- **Strategic Project Leadership:** Own and scale high-impact global projects (e.g., remote work policies, etc).
- **Culture & Inclusion :** Act as the face of the HR team in the Lisbon office, fostering an inclusive, high-energy and environment that aligns with our core values.
- **Cross-Functional Collaboration :** Work closely with Finance, Talent Acquisition, and your fellow HRBPs in France, Italy and Germany to standardize best pratices.

## 🏹  Qualifications & Experience

- **Experience:** Minimum **3 years of experience as an HRBP** in a fast-paced, international scale-up or tech environment.
- **International Expertise:** Proven track record managing multi-country perimeters. You are comfortable switching between the legal and cultural nuances of the US, UK, and European markets.
- **Business Acumen:** Previous experience supporting **Sales or Customer Success** teams is a plus.
- **Language Mastery:** **Native or Bilingual Portuguese:** Essential for leading our Lisbon hub and handling local labor relations.
- **Fluent English:** Our global working language. You can negotiate, coach, and present with ease in English.
- **Education** : Master's degree in HR Management, Business or Law.

## ⏳ Hiring Process

- Initial call with Eline, Senior Talent Acquisition
- First round with Marion, Lead HRBP — your future manager for this role!
- Second round with Sophie Aguila, Lead People Ops for a Legal Use Case
- Third round at our office — a chance to meet the managers on-site, get a feel for the environment, and connect with your future colleagues!
- Final round via video (on the same day as the on-site meeting) with Stephan Krehl, Chief People Officer

AGICAP is committed to providing equal opportunities for everyone, and we foster an inclusive work environment that values diversity!