<p>Bird launched micromobility. Now we’re shaping its future.</p>
<p>We’re Bird, and we’re on a mission to&nbsp;<strong>transform the way the world moves one ride at a time</strong>. Our products, services, and people share one common goal: to make cities more livable by empowering people and communities everywhere to <strong>move freely, discover new possibilities, and create a cleaner, more connected future.</strong> To cleaner air. To calmer streets. To cities built for people.</p>
<p><strong>Who We Are</strong></p>
<p>Bird is a global leader in micromobility, dedicated to shaping the future of urban movement. Our cleaner, affordable, and on-demand mobility solutions are available in over 200 cities worldwide.</p>
<p>We take a collaborative, community-first approach to micromobility. Bird partners closely with the cities in which it operates, leveraging our experience and safety-first technology to help them meet their <strong>shared mobility and climate goals</strong> and provide a reliable, affordable, and responsible transportation option for people who live and work there.</p>
<p>Our award-winning electric vehicles have empowered more than&nbsp;<strong>eighty-seven million rides </strong>in cities around the world and helped riders take carbon-free trips in more than 200 cities globally. And our teams are constantly pushing boundaries and challenging the status quo in pursuit of a brighter future.</p>
<p><strong>Job Summary:</strong></p>
<p>We seeking a dedicated Part- Time Operations Specialist to join our dynamic team at Bird through our trusted staffing partner, TalentBurst, to support operations and logistics with fleet deployment and other tasks.</p>
<p><strong>Responsibilities</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Safely load, unload, drive, &amp; operate a company vehicle following mobile app-guided destinations.</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li>Support operations and logistics with fleet deployment in vans, staging in the warehouse, and collection of scooters from the field</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li>Relocate scooters from low to high-demand areas in a timely fashion</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li>Regular quality and performance checks on scooters and company vehicles</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li>Basic scooter diagnostics, follow company procedures to identify necessary repairs on damaged or malfunctioning scooters</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li>Disinfect, clean, and prepare scooters to ensure a safe and enjoyable rider experience</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li>Ensure all docked and warehoused vehicles are charging according to Spin’s safety procedures</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li>Collaborate and communicate with team members to accomplish shift goals in person and via mobile app.</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li>Participate in quality assurance and testing for new product and feature releases.</li>
</ul>
<p>Shift: flexibility with rotating shifts between 6am - 8pm / part-time hours</p>
<p>Pay: $18/hr USD</p>
<p>Location: 345 Metty Drive, Suite 1, Ann Arbor, MI 48103</p>
<p><strong>Must Have</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>A valid driver's license</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li>Must be 18 years or older with two years of driving experience</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li>A smartphone, and must be comfortable multitasking with mobile apps</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li>Ability to lift 80-90 lbs. (with or without accommodation)</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li>Strong collaboration and teamwork skills; commitment &amp; desire to work well with others</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li>Proficiency in English&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Highly Desired</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Ability to work multiple shifts, including weekends</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li>Proactive, communicative orientation and collaboration style</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li>Familiarity with local streets and neighborhoods</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li>Previous related experience, such as delivery, rideshare, or warehouse inventory work</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>Why Bird Matters</strong></h3>
<p>Every time you hop on a Bird, you’re helping build a more livable city. We focus on four core pillars that reflect the impact of every ride:</p>
<ul>
<li><strong>Freedom:</strong> We're the bridge that connects you to every experience—simple, convenient, and stress-free. We give you the freedom to move without limits.</li>
<li><strong>Exploration:</strong> We turn everyday trips into memorable experiences, sparking discovery and wonder as you connect with the world around you.</li>
<li><strong>Community:</strong> Taking a Bird is an act of citizenship. We create a sense of belonging and unity, knowing that the richer our communities become, the richer our lives become.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Sustainability: Our electric vehicles reduce gas-powered car usage and lower carbon emissions. We enable responsible choices, creating tangible impact and driving progress toward a cleaner future.</strong></p>
<p><strong>Culture at Bird</strong></p>
<p>We're an ambitious, smart, and open-minded team that is passionate about our mission. Each day is unlike the last, as we’re constantly moving forward, challenging each other, and working together to create the future of micro-mobility.</p>
<p><strong>Perks up</strong></p>
<p>As an employee of <strong>TalentBurst</strong>, you enjoy the benefits they offer. At Bird, you’ll be able to help with our mission to bring environmentally friendly transportation to everyone!</p>
<p><strong>Bird is the world</strong></p>
<p>Bird stands for a culture of<strong> inclusion</strong>. We celebrate different backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives —encouraging everyone to <strong>bring their authentic selves to work</strong>. We have a diverse environment that empowers our team to feel comfortable when they voice their opinions.&nbsp;</p>
<p>For these reasons and more, Bird is a proud <strong>equal employment opportunity employer</strong>. We welcome everyone regardless of their race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, or genetics, and we are dedicated to providing an inclusive, open, and diverse work environment.</p>
<p>Sound like a place you’d like to work? Sweet. Let’s chat.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><span style="font-size: 8pt;">#LI-DNI</span><br><span style="font-size: 8pt;">#INPR1</span></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>