<h2>&nbsp;</h2>
<p>Canonical is a leading provider of open source software and operating systems to the global enterprise and technology markets. Our platform, Ubuntu, is very widely used in breakthrough enterprise initiatives such as public cloud, data science, AI, engineering innovation and IoT. Our customers include the world's leading public cloud and silicon providers, and industry leaders in many sectors. The company is a pioneer of global distributed collaboration, with 1200+ colleagues in 75+ countries and very few office based roles. Teams meet two to four times yearly in person, in interesting locations around the world, to align on strategy and execution.</p>
<p>The company is founder led, profitable and growing.&nbsp;<br><br>We are hiring a senior design manager to play a key role making open source software available to the world. Our Design function ensures the experience of the software and infrastructure we build is true to our intentions, and delivers the tools our community and customers need. The Design Manager makes this possible through leadership within, and beyond, our teams.</p>
<p>As a Senior Design Manager, you bring both experience managing design teams and have expertise in a deeply technical domain. This enables you to coach designers in creating tools for developers and cloud engineers, and cross-context to move towards tangible outcomes and lift the quality of their work. You will manage expectations and ensure deadlines are met in a timely manner against your roadmap. You will be able to communicate clearly and actively listen to product and engineering stakeholders, and your team, to drive sustainable quality improvements and guide individuals towards meaningful growth.</p>
<p>Leading the Infrastructure Design team, you will take responsibility for the products that help to build cloud experiences and software distribution mechanisms, and you will help to evolve the security of how software is packaged and delivered.</p>
<p><strong>Location:</strong><span style="font-weight: 400;"> This role will be based remotely in the EMEA region</span></p>
<h2><span style="font-weight: 400;">What the role entails</span></h2>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Reviewing the work of your design team for quality</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Working with individual designers to support their professional growth</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Continuously improving operational workflows, including production outsourcing and collaboration with Web Engineering</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Working with stakeholders, especially the Engineering organization, to clearly define and validate outcomes</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Evolving design systems and guidelines to drive consistent quality and improve efficiency</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Coordinating with the rest of design leadership to mature our collective practice</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Bringing your team and others together to share their work and strengthen culture</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Engaging the open source community to learn and make the value of our work legible<br></span></li>
</ul>
<h2><span style="font-weight: 400;">What we are looking for in you</span></h2>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: 400;">A portfolio demonstrating outstanding quality in UX design and savviness in technology</li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Exceptional educational achievements in design or related behavioral science discipline</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Full lifecycle experience from user needs discovery through validation and implementation guidance</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Commitment to transparent project delivery and owning team deadlines</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Experience of managing a team that interacts with technical stakeholders</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Familiarity with quantitative optimisation approaches</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">A passion for balancing consistency and innovation<br></span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Willingness to travel up to 4 times a year for internal events</span></li>
</ul>
<h2><span style="font-weight: 400;">What we offer you</span></h2>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Your base pay will depend on various factors including your geographical location, level of experience, knowledge and skills. In addition to the benefits below, certain roles are also eligible for additional benefits and rewards including annual bonuses and sales incentives based on revenue or utilisation. Our compensation philosophy is to ensure equity right across our global workforce.&nbsp;&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">In addition to a competitive base pay, we provide all team members with additional benefits, which reflect our values and ideals. Please note that additional benefits may apply depending on the work location and, for more information on these, you can ask in the later stages of the recruitment process.</span></p>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Fully remote working environment - we’ve been working remotely since 2004!</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Personal learning and development budget of 2,000USD per annum</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Annual compensation review</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Recognition rewards</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Annual holiday leave</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Parental Leave</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Employee Assistance Programme</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Opportunity to travel to new locations to meet colleagues at ‘sprints’</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Priority Pass for travel and travel upgrades for long haul company events</span></li>
</ul>
<h2><span style="font-weight: 400;">About Canonical</span></h2>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Canonical is a pioneering tech firm that is at the forefront of the global move to open source. As the company that publishes Ubuntu, one of the most important open source projects and the platform for AI, IoT and the cloud, we are changing the world on a daily basis. We recruit on a global basis and set a very high standard for people joining the company. We expect excellence - in order to succeed, we need to be the best at what we do.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Canonical has been a remote-first company since its inception in 2004.​ Work at Canonical is a step into the future, and will challenge you to think differently, work smarter, learn new skills, and raise your game. Canonical provides a unique window into the world of 21st-century digital business.</span></p>
<h2><span style="font-weight: 400;">Canonical is an equal opportunity employer</span></h2>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are proud to foster a workplace free from discrimination. Diversity of experience, perspectives, and background create a better work environment and better products. </span><a href="https://canonical.com/careers/diversity/identity"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Whatever your identity, we will give your application fair consideration.</span></a></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">#LI-remote&nbsp;</span></p>