<div class="content-intro"><p>Elastic, the Search AI Company, enables everyone to find the answers they need in real time, using all their data, at scale — unleashing the potential of businesses and people. The Elastic Search AI Platform, used by more than 50% of the Fortune 500, brings together the precision of search and the intelligence of AI to enable everyone to accelerate the results that matter. By taking advantage of all structured and unstructured data — securing and protecting private information more effectively — Elastic’s complete, cloud-based solutions for search, security, and observability help organizations deliver on the promise of AI.</p></div><h2><strong>What Is The Role:</strong></h2>
<p>As part of the Platform Engineering department, the Traffic team is crafting, building, and improving the multi-cloud platform at scale for Elastic Cloud<a href="https://www.elastic.co/cloud" target="\_blank"> Hosted</a> and<a href="https://www.elastic.co/elasticsearch/serverless" target="\_blank"> Serverless</a>. We grow and mature our distributed network services and solutions for multiple cloud service provider platforms. We are built on Kubernetes, Go/Scala, and custom orchestration architectures. In your daily life with us, you will participate in coding, innovating technical designs, crafting solutions, improving resilience, and prioritizing security, bug fixes, and features. For example, <a href="https://www.elastic.co/observability-labs/blog/debugging-aks-packet-loss" target="\_blank">Debugging Azure Networking for Elastic Cloud Serverless </a>is part of our efforts, and we want your experience to contribute to a truly exceptional customer experience!</p>
<h2><strong>What You Will Be Doing:</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Taking an engineering approach in leading technical initiatives for automating network engineering efforts to guarantee the reliability of the global Elastic infrastructure. .</li>
<li>Growing our global Platform infrastructure to meet the increasing scaling demands by developing and maintaining software, codebases, tooling and automations.</li>
<li>Collaborating in an environment with an inclusive approach, and focusing on operational perfection which uplifts others.</li>
<li>Preventing repeated customer impact in response to major incidents and prioritised problem management. Our on call rotation is spread well, and we address complex customer concerns too.</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>What You Bring:</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>10+ years in Software Engineering with product success in delivering Cloud network solutions. You collaborate with engineers as an authority in identifying, implementing and delivering solutions. Experience in public cloud, Go and managed Kubernetes services is advantageous.</li>
<li>Success and lessons of experiences from striving for 'progress not perfection' in the name of Platform reliability. We want to hear about your customer first approach in solving operational problems for both today and the future.</li>
<li>Passion for developing solutions that involve inclusive communication methods to grow and strengthen partner and team relationships. Examples of working in distributed teams or working remotely is desirable.</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Bonus Points:</strong></h2>
<p>You don't need to have all of these items, but these represent the types of work you will do as a Software Engineer at Elastic.</p>
<ul>
<li>You have designed and built a SaaS product in a public cloud ideally built using Infrastructure-as-Code tooling such as Crossplane or Terraform</li>
<li>You have built Kubernetes-at-scale infrastructure, ideally across multiple cloud providers, and the vital automation to support it.</li>
<li>You have written product features or functions in Golang or other programming languages.</li>
<li>You have worked with containerized services (such as Docker.)</li>
<li>You have proven results in leading and improving cross-team engineering initiatives.</li>
<li>You have experience in system administration with professional skills in Linux on distributed systems at scale.</li>
<li>You have diagnosed or designed, implemented and created solutions with the Elastic Stack.</li>
<li>You are experienced in a self-organizing and sharing in a globally distributed team environment.</li>
<li>You strengthen team members in bringing out the best of each other by uplifting others with coaching and mentoring.</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><h2><strong>Additional Information - We Take Care of Our People</strong></h2>
<p>As a distributed company, diversity drives our identity. Whether you’re looking to launch a new career or grow an existing one, Elastic is the type of company where you can balance great work with great life. Your age is only a number. It doesn’t matter if you’re just out of college or your children are; we need you for what you can do.</p>
<p>We strive to have parity of benefits across regions and while regulations differ from place to place, we believe taking care of our people is the right thing to do.</p>
<ul>
<li>Competitive pay based on the work you do here and not your previous salary</li>
<li>Health coverage for you and your family in many locations</li>
<li>Ability to craft your calendar with flexible locations and schedules for many roles</li>
<li>Generous number of vacation days each year</li>
<li>Increase your impact - We match up to $2000 (or local currency equivalent) for financial donations and service</li>
<li>Up to 40 hours each year to use toward volunteer projects you love</li>
<li>Embracing parenthood with minimum of 16 weeks of parental leave</li>
</ul>
<p>Different people approach problems differently. We need that. Elastic is an equal opportunity employer and is committed to creating an inclusive culture that celebrates different perspectives, experiences, and backgrounds. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, ethnicity, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender perception or identity, national origin, age, marital status, protected veteran status, disability status, or any other basis protected by federal, state or local law, ordinance or regulation.</p>
<p>We welcome individuals with disabilities and strive to create an accessible and inclusive experience for all individuals. To request an accommodation during the application or the recruiting process, please email <a href="mailto:candidate\_accessibility@elastic.co" target="\_blank">candidate\_accessibility@elastic.co</a><span class="gmail\_default">.</span>&nbsp;We will reply to your request within 24 business hours of submission.</p>
<p><span style="color: #000000;">Applicants have rights under Federal Employment Laws, view posters linked below:</span> <a href="https://www.dol.gov/sites/dolgov/files/WHD/legacy/files/fmlaen.pdf" target="\_blank">Family and Medical Leave Act (FMLA)</a> <span style="color: #000000;">Poster;</span><span style="color: #000000;">&nbsp;<a href="https://www.dol.gov/sites/dolgov/files/ofccp/pdf/pay-transp\_%20English\_formattedESQA508c.pdf" target="\_blank">Pay Transparency Nondiscrimination Provision</a> Poster; </span><a href="https://www.dol.gov/sites/dolgov/files/WHD/legacy/files/eppabw.pdf" target="\_blank">Employee Polygraph Protection Act (EPPA)</a> <span style="color: #000000;">Poster and <a href="https://www.dol.gov/sites/dolgov/files/OFCCP/regs/compliance/posters/pdf/22-088\_EEOC\_KnowYourRights.pdf" target="\_blank">Know Your Rights</a> (Poster)</span></p>
<p><span style="color: #000000;">Elasticsearch develops and distributes technology and information that is subject to U.S. and other countries’ export controls and licensing requirements for individuals who are located in or are nationals of the following sanctioned countries and regions: Belarus, Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Syria, or Russia, including the Ukrainian territories annexed by Russia (The Crimea region of Ukraine, The Donetsk People's Republic (DNR), The Luhansk People's Republic (LNR), Kherson or Zaporizhzhia). If you are located in or are a national of one of the listed countries or regions, an export license may be required as a condition of your employment in this role. Please note that national origin and/or nationality do not affect eligibility for employment with Elastic.</span></p>
<p>Please see&nbsp;<a href="https://www.elastic.co/legal/applicant-privacy-statement" target="\_blank" data-saferedirecturl="https://www.google.com/url?q=https://www.elastic.co/legal/applicant-privacy-statement&amp;source=gmail&amp;ust=1611068262479000&amp;usg=AFQjCNG3orAPk5sJIr9WVm0ZDxYw82c5DA">here</a>&nbsp;for our Privacy Statement.</p></div>