<h2><span style="font-size: 18pt;"><strong>About the opportunity</strong></span></h2>
<p>Are you ready to take the next step in your career? N26 is seeking a&nbsp;Senior Manager - Non Financial Risk and Internal Controls to join our Non-Financial Risk Management team. This is a unique opportunity to be developing and maintaining a robust internal control system at a cutting edge technology-driven bank. In this role, you will support various aspects of internal control system development, risk and control assessment, and reporting, working across functions, products, and markets to evaluate and enhance the internal control systems, mitigating non-financial risks N26 may be exposed to.</p>
<h2><strong><strong>In this role, you will:</strong></strong></h2>
<ul>
<li><strong><strong>Develop and Enhance Non Financial Risks Management and Internal Control System (ICS):</strong> </strong>Continuously design, build, refine and manage N26's internal control systems to ensure they effectively mitigate non-financial risks. Continuously improve control structures to support business growth and compliance.</li>
<li><strong><strong>Cross-Functional Collaboration: </strong></strong>Work closely with departments across N26, gathering assessments relevant to managing non-financial risks. This includes guiding stakeholders during assessment processes to ensure control systems are robust and effective.</li>
<li><strong><strong>Drive Workshops and Training: </strong></strong>Organise workshops and deliver training to internal teams to help them understand and apply internal controls in their processes wherever applicable fostering a culture of risk awareness and ensuring effective ICS implementation.</li>
<li><strong><strong>Risk and Control Assessments: </strong></strong>Guide, review and challenge the Risk and Control Assessments in line with Risk Appetite considerations to ensure a robust and sustainable control environment to mitigate material risks.</li>
<li><strong><strong>Risk Appetite:</strong> </strong>Continuously design, build and refine the Risk Appetite Framework, formulating qualitative and quantitative metrics that define acceptable risk levels across various domains.</li>
<li><strong><strong>Support in Data-Driven Reporting: </strong></strong>Support in designing and implementing a data-driven reporting to provide management and advisory board with actionable insights on N26’s overall risk profile.</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong><strong>What you need to be successful:</strong></strong></h2>
<p><strong><strong>Background</strong></strong></p>
<ul>
<li>A Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in Business Administration, Economics, or other relevant areas</li>
<li>8+ years of professional experience in Non-Financial Risk Management (including Business Continuity Risk, ICT Risk, Third Party Risk Management) gained in banking/financial services or in a consulting firm</li>
<li>Experience in or sound knowledge of Internal Control Systems and standards applicable to the financial industry</li>
</ul>
<p><strong><strong>Skills</strong></strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Strong analytical and conceptual skills, creativity, critical thinking, as well as ability to identify problems and propose solutions</li>
<li>Excellent communication skills both on technical and on managerial level</li>
<li>Sound knowledge of relevant legal and regulatory requirements and common industry standards&nbsp;</li>
<li>Track record in project delivery</li>
<li>An entrepreneurial vision, an autonomous attitude, and a ‘get things done’ approach</li>
<li>Hands-on approach and eagerness to tackle new topics while demonstrating a quick grasp in conceptual project work and strategic thinking</li>
<li>Fluency in English is required, German is a plus</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong><strong>What’s in it for you:</strong></strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Accelerate your career growth by joining one of Europe’s most talked about disruptors 🚀.</li>
<li>Employee benefits that range from a competitive personal development budget, work from home budget, discounts to fitness &amp; wellness memberships, language apps and public transportation.&nbsp;</li>
<li>As an N26 employee you will have access to a Premium subscription on your personal N26 bank account. As well as subscriptions for friends and family members.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;</li>
<li>Additional day of annual leave for each year of service.&nbsp;&nbsp;</li>
<li>A high degree of autonomy and access to cutting edge technologies - all while working with a friendly team of peers of diverse nationalities, life experiences and family statuses.&nbsp;</li>
<li>A relocation package with visa support for those who need it.</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong><strong>Who we are</strong></strong></h2>
<p>N26 has reimagined banking for today’s digital world. Technology and design empower<a href="https://n26.com/en-eu/blog" target="\_blank"> <u>everything we do</u></a> and it’s how we are building the global banking platform the world loves to use.</p>
<p>We've eliminated physical branches, paperwork, and hidden fees for an elegant digital experience and supreme savings. Giving people the power to live and bank their way is what gets us out of bed in the morning and inspires the work that we do.&nbsp;</p>
<p>We are headquartered in Berlin with offices in multiple cities across Europe, including Vienna and Barcelona, and a 1,500-strong team of more than 80 nationalities.</p>
<p>Sounds good? Apply now for this position.</p>
<p><strong><strong>Equal Opportunities:</strong></strong></p>
<p>We recognize that our strength lies in our people and the varied perspectives they bring to our workforce. We strive to build talented and diverse teams to drive our business success and empower our people to reach their full potential.</p>
<p>We genuinely welcome and encourage applications from people of all backgrounds, cultures, genders, sexual orientations, abilities, neurodiversities, and ages. We're committed to creating an inclusive workspace where everyone feels valued and respected, free from harassment and discrimination. If there's anything you need to make the application process work for you, please let us know by reaching out to <a href="mailto:candidate.exp@n26.com" target="\_blank"><u>candidate.exp@n26.com</u></a>.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Visit our <a href="https://n26.com/en-eu/diversity-and-inclusion" target="\_blank"><u>website</u></a> to learn more about Diversity, Equity, &amp; Inclusion at N26.</p>