<div class="content-intro"><p>Fastly helps people stay better connected with the things they love. Fastly’s edge cloud platform enables customers to create great digital experiences quickly, securely, and reliably by processing, serving, and securing our customers’ applications as close to their end-users as possible — at the edge of the Internet. The platform is designed to take advantage of the modern internet, to be programmable, and to support agile software development. Fastly’s customers include many of the world’s most prominent companies, including GitHub, Yelp, Paramount, and JetBlue.</p>
<p>We're building a more trustworthy Internet. Come join us.</p></div><h1><strong><strong>Senior Enterprise Account Executive – Iberia</strong></strong></h1>
<p>Help shape the future of Fastly in the Iberia region</p>
<p>Fastly has redefined the modern CDN and rapidly evolved into a leader in security and edge computing. Now, we’re growing our Iberia presence and looking for a driven, collaborative, and strategic Enterprise Account Executive to lead the way.</p>
<p>You’ll play a foundational role in customer acquisition and growth You’ll report directly to the AVP Sales and work alongside a talented team of engineers, marketers, and customer champions to land and expand key enterprise relationships.</p>
<h3>What You'll Do:</h3>
<ul>
<li>
<p>Develop, own, and execute a go-to-market plan that drives consistent pipeline and revenue growth,&nbsp;</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Accountable for driving pipeline, sales, revenue, and meeting or exceeding quota goals</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Take full ownership of the sales cycle from prospecting and qualification through to executive alignment, negotiation, close, and long-term relationship development</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Collaborate closely with Sales Engineers during meetings, demos, and proof of concepts</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Build trusted relationships with senior technical and business stakeholders (CTO, CISO, CIO, Heads of DevOps &amp; Infrastructure)</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Maintain a deep understanding of Fastly’s platform and how it addresses customer pain points across edge computing, web performance, and security</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Work cross-functionally with Account Management, Channel, Product, Marketing, SDR and Client Services teams to ensure aligned execution and customer success</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Use CRM tools to enrich Fastly customer database and report on sales cycles progress; use of sales prospecting tools to drive out-bounding activities - SDFC, Clari and Looker</p>
</li>
</ul>
<h3>What We're Looking For:&nbsp;</h3>
<ul>
<li>
<p>Deep relationships and field sales experience within Iberia’s enterprise landscape</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Experience with security technologies, content delivery network services, web analytics, website performance, cloud storage, mobile content delivery, or managed web hosting is highly desired</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Proven success selling to senior technical stakeholders, ideally in cloud, security, or developer-oriented tech</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>A proactive approach to pipeline generation. You know how to open doors and build trust quickly.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Strategic thinking combined with strong execution. You’re able to plan, prioritise, and deliver results with autonomy</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Comfortable navigating complexity and ambiguity in a high-growth, evolving environment</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Experience working with and selling through different types of partners, from system integrators to telco operators.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Excellent communication skills that are clear, confident, and consultative</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>A balance of independence and collaboration.&nbsp;</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>You take initiative but value being part of a team</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<h3>Work Hours:<strong> </strong></h3>
<p>This position will require you to be available during core business hours.&nbsp;</p>
<h3>Work Location(s) &amp; Travel Requirements:&nbsp;</h3>
<p>This position is a remote working position. Applications will only be considered for the Spain area</p>
<p>This position will require travel as required by your role or requested by your manager.</p>
<h3>Benefits:&nbsp;</h3>
<p>We care about you. Fastly works hard to create a positive environment for our employees, and we think your life outside of work is important too. We support our teams with great benefits that start on the first day of your employment with Fastly. Curious about our offerings?&nbsp;</p>
<p>We offer a comprehensive benefits package designed to meet your needs. Our offerings may vary depending on the country where you work and are subject to change.</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>Why Fastly?</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>
<p><strong>We have a huge impact.</strong>&nbsp;Fastly is a small company with a big reach. Not only do<a class="external-link" href="https://www.fastly.com/customers" target="\_blank">&nbsp;our customers</a>&nbsp;have a tremendous user base, but we also support a growing number of<a class="external-link" href="https://www.fastly.com/open-source/" target="\_blank">&nbsp;open source projects and initiatives</a>.&nbsp;Outside of code, employees are encouraged to share causes close to their heart with others so we can help lend a supportive hand.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p><strong>We value diversity.</strong>&nbsp;Growing and maintaining our inclusive and diverse team matters to us. We are committed to being a company where our employees feel comfortable bringing their authentic selves to work and have the ability to be successful -- every day.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p><strong>We are passionate.</strong>&nbsp;Fastly is chock full of passionate people and we’re not ‘one size fits all’. Fastly employs authors, pilots, skiers, parents (of humans and animals), makeup geeks, coffee connoisseurs, and more. We love employees for who they are and what they are passionate about.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>We’re always looking for humble, sharp, and creative folks to join the Fastly team. If you think you might be a fit please apply!</strong><strong> A fully completed application and resume or CV are required when applying.</strong></p>
<p><em>All job applications must be submitted through our official careers site at </em><a href="http://www.fastly.com/careers"><em>www.fastly.com/about/careers</em></a><em>. We will never request sensitive information, such as your Social Security number, bank account or credit card information during the application process. All official communication will come from an @</em><a href="http://fastly.com"><em>fastly.com</em></a><em> or @</em><a href="http://recruiting.fastly.com"><em>recruiting.fastly.com</em></a><em> email address. </em></p>
<p><em><span style="font-weight: 400;">Fastly is committed to ensuring equal employment opportunity and to providing employees with a safe and welcoming work environment free of discrimination and harassment. Our employment decisions are based on business needs, job requirements and individual qualifications.</span></em><em><span style="font-weight: 400;"> All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, family or parental status, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances.</span></em></p>
<p><em><span style="font-weight: 400;">Consistent with the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) and federal or state disability laws, Fastly will provide reasonable accommodations for applicants and employees with disabilities. If reasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and/or to receive other benefits and privileges of employment, please contact your Recruiter, or the Fastly Employee Relations team at </span></em><a href="mailto:candidateaccommodations@fastly.com"><em><span style="font-weight: 400;">candidateaccommodations@fastly.com</span></em></a><em><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or 501-287-4901.&nbsp; </span></em></p>
<p><em>Fastly collects and processes personal data submitted by job applicants in accordance with our<a class="external-link" href="https://www.fastly.com/privacy" target="\_blank">&nbsp;Privacy Policy</a>. Please see our<a class="external-link" href="https://www.fastly.com/privacy-job-applicants" target="\_blank">&nbsp;privacy notice for job applicants</a>.</em></p></div>