<div class="content-intro"><p>Fastly helps people stay better connected with the things they love. Fastly’s edge cloud platform enables customers to create great digital experiences quickly, securely, and reliably by processing, serving, and securing our customers’ applications as close to their end-users as possible — at the edge of the Internet. The platform is designed to take advantage of the modern internet, to be programmable, and to support agile software development. Fastly’s customers include many of the world’s most prominent companies, including GitHub, Yelp, Paramount, and JetBlue.</p>
<p>We're building a more trustworthy Internet. Come join us.</p></div><h2>Solutions Architect - Delivery&nbsp;</h2>
<p>We are a diverse, highly skilled, and passionate team that values sharing and collaboration. We provide expert-level technical guidance to customers integrating our products into their application stacks. This means we are working with the latest innovations in technology, learning about them, and using our experience, considering how they are best used. Our engagement with customers starts with service onboarding, configuration migration, traffic go-live, and training. We also continue to work with customers as they get on board, helping integrate our services with their applications to ensure customers get the most out of Fastly.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Our team comes from different backgrounds and locations. As we grow we look for people who can bring their own unique character and talent. We work flexibly, with a focus on delivering quality service to customers. Solutions Architects join our team with a wealth of experiences. Sharing their skills and wisdom, as well as learning from colleagues progressing towards technical, or leadership roles.</p>
<h3>What You'll Do</h3>
<ul>
<li>
<p>Work with new customers to integrate Fastly into their systems during their on-boarding</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Design and build technical solutions on Fastly, using VCL / Go / Rust / Javascript</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Provide existing customers guidance on additional features and performance tuning.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Write and present training materials to customers and internal teams</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Work with Sales Engineers to build Proof Of Concepts for prospective customers</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Be the Subject Matter Expert on the Fastly Delivery and Compute platform</p>
</li>
</ul>
<h3>What We're Looking For</h3>
<h3>Basic Qualifications:</h3>
<ul>
<li>
<p>Proficiency in CDN and WAF technologies, including configuration, optimization, and troubleshooting.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Expert knowledge of HTTP and web application implementation</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Troubleshooting supporting protocols (TCP/IP, UDP, DNS, TLS)</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Basic coding knowledge, including having built projects in one of Go, JavaScript, or Rust</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Experience as customer-facing technical consultant&nbsp;</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Experience with project management, including analyzing a project's requirements, designing and documenting a solution, and delivering that to successful completion</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Created training materials and mentored junior team members&nbsp;</p>
</li>
</ul>
<h3>We’ll be super impressed if you have experience in any of these:&nbsp;</h3>
<ul>
<li>
<p>Experience in additional programming languages</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Written and deployed automated testing, ideally on top of continuous integration / continuous deployment systems</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Worked with infrastructure automation/configuration management systems</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p>Work Hours:&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>
<p>This position will require you to be available during core business hours. 9am-6pm IST</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p>Work Location(s) &amp; Travel Requirements:&nbsp;</p>
<p>This position is open to the following preferred office locations:</p>
<ul>
<li>
<p>Pune, India</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p>Fastly currently embraces a largely hybrid model for most roles which allows employees flexibility to split their time between the office and home.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Salary:</p>
<p>Starting salary may vary based on permissible, non-discriminatory factors such as experience, skills, qualifications, and location.</p>
<p>This role may be eligible to participate in Fastly’s equity and discretionary bonus programs.</p>
<p>Benefits:&nbsp;</p>
<p>We care about you. Fastly works hard to create a positive environment for our employees, and we think your life outside of work is important too. We support our teams with great benefits that start on the first day of your employment with Fastly. Curious about our offerings?&nbsp;</p>
<p>We offer a comprehensive benefits package designed to meet your needs. Our offerings may vary depending on the country where you work and are subject to change.</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>Why Fastly?</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>
<p><strong>We have a huge impact.</strong>&nbsp;Fastly is a small company with a big reach. Not only do<a class="external-link" href="https://www.fastly.com/customers" target="\_blank">&nbsp;our customers</a>&nbsp;have a tremendous user base, but we also support a growing number of<a class="external-link" href="https://www.fastly.com/open-source/" target="\_blank">&nbsp;open source projects and initiatives</a>.&nbsp;Outside of code, employees are encouraged to share causes close to their heart with others so we can help lend a supportive hand.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p><strong>We value diversity.</strong>&nbsp;Growing and maintaining our inclusive and diverse team matters to us. We are committed to being a company where our employees feel comfortable bringing their authentic selves to work and have the ability to be successful -- every day.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p><strong>We are passionate.</strong>&nbsp;Fastly is chock full of passionate people and we’re not ‘one size fits all’. Fastly employs authors, pilots, skiers, parents (of humans and animals), makeup geeks, coffee connoisseurs, and more. We love employees for who they are and what they are passionate about.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>We’re always looking for humble, sharp, and creative folks to join the Fastly team. If you think you might be a fit please apply!</strong><strong> A fully completed application and resume or CV are required when applying.</strong></p>
<p><em>All job applications must be submitted through our official careers site at </em><a href="http://www.fastly.com/careers"><em>www.fastly.com/about/careers</em></a><em>. We will never request sensitive information, such as your Social Security number, bank account or credit card information during the application process. All official communication will come from an @</em><a href="http://fastly.com"><em>fastly.com</em></a><em> or @</em><a href="http://recruiting.fastly.com"><em>recruiting.fastly.com</em></a><em> email address. </em></p>
<p><em><span style="font-weight: 400;">Fastly is committed to ensuring equal employment opportunity and to providing employees with a safe and welcoming work environment free of discrimination and harassment. Our employment decisions are based on business needs, job requirements and individual qualifications.</span></em><em><span style="font-weight: 400;"> All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, family or parental status, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances.</span></em></p>
<p><em><span style="font-weight: 400;">Consistent with the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) and federal or state disability laws, Fastly will provide reasonable accommodations for applicants and employees with disabilities. If reasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and/or to receive other benefits and privileges of employment, please contact your Recruiter, or the Fastly Employee Relations team at </span></em><a href="mailto:candidateaccommodations@fastly.com"><em><span style="font-weight: 400;">candidateaccommodations@fastly.com</span></em></a><em><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or 501-287-4901.&nbsp; </span></em></p>
<p><em>Fastly collects and processes personal data submitted by job applicants in accordance with our<a class="external-link" href="https://www.fastly.com/privacy" target="\_blank">&nbsp;Privacy Policy</a>. Please see our<a class="external-link" href="https://www.fastly.com/privacy-job-applicants" target="\_blank">&nbsp;privacy notice for job applicants</a>.</em></p></div>