Contentsquare is the all-in-one experience intelligence platform designed to be easily used by anyone who cares about digital journeys. With our flexible and scalable platform, organizations quickly get a deep understanding of their customers’ whole online journey.

We are a global leader in the experience analytics space, with a growing presence across 15 offices worldwide. We’re here to stay—and we’re looking for team members who are excited to drive impact and help us scale even further.

Our aim is to create an inclusive workplace where everyone learns and succeeds. Contentsquare has built a community of individuals who are daring, understanding, and deliberate. We invite you to join us in making the complex simpler—for our customers, their customers, and each other.

*Important note: Be careful of scammers pretending to be from Contentsquare. We will never ask for money or contact you through random texts. Any communication from our in house Talent Acquisition team will only ever come from our [contentsquare.com](http://contentsquare.com) or @contentsquare-ext.com domain. For more information, visit our careers blog.*

As a Product Data Analytics Senior Manager, you will lead and develop a team of three analysts dedicated to our core product for all sales-driven business (another data analytics manager handles our self-serve initiatives). In close collaboration with the SVP of Product, you will leverage data with your team to drive strategic decision-making and optimize product performance. This role is integral to our product team, ensuring data-driven decisions guide our product strategy and innovation efforts.

You’ll join the Product Insights department, composed of the Product Data Analytics team and Product Research team. In charge of having a 360 customer knowledge view, we combine quantitative and qualitative insights to inform the product roadmap.  Reporting to the Senior Director of Product Insights, you will ensure your team is aligned with the broader company goals and operates with the velocity required to influence strategic decision-making.

## What you'll do

- **Strategic Alignment:**
- Understand the vision of the different product groups you support and ensure that your team’s focuses on the highest priority topics.
- Showcase critical thinking by advising the Product SVP on which analyses and monitoring would be most beneficial given the current knowledge gaps and desired impacts.
- **Complex Project Management:**
- Direct the execution of complex initiatives involving multiple stakeholders, ensuring the team delivers timely, actionable insights.
- Collaboration or dependencies might include technical teams, such as information systems, data ingestion and engineering, or business teams such as customer success, sales, lifecycle and implementation teams.
- **Team Leadership:**
- Develop and retain talent by identifying and nurturing individual strengths and career aspirations for your three analysts.
- Align with them on clear OKRs and projects to tackle during the quarter, as well as providing ongoing feedback on their analyses, ensuring they focus on high-impact work with an optimized time-to-insight.
- **Data Empowerment:**
- Identify weaknesses in data empowerment across the product lines.
- Guide and empower product teams with advanced methodologies and analytical tools to foster a data-driven culture.
- Provide training and support to ensure teams can independently leverage data insights in their decision-making processes.
- **Strategic Collaboration:**
- Partner with product research leaders to establish direction and purpose, and work with Product Directors/VPs to advocate for insights-driven decision-making.

## What you'll need to succeed

- Proficiency in statistical analysis, data modeling, and data visualization. Ability to interpret complex data sets and translate findings into actionable insights.
- Experience with data analysis, data modeling and visualization tools (SQL, DBT, Excel, Tableau, or similar software).  Expertise in creating advanced data visualizations that effectively communicate complex insights to a broad audience, including dashboards and interactive reports.
- Capacity to identify issues, analyze root causes, and develop effective solutions. Ability to approach problems methodically and think critically. Meticulous in analyzing data and ensuring accuracy. Ability to validate findings thoroughly and maintain high standards in data integrity and reporting.
- Ability to convey complex data insights clearly and effectively to non-technical stakeholders. Strong written and verbal communication skills for reporting and presentations.
- Experience working in cross-functional teams, including product managers, engineers, and designers. Ability to build relationships and influence stakeholders at all levels of the organization.
- Strong organizational skills and the ability to manage multiple projects simultaneously. Experience with project management tools and methodologies.
- Management Experience: Some experience managing data analyst(s), even better if you have managed a team of product analysts, aligning them to a strategic vision without requiring constant guidance.
- Understanding of business strategy and how data-driven insights can support and enhance product and business goals. Ability to align data analysis with business objectives.
- You’ll need to have a prior experience as a data analyst and to hold a business or engineering degree.

## What makes you stand out

- Previous experience of working closely with product leaders to understand the full product lifecycle and strategic considerations, and good knowledge of SaaS Product metrics.
- Understanding of machine learning concepts and experience with implementing predictive models to forecast product performance and user behavior.
- Being able to be hands on to unblock your team, as well as being a strategic communicator.
- You have a prior experience using Contentsquare platform or another similar tool.

**Why you should join Contentsquare**

We invest in our people through career development, mentorship, social events, philanthropic activities, and competitive benefits. We are always assessing the perks we offer to ensure we’re aligned with the employees' needs.

Here are a few we want to highlight:

- Virtual onboarding, Hackathon, and various opportunities to interact with your team and global colleagues both on and offsite each year

- Work flexibility: hybrid and remote work policies

- Generous paid time-off policy (every location is different)

- Lifestyle allowance

- A Culture Crew in every country we’re based in to coordinate regular activities for employees to get to know each other and bond outside of work

- Every full-time employee receives stock options, allowing them to share in the company’s success

- We have multiple Employee Resource Groups, that offer a safe space for individuals who share common identities, life experiences, or allyship to connect, support one another, and passionately advocate for the issues close to their hearts

- And more benefits tailored to each country

*Contentsquare is an equal opportunity employer. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law.*

*Your personal data is used by Contentsquare for recruitment purposes only. Read our* [*Job Candidate Privacy Notice*](https://contentsquare.com/privacy-center/job-candidate-privacy-notice/) *to find out more about data protection at Contentsquare and your rights. You can exercise your rights by using our dedicated Data Subject Rights Portal* [*here*](https://contentsquare.com/privacy-center/data-subject-request-portal/)*.*

*Your personal data will be securely stored in our hosting provider’s data center in Oregon (US west). We have implemented appropriate transfer mechanisms under applicable data protection laws.*

*Contentsquare may use AI-assisted tools to help review and screen applications. All decisions involving hiring are made by human reviewers, and your personal data will be processed in accordance with our*[*Candidate Privacy Policy*](https://contentsquare.com/fr-fr/privacy-center/job-candidate-privacy-notice/)*.*