Pioneer of online flash sales since 2001 and key player in European e-commerce, Veepee collaborates with over 7,000 brands to offer highly discounted products available for a limited time. Operating across various sectors, including fashion, home, wine, travel or beauty... Veepee achieved a turnover of 3.3 billion euros incl. VAT in 2024 and employs 5,000 staff members across 10 countries.

📄 **JOB DESCRIPTION**

In charge of ensuring comprehensive and efficient management of the organization’s human resources, guaranteeing the correct application of corporate policies and compliance with current labor reglations. Coordinates personnel administration, labor relations, compensation, and development processes, promoting equity, resource optimization, and continuous improvement in all actions related to talent management.

## 🎯 TASKS

- Coordinate personnel administration.
- Manage and calculate personnel costs, proposing optimization measures.
- Ensure the correct application of compensation and benefits policies.
- Prepare and analyze reports related to personnel and its management.
- Coordinate the implementation of professional development and training policies.
- Manage requirements from the Labor Inspectorate, ensuring regulatory compliance and appropriate responses.
- Address issues arising from collective bargaining committees, fostering internal coordination and adherence to the agreements reached.
- Manage procedures for the termination of employment relationships, including drafting the pertinent documentation, executing the process, and participating in subsequent conciliation.
- Support and collaborate in the execution of internal and external audits related to personnel management, ensuring the availability of required information and the proper implementation of resulting actions.

## 👉 MUST HAVE skills

- Higher education in Labor Relations, Law, Business Administration and Management (ADE), or related fields.
- A Master’s in Human Resources or specific training in Labor Legal Advisory is a plus.
- Knowledge of HR management tools and labor regulations.
- Previous experience in a similar role.
- **Fluency in Spanish is required**
- Desired English level (B1/B2).
- Advanced IT skills (Excel); knowledge of Google Sites, among others, is desirable.

## 👉Role Profile

- Strong organization and planning skills.
- Ability to work in a team and communicate effectively.
- Analytical and problem-solving skills.
- Adaptability and flexibility.

## ✅ BENEFITS

- Be part of a dynamic and international team!
- Flexible schedule
- Team buildings

## ⚙️ RECRUITMENT PROCESS

- 1️⃣ HR interview.
- 2️⃣ Hiring Manager interview
- 3️⃣ Director interview

All our positions are open to people with health conditions or impairments.

We are convinced that it is up to you to define the way you work, to develop yourself and to progress. At Veepee we guarantee that you can just be yourself! For the service of diversity and inclusion, Veepee is committed to reviewing all applications received on an equal basis.

🔗 **COMPANY**

For more information about our ecosystem : <https://careers.veepee.com/en/home-page-en/>

Our 6000 employees have chosen a job at Veepee to spice up their daily lives! Our teams implement new technologies to fuel our strategies, offering our customers the best possible experience.

**Are you eager to learn?**Veepee offers you a variety of trades to develop your career, enabling you to renew your skills constantly. Tech, logistics, sales, marketing, sales production: join us on an exciting, digital-centered journey.

The Veepee Group processes your data collected as part of the management of your recruitment in order to manage your application file for the position for which you have applied. To find out more about our [personal data protection policy](https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vSo1RtdSKVW0sLLtdwWOSoM3PzGXfqS030q1JrdJXDuOJXfhVwx_YLrrQYJcLQUpA/pub), we invite you to consult it on our career site.

El grupo Veepee procesa sus datos recopilados como parte de la gestión de su reclutamiento para gestionar su expediente de solicitud para el puesto al que ha postulado. Para obtener más información sobre nuestra política de protección de datos personales, le invitamos a consultarla en nuestro sitio de carreras.