**At Nord Security, we’re creating a safer cyber future.**

We help people and businesses take back control of their online security, privacy, and data. From VPNs to password managers, threat intelligence to eSIMs for travel—our teams turn complex problems into solutions trusted by millions worldwide.

Life is online. In this role, you’ll help people own it.

## Main Responsibilities

- Infuse soul/human element into all communications to demonstrate authenticity with employees and attract talent in Poland;
- Execute and deliver a multi-channel employer brand strategy to drive awareness and engagement for Nord Security in Poland.
- Be responsible for planning and executing day-to-day delivery activities to reach our goals;
- Collaborate with our internal designers, copywriters, and production teams to develop a world-class communicational narrative;
- Deliver high-quality ideas to drive the growth of our employer brand in Poland via internal and external communication channels;
- Carry out different research on competitors, employees, and employer brand awareness. All focused on opportunities for brand growth;
- Manage the participation and allocated budget for various tech and talent conferences in Poland, ensuring high-impact presence
- Analyze and monitor progress by preparing and presenting various reports.

## Core Requirements

- 2+ years of proven employer brand experience;
- Sense of ownership and commitment;
- Excellent communication skills;
- Ability to work with cross-functional teams;
- C1 spoken and written English skills;
- Tech-savvy personality;
- Experience in working with global brands and/or digital products would be an advantage.

## Nice To Have

- Experience working with a remote team

## Salary Range

- Gross Salary 8000-15 800 PLN/Month.

About Us Nord Security is a global leader in internet privacy and security solutions and Lithuania’s second tech unicorn. Established in 2012, Nord Security now has more than 1400 employees and serves millions of users worldwide. Our team has a global mission to shape a more secure and peaceful online future for people everywhere. With that in mind, we built several advanced cybersecurity solutions: NordVPN, NordLayer, NordLocker, NordPass, NordProtect, NordStellar, and Saily. And we’re always looking to expand our team of: • Future shapers • Restless achievers • Self-movers • Honest communicators • Team players What We Offer   • Access to Nord Security products. We build solutions used by millions of users worldwide, and you’ll get to experience our products firsthand, at no charge;  • Professional growth. Internal and external events, online training, conferences, books - everything you need to reach full potential;  • Health benefits. Private health insurance, sports access card, online workouts, consultations, programs to improve mental health to feel and be your best; • Mental wellbeing. Access to mental health tools like Calm, Headspace, and Mindletic. Options for therapy to keep your emotional wellbeing in check;  • Team spirit. Team buildings and parties with games, shows, tastings, food coupons, gifts, and it’s on us;  • Additional paid leave. Additional days are covered by us in cases of illness or special occasions;  • Flexibility. Flexible working time arrangement. Kindly refer to our Privacy Notice for Recruitment Candidates for comprehensive information regarding our data handling procedures throughout recruitment processes: https://bit.ly/3urJdOL

**About Us**

**Nord Security** is a global leader in internet privacy and security solutions and Lithuania’s second tech unicorn. Established in 2012, Nord Security now has more than 1400 employees and serves millions of users worldwide. Our team has a global mission to shape a more secure and peaceful online future for people everywhere. With that in mind, we built several advanced cybersecurity solutions: **NordVPN, NordLayer, NordLocker, NordPass, NordProtect, NordStellar, and Saily.**

And we’re always looking to expand our team of:

• Future shapers

• Restless achievers

• Self-movers

• Honest communicators

• Team players

**What We Offer**

• **Access to Nord Security products.** We build solutions used by millions of users worldwide, and you’ll get to experience our products firsthand, at no charge;

• **Professional growth.** Internal and external events, online training, conferences, books - everything you need to reach full potential;

• **Health benefits.** Private health insurance, sports access card, online workouts, consultations, programs to improve mental health to feel and be your best;

**• Mental wellbeing.** Access to mental health tools like Calm, Headspace, and Mindletic. Options for therapy to keep your emotional wellbeing in check;

**• Team spirit.** Team buildings and parties with games, shows, tastings, food coupons, gifts, and it’s on us;

**• Additional paid leave.** Additional days are covered by us in cases of illness or special occasions;

**• Flexibility.** Flexible working time arrangement.

*Kindly refer to our Privacy Notice for Recruitment Candidates for comprehensive information regarding our data handling procedures throughout recruitment processes:* <https://bit.ly/3urJdOL>

**What We Offer**

**Innovate with industry leaders**

Work alongside global experts to build world-leading cybersecurity tools, impacting millions of users around the world.

**Learn & grow**

Boost your skills via our extensive training programs (online and offline) & other resources. Benefit from mentorship and career-switch opportunities to grow within the company.

**Hybrid work**

Enjoy the flexibility with 3 office days and working from home for the remaining 2.

**Work from anywhere**

Recharge with a change of scenery – choose work from any location when you feel a need to power your creativity and drive.

**Physical well-being**

Fuel your active lifestyle with online workouts led by our Physical Well-Being experts. Unlock a variety of sports and wellness facilities, like gyms, swimming pools, and fitness classes, with the Multisport card.

**Mental & emotional health**

Nurture your mind with free psychologist consultations, dedicated mental health events, and premium access to top-rated wellness apps like Calm, Headspace, and Mindletic.

**Premium healthcare**

Receive private health insurance giving you peace of mind for your health needs.

**Joyful moments – special treats**

Celebrate life’s big moments with special gifts from us on your birthday, anniversary, and other major events, such as weddings or the arrival of a new family member.

**Company events & team-building**

Experience iconic Nord Security celebrations, team-buildings, and knowledge-sharing events, nurturing bonds that fuel our success.

**Workation**

Embark on a legendary company getaway abroad, filled with exciting activities, live concerts, engaging workshops, and epic time together.

*Kindly refer to our Privacy Notice for Recruitment Candidates for comprehensive information regarding our data handling procedures throughout recruitment processes:* <https://bit.ly/40GWyjL>

*We expect all candidates to provide accurate and complete information during the recruitment process. While limited use of AI tools to refine application materials is acceptable, candidates remain fully responsible for ensuring that their submissions reflect their own qualifications, skills, and experience. Any failure to do so may negatively affect participation in the recruitment process. If broader AI assistance is allowed for a particular role or stage, we’ll let you know in advance.*

*By submitting your application, you acknowledge that it may be processed using automated tools for evaluation purposes. As part of our recruitment process, we may use an AI-based application review tool to help assess applications based on skills and experience relevant to the role. This technology is used to support - not replace - human decision-making, and every application is ultimately reviewed by a recruiter.*

*If you would like more information about how AI is used in this process or wish to exercise your rights under applicable data privacy laws, please contact us at [privacy@nordaccount.com](mailto:privacy@nordaccount.com). Should you prefer to opt out of the automated evaluation, please submit your application directly to [career@nordsec.com](mailto:career@nordsec.com).*