<div class="content-intro"><p><em>At Klaviyo, we value the unique backgrounds, experiences and perspectives each Klaviyo (we call ourselves Klaviyos) brings to our workplace each and every day. We believe everyone deserves a fair shot at success and appreciate the experiences each person brings beyond the traditional job requirements. If you’re a close but not exact match with the description, we hope you’ll still consider applying. Want to learn more about life at Klaviyo? Visit <a class="\_ymio1r31 \_ypr0glyw \_zcxs1o36 \_mizu194a \_1ah3dkaa \_ra3xnqa1 \_128mdkaa \_1cvmnqa1 \_4davt94y \_4bfu18uv \_1hms8stv \_ajmmnqa1 \_vchhusvi \_kqswh2mm \_ect4ttxp \_syaz13af \_1a3b18uv \_4fpr8stv \_5goinqa1 \_f8pj13af \_9oik18uv \_1bnxglyw \_jf4cnqa1 \_30l313af \_1nrm18uv \_c2waglyw \_1iohnqa1 \_9h8h12zz \_10531ra0 \_1ien1ra0 \_n0fx1ra0 \_1vhv17z1" href="http://klaviyo.com/careers" data-renderer-mark="true">klaviyo.com/careers</a>&nbsp;to see how we empower creators to own their own destiny.</em></p></div><h1><strong>Account Executive — Customer Growth (ANZ)</strong></h1>
<p>Account Executives at Klaviyo are given a tremendous opportunity to have a huge impact on Klaviyo's customers, on Klaviyo's trajectory, and as a result, on themselves. At Klaviyo, AEs pride themselves on being product experts who focus on expanding the right customers in the right way — driving genuine platform adoption and long-term value.</p>
<p>CG AEs own the full expansion sales cycle with existing Klaviyo customers — from identifying whitespace to running discovery, demo, and driving the buying process to close — across Klaviyo's growing product suite including Marketing, K:Service (Customer Hub, Customer Agent, Helpdesk), SMS, and Analytics.</p>
<p>The best CG AEs are trusted advisors to their customers, able to close a high percentage of their opportunities, forecast with accuracy, and proactively manage and grow their book of business over time.</p>
<h2><strong>How You'll Make a Difference</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Grow Klaviyo's revenue within our existing ANZ customer base by introducing and closing new products across Marketing, K:Service, SMS, and Analytics</li>
<li>Actively manage your pipeline and develop a strategy for long-term sustained territory growth</li>
<li>Support the success of your peers</li>
<li>Exhibit Klaviyo's values of accountability and effort</li>
<li>Transform workflows by putting AI at the center, building smarter systems and ways of working from the ground up</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Who You Are</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>2+ years carrying revenue quota with consistent overachievement, ideally selling MarTech or SaaS solutions into an existing customer base — or a Customer Success background with a strong commercial track record and a genuine appetite to move into a closing role</li>
<li>Experience selling platform or multi-product solutions — you understand how to map customer needs to a broader product suite, not just close a single SKU</li>
<li>Familiarity with Customer Support SaaS platforms (e.g. Gorgias, Zendesk, Freshdesk) and/or SMS marketing is a bonus — but not a requirement</li>
<li>Experience selling to Marketing, CX, or Operations personas and solid knowledge of the Ecommerce / Retail / Brands domain</li>
<li>A strategic seller — able to map customer goals to multi-product solutions, build consensus across stakeholders, and manage longer, more complex buying cycles</li>
<li>Proven ability to work cross-functionally with CSMs, Partners, and internal stakeholders to drive deals and deliver customer outcomes</li>
<li>Excited, motivated, and inspired by exceeding goals</li>
<li>Embrace failure as feedback — not afraid to hear no, and rigorous in your pursuit of improvement</li>
<li>Strong growth mindset with a bias toward action</li>
<li>Adept at influencing and relationship building; encouraging, engaging, and energetic with your team</li>
<li>You've already experimented with AI in work or personal projects, and you're excited to dive in and learn fast — finding ways to make your work smarter and more efficient</li>
<li>Full authorisation to work in Australia without any restrictions</li>
<li>Based in Sydney and able to work from our Sydney office a minimum of 3 days per week</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Klaviyo in APAC:</strong></h2>
<p>We are starting small but have big plans for Klaviyo in APAC. Our Sydney team began to take shape throughout 2022 and has now built out our go to market teams in sales, customer success, partnerships, marketing, recruiting and product support. As the team grows we will see a continued expansion of Klaviyo’s customer base and the building of a fantastic working culture in line with what we see elsewhere in Klaviyo but with its own local identity within our Sydney based team. This is your unique opportunity to join us at an very early stage and help to shape our future Klaviyo in APAC.</p>
<p>One of our values as a company is ‘always learning’ and you can feel that in APAC. People are looking to grow and develop and Klaviyo provides a great platform to do so. As we are still relatively early in our journey in APAC this means there is a lot of headroom to grow and develop within your role - we are looking for the leaders of the future. At Klaviyo generally managers are often promoted up into their roles and people are regularly being promoted or moving into new functional areas - it really is an education through experience here.&nbsp;</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>We use Covey as part of our hiring and / or promotional process. For jobs or candidates in NYC, certain features may qualify it as an AEDT. As part of the evaluation process we provide Covey with job requirements and candidate submitted applications. We began using<a href="https://getcovey.com/product/covey-scout-inbound"> Covey Scout for Inbound</a> on April 3, 2025.</p>
<p>Please see the independent bias audit report covering our use of Covey<a href="https://getcovey.com/nyc-local-law-144"> here</a></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><br><br></p><div class="content-pay-transparency"><div class="pay-input"><div class="description"><p>Our salary range reflects the cost of labour in the country where the job post is advertised. The base salary offered for this position is determined by several factors, including the applicant’s job-related skills, relevant experience, education or training, and work location.</p>
<p>In addition to base salary, our total compensation package may include participation in the company’s annual cash bonus plan, variable compensation (OTE) for sales and customer success roles, equity, sign-on payments, and a comprehensive range of health, welfare, and wellbeing benefits based on eligibility.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Your recruiter can provide more details about the specific salary/OTE&nbsp; range for your preferred location during the hiring process.</p></div><div class="title">Base Pay Range in Local Currency:</div><div class="pay-range"><span>$100,000</span><span class="divider">&mdash;</span><span>$100,000 AUD</span></div></div></div><div class="content-conclusion"><p><em>This role may require up to 10% travel for purposes such as new hire onboarding, client or partner work if applicable, team meetings, and industry events. Travel is coordinated in advance.</em></p>
<p><strong>Get to Know Klaviyo</strong></p>
<p>We’re Klaviyo (pronounced clay-vee-oh). We empower creators to own their destiny by making first-party data accessible and actionable like never before. We see limitless potential for the technology we’re developing to nurture personalized experiences in ecommerce and beyond. To reach our goals, we need our own crew of remarkable creators—ambitious and collaborative teammates who stay focused on our north star: delighting our customers. If you’re ready to do the best work of your career, where you’ll be welcomed as your whole self from day one and supported with generous benefits, we hope you’ll join us.</p>
<p><em>AI fluency at Klaviyo includes responsible use of AI (including privacy, security, bias awareness, and human-in-the-loop). We provide accommodations as needed.&nbsp;</em></p>
<p><em>By participating in Klaviyo’s interview process, you acknowledge that you have read, understood, and will adhere to our&nbsp;<a href="https://www.klaviyo.com/careers/ai-guidance" target="\_blank" data-saferedirecturl="https://www.google.com/url?q=https://www.klaviyo.com/careers/ai-guidance&amp;source=gmail&amp;ust=1761072778777000&amp;usg=AOvVaw0auUcRqeYRczM9UoXAKldj">Guidelines for using AI in the Klaviyo interview Process</a>. For more information about how we process your personal data, see our&nbsp;<a href="https://www.klaviyo.com/legal/job-applicant-privacy-notice" target="\_blank" data-saferedirecturl="https://www.google.com/url?q=https://www.klaviyo.com/legal/job-applicant-privacy-notice&amp;source=gmail&amp;ust=1761072778777000&amp;usg=AOvVaw1axMoReIM1qwTbmaPcLI\_b">Job Applicant Privacy Notice</a>.<br></em></p>
<p><em>Klaviyo is committed to a policy of equal opportunity and non-discrimination. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, ethnicity, citizenship, national origin, color, religion or religious creed, age, sex (including pregnancy), gender identity, sexual orientation, physical or mental disability, veteran or active military status, marital status, criminal record, genetics, retaliation, sexual harassment or any other characteristic protected by applicable law.</em></p>
<div id="1737752197.414839" class="c-virtual\_list\_\_item" data-qa="virtual-list-item" data-item-key="1737752197.414839">
<div class="c-message\_kit\_\_background p-message\_pane\_message\_\_message c-message\_kit\_\_message" data-qa="message\_container" data-qa-unprocessed="false" data-qa-placeholder="false">
<div class="c-message\_kit\_\_hover" data-qa-hover="true">
<div class="c-message\_kit\_\_actions c-message\_kit\_\_actions--default">
<div class="c-message\_kit\_\_gutter">
<div class="c-message\_kit\_\_gutter\_\_right" data-qa="message\_content">
<div class="c-message\_kit\_\_blocks c-message\_kit\_\_blocks--rich\_text">
<div class="c-message\_\_message\_blocks c-message\_\_message\_blocks--rich\_text" data-qa="message-text">
<div class="p-block\_kit\_renderer" data-qa="block-kit-renderer">
<div class="p-block\_kit\_renderer\_\_block\_wrapper p-block\_kit\_renderer\_\_block\_wrapper--first">
<div class="p-rich\_text\_block">
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section"><em data-stringify-type="italic">IMPORTANT NOTICE: Our company takes the security and privacy of job applicants very seriously. We will never ask for payment, bank details, or personal financial information as part of the application process. All our legitimate job postings can be found on our official career site. Please be cautious of job offers that come from non-company email addresses (@klaviyo.com), instant messaging platforms, or unsolicited calls.</em></div>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section">&nbsp;</div>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section"><strong data-stringify-type="bold">By clicking "Submit Application" you consent to Klaviyo processing your Personal Data in accordance with our Job Applicant Privacy Notice.&nbsp; If you do not wish for Klaviyo to process your Personal Data, please do not submit an application.<em data-stringify-type="italic">&nbsp; </em></strong><em data-stringify-type="italic">You can find our Job Applicant Privacy Notice&nbsp;</em><em data-stringify-type="italic"><a class="c-link" href="https://www.klaviyo.com/legal/job-applicant-privacy-notice" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://www.klaviyo.com/legal/job-applicant-privacy-notice" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">here</a></em><em data-stringify-type="italic">&nbsp;and <a href="https://www.klaviyo.com/fr/legal/job-applicant-privacy-notice">here</a> (FR).</em></div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div id="1737477146.268809" class="c-virtual\_list\_\_item" data-qa="virtual-list-item" data-item-key="1737477146.268809">
<div class="c-message\_kit\_\_background p-message\_pane\_message\_\_message c-message\_kit\_\_message" data-qa="message\_container" data-qa-unprocessed="false" data-qa-placeholder="false">
<div class="c-message\_kit\_\_hover" data-qa-hover="true">
<div class="c-message\_kit\_\_actions c-message\_kit\_\_actions--above">
<div class="c-message\_kit\_\_gutter">
<div class="c-message\_kit\_\_gutter\_\_left">&nbsp;</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div></div>