<p>At JetBrains, we build state-of-the-art tools that help software developers maximize their potential. Benefitting from over 25 years of industry experience and our passion for cutting-edge technology, our tools allow companies to build great things in less time. Our products are used by over 15 million developers worldwide, as well as 88 companies in the Forbes Global Top 100.</p>
<p>The Email Marketing team at JetBrains supports the company's marketing initiatives by handling the full lifecycle of email campaigns. Our team collaborates with stakeholders throughout the company to ensure their messaging reaches its target audience. We are now looking for a Junior Email Marketing Specialist to help us engage with our growing community of individual and enterprise customers worldwide.</p>
<p>In this role, you will be managing a broad range of email marketing campaigns to promote our tools and help increase our worldwide sales.</p>
<h2><strong>As part of our team, you will:</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Develop, execute, and optimize email campaigns to support various company activities.</li>
<li>Collaborate with product marketing, brand marketing, sales, copyediting, localization,&nbsp; and design teams to create campaigns tailored to different audience segments.</li>
<li>Support high-priority business initiatives such as AI tool marketing.</li>
<li>Analyze email performance metrics and user behavior to continuously improve campaign effectiveness.</li>
<li>A/B test email content, subject lines, and CTAs to maximize open rates, click rates, and conversions.</li>
<li>Stay up to date with industry trends and best practices to drive innovation in our email marketing strategies.</li>
<li>Work with marketing automation tools to streamline and scale email campaigns across multiple languages and regions.</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Requirements:</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Fluency in English, both written and spoken.</li>
<li>Experience in marketing, with a focus on email marketing, digital marketing, or content marketing.</li>
<li>The ability to learn quickly and navigate large volumes of information.</li>
<li>Excellent time management skills and the ability to prioritize tasks.</li>
<li>The ability to work independently and effectively in a distributed team.</li>
<li>Strong collaboration skills and the ability to work effectively with members of cross-functional teams.</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>We would be especially thrilled if you have:</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Experience with marketing automation tools (e.g. Marketo, Hubspot, or similar).</li>
<li>Experience in software or technology marketing.</li>
<li>A general understanding of HTML or CSS.</li>
<li>Familiarity with GDPR and other email marketing regulations.</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Why join JetBrains?&nbsp;</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Strong base salary. We offer competitive pay that reflects your skills and experience.</li>
<li>Flexible work location. Enjoy the freedom to work from home or from the office.</li>
<li>Remote work. Spend up to 30 days per year working remotely from abroad.</li>
<li>Extra time off. More days to relax, recharge, and do the things you love.</li>
<li>Medical insurance allowance. Enjoy peace of mind for you and your family</li>
<li>Learning and development opportunities. Access to conferences, courses, and language classes.</li>
<li>Language classes. Pick up the local language or sharpen your English skills.</li>
<li>Fuel your day. Enjoy a hot meal or receive a lunch allowance on workdays.</li>
<li>Mental health support. To help you feel your best, we provide easy access to professional mental health services.</li>
<li>Sports benefit. Enjoy an on-site gym or sports club stipend.</li>
<li>Internal events. Join company-wide celebrations and team gatherings.</li>
</ul>
<p>\*Some benefits may vary depending on location.</p>
<p><span style="color: rgb(236, 240, 241);"><br><br><span style="color: rgb(255, 255, 255);">#LI-DNI&nbsp;</span></span></p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>We are an equal opportunity employer</strong><br><br>We know great ideas can come from anyone, anywhere. That’s why we do our best to create an open and inclusive workplace – one that welcomes everyone regardless of their background, identity, religion, age, accessibility needs, or orientation.</p>
<p><em data-stringify-type="italic">We process the data provided in your job application in accordance with the <a href="https://www.jetbrains.com/legal/docs/privacy/privacy-recruitment/">Recruitment Privacy Policy.</a></em></p></div>