### **Who is Sonar?**

Sonar is driving the future of agent-centric software development. As the leader in AI code review and verification, we solve a critical problem: ensuring that software generated by AI-assisted developers or autonomous agents is reliable, secure, and maintainable.

Integrating seamlessly with Claude Code, Codex, Cursor, GitHub Copilot, Gemini, and Devin, we help over 75% of the Fortune 100 build trusted, reliable, compliant software. Customers who use Sonar are 44% less likely to report an outage due to AI-generated code.

We believe code verification is the critical missing link in the Agent-Centric Development Cycle (AC/DC). Industry giants like Nvidia, ServiceNow, Booking.com, Goldman Sachs, AstraZeneca, and Ford Motor Company count on us to provide independent, explainable, consistent review and governance of their AI-generated code via products like:

* SonarQube: The world’s leading AI code review and verification platform.
* SonarQube Foundation Agent: Currently topping the leaderboards for agentic software repair.
* SonarSweep & Sonar Context Augmentation: Providing the enterprise-grade context and constraints agents need to be truly effective.

Our team operates across global hubs in Austin, Bochum, Dubai, Geneva, London, Singapore, Tokyo, and Washington D.C. We move with a mindset we call CODE:

* Committed to our customers and community.
* Obsessed with quality.
* Deliberate in our decisions.
* Effective as one team.

With over $400M in revenue and profitable, fast-paced growth, we are building the backbone of the AI software revolution. If you’re hungry to have an impact, want to build at a fast pace, and ready to work at the forefront of AI, we want to hear from you.

### **Position description**

Our research program aims to achieve automated software evolution via analysis, verification, and test generation. Applications of repair studied in the program will include security vulnerability repair, patch transplantation across versions of major software systems such as Linux, as well as the use of agentic workflows to automate software evolution. You will work on pioneering projects that advance the application of AI and ML within the realm of software engineering. This role offers the opportunity to conduct cutting-edge research, develop novel algorithms, and contribute to the development of software tools that enhance system performance, reliability, and flexibility.

## What you will do

- Conduct applied research in integrating AI/LLM techniques with software engineering practices to improve code quality, testing, and software maintenance.
- Design and implement experimental prototypes to demonstrate feasibility of new methodologies.
- Training and fine-tuning LLMs (both commercial and open-source) to improve performance
- Implement and maintain pipelines to collect high quality large datasets to train/finetune LLMs.
- Prepare, analyze and preprocess large datasets of code used to train LLMs
- Collaborate with cross-functional teams, including software engineers, and product managers, to translate research findings into practical applications.
- Stay informed about the latest advancements in AI/ML and software engineering to identify emerging trends and opportunities for innovation.
- Participate in code reviews and provide constructive feedback to other developers/researchers.
- Implement best practices from DevOps to maintain a readable codebase, testable infrastructure and documented research artifacts

## Experience and qualifications

- Masters degree (or equivalent)  in Computer Science, Engineering, or related field.
- At least 3 years of experience as a ML/AI/LLM Engineer, ideally in Software Engineering.
- Strong research background in AI, ML, and SE
- Experience working with generative AI technologies (e.g. GPT-4, BedRock)
- Experience in developing tools or frameworks that utilize AI/ML to enhance software development processes.
- Familiarity with techniques for automated code generation, program synthesis, and software testing using AI/ML
- Experience in developing and prototyping in Python and R
- Understanding of software development processes and terminology.
- Excellent debugging, optimization skills, communication and teamwork skills
- Excellent problem-solving skills and the ability to work independently or as part of a team.

Nic to have:

- Knowledge of reinforcement learning algorithms and experience with model training
- Experience in publishing research papers in top-tier conferences and journals
- Familiarity with AWS services such as Lambda, EC2, ECS, SNS, SQS, and RDS is an advantage
- Experience using and configuring static analyzers as part of a research project

### **Additional comments**

This role is based in Singapore. We are unable to consider candidates unwilling to be in Singapore, but we are willing to relocate the right candidate.

### **We value diversity, equity, and inclusion**

At Sonar, we believe that our diversity is our strength. We are a global company that values and respects different backgrounds, perspectives, and cultures. We are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive work environment where everyone feels valued and empowered to contribute their best. We are proud to be an equal opportunity employer and welcome all qualified applicants, regardless of race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status.

If you need any accommodation, please reach out to us at [hiring@sonarsource.com](mailto:hiring@sonarsource.com).

All offers of employment at Sonar are contingent upon the results of a comprehensive background check and reference verification conducted before the start date.

We do not currently support visa candidates in the US.

Applications that are submitted through agencies or third party recruiters will not be considered.