<div class="content-intro"><div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
<div>
<p>At Cloudflare, we are on a mission to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers millions of websites and other Internet properties for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.&nbsp;</p>
<p>At Cloudflare, we’re not looking for people who wait for a polished roadmap; we’re looking for the builders who see the cracks in the Internet that everyone else has simply learned to live with. We value candidates who have the instinct to spot a "normalized" problem and the AI-native curiosity to create a solution using the latest tools. Our culture is built on iteration, leveraging AI to ship faster today to make it better tomorrow, while ensuring that every improvement, no matter how small, is shared across the team to lift everyone up. If you’re the type of person who values curiosity over bureaucracy, and that AI is a partner in solving tough problems to keep the Internet moving forward, you’ll fit right in.</p>
</div></div><p><strong>Location: Hybrid - </strong><strong>London, Lisbon, Munich or Amsterdam</strong></p>
<hr>
<p><strong>About the Department</strong></p>
<p>Account Executives, Business Development Representatives, Solution Engineers, and Customer Success - all working together to help our customers adopt Cloudflare and build great Internet-enabled experiences. The sales team at Cloudflare helps customers take on real, technical problems while building the revenue streams that help the company provide free service to millions in our community.</p>
<p><strong>About the Role</strong></p>
<p>Based out of one of our EMEA hubs, you will help scale our new business revenues across the Gaming &amp; iGaming segment in the Central and Eastern Europe region by leading a team of Account Executives. As a first line manager you will i) coach AEs and act as the first line of support on pipeline generation, deal execution strategy and day-to-day matters, ii) work with Sales Ops, Management, Marketing, Partners, BDRs and other sales supporting functions to drive and iterate on/improving Cloudflare’s brand awareness, Go-To-Market strategy, and adoption, and iii) help attract, hire, and ramp-up high-performing Account Executives to hit sales targets and drive company goals (DNR growth, new product attach rates etc.).</p>
<p><strong>Responsibilities</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Drive exceptional sales growth by meeting and exceeding assigned quarterly and annual quotas</li>
<li>Manage, coach, and develop your team of Account Executives</li>
<li>Provide day-to-day deal support and functional guidance to AEs</li>
<li>Source, interview, and recruit top sales talents in coordination with recruiting and sales leaders</li>
<li>Own and drive accurate and up-to-date AE KPI, reporting in Salesforce and provide attainment forecast guidance to sales management on a weekly basis</li>
<li>Help define ideal AE profiles for the region</li>
<li>Help on-board and ramp up AEs</li>
<li>Develop and iterate on best-practices/programs aimed at accelerating DNR growth, new product (Cloudflare One portfolio) attach rates, and other company goals</li>
<li>Define and drive optimal Sales Go-To-Market coverage (vertical, geo-based etc.) for all market segments</li>
<li>Drive channel relationships forward to accelerate channel business</li>
<li>Help foster relationships between customer/partner executives and Cloudflare executives within key customer accounts</li>
<li>Drive an efficient business cadence to cover forecast calls, pipeline, deal reviews, and account plan reviews ...etc</li>
<li>Devise and lead quarterly business reviews/kick-offs reporting on the overall health of the business in your region</li>
<li>Set the bar and best practices when it comes to data-driven new business sales and growth of existing accounts</li>
<li>Document functional best practices and work with Sales Enablement to develop AE sales play books for both core and new products</li>
<li>Work with Regional/Global Sales Management, Marketing, Channel, Sales Ops, and necessary sales supporting functions to devise and implement strategies to drive up Cloudflare’s brand awareness and revenues in target markets</li>
<li>Develop and maintain relationships with industry related organizations that are key to Cloudflare's business in the region</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Requirements</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Fluency in English and at least one Central and Eastern European language</li>
<li>A minimum of 15 years of overall sales experience out of which at least 10 years should be focused on the Central and Eastern Europe region working across Gaming &amp; iGaming segments there</li>
<li>You should have 5+ years experience managing a team of quota-carrying sales reps with a successful proven track record of selling and upselling complex solutions across all market segments in the Central and Eastern Europe region; preferably in a SaaS/Cloud/Cybersecurity platforms industry</li>
<li>Experience directly managing a high volume, high velocity pipeline driving rapid growth while delivering long term value to our customers</li>
<li>Experience developing &amp; rolling-out Go-to-Market strategies in a fast-paced, rapidly changing environment</li>
<li>Excellent presentation and communication skills, both written and verbal, with confidence to develop and present ideas to different audience levels</li>
<li>Established experience and relationships with the Cybersecurity and SaaS/Cloud community in the assigned market with the ability to establish and grow strong partnerships</li>
<li>Hands-on leader that strikes a balance between strategic vision and tactical execution</li>
<li>Having a well regarded market reputation with strong related connections and relationships</li>
<li>Experience with Salesforce and other sales reporting and BI tools</li>
<li>Self-motivated with an entrepreneurial spirit and comfortable working in a fast-paced and dynamic environment</li>
<li>Capacity to strive in a diverse and multicultural workplace</li>
<li>Aptitude to learn new technical concepts and terms</li>
<li>Bachelor’s degree required in a related field (Computer engineering, computer science or similar studies). MBA or MIS a plus</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: Since 2014, we've equipped more than 2,400 journalism and civil society organizations in 111 countries with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: In 2017, we created the Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration. Since the project, we've provided services to more than 425 local government election websites in 33 states.</span></p>
<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Please note that applicants who progress to the offer stage of the interview process may be asked to attend an in-person interview within one of the Cloudflare Offices or Cloudflare Hubs.&nbsp; More details about this will be available at that stage of the interview process.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p></div>