<p>First and most importantly: our mission is to bring transparency and clarity to the world's data.</p>
<p>Our platform, FiftyOne, is <strong>where AI work happens</strong>. Our enterprise platform is <em>the</em> mission critical linchpin for managing unstructured data, model development, and AI systems at the world's largest companies, including dozens from the Fortune 500.</p>
<p>We believe that <strong>open source </strong>is the way to lead the data-centric AI revolution. Our open source version has 4 million downloads to-date.</p>
<p>Our software massively impacts AI work across almost every vertical: <strong>from self-driving cars to medical imaging to revolutionizing agriculture</strong>, we are at the thrilling center of real-world AI advancement’s next wave.</p>
<p>And we’re built on three key tenets:</p>
<ul>
<li>We are all<strong> human beings</strong>: we strive to be a “human-first” organization and treat everyone with the respect, care, and flexibility that all people deserve.&nbsp;</li>
<li>We are<strong> distributed</strong>: we believe in getting autonomy and power into the hands of people actually doing the work.</li>
<li>We believe in the power of <strong>community.</strong></li>
</ul>
<p>We are fully remote, hiring for people based in the United States, and who are prepared to travel to at least 2 in-person retreats per year.</p>
<p><strong>About your role</strong></p>
<p>As a Senior Software Engineer, you will be empowering our users around the world to explore, visualize, and analyze massive visual unstructured datasets. Your work will be at the center of AI innovation in the top research labs and most innovative companies in the world. You’ll be helping us scale our application to ever larger datasets, improve our visualizations, integrate innovative ML research into user workflows, and more. We are solving unique challenges, and our day-to-day work is never boring.</p>
<p><em>This is a software developer role, there is no ML or AI experience required</em>.</p>
<p><strong>What it’s like to be an engineer at Voxel51</strong></p>
<p>We are small enough to still have the fast-pace excitement of a startup where every day counts. But, we are mature enough to know doing great work requires the space to design solutions, experiment, measure, and <em>engineer</em>.</p>
<p>We believe in open and respectful debate: that the goal is for the best ideas (not “my” ideas) to rise to the top, and that those ideas can come from anywhere. We try to trust one another, to learn from one another, and always strive to improve.</p>
<p>Our engineering leadership subscribes to “servant leadership”: helping to support you, unblock you, and empower you – not micromanage you.</p>
<p><strong>What you will do</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Collaborate on architecting, developing, and scaling new and existing functionality in the open source and enterprise versions of FiftyOne.</li>
<li>Write production code that is maintainable, extensible, performant, and well tested.</li>
<li>Support your teammates through code reviews, pairing, respectful debate, and feedback.</li>
<li>Contribute to a thriving open source project and community.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>What you should bring</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>7+ years of professional software engineering experience developing maintainable and delightful systems.</li>
<li>BS or MS in computer science or a related field.</li>
<li>Expertise with Typescript/React. Proficiency with Python, a plus.</li>
<li>A passion for UI and visualization. Experience working with 3D is a plus.</li>
<li>Proven ability to work in a remote-first, collaborative environment.</li>
</ul>
<p>The cash compensation for this person is in the $180K - $220K range. In addition to base comp for this role, we offer equity in the form of options, a variety of benefits, and the opportunity to grow in an exciting and collaborative environment.</p>