<h2><strong>Job Description</strong></h2>
<p>Ready to join a fast-paced, friendly team in Sydney? HelloFresh and BeCool are hiring Pick &amp; Pack staff to help deliver fresh, delicious meals to homes across Australia. If you love staying active, working with your hands, and being part of something big – this is the role for you. No experience? No worries – we’ll train you! Apply now and start your journey with the HelloFresh Group.</p>
<p><strong>You will…</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Pick pack a variety of ingredients in a cold environment</li>
<li>Manual Handling</li>
<li>Labelling boxes</li>
<li>Replenishing stock</li>
<li>Using both manual and electrical pallet riders (selected staff only)</li>
<li>Working in both kitting, assembly areas and consolidating areas&nbsp;</li>
<li>Follow all GMP/Site rules</li>
<li>Use of a computer system i.e. Pick to light</li>
<li>Low level automation to assist with pick ingredients</li>
<li>Moving dollies and crates around from kitting lines to assembly areas as per box guides</li>
<li>General housekeeping</li>
<li>Adhere to OH&amp;S regulations</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>You have/are…</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Previous experience in the food industry would be highly regarded but not necessary</li>
<li>Have previous pick packing/warehouse experience would be good</li>
<li>Be able to work in a fast paced, cold environment</li>
<li>Be available for full time, part time permanent and casual roles</li>
<li>Have experience in using manual/electrical pallet riders</li>
<li>Be available to start at various times e.g. 7am, 8am, 8.30am</li>
<li>Be available to work Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday and Saturdays</li>
<li>Adhere to the required pick rates</li>
<li>Have great attention to detail</li>
<li>Be physically fit</li>
<li>Punctual, reliable and highly motivated</li>
<li>Able to work autonomously and in a team environment</li>
<li>Proactive, with a can-do attitude</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>What you’ll get in return…&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>The chance to have a significant impact in a leading global food technology company</li>
<li>Egoless environment, constant learning with room for personal growth</li>
<li>Rewards and Recognition Program&nbsp;</li>
<li>Staff events to celebrate important dates&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Start Date: </strong>Immediately available - Can wait a notice period</p>
<p><strong>Duration: </strong>Full Time, Part Time and Casual positions available</p>
<p><strong>Location: </strong>Eastern Creek - Onsite Parking Available, alternatively public transport is a 10 minute walk so please be cautious of this.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;</p>
<p>#LI-Onsite</p>
<h2><strong>Are you up for the challenge?</strong></h2>
<p style="text-align: justify;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Please submit your complete application below including your salary expectations and earliest starting date.</span></p>