<div class="content-intro"><p><strong>Secure Every Identity, from AI to Human<br><br></strong>Identity is the key to unlocking the potential of AI. Okta secures AI by building the trusted, neutral infrastructure that enables organizations to safely embrace this new era. This work requires a relentless drive to solve complex challenges with real-world stakes. We are looking for builders and owners who operate with speed and urgency and execute with excellence.<br><br>This is an opportunity to do career-defining work. We're all in on this mission. If you are too, let's talk.</p></div><p><strong>Strategic Account Team&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>We have a team of highly experienced sellers who are targeting Okta’s largest customers.&nbsp; This segment represents one of the biggest opportunities for growth at Okta.&nbsp; Each Strategic Account Executive is responsible for maintaining high activity standards; daily prospecting, pipeline growth, prospect qualification, and delivering assigned monthly sales revenue targets.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>The Strategic Account Executive Opportunity</strong></p>
<p>The successful Okta Account Executive is a highly motivated, self-driven, and experienced Account Executive who is passionate about security and about driving protection against the biggest identity threats.</p>
<p>As an Okta Strategic AE, you will be focused on providing value to C-Suite decision makers on their ability to drive the most secure environment possible for their workforce. You will consistently drive territory growth through driving both net new logos and cultivating and growing existing Okta customers. You will continually drive territory growth through both net new logos as well as through cultivating relationships to develop and grow existing Auth0 customers.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>What You’ll Be Doing:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Establish a vision and plan to guide your long-term approach to net new logo pipeline generation&nbsp;</li>
<li>Consistently deliver revenue targets to support YoY territory growth&nbsp;</li>
<li>Identify, develop and execute account strategies to generate pipeline, drive sales opportunities and deliver repeatable and predictable bookings</li>
<li>Identify, target and gain access to appropriate leaders in prospect accounts, building and cultivating your network of decision makers&nbsp;&nbsp;</li>
<li>Scope, negotiate and close agreements to consistently meet and exceed revenue quota targets&nbsp;</li>
<li>Holistically embrace, access, and utilize Okta partners to identify and open new, uncharted opportunities&nbsp;</li>
<li>Build and nurture effective working partnerships within your Okta ecosystem (xDRs, Partners, Presales, Customer First, etc)&nbsp;</li>
<li>Adopt a strong value based sales approach, always looking to bring a compelling point of view to each customer</li>
<li>Travel as necessary to build and cultivate customer and prospect relationships</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>What you’ll bring to the role:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><em>12 </em>+ years success in growing revenue for sophisticated, complex enterprise SaaS products</li>
<li>Ability to evangelize, educate and create demand with C-level decision makers</li>
<li>Ability to navigate complex sales cycles with multiple stakeholders from both the customer base and within the internal ecosystem&nbsp;</li>
<li>Proven success selling into C-suite and building partnership and buy-in with multiple stakeholders</li>
<li>Significant experience selling in partnership with GSI’s &amp; the wider partner ecosystem</li>
<li>Excellent communication and presentation skills with audiences of all levels and all technical aptitudes</li>
<li>Confident and self driven with the humility required to successfully work in teams</li>
<li>Expertise using a Sales Framework such as MEDDICC, Challenger or Sandler (we use MEDDPICC)</li>
<li><em>This role requires in-person onboarding and travel to our San Francisco, CA HQ office during the first week of employment</em></li>
</ul>
<p>#LI-Remote</p>
<p>P5202</p><div class="content-pay-transparency"><div class="pay-input"><div class="description"><p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Below is the annual On Target Compensation (OTE) range for candidates located in California (excluding San Francisco Bay Area), Colorado, Illinois, New York and Washington. Your actual OTE, which is inclusive of base salary and incentive compensation, will depend on factors such as your skills, qualifications, experience, and work location. In addition, Okta offers equity (where applicable) and benefits, including health, dental and vision insurance, 401(k), flexible spending account, and paid leave (including PTO and parental leave) in accordance with our applicable plans and policies. To learn more about our Total Rewards program please visit:&nbsp;</span><a href="https://rewards.okta.com/us"><span style="font-weight: 400;">https://rewards.okta.com/us</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">.&nbsp;<br></span></p></div><div class="title">The annual OTE range for this position for candidates located in California (excluding San Francisco Bay Area), Colorado, Illinois, New York, and Washington is between:</div><div class="pay-range"><span>$308,000</span><span class="divider">&mdash;</span><span>$423,500 USD</span></div></div></div><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong><br>The Okta Experience</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><a href="http://rewards.okta.com">Supporting Your Well-Being</a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="https://www.okta.com/company/okta-for-good/">Driving Social Impact&nbsp;</a></li>
<li><a href="https://www.okta.com/company/talent-connection-community/">Developing Talent and Fostering Connection + Community</a></li>
</ul>
<p>We are intentional about connection. Our global community, spanning over 20 offices worldwide, is united by a drive to innovate. Your journey begins with an immersive, in-person onboarding experience designed to accelerate your impact and connect you to our mission and team from day one.<br><br>Okta is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, marital status, age, physical or mental disability, or status as a protected veteran. We also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and convictions records, consistent with applicable laws.<br><br>If reasonable accommodation is needed to complete any part of the job application, interview process, or onboarding please&nbsp;<a href="https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1EfiEYZrIyhA2X4Fijk0R3RKYOzNoS3wtvyM4nhbZnXE/edit">use this Form</a> to request an accommodation.<br><br>Notice for New York City Applicants &amp; Employees: Okta may use Automated Employment Decision Tools (AEDT), as defined by New York City Local Law 144, that use artificial intelligence, machine learning, or other automated processes to assist in our recruitment and hiring process. In accordance with NYC Local Law 144, if you are an applicant or employee residing in New York City, please&nbsp;<a href="https://talent.okta.com/new-york-city-aedt-notice.html">click here</a> to view our full NYC AEDT Notice.<br><br>Okta is committed to complying with applicable data privacy and security laws and regulations. For more information, please see our Personnel and Job Candidate Privacy Notice at&nbsp;<a href="https://www.okta.com/legal/personnel-policy/">https://www.okta.com/legal/personnel-policy/</a>.</p></div>