<div class="content-intro"><h3>About ClickHouse</h3>
<p>Recognized on the 2025 Forbes Cloud 100 list, ClickHouse is one of the most innovative and fast-growing private cloud companies. With more than 3,000 customers and ARR that has grown over 250 percent year over year, ClickHouse leads the market in real-time analytics, data warehousing, observability, and AI workloads.</p>
<p>The company’s sustained, accelerating momentum was recently validated by a $400M Series D financing round. Over the past three months, customers including Capital One, Lovable, Decagon, Polymarket, and Airwallex have adopted the platform or expanded existing deployments. These customers join an established base of AI innovators and global brands such as Meta, Cursor, Sony, and Tesla.</p>
<p>We’re on a mission to transform how companies use data. Come be a part of our journey!</p></div><p>The Learning Team at ClickHouse is growing fast as more and more users discover the power of ClickHouse and need to understand how to use it effectively. As a member of a small team, you will have the opportunity to work on many different projects involving the development and delivery of training content. We deliver training in many formats, including: on-demand at ClickHouse Academy; live online training via Zoom; in-person training for customers; and training at community events and conferences. We also have a credential and certification program to complement our training courses and recognize those individuals who are ClickHouse subject matter experts.</p>
<p><strong>What you will be doing:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Developing ClickHouse training courses for both on-demand and instructor-led delivery, including slides, videos, and hands-on labs</li>
<li>Designing new training courses for various personas and users of ClickHouse, including working with the Engineering and Product team to determine the necessary course content&nbsp;</li>
<li>Working with other Curriculum Developers to produce high quality on-demand training content for the ClickHouse Academy</li>
<li>Teaching ClickHouse courses both virtually and in person for public and private deliveries</li>
<li>Helping write and deploy quizzes and certification exams for ClickHouse credentials and certifications</li>
<li>Establishing a community presence using popular social media outlets, as well as delivering training and talks at conferences</li>
<li>Traveling to Meetups, conferences, and customer sites to deliver training and promote ClickHouse to the community</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Requirements:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Located in the EMEA region</li>
<li>Ability to travel regionally throughout EMEA</li>
<li>A self-motivated attitude that provides you with the desire and determination to complete projects in a fast-paced startup environment</li>
<li>Ability to learn new technologies quickly and effectively</li>
<li>Proven experience developing curriculum for a highly technical audience, like software engineers and database developers</li>
<li>Proven experience and ability to teach audiences of all different sizes and backgrounds</li>
<li>Experience with SQL</li>
<li>Excellent communication skills</li>
<li>Technical breadth and depth in relevant subjects such as DBMS, OLAP, Cloud/SaaS platforms, distributed systems software engineering, and big data</li>
<li>You have a high level of responsibility, ownership, and accountability</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Bonus points:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>5+ years of experience with curriculum development for databases and/or distributed systems</li>
<li>Strong knowledge of building machine learning applications and/or GenAI</li>
<li>Strong knowledge of database internals and deploying them at scale</li>
<li>Experience with ClickHouse database</li>
<li>Experience with one or more Cloud Service Providers such as AWS, GCP, Azure</li>
<li>Experience building software certification exams</li>
<li>Ability to work cross-functionally amongst engineering, support, product and development teams</li>
<li>Technical degree (e.g. Computer Science or related field)</li>
</ul>
<h4><strong>You'll love this role if:</strong></h4>
<ul>
<li>You have excellent communication skills and thrive in a customer-facing role, collaborating closely with Engineering, Marketing, and Sales teams.</li>
<li>You are self-driven, curious, and eager to continuously learn and grow.</li>
<li>You possess a mindset of teamwork, global engagement, empathy, and a drive for solving challenging problems.</li>
<li>You have a sense of adventure and urgency in building the most scalable, highest performing, largest, and fastest databases in the world.</li>
</ul>
<p>#LI-Remote</p><div class="content-conclusion"><h3><strong>Compensation</strong></h3>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">For roles based in the&nbsp;<strong>United States</strong>, t</span>he typical starting salary range for this position is listed above. In certain locations, such as the San Francisco Bay Area and the New York City Metro Area, a premium market range may apply, as listed.</p>
<p class="p1">These salary ranges reflect what we reasonably and in good faith believe to be the minimum and maximum pay for this role at the time of posting. The actual compensation may be higher or lower than the amounts listed, and the ranges may be subject to future adjustments.</p>
<p class="p1">An individual’s placement within the range will depend on various factors, including (but not limited to) education, qualifications, certifications, experience, skills, location, performance, and the needs of the business or organization.</p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">If you have any questions or comments about compensation as a candidate, please get in touch with us at&nbsp;<a href="mailto:paytransparency@clickhouse.com">paytransparency@clickhouse.com</a>.</span></p>
<h3><strong>Perks</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><strong>Flexible work environment</strong><span style="font-weight: 400;"> - ClickHouse is a globally distributed company and remote-friendly. We currently operate in over 20 countries.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><strong>Healthcare</strong><span style="font-weight: 400;"> - Employer contributions towards your healthcare.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><strong>Equity in the company</strong><span style="font-weight: 400;"> - Every new team member who joins our company receives stock options.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><strong>Time off</strong><span style="font-weight: 400;"> - Flexible time off in the US, generous entitlement in other countries.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><strong>A $500 Home office setup </strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">if you’re a remote employee.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><strong>Global Gatherings </strong>– We believe in the power of in-person connection and offer opportunities to engage with colleagues at company-wide offsites.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Culture - We All Shape It</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">As part of a rapidly scaling start up, you will be instrumental in shaping our culture.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Are you interested in finding out more about our culture? &nbsp;Learn more about our values <a href="https://clickhouse.com/company/careers">here</a>.&nbsp; Check out our<a href="https://clickhouse.com/blog"> blog posts</a> or follow us on <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/company/clickhouseinc/life/0c1ee7f4-2129-488d-b413-e7f6270659fd/?viewAsMember=true">LinkedIn</a> to find out more about what’s happening at ClickHouse.</span></p>
<p><strong>Equal Opportunity &amp; Privacy&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>ClickHouse provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any type based on factors such as race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws.&nbsp;</p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Please see&nbsp;<a href="https://clickhouse.com/legal/applicant-privacy-notice" target="\_blank" data-saferedirecturl="https://www.google.com/url?q=https://www.elastic.co/legal/applicant-privacy-statement&amp;source=gmail&amp;ust=1611068262479000&amp;usg=AFQjCNG3orAPk5sJIr9WVm0ZDxYw82c5DA">here</a>&nbsp;for our Privacy Statement.</span></p></div>