<p>Canonical is a leading provider of open source software and operating systems to the global enterprise and technology markets. Our platform, Ubuntu, is very widely used in breakthrough enterprise initiatives such as public cloud, data science, AI, engineering innovation and IoT. Our customers include the world's leading public cloud and silicon providers, and industry leaders in many sectors. We are also a pioneer of global distributed collaboration, with 1000+ colleagues in 70+ countries and very few roles based in offices. Teams meet two to four times yearly in person, in interesting locations around the world, to align on strategy and execution.</p>
<p><strong>The role of a Treasury Analyst at Canonical</strong></p>
<p>As a Treasury Analyst, you will be a key team member of the Finance team ensuring that Canonical’s global liquidity and cash movements are managed and controlled in a manner consistent with our Treasury Policy. You will support the execution of approved cash management including international intercompany funding, multi-currency transactions and FX strategies while managing the financial risks associated with global operations.&nbsp;</p>
<p>You will partner closely with Group Accounting , FP&amp;A and other stakeholders to monitor forecasted cash needs, funding requirements and operational drivers. You will also contribute to treasury reporting and analysis for senior leadership, supporting decision-making with clear insights and recommendations.</p>
<p><strong>Location: </strong>This is a Globally remote role.</p>
<p><strong>What your day will look like</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Maintain controls over group cash, banking and investment activities, ensuring strong governance and policy compliance</li>
<li>Execute and track treasury operations (e.g., funding movements, payments, account activity)</li>
<li>Monitor liquidity and working capital needs, helping optimise cash utilisation while maintaining required buffers</li>
<li>Support the company’s FX risk strategy by monitoring exposures and executing approved FX activity</li>
<li>Serve as the primary point of contact for banking counterparties, overseeing the company’s banking set-up, account governance and ongoing relationship management</li>
<li>Produce regular treasury reporting and ad-hoc analysis for senior management, highlighting key movements, risks, and recommendations</li>
<li>Contribute to continuous improvement of Treasury Policy, controls, and operational processes</li>
<li>Develop and maintain detailed rolling cash flow forecasts at subsidiary and consolidated levels to optimize liquidity</li>
<li>Formulate and execute approved investment strategies for surplus cash, balancing security, liquidity and yield in line with Canonical’s Treasury Policy</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>What we are looking for in you</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>&nbsp;Highest ethical standards, integrity, authenticity, credibility, and character</li>
<li>&nbsp;Experience in managing funds in 20+ currencies, across multiple corporate entities</li>
<li>&nbsp;CTP, CFA, or equivalent certification in Treasury or Analysis</li>
<li>&nbsp;Proficiency in spreadsheets and financial modeling</li>
<li>&nbsp;Experience with enterprise level financial management software, such as NetSuite.&nbsp;</li>
<li>&nbsp;Exceptional financial and mathematical abilities</li>
<li>&nbsp;Excellent communication and presentation skills&nbsp;</li>
<li>&nbsp;An exceptional academic track record from both high school and preferably university</li>
<li>&nbsp;Willingness to travel up to 4 times a year for internal events</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Additional skills that you might also bring</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>&nbsp;MBA or equivalent combination of professional experience and certifications</li>
<li>&nbsp;Experience with Business Intelligence reporting, CRM, and ERP systems</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>What we offer you</strong></p>
<p>We consider geographical location, experience, and performance in shaping compensation worldwide. We revisit compensation annually (and more often for graduates and associates) to ensure we recognise outstanding performance. In addition to base pay, we offer a performance-driven annual bonus. We provide all team members with additional benefits, which reflect our values and ideals. We balance our programs to meet local needs and ensure fairness globally.</p>
<ul>
<li>Distributed work environment with twice-yearly team sprints in person - we’ve been working remotely since 2004!</li>
<li>Personal learning and development budget of USD 2,000 per year</li>
<li>Annual compensation review</li>
<li>Recognition rewards</li>
<li>Annual holiday leave</li>
<li>Maternity and paternity leave</li>
<li>Employee Assistance Programme</li>
<li>Opportunity to travel to new locations to meet colleagues from your team and others</li>
<li>Priority Pass for travel and travel upgrades for long haul company events</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>About Canonical</strong></p>
<p>Canonical is a pioneering tech firm that is at the forefront of the global move to open source. As the company that publishes Ubuntu, one of the most important open source projects and the platform for AI, IoT and the cloud, we are changing the world on a daily basis. We recruit on a global basis and set a very high standard for people joining the company. We expect excellence - in order to succeed, we need to be the best at what we do.</p>
<p>Canonical has been a remote-first company since its inception in 2004.​ Work at Canonical is a step into the future, and will challenge you to think differently, work smarter, learn new skills, and raise your game. Canonical provides a unique window into the world of 21st-century digital business.</p>
<h2><strong>Canonical is an equal opportunity employer</strong></h2>
<p>We are proud to foster a workplace free from discrimination. Diversity of experience, perspectives, and background create a better work environment and better products.<a href="https://canonical.com/careers/diversity/identity"> Whatever your identity, we will give your application fair consideration.</a></p>
<p>#LI-remote</p>