Metabase is the easiest way for people to get insights from their data, from tiny startups who get up and running quickly to major corporations with tens of thousands of users. That's why people [love us](https://www.metabase.com/love).

We bring data tools with the elegance and simplicity of consumer products to the crufty world of enterprise business intelligence. We provide an opinionated open source starting point for how companies should measure, analyze and share their data, which is used by tens of thousands of companies.

Metabase is looking for a customer-focused, highly technical **Success Engineer** to join our growing global team. We are looking for someone who loves data, enjoys helping others, and is excited to work for a startup to help our customers get the most out of Metabase.

Our customers are software engineers, data engineers, and data analysts, and they appreciate getting help and advice from experts just like them.

## What you’ll do

- Talk to our users to understand their goals and challenges
- Help customers design and optimize their Metabase implementation
- Guide customers how to get data from all the various places it lives, transform it into useful shapes, and convert their questions into actual queries that can be executed.
- Solve complex problems and troubleshoot customer issues
- Collaborate with our technical communicators to create educational materials for our customers
- Serve as the voice of the customer to our product and engineering teams and help drive product development

## About you

- Enjoy helping people and solving their problems
- Strong technical background with 3+ years of experience writing production code, administering systems, and/or managing databases
- Strong database and SQL skills

An expert in at least two:

- Designing and developing web applications.
- Managing infrastructure (Docker, AWS/GCP/etc, or similar)
- Managing databases

## Nice to have

- Experience with Metabase or other BI tools
- Experience working for an open source product
- Fluency in multiple languages (this is helpful as our users are worldwide)

## Why join us?

- We operate as a fully remote, async team. Work where and when you’re most productive - we trust you to get your work done. Meetings are rare, efficient, and your time is respected.
- Every week brings new complex challenges and opportunities to learn.  If you thrive on solving complex problems and enjoy continuous learning, you'll find this role exciting and engaging.
- You’ll contribute to a tool that empowers users to unlock insights in their data without relying on a data team.

Here’s some quotes from real customers about working with Success Engineering:

*“The Metabase Success Engineering team is amazing! Outlier in the industry, IMO”*

*“Tony really took the time to understand our issue and explain things with the perfect level of detail. Just brilliant”*

*“Incredible help as always from Luis. Not joking, he’s the best contact we have out of all of the vendors I’ve communicated with. Understanding, courteous and resourceful!”*

*“LeAnn clearly went above and beyond on a bit of an esoteric issue I ran into while casting dates and trying to join questions. We confirmed it was a bug, and I'm hopeful the team will respond quickly to this issue, but I have an exceptionally good interaction with LeAnn and really appreciated her expertise with the product.”*

*“It was awesome: Zoltan suggested a solution I hadn't asked for, or had even expected. And he quickly fixed the issue for me.”*

We're a global team (50% outside the US), fully distributed (from Thailand to California), who get things done asynchronously, with plenty of uninterrupted time, supporting each other to do the best work of our careers. We offer flexibility (define your own schedule and work from wherever you want), autonomy, and an environment that fosters growth, learning, and development. We're relentlessly user-focused and believe in building long-term value, not short-term hacks. And we raised a $30M Series B to take our approach to the next level for years to come.

For U.S. applicants: Metabase participates in the federal E-Verify program, which confirms employment authorization of newly hired U.S. based employees. E-Verify is not used as a tool to pre-screen candidates and is only initiated upon hire.

[E-Verify Participation Notice](https://www.e-verify.gov/sites/default/files/everify/posters/EVerifyParticipationPoster.pdf) (English/Spanish)

[Right to Work Notice](https://www.e-verify.gov/sites/default/files/everify/posters/IER_RightToWorkPoster%20Eng_Es.pdf) (English/Spanish)