<div class="content-intro"><p><strong data-stringify-type="bold">Why work at Nebius<br></strong>Nebius is leading a new era in cloud computing to serve the global AI economy. We create the tools and resources our customers need to solve real-world challenges and transform industries, without massive infrastructure costs or the need to build large in-house AI/ML teams. Our employees work at the cutting edge of AI cloud infrastructure alongside some of the most experienced and innovative leaders and engineers in the field.</p>
<p><strong>Where we work<br></strong>Headquartered in Amsterdam and listed on Nasdaq, Nebius has a global footprint with R&amp;D hubs across Europe, North America, and Israel. The team of over 1400 employees includes more than 400 highly skilled engineers with deep expertise across hardware and software engineering, as well as an in-house AI R&amp;D team.</p></div><h3><strong><span data-contrast="auto">The role</span></strong><span data-ccp-props="{}">&nbsp;</span></h3>
<p><span data-ccp-props="{}">Nebius is looking for candidates to strengthen its datacenter facilities engineering team. You will work, individually and in collaboration, with internal business partners (Technical Project managers, Data Center IT, IT Procurement, Network Engineering) and with external vendors to validate and test installation &amp; operation performance of data center mechanical systems.&nbsp;<br><br>This role requires a flexible, pro-active mindset with attention for details and good communication&nbsp;skills, and a willingness to travel.</span></p>
<p><span data-ccp-props="{&quot;335559685&quot;:720,&quot;335559991&quot;:360}">You’re welcome to work in our office in <strong>Amsterdam, hybrid or remotely.</strong></span></p>
<p><strong><span data-ccp-props="{&quot;335559685&quot;:720,&quot;335559991&quot;:360}"><span class="TextRun MacChromeBold SCXW95146830 BCX0" lang="EN-US" data-contrast="auto"><span class="NormalTextRun SCXW95146830 BCX0" data-ccp-charstyle="Strong">Your responsibilities will include:</span></span><span class="EOP SCXW95146830 BCX0" data-ccp-props="{&quot;134233117&quot;:true,&quot;134233118&quot;:true}">&nbsp;</span></span></strong></p>
<ul class="p-rich\_text\_list p-rich\_text\_list\_\_bullet p-rich\_text\_list--nested" data-stringify-type="unordered-list" data-list-tree="true" data-indent="0" data-border="0">
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">Plan and implement cost-effective and reliant mechanical designs and distribution systems</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">Work with internal business partners like Technical Project Management, Data Center IT, IT Procurement, Network Engineering, and with external vendors to validate and test installation &amp; operation performance of data center mechanical systems</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">Create designs which meet and exceed Nebius’s quality benchmarks within our budget capacity</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">Seek new designs and amalgamate new technologies within Nebius AI’s data center planning and infrastructure</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">Identify and document list of electrical equipment and components required during the build/installation phase</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">Work on multiple projects in different locations, and visit the construction sites to oversee the work of external vendors and contractors</li>
</ul>
<p><strong><span data-contrast="auto"><span data-ccp-charstyle="Strong">We expect you to have:</span></span><span data-ccp-props="{&quot;134233117&quot;:true,&quot;134233118&quot;:true}">&nbsp;</span></strong></p>
<ul>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">Minimum Bachelor’s degree in building services engineering or mechanical engineering, or 10+ years of relevant mechanical engineering experience in mission critical facilities environment including but not limited to: data centers, power generation and oil/gas facilities</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">7+ years of experience in creating mechanical design documentation for construction</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">7+ years of experience in commercial and/or Industrial Mechanical design</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">In-depth knowledge of data centre design, BMS &amp; HVAC design and related product development</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">In-depth knowledge and understanding of data centre mechanical systems, chillers air-cooled &amp; water-cooled, pumps, cooling towers, heat exchangers, CRAHs/CRAC, fans, air economizers, water treatment etc.</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">Good understanding of electrical equipment and system designs related to data centers</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">Good data analysis skills</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">Excellent communication skills, attention to detail and ability to maintain high quality standards</li>
</ul>
<p><strong><span data-contrast="auto"><span data-ccp-charstyle="Strong">It will be </span><span data-ccp-charstyle="Strong">an added bonus</span><span data-ccp-charstyle="Strong"> if you have:</span></span><span data-ccp-props="{&quot;134233117&quot;:true,&quot;134233118&quot;:true}">&nbsp;</span></strong></p>
<p>Required qualification + one or two certifications like:</p>
<ul>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">CDCE (Certified Data Centre Expert or Equivalent Highest Certification)</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">CDCS (Certified Data Centre Specialist or Equivalent Intermediate Certification)</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">CDCP (Certified Data Centre Professional or Equivalent Basic Certification)</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">CDCDP (Certified Data Centre Design Professional or Equivalent)</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">DCIE (Data Centre Infrastructure Expert or Equivalent)</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>What we offer</strong>&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>Competitive salary and comprehensive benefits package.</li>
<li>Opportunities for professional growth within Nebius.</li>
<li>Flexible working arrangements.</li>
<li>A dynamic and collaborative work environment that values initiative and innovation.</li>
</ul>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">We’re growing and expanding our products every day. If you’re up to the challenge and are excited about AI and ML as much as we are, join us!</span></p></div>