<div class="p-rich\_text\_section">
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section">
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section">
<p>At Veriff, we verify identities at scale, helping businesses connect with honest people online. Our software verifies over 10,000 government-issued documents from more than 190 countries, and this is growing fast! These are millions of verified identities a year and countless people working behind the scenes to help make the lives of millions—and eventually billions—of people safer online. We are a force for good, and we want to be the standard for trust online.</p>
<p>As a Senior Software Engineer, you will do more than write code—you will help architect scalable systems, mentor engineers, and drive business impact. We are looking for problem solvers like you to ensure this happens.<br><br>The Platform Area supports cross-domain business needs and processes through a common platform infrastructure. The development and evolution of the Veriff Platform are critical to our success. Our platform allows us to quickly adapt our technology to meet the rapidly evolving identity verification market needs and the strong appetite of our teams and customers to use innovative solutions to identify their customers and keep their communities safe. The Veriff platform is a technical area with lots of business and scalability challenges that are key to Veriff’s continuous success.</p>
</div>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section">
<p data-renderer-start-pos="1682"><strong data-stringify-type="bold">You’ll help us protect honest people online by:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Build &amp; Scale: Design high-performance, maintainable, and secure systems that handle millions of verifications.</li>
<li>Lead &amp; Mentor: Set the bar for technical excellence, sharing knowledge and guiding engineers.</li>
<li>Innovate &amp; Optimize: Improve automation, scalability, and reliability.</li>
<li>Own &amp; Deliver: Take responsibility for end-to-end development in collaboration with product and design.</li>
<li>Solve with a Holistic Mindset: Apply curiosity, adaptability, and multi-skill problem-solving to technical challenges.</li>
</ul>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="1682"><strong data-stringify-type="bold">You are the right future Veriffian for the job if you have:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Over 5 years of experience building large-scale applications</li>
<li>Long-term experience in NodeJS using TypeScript</li>
<li>Ownership experience of a specific component, feature, or system</li>
<li>A proven track record in developing, debugging, and shipping software products on large code bases</li>
<li>A Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or a relevant technical field</li>
<li>The ability to inspire growth within teams by setting new standards</li>
</ul>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="1848">If you're passionate about coding, problem-solving, and contributing to Veriff's mission, we want to hear from you! Be part of a team that values innovation, collaboration, and excellence.</p>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="1682"><strong>Elements of Our Tech Stack</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Backend: Node.js (TypeScript), Python, Golang</li>
<li>Frontend: React (TypeScript)</li>
<li>Mobile: Kotlin (Android), Swift (iOS), Dart (Flutter), TypeScript (React Native)</li>
<li>Infrastructure: AWS, Kubernetes, Terraform</li>
<li data-renderer-start-pos="1682">Data &amp; ML: PostgreSQL, RabbitMQ, Python-based ML models</li>
</ul>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section"><strong data-stringify-type="bold">Why Veriff?</strong></div>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section">&nbsp;</div>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section">
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section">We are the preferred identity verification platform partner for the world’s most innovative growth-driven organizations helping conveniently verify and safeguard users anywhere in the world. We support the broadest number of identity documents from nearly every country and territory in the world - and this is continually increasing! With a diverse team in the United States, United Kingdom, Spain, and Estonia, as well as robust backing and funding from investors including Accel, Alkeon, IVP, Tiger Capital, and Y Combinator, we’re dedicated to helping businesses and individuals build a safer and more secure world. We strive to be the benchmark for trust online, and we take pride in being a positive force.&nbsp;</div>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section">&nbsp;</div>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section">When you join Team Veriff, we offer you the opportunity to have a real impact and advance your career, while looking after you along the way with a range of benefits designed with you in mind. Some of our favorites include...</div>
<ul class="p-rich\_text\_list p-rich\_text\_list\_\_bullet" data-stringify-type="unordered-list" data-indent="0" data-border="0">
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">Flexibility to work from home</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">Stock options that ensure your share in our success</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">Extra recharge days on top of your annual vacation</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">Comprehensive relocation support to Estonia or Spain</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">Extensive medical, dental, and vision insurance to ensure you’re feeling great physically and mentally</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">Learning and Development &amp; Health and Sports budget that you are free to tailor to your own needs</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">Four weeks of fully paid sabbatical leave after reaching your 5th work anniversary&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section"><em data-stringify-type="italic">We are an Equal Opportunities employer committed to a diverse and representative team. Different opinions, perspectives and personalities push us forward. We want to hear from people who are passionate about their work and align with our values. Regardless of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status or disability. We also know the confidence gap and imposter syndrome can get in the way of meeting spectacular candidates - so rest assured, whoever you are, we want to hear from you!</em><span class="c-message\_\_edited\_label" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">&nbsp;</span></div>
</div>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section">&nbsp;</div>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section">Please be informed that in the final stage of the recruitment process we may request you to go through identity verification. For more information, please see&nbsp;<a class="c-link" href="https://www.veriff.com/recruitment-privacy-policy" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://www.veriff.com/recruitment-privacy-policy" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">Recruitment Privacy Policy</a>.</div>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section"><span style="color: rgb(255, 255, 255);"><br>#LI-FS1#SPB1SPNTAL #LI-Remote</span></div>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section">&nbsp;</div>