<p>
  <strong>Headquarters:</strong> Remote, USA
</p>

<div class="job__description body"><div><p>Omada Health is on a mission to inspire and engage people in lifelong health, one step at a time.&nbsp;</p><br><p><strong>Job overview:</strong></p><br><p>Omada is at the forefront of virtual-first care, specializing in weight health, diabetes, hypertension, and musculoskeletal issues. We are seeking a Senior Product Manager for Member and Care Team Experiences with a strong healthcare background to build medication prescribing capabilities that meet the needs of our members and buyers.&nbsp;</p><br><p>As a key member of the cross-functional team dedicated to advancing Omada’s GLP-1 market leadership, you will immerse yourself in understanding member and buyer pain points, the trajectory of the GLP-1 market and its implications for Omada, and take strategic risks to bring new products to market quickly.&nbsp;</p><br><p>You will partner closely with clinical, engineering, design, and product marketing to identify the biggest opportunities to drive healthy behavior change alongside medication adherence, and you’ll set aggressive targets by which to measure the impact of your work. You will use AI and machine learning to deliver experiences that intuitively adapt to individual contexts and barriers, guiding members toward achieving their health goals.&nbsp;</p><br><p>As you work to unlock value for members at various stages in their health journeys, you will articulate the vision, chart a strategic path forward, and set measurable milestones. You will pinpoint opportunities for improvement, test and learn quickly, and deliver impact at scale.</p><br><p><strong>About you:</strong></p><br><ul><br><li>5+ years of product management experience</li><br><li>10+ years of a combination of market and/or product strategy, product management, general management, software development, consulting, product or business operations&nbsp;</li><br><li>Prior experience in consumer-grade telehealth or health tech</li><br><li>Bachelor's degree or equivalent industry experience&nbsp;</li><br><li>Passionate about creating seamless, delightful user experiences and leveraging AI/ML to enhance engagement dynamics</li><br><li>Excellent organizational and analytical skills with strong technical understanding</li><br><li>Track record of delivering results against target metrics with solutions that balance user needs, business goals, and clinical guidance</li><br><li>At home in ambiguous or green field opportunity spaces, with a history of successfully bringing 0-1 products to market</li><br><li>Adept at solving problems with limited resources, and proactively advocating for whatever it is you need to succeed</li><br><li>Strong writer and clear communicator</li><br><li>Collaborative, and able to drive alignment in a group of stakeholders</li><br><li>Driven by first principles thinking, you are a great listener and ask thoughtful questions&nbsp;</li><br><li>Experience with user-centered design practices and methodologies</li><br><li>Analytical and inquisitive, comfortable using data and user research to drill into the heart of a challenge and identify innovative solutions</li><br><li>Proficient in A/B testing, experimentation design, and related methodologies</li><br></ul><br><p><strong>Your impact:</strong></p><br><p>In this role, you’ll immerse yourself in factors influencing members’ motivation to change to evolve how they learn, build habits, and engage with Omada’s tools and care teams on the path to better health. You will:&nbsp;</p><br><ul><br><li>Create and deliver on an ambitious roadmap for Omada’s GLP-1 prescribing program that is differentiated in the market and exceeds performance targets for member satisfaction, engagement, and clinical outcomes</li><br><li>Partner closely with care team and member operations to balance interdependent business metrics</li><br><li>Cultivate an innovative environment that challenges<strong> </strong>your cross-functional peers to think in new ways</li><br><li>Establish best practices for proactively tracking progress against corporate and team objectives</li><br></ul><br><p><strong>Benefits:</strong></p><br><ul><br><li>Competitive salary with generous annual cash bonus</li><br><li>Equity grants</li><br><li>Remote first work from home culture</li><br><li>Flexible Time Off to help you rest, recharge, and connect with loved ones</li><br><li>Generous parental leave</li><br><li>Health, dental, and vision insurance (and above market employer contributions)</li><br><li>401k retirement savings plan</li><br><li>Lifestyle Spending Account (LSA)</li><br><li>Mental Health support solutions</li><br><li>...and more!</li><br></ul><br><p>It takes a village to change health care. As we build together toward our mission, we strive to embody the following values in our day-to-day work. We hope these hold meaning for you as well as you consider Omada!</p><br><ul><br><li><strong>Cultivate Trust.</strong> We listen closely and we operate with kindness. We provide respectful and candid feedback to each other.</li><br><li><strong>Seek Context. </strong>We ask to understand and we build connections. We do our research up front to move faster down the road.</li><br><li><strong>Act Boldly.</strong> We innovate daily to solve problems, improve processes, and find new opportunities for our members and customers.</li><br><li><strong>Deliver Results. </strong>We reward impact above output. We set a high bar, we’re not afraid to fail, and we take pride in our work.</li><br><li><strong>Succeed Together. </strong>We prioritize Omada’s progress above team or individual. We have fun as we get stuff done, and we celebrate together.&nbsp;</li><br><li><strong>Remember Why We’re Here.</strong> We push through the challenges of changing health care because we know the destination is worth it.</li><br></ul><br><p><strong>About Omada Health:</strong> <a href="http://omadahealth.com/">Omada Health</a> is a between-visit healthcare provider that addresses lifestyle and behavior change elements for individuals managing chronic conditions. Omada’s multi-condition platform treats diabetes, hypertension, prediabetes, musculoskeletal, and GLP-1 management. With insights from connected devices and AI-supported tools, Omada care teams deliver care that is rooted in evidence and unique to every member, unlocking results at scale. With more than a decade of experience and data, and 29 peer-reviewed publications showcasing clinical and economic proof points, Omada’s approach is designed to improve health outcomes and contain costs. Our customers include health plans, pharmacy benefit managers, health systems, and employers ranging from small businesses to Fortune 500s. At Omada, we aim to inspire and empower people to make lasting health changes on their own terms. For more information, visit: <a href="https://www.omadahealth.com/">https://www.omadahealth.com/</a></p><br><p>Omada is thrilled to share that we’ve been certified as a Great Place to Work! Please <a href="https://www.greatplacetowork.com/certified-company/7022924">click here</a> for more information.</p><br><p>We carefully hire the best talent we can find, which means actively seeking diversity of beliefs, backgrounds, education, and ways of thinking. We strive to build an inclusive culture where differences are celebrated and leveraged to inform better design and business decisions. Omada is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal opportunity regardless of race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, legally protected medical condition, family care status, military or veteran status, marital status, domestic partner status, sexual orientation, or any other basis protected by local, state, or federal laws.</p><br><p>Below is a summary of salary ranges for this role in the following geographies:</p><br><p>California, New York State and Washington State Base Compensation Ranges: $174,800 - $218,500*, Colorado Base Compensation Ranges: $167,200 - $209,000*. Other states may vary.</p><br><p>This role is also eligible for participation in annual cash bonus and equity grants.&nbsp;</p><br><p>*The actual offer, including the compensation package, is determined based on multiple factors, such as the candidate's skills and experience, and other business considerations.</p><br><p>Please&nbsp;<a href="https://www.omadahealth.com/applicant-specific-notice">click here </a>for more information on our Candidate Privacy Notice.</p></div></div>

<p><strong>To apply:</strong> <a href="https://weworkremotely.com/remote-jobs/omada-health-senior-product-manager">https://weworkremotely.com/remote-jobs/omada-health-senior-product-manager</a></p>