<p>MongoDB seeks a highly motivated individual to join our Global Deal Strategy function. This position will play a key role in enabling large, strategic opportunities to provide critical support to the Global Sales organization. In collaboration with our Sr. Director, you will help drive efficiencies, profitability, and stronger controls. This is a tremendous opportunity for someone who enjoys the challenge of working and leading an outstanding team in a high-growth environment and is steadfast in their pursuit of excellence.</p>
<p>We are looking to speak to candidates who are based in Dublin for our hybrid working model.</p>
<h3>Responsibilities</h3>
<ul>
<li>Be a critical member of the Global Team, acting as a key enabler for non-standard and complex deals, with a focus on engineering sophisticated deals to add business value</li>
<li>Optimising deal cycle times, improving revenue, margin, and market share in line with business priorities</li>
<li>Driving cross-functional and cross-solution collaboration, ensuring adherence to operational guidelines and revenue recognition requirements</li>
<li>Be curious and creative when considering sales cycle and quote-to-cash timelines, with a view to improving these processes</li>
<li>Embrace a continuous improvement mindset, focusing on processes and technology to enhance productivity and efficiency, and deploying Ai solutions at scale</li>
</ul>
<h3>Requirements</h3>
<ul>
<li>8+ years software industry experience (Deal Strategy/ Deal Desk/ Finance/ Sales Operations experience)</li>
<li>2+ years experience in people management and enjoys all aspects of people management (a player-coach mindset)</li>
<li>Enjoys working with Sales and other Business Partners (collaborative and solution-oriented)</li>
<li>Excellent eye for business and shown ability in commercial negotiations</li>
<li>Degree in Business or Finance and/or MBA</li>
<li>Some experience in software revenue recognition principles and have worked closely with finance/revenue teams.</li>
<li>Excellent verbal and written communication skills</li>
<li>Strong analytical skills along with the ability to demonstrate practical judgment in sophisticated situations</li>
<li>Great partnership &amp; teamwork skills</li>
<li>Good knowledge of MS Excel &amp; Salesforce</li>
</ul>
<h3>About MongoDB</h3>
<p>MongoDB is built for change, empowering our customers and our people to innovate at the speed of the market. We have redefined the database for the AI era, enabling innovators to create, transform, and disrupt industries with software. MongoDB’s unified database platform, the most widely available, globally distributed database on the market, helps organizations modernize legacy workloads, embrace innovation, and unleash AI. Our cloud-native platform, MongoDB Atlas, is the only globally distributed, multi-cloud database and is available across AWS, Google Cloud, and Microsoft Azure.</p>
<p>With offices worldwide and over 60,000 customers, including 75% of the Fortune 100 and AI-native startups, relying on MongoDB for their most important applications, we’re powering the next era of software.</p>
<p>Our compass at MongoDB is our <a href="https://www.mongodb.com/company">Leadership Commitment,</a> guiding how and why we make decisions, show up for each other, and win. It’s what makes us MongoDB.&nbsp;</p>
<p>To drive the personal growth and business impact of our employees, we’re committed to developing a supportive and enriching culture for everyone. <a href="https://www.mongodb.com/company/blog/culture/employee-benefits-that-make-a-difference-at-mongodb">From employee affinity groups, to fertility assistance and a generous parental leave policy</a>, we value our employees’ wellbeing and want to support them along every step of their professional and personal journeys.<a href="https://www.mongodb.com/blog/channel/culture"> Learn more about what it’s like to work at MongoDB</a>, and help us make an impact on the world!</p>
<p>MongoDB is committed to providing any necessary accommodations for individuals with disabilities within our application and interview process. To request an accommodation due to a disability, please inform your recruiter.</p>
<p>MongoDB is an equal opportunities employer.</p>
<p>Req ID: 1273416007</p>