<div class="content-intro"><p>Fastly helps people stay better connected with the things they love. Fastly’s edge cloud platform enables customers to create great digital experiences quickly, securely, and reliably by processing, serving, and securing our customers’ applications as close to their end-users as possible — at the edge of the Internet. The platform is designed to take advantage of the modern internet, to be programmable, and to support agile software development. Fastly’s customers include many of the world’s most prominent companies, including GitHub, Yelp, Paramount, and JetBlue.</p>
<p>We're building a more trustworthy Internet. Come join us.</p></div><p><strong>Senior Revenue Accountant</strong></p>
<p>We’re looking for a detail-oriented Senior Revenue Accountant to join our Revenue Accounting team. In this role, you’ll support revenue recognition accounting and operations. You’ll play a key part in maintaining accurate financial records through contract review and documentation, data validation, strengthening controls, and variance analysis with an emphasis on SOX-compliant processes.</p>
<p>This is a great opportunity for someone who is excited to improve processes by seeking for efficiency while maintaining accuracy through automation and AI tools. You’ll be part of a collaborative team that values continuous learning and operational excellence.</p>
<p><strong>What You'll Do:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>
<p>Review customer contracts for revenue recognition to ensure compliance with company policies and appropriate revenue recognition standards under ASC 606</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Ensure data consistency between customer contracts, CPQ and ERP, highlight outliers and support investigations</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Support monthly, quarterly, and yearly revenue close processes by preparing journal entries, reconciling accounts, analyzing variances, and creating disclosures</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Collaborate and communicate with cross functional teams to process non-routine transactions, such as contract modifications and non-standard terms</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Assist with both external audit and internal SOX compliance by performing proper controls, maintaining required documentation and assisting in any required testing cycle</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Work with the core team to continue streamlining efforts to business processes, internal controls and system improvements to evolve them to a scalable, detailed set of procedures</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Engage in ongoing system and process enhancements, including testing, documentation, and providing feedback on automation efforts</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>What We're Looking For:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>
<p>Bachelor’s degree in accounting, finance, or a related field</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>3+ years of progressive experience in revenue accounting, with a strong understanding of US GAAP and ASC 606 at a high growth technology company</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Experience with complex revenue contracts, including usage-based billing, subscriptions, and multi-element arrangements</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Strong analytical skills with the ability to interpret financial data, identify trends, and provide actionable insights</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Experience with revenue recognition automation tools (e.g., NetSuite ARM)</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Excellent communication and interpersonal skills, with the ability to effectively collaborate with various levels of the organization</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Proven ability to work independently, manage multiple priorities, and meet tight deadlines in a fast-paced environment</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>A passion for Revenue Recognition and Accounting Operations as we scale from the ground up</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p>We’ll be super impressed if you have experience in any of these:</p>
<ul>
<li>
<p>Experience with ERP systems (e.g., NetSuite, SAP, Oracle), CPQ systems (e.g., Salesforce)</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Experience with revenue operations and process improvement initiatives</p>
</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>Why Fastly?</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>
<p><strong>We have a huge impact.</strong>&nbsp;Fastly is a small company with a big reach. Not only do<a class="external-link" href="https://www.fastly.com/customers" target="\_blank">&nbsp;our customers</a>&nbsp;have a tremendous user base, but we also support a growing number of<a class="external-link" href="https://www.fastly.com/open-source/" target="\_blank">&nbsp;open source projects and initiatives</a>.&nbsp;Outside of code, employees are encouraged to share causes close to their heart with others so we can help lend a supportive hand.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p><strong>We value diversity.</strong>&nbsp;Growing and maintaining our inclusive and diverse team matters to us. We are committed to being a company where our employees feel comfortable bringing their authentic selves to work and have the ability to be successful -- every day.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p><strong>We are passionate.</strong>&nbsp;Fastly is chock full of passionate people and we’re not ‘one size fits all’. Fastly employs authors, pilots, skiers, parents (of humans and animals), makeup geeks, coffee connoisseurs, and more. We love employees for who they are and what they are passionate about.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>We’re always looking for humble, sharp, and creative folks to join the Fastly team. If you think you might be a fit please apply!</strong><strong> A fully completed application and resume or CV are required when applying.</strong></p>
<p><em>All job applications must be submitted through our official careers site at </em><a href="http://www.fastly.com/careers"><em>www.fastly.com/about/careers</em></a><em>. We will never request sensitive information, such as your Social Security number, bank account or credit card information during the application process. All official communication will come from an @</em><a href="http://fastly.com"><em>fastly.com</em></a><em> or @</em><a href="http://recruiting.fastly.com"><em>recruiting.fastly.com</em></a><em> email address. </em></p>
<p><em><span style="font-weight: 400;">Fastly is committed to ensuring equal employment opportunity and to providing employees with a safe and welcoming work environment free of discrimination and harassment. Our employment decisions are based on business needs, job requirements and individual qualifications.</span></em><em><span style="font-weight: 400;"> All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, family or parental status, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances.</span></em></p>
<p><em><span style="font-weight: 400;">Consistent with the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) and federal or state disability laws, Fastly will provide reasonable accommodations for applicants and employees with disabilities. If reasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and/or to receive other benefits and privileges of employment, please contact your Recruiter, or the Fastly Employee Relations team at </span></em><a href="mailto:candidateaccommodations@fastly.com"><em><span style="font-weight: 400;">candidateaccommodations@fastly.com</span></em></a><em><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or 501-287-4901.&nbsp; </span></em></p>
<p><em>Fastly collects and processes personal data submitted by job applicants in accordance with our<a class="external-link" href="https://www.fastly.com/privacy" target="\_blank">&nbsp;Privacy Policy</a>. Please see our<a class="external-link" href="https://www.fastly.com/privacy-job-applicants" target="\_blank">&nbsp;privacy notice for job applicants</a>.</em></p></div>