As an Account Executive, you will be responsible for signing new logos within the French market. You will be part of a team of 5 Account Executives who are achieving their ambitious objectives in 2026.

The position involves leading opportunities from demo to closing, taking an active part in our responses to requests for proposals, growing your network with HR & training decision-makers and developing the best sales strategies to close deals.360 Learning is committed to providing fulfilling career paths; this role will offer you the opportunity to move into other roles within the organization after 2 or 3 years of continuous success.

Hear from our AE Mid Coach :

*My core objective for the Mid Market team is to continue to expand our leadership in France. I strive for collaboration, working within a good team dynamic is essential; we only progress if everyone brings their expertise and shares their feedback along the way. Our sales experts have the unique opportunity to grow their careers through our defined career paths and learn how the sales playbook of a market-leading LMS.*

## Within 1 month you will:

- Get more familiar with the team
- Discover how 360Learning works and the main features we offer
- Learn more about Convexity, our corporate culture
- Take part in various customer meetings and familiarize yourself with our processes and tools (Trello, Salesforce, etc.)
- Finalize your onboarding

## Within 3 months you will:

- Perform your first demonstration of our product to clients
- Ensure accurate reporting of your activity to optimize your forecast and build the best sales strategies to win projects
- Build your pipeline
- Close your first deal!

## Within 6 months you will:

- Build a solid network made up of HR Director, VP HR, Training Managers ... in France and EMEA
- Process the continuous flow of inbound projects
- Develop the best business opportunities within new accounts
- Meet and exceed your quarterly targets

## Within 12 months you will:

- Be ready to tackle more complex, multi-thread deals
- Contribute as a subject-matter expert on the 360Learning platform and share your knowledge with the rest of the organization
- Improve our sales playbook, participate in internal projects

## The Skill Set:

- 3+ years of experience in a Sales role, in the SaaS industry or a great experience in strategy consulting
- Experience of performing complex software/platform demos in your sales process
- Ability to establish strong, trusting relationships with key decision makers at all levels
- Excellent active listening skills and a "Team Player" attitude
- Basic elements of HR culture would be a plus!
- Native French & English proficiency (level B2 or equivalent)
- Enthusiasm for our working environment explained here: <https://bit.ly/Convexity360L>

## What we offer:

- **Compensation:** Package includes base salary, a variable component and equity 📈
- **Benefits/Perks:** Work From Home stipend, RTT, lunch vouchers, medical insurance, gym subscription, 1 month parental leave for the second parent.
- **Balance:** Flexible hours, full remote work possible anywhere in France 🏠
- **Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion:** We have 6 active ERGs including Mental Health, Environmental/Sustainability, Women, Parents, LGBTQIA2S+, and Ethnic Diversity. Each group has at least one executive team member serving as a member of the group, bringing greater awareness to each group’s activities and providing a quick path to impact 🤝
- **Corporate Social Responsibility:** Review our CSR Charter: [360learning.com/blog/corporate-social-responsibility-charter](http://360learning.com/blog/corporate-social-responsibility-charter) 🌎🌏🌍
- **Culture:**A framework that will help you make an impact - envision what's it like to join 360Learning through our onboarding journey: <https://360learning.com/blog/360learner-journey/> & Convexity Culture: <https://bit.ly/Convexity360L> 🚀👩🏻‍💻🏆

## Interview Process:

- Phone Screen with our Talent Acquisition Manager
- Discovery Meeting Interview with our AE Mid Coach
- Case Study with an AE Mid-Market and the AE Mid Coach (with computer)
- Clarification Meeting with our VP Sales
- Culture Fit Interview with our Chief Revenue Officer
- Offer!

**Who We Are**

360Learning enables companies to upskill from within by turning their experts into champions for employee, customer, and partner growth. With our LMS for collaborative learning, Learning & Development teams can accelerate upskilling with the help of internal experts instead of slow top-down training. 360Learning is the easiest way to onboard and upskill employees, train customer-facing teams, and enable customers and partners–all from one place.

360Learning powers the future of work at 1,700 organizations. Founded in 2013, 360Learning has raised $240 million with 400+ team members across North America and EMEA.

**Learning Includes Everyone.**

In concert with our culture, 360Learning believes learning includes everyone and that means embracing the strengths of diversity, connectedness, and inclusion. Through conscientious efforts, our global footprint celebrates cultures, perspectives, and experiences from all over the world to support our platform that is built for all regardless of race, ethnicity, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, religion, age, neurodiversity, disability status, citizenship, veteran status or any other aspect which makes an individual unique or protected by laws and regulations in the locations where we operate. Thus, 360Learning is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace, and we commit to continue this throughout our processes for recruitment, compensation, benefits, performance, promotion, and all other conditions and terms of employment. **We want to learn from and with you!**