<div class="content-intro"><p><strong>Secure Every Identity, from AI to Human<br><br></strong>Identity is the key to unlocking the potential of AI. Okta secures AI by building the trusted, neutral infrastructure that enables organizations to safely embrace this new era. This work requires a relentless drive to solve complex challenges with real-world stakes. We are looking for builders and owners who operate with speed and urgency and execute with excellence.<br><br>This is an opportunity to do career-defining work. We're all in on this mission. If you are too, let's talk.</p></div><h2><strong>The Product</strong></h2>
<p>Okta’s Auth0 is an easy-to-implement authentication and authorization platform designed by developers for developers. We make access to applications safe, secure, and seamless for the more than 100 million daily logins around the world. Our modern approach to identity enables this Tier-0 global service to deliver convenience, privacy, and security so customers can focus on innovation.</p>
<h2><strong>The Team</strong></h2>
<p>The Enablement team is at the core of expanding Auth0's capabilities for B2B customers, enabling seamless and automated user lifecycle management at a massive scale. We build and own the critical features that enterprises rely on to connect their identity sources to Auth0, including <strong>Enterprise APIs</strong> and our powerful <strong>self-service capabilities</strong>.</p>
<p>Our work is highly impactful, helping customers automate the creation, updating, and deactivation of users. This is a cornerstone for B2B SaaS applications that need to efficiently manage access for their own customers and partners. We work with <strong>NodeJS</strong>, <strong>TypeScript</strong>, <strong>PostgreSQL</strong>, <strong>MongoDB</strong>, and <strong>React</strong> to build these highly available and scalable services.</p>
<h2><strong>What you’ll be doing:</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Help drive the architectural vision and strategy on the team to design and deliver powerful new enterprise APIs and functionality for our customers.</li>
<li>Orchestrate and lead major technical projects across teams as necessary.</li>
<li>Design, architect, code, and document large-scale distributed systems.</li>
<li>Serve as a subject matter expert on building scalable, reliable, and maintainable distributed systems.</li>
<li>Mentor and coach less experienced engineers on sound engineering practices and technical leadership.</li>
<li>Collaborate with Product, Security, and other engineering teams to define and continually improve our platform and architecture.</li>
<li>Drive technical decision-making while striving to hit the right balance between factors such as simplicity, flexibility, reliability, and performance.</li>
<li>Participate in the team's on-call rotations to make sure we offer our customers the best availability for our services.</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>What you’ll bring to the role:</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>
<ul>
<li>8+ years of experience working on large-scale systems or services.</li>
<li>You bring solid architectural and security knowledge, backed by experience in designing, implementing, and evolving complex distributed systems.</li>
<li>You have worked on projects that required close collaboration with external teams and have experience making those a success.</li>
<li>You have solid previous experience with Node.js (JavaScript or TypeScript) to build scalable backend services and create and maintain public and internal APIs.</li>
<li>Experience building full-stack applications with an understanding of React.</li>
<li>A good understanding of SQL (PostgreSQL) and NoSQL (MongoDB) databases and how to optimize them for performance under load.</li>
<li>Experience with containerization (Docker) and cloud environments like AWS and Azure.</li>
<li>You are a good mentor and communicator, and can explain complex concepts simply.</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<p>#Hybrid</p>
<p>PID Number : P24578</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong><br>The Okta Experience</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><a href="http://rewards.okta.com">Supporting Your Well-Being</a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="https://www.okta.com/company/okta-for-good/">Driving Social Impact&nbsp;</a></li>
<li><a href="https://www.okta.com/company/talent-connection-community/">Developing Talent and Fostering Connection + Community</a></li>
</ul>
<p>We are intentional about connection. Our global community, spanning over 20 offices worldwide, is united by a drive to innovate. Your journey begins with an immersive, in-person onboarding experience designed to accelerate your impact and connect you to our mission and team from day one.<br><br>Okta is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, marital status, age, physical or mental disability, or status as a protected veteran. We also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and convictions records, consistent with applicable laws.<br><br>If reasonable accommodation is needed to complete any part of the job application, interview process, or onboarding please&nbsp;<a href="https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1EfiEYZrIyhA2X4Fijk0R3RKYOzNoS3wtvyM4nhbZnXE/edit">use this Form</a> to request an accommodation.<br><br>Notice for New York City Applicants &amp; Employees: Okta may use Automated Employment Decision Tools (AEDT), as defined by New York City Local Law 144, that use artificial intelligence, machine learning, or other automated processes to assist in our recruitment and hiring process. In accordance with NYC Local Law 144, if you are an applicant or employee residing in New York City, please&nbsp;<a href="https://talent.okta.com/new-york-city-aedt-notice.html">click here</a> to view our full NYC AEDT Notice.<br><br>Okta is committed to complying with applicable data privacy and security laws and regulations. For more information, please see our Personnel and Job Candidate Privacy Notice at&nbsp;<a href="https://www.okta.com/legal/personnel-policy/">https://www.okta.com/legal/personnel-policy/</a>.</p></div>