<p>
  <strong>Headquarters:</strong> Remote , Remote
</p>

<h3><strong> A little about us</strong></h3><p>Inspired by how developers organize their work, GitBook is a hub for documentation for high-performing teams.</p><p>GitBook is a fully remote company with a team distributed between Europe, North America, and Asia. As a small team, we’re all generalists and constantly picking up new challenges. When it comes to code, we’re looking to work with experienced people who can pick a problem and solve it.</p><p>We use TypeScript and build scalable systems so we can continuously make progress on a solid foundation. We don’t expect you to have a background in everything we use, but we do expect experience building scalable infrastructure and backend solutions.</p><p><strong>Some things we’re proud of:</strong></p><p> We have close to 40,000 sign-ups per month and over 100k Monthly Active Users</p><p> Profitable</p><p> Used by over 2M users and thousands of teams such as Adobe, Netflix, Apple, Snyk, and Google</p><p> Backed by top partners such as P9 Capital, Notion Capital and Fly VC</p><p>️ Amazing in over 15 countries across North America, Europe and Asia</p><h3><strong> What will you be doing?</strong></h3><p>You'll help us in our challenging mission to craft rewarding relationships between our product and our users.</p><ul><li><p>You'll participate in crafting a strong product driven engineering culture that places a heavy emphasis on product thinking throughout the entire development lifecycle to maximize user impact.</p></li><li><p>You'll grow GitBook's impact on millions of users by solving technical product challenges of high scope and complexity .</p></li><li><p>You'll leverage a product driven approach to crafting our unique, highly scalable solutions for complex systems with a serverless philosophy that drives our application.</p></li><li><p>You'll own the implementation of new features from concept to production, including proposal, discussion, and execution.</p></li><li><p>You'll contribute to the definition and be the advocate of our internal standards for style, maintainability and best practices.</p></li><li><p>You'll provide mentorship for engineers to help them grow in their technical responsibilities and remove blockers.</p></li></ul><h3><strong>‍ What environment will you be working on?</strong></h3><ul><li><p>Typescript</p></li><li><p>Node</p></li><li><p>Cloudflare (Workers, WAF, CDN, SSL for SaaS)</p></li><li><p>Google Cloud (Cloud Run, etc)</p></li><li><p>GitHub, Slack</p></li></ul><p>Here's our <a href="http://stackshare.io">stackshare.io</a> page to <a class="underline underline-offset-2 text-primary hover:text-primary-700 transition-colors " href="https://stackshare.io/gitbook/gitbook">learn more about our stack</a>.</p><p><strong>How we work</strong></p><p>Engineering works to continuously delivering value, focusing on shipping as a team. We use agile processes that work for us and experiment frequently. Our process runs on two week async "cycles" that emphasize leadership through ownership and operating in the open.We leverage Kanban mechanisms that prioritize throughput, velocity, and impact to help us succeed in our mission to foster rewarding relationships between our product and our users. As a product focused organization, Engineering works in tandem with Product, Design, and Support to participate in crafting value throughout the entire product delivery process.</p><h3><strong>You will be valued for</strong></h3><ul><li><p><strong>Your product-oriented mindset</strong> You are driven by creating values for our users, and not solely by solving hard tech problems. You have experience owning a project from concept to production, with a focus on the end user and final impact. You approach engineering with an empathy driven mindset that keeps a broader context when executing.</p></li><li><p><strong>Your teamwork</strong> You understand that value is created and delivered to users. You help the team operate openly and transparently, elevating the quality of documentation and our rigour. You grow through experimentation and lead with compassion, improving the organization and your teammates.</p></li><li><p><strong>Your technical experience </strong>You have experience working with TypeScript, React, NodeJS, and serverless architecture.</p></li><li><p><strong>Your engineering skills </strong>You have a solid understanding of how web applications are built and delivered to users. You are comfortable with topics such as performance optimisation, data synchronisation, and caching. Your experience in application monitoring and debugging will also be valued and it will be an added plus if you have experience with server-less infrastructure.</p></li></ul><h3><strong> What's next?</strong></h3><p>First, we will take the time to review your application, and we will get back to you within a week, regardless of our decision. We know that your time is valuable so we work to move the process along quickly and keep it casual. We're not believers in "gotcha" questions or checking for skills you'll never actually use as an engineer at GitBook.</p><p>Here's what our process will look like:</p><ol><li><p><strong>Discovery Call</strong> (30 min) with our People Team to look for healthy alignment</p></li><li><p><strong>Technical interview </strong>(60 min) with members of the engineering team to learn more about projects you've built and challenges you've faced building them.</p></li><li><p><strong>Technical interview</strong> (60 min) with Samy, our CTO, to learn more about your experience and technical skills</p></li><li><p><strong>Final meet &amp; greet with CEO </strong>(30 min)</p></li></ol><h3><strong> join GitBook</strong></h3><p>You will be joining during a pivotal moment for GitBook. We've enjoyed great success since we were founded, and now we're taking conscious steps to take our company to the next level. That means you will have the opportunity to build, positively impact the trajectory of the company and enjoy the benefits of helping grow our company 20x. <strong>Every single team member is a value addition to our culture</strong>, so it's important for us to state our cultural principles:</p><ul><li><p> Keep it simple</p></li><li><p> Transparency</p></li><li><p>‍️ Care (Give a sh*t)</p></li><li><p> Bias towards impactful action</p></li></ul><p>Come make your mark on building the future of work with us.</p>

<p><strong>To apply:</strong> <a href="https://weworkremotely.com/remote-jobs/gitbook-product-engineer">https://weworkremotely.com/remote-jobs/gitbook-product-engineer</a></p>