<p>We’re looking for a service-oriented CRNA to round-out our team at Texoma Medical Center in Denison, Texas. This is an opportunity to join a stable team of CRNAs and this opportunity won't last long.</p>
<p><strong><u>Texoma Medical Center- Denison, TX</u></strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Base pay of $240K with compensated call – Total compensation ranges from 260-280K!</li>
<li>7 weeks off</li>
<li>Chief Stipend</li>
<li>CV Stipend of $20(k) Available if Interested</li>
<li>W2 Position with Full Benefits Package- medical, dental, vision, 401(k) with matching and immediate vest, CME Allowance</li>
<li>Low call burden with primary call being 1-2x monthly.&nbsp; Call from Home.</li>
<li>Case types include general, neuro, ENT, Urology, Orthopedic, Cath Level III- some moderate trauma</li>
<li>Dedicated OB Team 24/7</li>
<li>Malpractice and tail coverage provided</li>
<li>Annual leadership summit with other clinical leaders</li>
</ul>
<p><strong><u>Qualifications:</u></strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Regional Anesthesia proficiency is preferred, but we are willing to train</li>
</ul>
<p><strong><u>What We Offer:</u></strong></p>
<ul>
<li>$240(k) W2 base with ability to earn up to 280K</li>
<li>Medical, Dental, and Vision coverage</li>
<li>401K with 4% match and immediate vest</li>
<li>CME allowance</li>
<li>Paid Short Term + Long Term Disability</li>
<li>Paid Malpractice + tail</li>
<li>Support from our Corporate Clinical Leaders</li>
</ul>
<p><strong><u>About Denison, TX</u></strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Located 1 hour from the Downtown DFW area</li>
<li>Highly rated public schools</li>
<li>Denison is 1 mile from the OK/TX border</li>
</ul>
<p><strong><u>About Us:</u></strong></p>
<p>Essential Anesthesia Management, a partnership between YPS and EmergencHealth, is a clinician-founded, clinician-led anesthesia management company striving to deliver the highest quality anesthesia care to both patients and hospitals alike. Over the past several years, we have experienced significant growth, providing turn-key department management at over 125 facilities in 6 states. Over 1400 CRNA and Anesthesiologist providers make up the Essential Team. We are continually seeking additional service-minded professionals to join our team and pride ourselves on hiring the best and brightest.&nbsp;<strong>We want to hire exceptional people.</strong>&nbsp;If you want to be part of a great anesthesia team that really understands the day-to-day demands in the OR, please give us a call at 602-620-3037.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><em><span class="TextRun SCXW234030319 BCX8" lang="EN-US" data-contrast="auto"><span class="NormalTextRun SCXW234030319 BCX8">Essential Anesthesia Management</span><span class="NormalTextRun SCXW234030319 BCX8"> is committed to equal opportunity for all, without regard to race, religion, color, national origin, citizenship, sex, age, veteran status, disability, genetic information, or any other protected characteristic</span><span class="NormalTextRun SCXW234030319 BCX8">.&nbsp; </span><span class="NormalTextRun SCXW234030319 BCX8">Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the assigned and essential functions.</span></span><span class="EOP SCXW234030319 BCX8" data-ccp-props="{&quot;201341983&quot;:0,&quot;335559739&quot;:160,&quot;335559740&quot;:240}">&nbsp;</span></em></p></div>