<h2>About us<span class="Apple-converted-space">&nbsp;</span></h2>
<p><span data-teams="true">At Graphcore, we’re building the future of AI compute.</span></p>
<p><span data-teams="true">We’re a team of semiconductor, software and AI experts, with deep experience in creating the complete AI compute stack - from silicon and software to infrastructure at datacenter scale.</span></p>
<p><span data-teams="true">As part of the SoftBank Group, backed by significant long-term investment, we are delivering key technology into the fast-growing SoftBank AI ecosystem.To meet the vast and exciting AI opportunity, Graphcore is expanding its teams around the world.We are bringing together the brightest minds to solve the toughest problems, in a place where everyone has the opportunity to make an impact on the company, our products and the future of artificial intelligence</span>.</p>
<h2><strong>Job Summary</strong></h2>
<p>As a Graduate Machine Learning Engineer in the Applied AI team at Graphcore, you will contribute to advancing AI technology by developing and optimising AI models tailored to our specialised hardware. Working closely with the Software development and Research teams, you will play a critical role in identifying opportunities to innovate and differentiate Graphcore’s technology. This role is ideal for someone who loves working hands-on with models, has a strong foundation in ML fundamentals, and wants to push the boundaries of AI performance in real-world systems.<span class="Apple-converted-space">&nbsp;</span></p>
<h2><strong>The Team</strong></h2>
<p>The Applied AI team’s role is to understand the latest AI models, applications, and software to ensure that Graphcore’s technology works seamlessly with the AI ecosystem. We build reference applications, contribute to key software libraries e.g. optimising kernels for efficiency on our hardware, and collaborate with the Research team to develop and publish novel ideas in domains such as efficient compute, model scaling and distributed training and inference of AI models for different modalities and applications.<span class="Apple-converted-space">&nbsp;</span></p>
<h2><strong>Responsibilities and Duties</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Implement state-of-the-art machine learning models and optimise them for performance and accuracy, scaling to 1000s of accelerators.<span class="Apple-converted-space">&nbsp;</span></li>
<li>Evaluate new software releases, provide feedback to software engineering teams, make necessary code fixes, and conduct code reviews.<span class="Apple-converted-space">&nbsp;</span></li>
<li>Benchmark models and key model components to identify performance bottlenecks and improve model efficiency.<span class="Apple-converted-space">&nbsp;</span></li>
<li>Design and conduct experiments on novel AI methods, analyse and report results clearly.<span class="Apple-converted-space">&nbsp;</span></li>
<li>Collaborate with Research, Software, and Product teams to define, build, and test Graphcore’s next generation of AI hardware.<span class="Apple-converted-space">&nbsp;</span></li>
<li>Stay current with AI research and actively engage with the broader AI and open-source community.<span class="Apple-converted-space">&nbsp;</span></li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Candidate Profile<span class="Apple-converted-space">&nbsp;</span></strong></h2>
<p><strong>Essential:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Bachelor’s/Master's degree in Machine Learning, Computer Science, Maths, Data Science, or related field.<span class="Apple-converted-space">&nbsp;</span></li>
<li>Proficiency in deep learning frameworks such as PyTorch/JAX and strong software development skills.<span class="Apple-converted-space">&nbsp;</span></li>
<li>Solid understanding of deep learning fundamentals — architectures, optimisation, evaluation, and scaling.<span class="Apple-converted-space">&nbsp;</span></li>
<li>Capable of designing, executing and reporting from ML experiments.<span class="Apple-converted-space">&nbsp;</span></li>
<li>Comfortable working in a fast-moving, occasionally ambiguous environment.<span class="Apple-converted-space">&nbsp;</span></li>
<li>Enjoy cross-functional work collaborating with other teams.<span class="Apple-converted-space">&nbsp;</span></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Desirable:</strong></p>
<p>Experience in one or more of:<span class="Apple-converted-space">&nbsp;</span></p>
<ul>
<li>Development of deep learning models including large generative models for language, vision and other modalities;<span class="Apple-converted-space">&nbsp;</span></li>
<li>Low-precision/efficient compute;<span class="Apple-converted-space">&nbsp;</span></li>
<li>Distributed training of large-scale ML models.<span class="Apple-converted-space">&nbsp;</span></li>
<li>Experience writing high performance C++/Triton/CUDA kernels.<span class="Apple-converted-space">&nbsp;</span></li>
<li>Contributions to open-source projects or published research.<span class="Apple-converted-space">&nbsp;</span></li>
<li>Familiarity with cloud platforms and ML infrastructure.<span class="Apple-converted-space">&nbsp;</span></li>
<li>Enthusiasm for presenting, publishing, or engaging in the AI community.<span class="Apple-converted-space">&nbsp;</span></li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Benefits</strong></h2>
<p>In addition to a competitive salary, Graphcore offers flexible working, a generous annual leave policy, private medical insurance and health cash plan, a dental plan, pension (matched up to 5%), life assurance and income protection. We have a generous parental leave policy and an employee assistance programme (which includes health, mental wellbeing, and bereavement support). We offer a range of healthy food and snacks at our central Bristol office and have our own barista bar! We welcome people of different backgrounds and experiences; we’re committed to building an inclusive work environment that makes Graphcore a great home for everyone. We offer an equal opportunity process and understand that there are visible and invisible differences in all of us. We can provide a flexible approach to interview and encourage you to chat to us if you require any reasonable adjustments.<span class="Apple-converted-space">&nbsp;</span></p>