Created in Lyon in 2016 by three French entrepreneurs, Agicap is one of the fastest scale-ups in Europe, with over 8000 customers, 650 employees and fast revenue growth (7x between 2021 and 2024). Agicap is part of the French Tech 120, rewarding the most promising startups in France.

Agicap allows Finance teams of Mid-Market companies to efficiently manage and forecast their cash, pay their suppliers and get paid. By combining a Treasury Management System, and Accounts Payable and Accounts Receivable solutions into a single platform, Agicap aims at becoming the next leading Treasury Management platform for mid-market companies.

We have raised €145M since our creation, with prestigious VC funds including AVP, Greenoaks, Partech and BlackFin, with a last round in November 2024.

These additional resources further fuel our product innovation, allowing us to grow significantly and accelerate our international expansion across the world.

We believe our success comes from our highly passionate and dedicated teams, committed to building a company where people can grow and build their careers. We are constantly looking for great talents, aiming for excellence and ready to join our ambitious adventure!

**Headcount Growth :**

July 2019 : 10

July 2020 : 50

July 2021 : 200

July 2023 : +500

July 2025 : +700

**Reporting to our Head of Sales, you will join the Partnerships France team. As a leader in cash management solutions as well as pre-accounting solutions (dematerialization, debt collection, etc.), Agicap is developing its network of partners, made up of integrators, software publishers, chartered accountants, and consulting firms. These partners proactively seek information and consider collaborating with Agicap.**

## Your role:

- Participate in the recruitment of new partners and introduce the Agicap Partner Program.
- Ensure the partner’s upskilling and commercial development on Agicap’s offer.
- Motivate them and work to develop the generation of qualified leads by meeting and engaging with them, so that they introduce you to their clients and prospects who have cash management needs.
- Have very regular contact with your portfolio of partners (in-person meetings, phone calls, emails, events, etc.).
- Prepare meetings with the Account Executive to ensure the demo is successful.
- Set up sales challenges and report on the network’s performance.
- Ensure that the training and support provided to our partner clients is successful
- Make sure the partner is informed about the progress of sales and becomes our best ally to maximize our chances of closing
- Make sure the partner receives the counterpart negotiated as part of the partnership
- You need to be committed and creative in your engagement so that our partners become the best ambassadors for Agicap among their customers. You will support them as a cash management specialist (both technically and commercially) within your portfolio.

## What we are looking for:

- Master’s degree or business school background, with a specialization in negotiation/sales/entrepreneurship
- At least 3 years of experience in field sales or network management with outstanding results, ideally in a fast-growing environment
- You have a true business sense and strong interpersonal skills
- Curious and analytical, you are also ambitious and eager to exceed your objectives
- You quickly identify key stakeholders and enjoy sharing your knowledge
- You have a good command of financial concepts and a strong understanding of the financial challenges of SMEs, regardless of their sector – in-depth knowledge of a particular sector would be a plus
- You are ready to live in Lyon and travel across France at least 2 days per week
- You have the ambition and motivation to contribute to a unique project alongside a team of more than 10 highly motivated colleagues, with the goal of developing the commercial performance of the Partnerships department and making it Agicap’s leading contributor to MRR

## What we offer:

- Attractive compensation based on your background and experience
- Swile meal vouchers
- 100% coverage of public transportation costs
- New 1000 m² offices at Gare de Vaise (Lyon)
- A key moment to join a fast-growing startup
- An entrepreneurial and empowering environment that is highly instructive, with a lot of autonomy
- A dynamic and passionate work atmosphere with a true team spirit to help Agicap take off in France and internationally 🚀
- One afterwork event per month

**The Recruitment Process:**

1. Screening interview (Talent Acquisition Manager)

2. Discovery interview: candidate’s experience and fit with Agicap (VP Sales FR)

3. Business case and scenario (Chief Sales Officer)