<p><span style="text-decoration: underline;"><strong>Jam Busters (MHE Operative)</strong></span></p>
<p>Derby, UK</p>
<p><span style="text-decoration: underline;"><strong>Rate of Pay:</strong></span><strong><span style="font-weight: 400;"> £13.98/hour&nbsp;</span><span style="font-weight: 400;">(plus 20% night uplift)</span></strong></p>
<p><span style="text-decoration: underline;"><strong>What You Will Be Doing:</strong></span></p>
<p>This role is responsible for assisting in the creation of meal kits for our customers. This position is pivotal in ensuring the efficient movement of inbound and outbound goods, whilst ensuring that the Health &amp; Safety and Food Safety standards are met. The individual will operate material handling equipment (MHE) to facilitate stock transfers, support inventory management and contribute to the overall success and efficiency of our operations.</p>
<ul>
<li>Ensuring that Food Safety and Health &amp; Safety standards are met and sustainably maintained. You are required to cooperate with HelloFresh in all health and safety matters.&nbsp; You are responsible for ensuring your own health, safety and welfare in the activities you undertake. You must report incidents immediately and actively raise health and safety-related concerns to your Line Manager.</li>
<li>Undertaking basic problem-solving activities and escalating to the shift team where necessary</li>
<li>Ensuring compliance with Standard Operating Procedures and Instructions.</li>
<li>Clear jams and or blockages on the automated machinery</li>
<li>Assist with general warehouse duties, including replenishment of cartons in the box erectors and lidding machines</li>
<li>Maintain cleanliness and organisation within the warehouse, including workstations, storage areas, and equipment.</li>
<li>Being involved in ad hoc projects as and when required.</li>
<li>Conduct routine maintenance checks on equipment and report any malfunctions or issues to the Warehouse Team Leader.</li>
<li>Ensure personal compliance with PPE and personal &amp; food hygiene standards.</li>
<li>Any other responsibilities/duties which would be reasonably expected as part of this role.</li>
</ul>
<p><span style="text-decoration: underline;"><strong>Who You Are:</strong></span></p>
<ul>
<li>Proven experience working in a warehouse or similar environment, preferably in the food industry.</li>
<li>GCSE - Maths &amp; English&nbsp;</li>
<li>MHE Licence desirable</li>
<li>Familiarity with Warehouse Management Systems.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Knowledge of health and safety regulations related to warehouse operations.</li>
<li>Proficient in using warehouse equipment such as forklifts and pallet jacks (relevant certification is a plus).</li>
<li>Good organisational and time management skills with the ability to prioritise tasks effectively.</li>
<li>Basic computer skills</li>
<li>Strong attention to detail and accuracy</li>
<li>Can do attitude with the ability to flex to the business needs</li>
</ul>
<p><span style="text-decoration: underline;"><strong>What you will get in return:</strong></span></p>
<p><strong>Upon Starting Employment</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>70% Discount on HelloFresh or GreenChef boxes (yes 💸)</li>
<li>Employee Assistance Program</li>
<li>HelloFresh Branded Fleece and Hat</li>
<li>Free Hot Drinks during shift!</li>
<li>Company Pension Scheme (after completing 3 months)</li>
<li>Life Assurance</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Upon Successfully Passing Probation</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Cycle to Work Scheme</li>
</ul>
<p><strong data-stringify-type="bold">Location:&nbsp;</strong>The Windmill, Holme Lane, Spondon, Derby, DE21 7HW</p>
<p><strong>Work Schedule</strong>: Fixed Shifts</p>
<p><span data-sheets-value="{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:&quot;#windmillwarehouse&quot;}" data-sheets-userformat="{&quot;2&quot;:20866,&quot;4&quot;:{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:15987699},&quot;10&quot;:2,&quot;11&quot;:4,&quot;15&quot;:&quot;Arial&quot;,&quot;17&quot;:1}">#windmillwarehouse</span></p>
<p><strong><span data-sheets-value="{&quot;1&quot;:2,&quot;2&quot;:&quot;#JD1003&quot;}" data-sheets-userformat="{&quot;2&quot;:4224,&quot;10&quot;:2,&quot;15&quot;:&quot;Arial&quot;}">#JD1003</span></strong></p>
<p><strong>Next steps</strong>: Your application will be reviewed and if successful, a member of the Talent Acquisition Team will be in touch within 2 weeks</p>
<p>As part of our recruitment process, we undertake a Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) check for all successful candidates</p>
<p>You are required to cooperate with HelloFresh in all health and safety matters. You are responsible for ensuring you take reasonable care of your own health, and safety as well as others who may be affected by the work activities you undertake. You must report incidents immediately and actively raise health and safety-related concerns to your Line Manager.</p>
<p>If you are currently a HelloFresh employee, please make sure you have discussed your application with your Line Manager.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>