<div class="content-intro"><p>Celonis is the global leader in Process Intelligence and the pioneer of Process Mining technology. As one of the world’s fastest-growing enterprise SaaS companies, we are changemakers pushing the boundaries of what’s possible. We invest heavily in advanced AI capabilities—specifically our Process Intelligence Graph—to turn data insights into immediate business action. We believe there is a massive opportunity to unlock global productivity and sustainability by placing intelligence at the core of every business process. Join our mission to make processes work for people, companies, and the planet.</p></div><p>We're Celonis, the global leader in Process Intelligence technology and one of the world's fastest-growing SaaS firms. We believe there is a massive opportunity to unlock productivity by placing data and intelligence at the core of business processes - and for that, we need you to join us.<br><br>Value Engineering operates at the very heart of Celonis, dovetailing our Go-to-Market with our Product &amp; Engineering organization to maximize the value our customers realize from our technology. Leveraging the Celonis Process Intelligence Platform together with advanced analytics, machine learning, and AI, our teams help customers uncover inefficiencies, identify high-impact opportunities, and transform business processes. Value Engineers guide organizations through the entire value journey — from identifying use cases and running proof-of-value initiatives to scaling AI-driven process improvements that deliver measurable business outcomes.<br><br>The DACH region is one of our largest and most strategically significant markets. With our headquarters based in Munich, we work closely with some of our most mature customers, continue to win new ones, and consistently lead the way in piloting innovative go-to-market strategies - setting the blueprint for other regions to follow.</p>
<p><strong>The Role:</strong><br><br>As a VP, Value Engineering DACH you will be a leader of leaders. You lead an organization of Value Engineers to drive the end-to-end customer value journey – from landing new customers to securing and expanding within the installed base of customers. You will be measured on net-new ARR, customer health, and product adoption. You play an active role in our regional, cross-functional go-to-market leadership team, act as a trusted advisor to the Celonis Executive Team, and support engagements with senior stakeholders at our most strategic customers.</p>
<p>As a leader in one of the fastest-growing tech companies globally, you will bring a proven pre-sales and consulting skill set, as well as strong analytical and strategy-to-execution leadership . You will foster a positive and supportive work environment for your teams, promoting employee satisfaction and career growth.</p>
<p><strong>The work you’ll do:</strong><br><br>I<strong>dentify &amp; Frame Value For Prospects/Customers</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Oversee the end-to-end customer value journey for the entire customer portfolio, including responsibility for landing, expanding, adoption and renewing accounts</li>
<li>Translate customers’ strategic objectives into high-impact Celonis use cases and evangelize Process Intelligence Platform across prospects and customers</li>
<li>Communicate the value opportunity and strategic roadmap to C-Level executives in partnership with sales leadership</li>
<li>Serve as an executive sponsor across the customer portfolio and solidify Celonis as a strategic business transformation platform for our customers</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Create &amp; Scale Value Across The Portfolio</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Lead the customer base through the Celonis Value Journey. Landing, expanding, adoption and renewing</li>
<li>Facilitate business value workshops and use Celonis to identify and qualify opportunities for process enhancement</li>
<li>Lead the organization in building strategic expansion roadmaps embedding Celonis Process Intelligence Platform as a strategic business transformation platform in their organization and therefore drive adoption and expansion</li>
<li>Present results and realized value to senior management and C-level executives</li>
<li>Ensure customer success and architect improvement measures and manage change within the customer base</li>
<li>Provide feedback to our product development teams to enhance the Celonis platform and Apps based on new use cases</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Grow &amp; Lead Celonis Talent</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Develop world-class talent through a strong focus on structured enablement and career development combined with hands-on leadership, continuous feedback, and active mentorship&nbsp;</li>
<li>Lead by example and consistently demonstrate the Celonis Leadership Principles (lead with purpose, facilitate greatness, embrace difference, and cultivate balance)</li>
<li>Effectively allocate Celonis resources to deliver on company sales, renewals, value,&nbsp; and adoption targets&nbsp;</li>
<li>Communicate success and flag risks proactively within the organization&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>The qualifications you need:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><strong>Leadership Skills: </strong>Proven track record of 10+ years as a&nbsp; people and business leader in a customer-facing role with a Consultancy or a SaaS Provider.&nbsp; Demonstrated&nbsp; ability to lead by example - being on the front line side-by-side with your teams, showing hands-on leadership and acting as a role model for the organization.&nbsp;</li>
<li><strong>Executive Presence</strong>: Proven engagement as a sparring partner and thought leader for senior stakeholders at client organizations. Experience in preparing and communicating results to senior executives, both internally and externally.</li>
<li><strong>Sales &amp; Commercial Acumen:</strong> Demonstrate ability to qualify VE engagements,, steer/allocate resources efficiently, and champion our value selling methodology with our customers</li>
<li><strong>Business Acumen: </strong>Demonstrate strong business acumen with deep knowledge of end-to-end business processes across various business domains ( e.g. Finance and Supply Chain). &nbsp; Ability to build a compelling value roadmap for the customer.</li>
<li><strong>Product Expertise - SaaS, Data, Analytics, Applications &amp; AI:</strong>Strong understanding of SaaS business models and experience with enterprise software such as Process Intelligence/Mining, RPA, ERP systems, BI tools, and modern AI technologies. Proven track record in overseeing customer engagements and enabling teams to effectively demonstrate value. Skilled in guiding IT-facing teams and translating technical capabilities into strategic business outcomes.</li>
<li><strong>Builder Mentality: </strong>Proven track record of promoting innovation and experimentation. Successfully enabled teams to develop new models and use cases for software solutions, tailored to individual customer needs and delivering measurable business impact.</li>
<li><strong>Value Selling Methodology:</strong> Demonstrate experience of following the Celonis value selling methodology alongside the customer journey: including discovery, qualification, value assessments and proofs, and demonstrate the full value potential of Celonis Process Intelligence Platform</li>
<li><strong>Value Realization: </strong>Proven track record of identifying and prioritizing use cases, implementing improvement measures and becoming a change agent for the customer</li>
</ul>
<p><strong><br></strong><strong>What Celonis can offer you:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><strong>Pioneer Innovation:</strong> Work with the leading, award-winning process mining technology, shaping the future of business.</li>
<li><strong>Accelerate Your Growth:</strong> Benefit from clear career paths, internal mobility, a dedicated learning program, and mentorship opportunities.</li>
<li><strong>Receive Exceptional Benefits:</strong> Including generous PTO, hybrid working options, company equity (RSUs), comprehensive benefits, extensive parental leave, dedicated volunteer days, and <a href="https://careers.celonis.com/life-at-celonis/benefits">much more</a>. Interns and working students explore your benefits <a href="https://careers.celonis.com/early-careers">here</a>.</li>
<li><strong>Prioritize Your Well-being:</strong> Access to resources such as gym subsidies, counseling, and well-being programs.</li>
<li><strong>Connect and Belong:</strong> Find community and support through dedicated inclusion and belonging programs.&nbsp;</li>
<li><strong>Make Meaningful Impact:</strong> Be part of a company driven by strong <a href="https://careers.celonis.com/life-at-celonis/values">values</a> that guide everything we do: Live for Customer Value, The Best Team Wins, We Own It, and Earth Is Our Future.</li>
<li><strong>Collaborate Globally:</strong> Join a dynamic, international team of talented individuals.</li>
<li><strong>Empowered Environment:</strong> Contribute your ideas in an open culture with autonomous teams.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong><br></strong><strong>About Us:</strong><br>Celonis makes processes work for people, companies and the planet. The Celonis Process Intelligence Platform uses industry-leading process mining and AI technology and augments it with business context to give customers a living digital twin of their business operation. It’s system-agnostic and without bias, and provides everyone with a common language for understanding and improving businesses. Celonis enables its customers to continuously realize significant value across the top, bottom, and green line. Celonis is headquartered in Munich, Germany, and New York City, USA, with more than 20 offices worldwide.</p>
<p>Get familiar with the Celonis Process Intelligence Platform by watching this <a href="https://academy.celonis.com/learn/video/discover-the-ems">video</a>.</p>
<p><strong>Celonis Inclusion Statement:</strong></p>
<p>At Celonis, we believe our people make us who we are and that “The Best Team Wins”. We know that the best teams are made up of people who bring different perspectives to the table. And when everyone feels included, able to speak up and knows their voice is heard - that's when creativity and innovation happen.</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>What Celonis can offer you:</strong></p>
<ul class="p-rich\_text\_list p-rich\_text\_list\_\_bullet p-rich\_text\_list--nested" data-stringify-type="unordered-list" data-list-tree="true" data-indent="0" data-border="0">
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Pioneer Innovation:</span> Work with the global leader in Process Mining and the Process Intelligence Graph to shape the future of AI-driven business operations.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Ownership from Day 1:</span> Every full-time "Celonaut" is an owner, receiving Restricted Stock Units (RSUs) and merit-based refresh grants.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Unrivaled Family Support:</span> Benefit from our inclusive parental leave policy—24 weeks of fully paid leave for primary carers and 12 weeks for supporting carers, available from your first day of employment.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Work-Life Integration:</span> Enjoy Unlimited PTO (in applicable regions) and generous PTO globally, as well as a flexible hybrid work model that balances remote focus with vibrant office collaboration.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Continuous Growth:</span> Elevate your skills through our 70-20-10 learning framework, mentorship programs, and access to a dedicated learning platform.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Holistic Well-being:</span> Prioritize your health with subsidized Wellhub memberships, mental health counseling, and dedicated "Wellness Weeks" that prioritize work/life balance.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Drive Sustainability:</span> Participate in annual Impact Days, where you receive paid time off to volunteer for community and environmental causes with your local office, or virtually.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Global Inclusion &amp; Belonging:</span> Find community through our Inclusion Think Tank and participate in our annual Inclusion Days, ensuring every voice is heard and valued.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Value-Driven Impact:</span> Join a mission-led organization where our core values—Live for Customer Value, The Best Team Wins, We Own It, and Earth Is Our Future—drive every decision.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>About Us:</strong></p>
<p>Celonis makes processes work — for people, companies, and the planet. Powered by process mining and AI, the Celonis Process Intelligence Platform integrates process data and business context to create a living digital twin of business operations. We enable thousands of companies worldwide to understand how their business actually runs and, together with their partners, build intelligent solutions that transform and continuously improve the way they operate — unlocking billions in value. Celonis is headquartered in Munich, Germany, and New York City, USA, with more than 20 offices worldwide.</p>
<p><br>Get familiar with the Celonis Process Intelligence Platform by watching this <a href="https://academy.celonis.com/learn/video/discover-the-ems">video</a>.</p>
<p><strong>Celonis Inclusion Statement:</strong></p>
<p>At Celonis, we believe our people make us who we are and that “The Best Team Wins”. We know that the best teams are made up of people who bring different perspectives to the table. And when everyone feels included, able to speak up and knows their voice is heard - that's when creativity and innovation happen.<strong><br></strong></p>
<p><strong>Your Privacy:</strong></p>
<p>Any information you submit to Celonis as part of your application will be processed in accordance with Celonis’ <a href="https://www.celonis.com/careers/candidate-notices">Accessibility and Candidate Notices</a></p>
<p>By submitting this application, you confirm that you agree to the storing and processing of your personal data by Celonis as described in our <a href="https://www.celonis.com/careers/privacy-notice/">Privacy Notice for the Application and Hiring Process</a>.</p>
<p>Please be aware of common job offer scams, impersonators and frauds. Learn more <a href="https://www.celonis.com/careers/fraud-alert/">here</a>.</p></div>