## Your Mission

MBition is bringing the automotive industry into the future by building a new generation of infotainment platform that is reusable and hardware agnostic, as well as its implementation into our actual car lines. By implementing interfaces that future drivers will engage with, from sitting in their cars, planning their journey to choosing their favorite music and many more.<br> <br>To fuel this mission, we are looking for ambitious, enthusiastic, and driven minds to help build the state-of-the-art software that pushes our innovation further.<br> <br>As a 100% subsidiary of Mercedes-Benz AG that has been perfecting the art of moving people, products, and services from point A to point B, for more than 120 years. With an international team of over 500 Employees, who value quality, creativity and believe in teamwork. Together we create passionate technology on exciting topics that include navigation, infotainment systems, location-based services, user experience and interaction. Let’s shape the future!

## Sneak preview of your future tasks

As a developer of our voice development platform, you will create, improve and operate a hybrid cloud and embedded platform, with focus on embedded side, targeted for end-to-end feature development of #HeyMercedes use-cases. You will closely work with the platform users (Voice UX Designers/Developers and SW Engineers) to continuously improve the platform to best fit their needs by optimizing workflows and introducing desired features. You will work in a cross-functional agile team and closely collaborate with other platform teams to provide the ideal developer experience for all feature development team.

## Your Profile

<strong>Education:</strong><br><ul><li>Degree in Computer Science, Information Technology, or in a comparable qualification</li></ul> <strong>Experience: </strong> <br><ul><li>At least 3-4 years of experience as a Software Engineer developing applications running on embedded devices. </li><li>Experience in using programming languages like C++, Python, and preferably Go &amp; Java.</li><li>Hands-on experience developing or contributing to large complex systems.</li><li>Familiarity with build tools (CMake) and CI/CD tools (GitLab CI, Azure DevOps) &amp; practices and containerization technologies (Docker).</li><li>Knowledge of Test-Driven development practices and experience in Test Automation tools and infrastructure.</li><li>Experience of working with multiple engineering teams, steering product direction from discovery to delivery with a strong customer focus.</li><li>Good understanding of Agile practices and Scrum methodology and common modern development tools.   </li></ul><strong>Nice to have: </strong><br><ul><li>Familiarity with industry standard voice assistants such as Alexa or Google Assistant</li><li>Familiarity with the Azure platform and Kubernetes</li><li>Experience with in-vehicle infotainment systems</li><li>Experience with speech dialog systems and/or Natural Language Understanding </li></ul> <strong>Personal skills: </strong><br><ul><li>Agile mindset and driven by persistence and passion</li><li>Excellent communication and teamwork skills</li><li>Positive, proactive and enjoy working in a cross-functional team.</li><li>Proficiency in problem solving and troubleshooting engineering tasks</li><li>Ability to handle multiple competing priorities in fast-paced environment</li><li>Personal initiative, commitment, perseverance and resilience</li><li>Fluent in English, German proficiency is a plus</li></ul>

## Why us?

<ul><li>A chance to work on a new generation of Infotainment System, which will power millions of cars</li><li>An international, interdisciplinary innovation lab, which is part of the Mercedes-Benz</li><li>Agile working methods and open feedback culture </li><li>A brand new modern and fully accessible office facing the Spree</li><li>Flexible working hours </li><li>Transportation and health benefits, discounts on cars, free coffee and fruits and more</li></ul>

## Interested?

We look forward to receiving your complete application, including CV (in English) and relevant references with the following information: <br><ul><li>Job title and reference number </li><li>Salary expectations </li><li>Earliest start date </li></ul>You don't bring everything with you? Don't worry, MBition is proud of our diverse workforce and passionate about having MBitioneers from all backgrounds and perspectives. MBition is and always will be an equal opportunity employer. We are looking for employees who convince us above all with their personality and passionately motivated to join the team!<br>We would like to encourage people with health impairments to apply to our jobs! Our building and workplaces offer the possibilities to adjust to different employee requirements.<br> <br><br>