<div class="content-intro"><p><strong>Secure Every Identity, from AI to Human<br><br></strong>Identity is the key to unlocking the potential of AI. Okta secures AI by building the trusted, neutral infrastructure that enables organizations to safely embrace this new era. This work requires a relentless drive to solve complex challenges with real-world stakes. We are looking for builders and owners who operate with speed and urgency and execute with excellence.<br><br>This is an opportunity to do career-defining work. We're all in on this mission. If you are too, let's talk.</p></div><p data-renderer-start-pos="1" data-local-id="7e483e6cc019"><strong data-renderer-mark="true">About the Team</strong></p>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="17" data-local-id="8a935164b1e2">This role joins the 'Technology Data Intelligence' organization and plays a critical part in realizing our vision to accelerate the delivery of business outcomes across Okta by driving clarity, collaboration, and accountability in everything we do. We enable the broader TDI organization in the mission to “Accelerate Okta’s Scale and Growth”.</p>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="362" data-local-id="fb2ec4d3c90c">Our team offers integration Engineering services that enable seamless connection and communication among various applications within Okta’s IT ecosystem. This ensures a unified, efficient environment where different systems work together to achieve our broader business goals.</p>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="640" data-local-id="5acaae296a29">As a <strong data-renderer-mark="true">Staff Software Engineer</strong> from the&nbsp;global<strong data-renderer-mark="true"> Integration Engineering team</strong>&nbsp;which spans across the US and India, you’ll provide technical leadership, write hands-on code, and mentor peers while shaping Integration capabilities that empower Okta.</p>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="887" data-local-id="1f194c17fabc"><strong data-renderer-mark="true">What you'll do :&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li data-renderer-start-pos="908" data-local-id="6d8a65780c6d">Lead the design, development, and optimization of scalable cloud solutions using AWS, advanced databases, and infrastructure as code (Terraform).</li>
<li data-renderer-start-pos="1057" data-local-id="3f794678de82">Develop and maintain applications using Kotlin, Java, Node.js, and React, ensuring robust testing and front-end scalability.</li>
<li data-renderer-start-pos="1185" data-local-id="051929be3fb6">Collaborate daily with US counterparts to align on architecture, share roadmaps, and ensure global consistency.</li>
<li data-renderer-start-pos="1300" data-local-id="07d7f3d64b97">Stay updated on AI advancements to enhance project outcomes and drive innovation through Proof of Concepts (POCs).</li>
<li data-renderer-start-pos="1418" data-local-id="45f6e831e859">Coach and support a geographically dispersed team, fostering skill development and technological mastery.</li>
<li data-renderer-start-pos="1527" data-local-id="3e8e31cb7bdc">Maintain clear and accurate technical documentation for internal and external stakeholders.</li>
</ul>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="1622" data-local-id="d9312892d479"><strong data-renderer-mark="true">What we are looking for:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li data-renderer-start-pos="1650" data-local-id="e8d3110ca5d7">Technical Expertise: 8+ years of hands-on development and design experience with AWS services (Lambda, EventBridge, SQS &amp; SNS, API Gateway, DynamoDB, Secrets Manager, EC2, AppFlow, Step Functions, Kinesis) and database technologies (PostgreSQL, DynamoDB).</li>
<li data-renderer-start-pos="1909" data-local-id="9fd9efae6016">Programming &amp; Tools: Proficient in Kotlin, with experience in Java, Node.js, Python, and familiarity with TypeScript and React. Skilled in Terraform, JUnit, and Mockito. Experience with AI technologies is a plus.</li>
<li data-renderer-start-pos="2125" data-local-id="8a505c71779b">Leadership &amp; Development: Influences design, implementation, and support of business POCs. Coaches and develops individuals, with experience in geographically dispersed teams.</li>
<li data-renderer-start-pos="2304" data-local-id="2341c7996ff2">DevOps &amp; Lifecycle Management: Manages full application lifecycle, including development, deployment, and scaling. Configures and manages GitLab Runners for automated workflows.</li>
<li data-renderer-start-pos="2485" data-local-id="295926e0bc42">Strong communication and collaboration skills to work effectively across&nbsp;time zones and global teams.</li>
</ul>
<p>#Hybrid\_Bengaluru</p>
<p>LI\_Linkedin</p>
<p># P8396\_3395775</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong><br>The Okta Experience</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><a href="http://rewards.okta.com">Supporting Your Well-Being</a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="https://www.okta.com/company/okta-for-good/">Driving Social Impact&nbsp;</a></li>
<li><a href="https://www.okta.com/company/talent-connection-community/">Developing Talent and Fostering Connection + Community</a></li>
</ul>
<p>We are intentional about connection. Our global community, spanning over 20 offices worldwide, is united by a drive to innovate. Your journey begins with an immersive, in-person onboarding experience designed to accelerate your impact and connect you to our mission and team from day one.<br><br>Okta is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, marital status, age, physical or mental disability, or status as a protected veteran. We also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and convictions records, consistent with applicable laws.<br><br>If reasonable accommodation is needed to complete any part of the job application, interview process, or onboarding please&nbsp;<a href="https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1EfiEYZrIyhA2X4Fijk0R3RKYOzNoS3wtvyM4nhbZnXE/edit">use this Form</a> to request an accommodation.<br><br>Notice for New York City Applicants &amp; Employees: Okta may use Automated Employment Decision Tools (AEDT), as defined by New York City Local Law 144, that use artificial intelligence, machine learning, or other automated processes to assist in our recruitment and hiring process. In accordance with NYC Local Law 144, if you are an applicant or employee residing in New York City, please&nbsp;<a href="https://talent.okta.com/new-york-city-aedt-notice.html">click here</a> to view our full NYC AEDT Notice.<br><br>Okta is committed to complying with applicable data privacy and security laws and regulations. For more information, please see our Personnel and Job Candidate Privacy Notice at&nbsp;<a href="https://www.okta.com/legal/personnel-policy/">https://www.okta.com/legal/personnel-policy/</a>.</p></div>