<div class="content-intro"><p class="p1"><strong>At POWERX, our people are at the heart of everything we do.</strong> From testing and commissioning to engineering and compliance, every service we provide plays a vital role in powering safe, reliable, and efficient systems.</p>
<p class="p1">As the nation’s leading provider of comprehensive power solutions, we foster a culture of integrity, respect, and teamwork. In an ever-evolving industry, our mission is to help businesses optimize system performance, ensure safety and compliance, and drive operational excellence through innovation and accountability.</p>
<p class="p1">Whether you're an experienced professional or launching your career, POWERX provides an environment where you can grow, make an impact, and build a lasting legacy.</p></div><p>&nbsp;</p>
<p id="isPasted"><strong>ABOUT US&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>At POWERX, we take pride in being the premier provider of comprehensive power services, ensuring that power systems operate efficiently and reliably. Our commitment to quality and excellence is evident in our field services, engineering and consulting expertise, and adherence to certifications and regulations. Safety and performance are at the forefront of our integrated approach.&nbsp;</p>
<p>We are a people-first company, valuing integrity, respect, and teamwork. Our mission is to empower businesses by optimizing system performance, ensuring safety and compliance, and driving operational excellence with innovative solutions. At POWERX, we offer a dynamic environment where both experienced professionals and newcomers can grow, make an impact, and build a legacy.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Our vision is to lead the future of power systems with cutting-edge technology, sustainable practices, and a relentless focus on customer success. We are dedicated to expanding our expertise, locations, and services while maintaining our people-first philosophy. Partnering with POWERX means gaining a trusted team of passionate experts committed to delivering value and fostering lasting relationships. Join us in making power work for our clients and the communities we serve!&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>OUR POWERX PERKS&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul type="disc">
<li>Competitive Pay</li>
<li>Incentives for Certifications</li>
<li>Referral Bonus Program</li>
<li>Tuition Reimbursement</li>
<li>Medical, dental, vision, LTD, STD, Basic Life/AD&amp;D, and other ancillary products</li>
<li>401k program with a company match</li>
<li>Performance Program</li>
<li>Paid Parental Leave</li>
<li>PTO including Wellness Days and Paid Holidays</li>
<li>And much more!</li>
</ul>
<p id="isPasted"><strong>Job Summary:<br></strong></p>
<p>The Field Service Technician (NETA 3) serves as a project lead technician. This role involves performing moderately complex inspections, tests, and measurements, data collection, and testing for de-energized locked out/tagged out equipment. The technician is responsible for setting up and removing test equipment, record keeping, safety of others, switching, evaluations, safety grounding, interacting with other skills and operations, supervising technicians, writing reports, and performing troubleshooting.</p>
<p><strong>Supervisory Responsibilities:<br></strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Mentor Project Co-Lead Technician and NETA field technicians assigned to projects.</li>
<li>Responsible for project success from start to finish, including the final report.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Duties/Responsibilities:</strong></p>
<p>Moderate/Advanced Measurements</p>
<ul>
<li>Perform moderate to advanced electrical measurements.</li>
<li>Collect and record data accurately.</li>
</ul>
<p>Project Management</p>
<ul>
<li>Lead and manage projects, ensuring successful execution from start to finish.</li>
<li>Supervise and mentor project co-lead technicians and field technicians.</li>
</ul>
<p>Report Writing</p>
<ul>
<li>Write detailed reports on test results and findings.</li>
<li>Ensure reports are accurate and submitted in a timely manner.</li>
</ul>
<p>Test Equipment&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>Assist in setting up and removing test equipment for various testing activities.</li>
<li>Ensure proper handling and storage of equipment.</li>
<li>Maintain cleanliness of test equipment and work areas.</li>
<li>Ensure tools and equipment are kept in good condition.</li>
</ul>
<p>Additional responsibilities and tasks as required to support the organization's goals and adapt to evolving business needs.</p>
<p><strong>Attributes/Abilities:<br></strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Must have a satisfactory background/MVR check.</li>
<li>Must pass a pre-employment, post-accident, reasonable suspicion, and/or random drug test.</li>
<li>Must have reliable transportation and possess a valid driver’s license.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Basic understanding of electrical theory.</li>
<li>Proficiency in Microsoft Office.</li>
<li>Interpersonal and social skills; strong customer service skills.</li>
<li>Excellent verbal and written communication.</li>
<li>Ability to prioritize tasks and attention to detail.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Experience and Education:<br></strong></p>
<ul>
<li>High school diploma/GED required, Associate’s degree from an accredited 2-year technical college or trade school preferred.</li>
<li id="isPasted">NETA certification level 3 preferred.</li>
<li>5+ years of experience.</li>
<li>OSHA 30-hour, MSHA, NFPA 70-E, CPR/First Aid/BBP/AED, Power DB training a plus.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Physical Requirements:<br></strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Ability to travel up to 50% of the time.</li>
<li>Ability and willingness to work occasional overtime as needed.</li>
<li>Ability to lift up to 50 pounds.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Must wear appropriate and mandated PPE including arc-flash suit, safety glasses, hard hat, respirator, hearing protection, steel-toed boots, etc.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Ability to walk, stand, climb, pull, push, sit, and work in a cramped or confined space.</li>
<li>Potential low exposure to various conditions, including dirt, heat, fumes, smoke, water, noise, vibration, grease, oil, and dust.&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>POWERX is</strong><strong> an equal opportunity employer, and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment</strong><strong> without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws.</strong></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>