<div class="content-intro"><p>From Fivetran’s founding until now, our mission has remained the same: to make access to data as simple and reliable as electricity. With Fivetran, customer data arrives in their warehouses, canonical and ready to query, with no engineering or maintenance required. We’re proud that more organizations continue to leverage our technology every day to become truly data-driven.</p></div><p><span style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;"><strong>About the Role</strong></span></p>
<p><span style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">Fivetran is building data pipelines to power the modern data stack for thousands of companies.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">As a Revenue Operations Manager, APAC at Fivetran, you will play a pivotal role in driving our company's revenue growth by providing data-driven insights to support our Asia Pacific (APAC) sales strategy. You will focus on analyzing sales data, identifying trends, and developing actionable recommendations to optimize sales efforts and improve customer acquisition and retention. Together with the APAC revenue leaders, you will design the roadmap for the rapidly growing APAC team to achieve their revenue growth targets.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">This is a high visibility role within the organization with an incredible opportunity to drive impact and value quickly. The ideal candidate will be comfortable working in a fast-paced environment and adapting to changing priorities.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">This is a full-time position based out of our Sydney office. Our hybrid work model offers a blend of remote flexibility and in-person collaboration, including two days in the office each week to connect and build as a team.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;"><strong>What You’ll Do</strong></span></p>
<ul>
<li style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;"><span style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">Serve as the business and thought partner to the Managing Director of APAC to design and execute on the GTM strategy, adjusting course as needed in service of hitting our targets consistently and efficiently.</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;"><span style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">Proactively identify business challenges and opportunities through data analysis, stakeholder interviews and process reviews, and devise practical, creative solutions to address them.</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;"><span style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">Roll up your sleeves to execute those solutions and measure the impact.</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;"><span style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">Lead regional funnel and forecast calls to ensure accountability and identify trends and any gaps in our GTM motion. Work cross-functionally to make our successes the norm and to close any gaps.&nbsp;</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;"><span style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">Communicate and partner collaboratively with all levels within the organization to help drive revenue operations initiatives.&nbsp;</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;"><span style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">Prioritize multiple high visibility/impact initiatives across multiple stakeholders to ensure we are meeting/exceeding our objectives.&nbsp;</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;"><span style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">Partner with Analytics, Revenue Operations, GTM Enablement, Legal, Product, and Finance leaders to ensure the APAC business has the resources needed to hit their revenue targets.</span></li>
</ul>
<p><span style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;"><strong>Skills We’re Looking For</strong></span></p>
<ul>
<li style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;"><span style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">5+ years of experience in sales/revenue operations/strategy at a B2B SaaS company, including 2+ years supporting Enterprise Sales in APAC; Experience at a consumption based company is a plus.</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;"><span style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">Business acumen (how KPIs and health metrics interact, how to influence them) and data literacy (comfortable pulling data and building models to derive insights)</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;"><span style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">Comfortable with A/B testing and measuring the success of experiments</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;"><span style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">You think like an entrepreneur, demonstrate incredible ownership/initiative, and have a track record of making data-driven decisions and leading multiple concurrent cross-functional initiatives from inception to successful and timely completion.</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;"><span style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">Strategic mindset and problem-solving skills; ability to structure ambiguous problems and balance creativity and practicality when solutioning</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;"><span style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">You gain the trust of key stakeholders by actively listening and seeking to understand their views and needs. Consistently demonstrates respect and appreciation for others by empathizing, valuing their time and contributions, being available and responsive to their needs. Equally comfortable interacting with all levels within the organization, particularly Commercial, Enterprise, and Product Senior Leaders.&nbsp;</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;"><span style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">You have experience with the levers of sales/customer success/alliances/marketing operations and with systems/tools including Salesforce, and Looker/Tableau. SQL knowledge is a plus.&nbsp;</span></li>
</ul>
<p><span style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">#LI-LA1<br>#LI-HYBRID </span></p><div class="content-conclusion"><p>&nbsp;</p>
<p class="p-rich\_text\_section" style="line-height: 1.3;"><strong data-stringify-type="bold">Perks and Benefits</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>100% employer-paid medical insurance<strong>\*</strong></li>
<li>Generous paid time-off policy (PTO), plus paid sick time, inclusive parental leave policy, holidays, and volunteer days off</li>
<li>RSU stock grants\*</li>
<li>Professional development and training opportunities</li>
<li>Company virtual happy hours, free food, and fun team-building activities</li>
<li>Monthly cell phone stipend</li>
<li>Access to an innovative mental health support platform that offers personalized care and resources in areas such as: therapy, coaching, and self-guided mindfulness exercises for all covered employees and their covered dependents.</li>
</ul>
<p style="line-height: 1.3;"><em><strong>\*</strong>May vary by country and worker type - please reach out to your recruiter for more information</em></p>
<p style="line-height: 1.3;"><em>Click <a href="https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1CdawUwjo1Q1B7ghZJ\_owdmmHB8VtqhBu?usp=sharing" target="\_blank">here</a> to learn more about Fivetran's Benefits by Region.</em></p>
<hr>
<p style="line-height: 1.3;">We’re honored to be <a class="c-link" href="https://fivetran.com/blog/hvr-acquisition-series-d" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://fivetran.com/blog/hvr-acquisition-series-d" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">valued at over $5.6 billion</a>, but more importantly, we’re proud of our&nbsp;<a class="c-link" href="https://fivetran.com/culture" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://fivetran.com/culture" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">core values of Get Stuck In, Do the Right Thing, and One Team, One Dream</a>. Read about us in&nbsp;<a class="c-link" href="https://fivetran-com.s3.amazonaws.com/news/forbes-aug-sept-2022-digital-reprint-10-21-22.pdf" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://fivetran-com.s3.amazonaws.com/news/forbes-aug-sept-2022-digital-reprint-10-21-22.pdf" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">Forbes</a>.&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;</p>
<p style="line-height: 1.3;">Fivetran brings together high-quality talent across the globe to make data access as easy and reliable as electricity for our customers. We value and recognize that our customers benefit from having innovative teams made of people from many backgrounds, experiences, and identities. Fivetran promotes diversity, equity, inclusion &amp; belonging through attracting, recruiting, developing, and retaining a diverse workforce, not only because it is the right thing to do, but because it helps us build a world-class company to better serve our customers, our people and our communities.</p>
<p style="line-height: 1.3;">To learn more about Fivetran’s culture and what it’s like to be part of the team, <a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xlhtp4dGh8o" target="\_blank">click here</a> and enjoy our video.</p>
<p style="line-height: 1.3;">To learn more about our candidate privacy policy, you can <a href="https://fivetran.com/candidate-privacy" target="\_blank">read our statement here</a>.</p>
<hr>
<p style="line-height: 1.3;"><em>We are committed to ensuring that all candidates have an equal opportunity to participate in our interview process. If you require accommodations at any stage of the process due to a disability, medical condition, or any other circumstance, please don't hesitate to submit your request by filling out this <a href="https://forms.gle/V7k3t4u9j523XkEt6">form</a>. We will work with you to provide reasonable accommodations to facilitate your participation and ensure a fair and accessible interview experience. Your request and any information provided will be kept confidential and will not impact your candidacy. We look forward to hearing from you and accommodating your needs to the best of our ability.</em></p></div>