<p>Datadog is seeking an extremely talented professional to drive product strategy, source, manage, and execute acquisitions, source venture investments. You will be a key partner to Datadog’s founders and startup founders and highly visible at the most senior levels of Datadog. The group reports directly to the CEO.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>We are looking for an innovative and strategic thinker who is passionate about Datadog and the future of cloud services. The ideal candidate enjoys driving new product development ideas, likes to “roll up sleeves and get hands dirty”, is hungry for more responsibility, and puts the company’s interests first. Superb negotiation skills (or willingness to develop them) are essential. This role includes managing relationships that may be unconventional in nature and have broad implications across Datadog. The team is small and values authentic, strong-willed individuals who think creatively and proactively.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>The ideal candidate will research and generate ideas for new markets to enter, prioritize objectives and plan internal activity, drive due diligence and valuation analysis, spearhead term sheet and contract negotiations, create and present strategic documents and recommendations, and support integration by partnering with key leaders.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><em>At Datadog, we place value in our office culture - the relationships and collaboration it builds, and the creativity it brings to the table. We operate as a hybrid workplace to ensure our Datadogs can create a work-life harmony that best fits them.</em></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>What You’ll Do:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Develop a deep understanding of Datadog’s products and potential new markets for further expansion</li>
<li>Identify opportunities for M&amp;A and Datadog Ventures through direct engagement with senior business leaders, entrepreneurs, and venture capitalists</li>
<li>Work closely with senior product and engineering leaders to assess potential acquisitions and investments</li>
<li>Partner with business and product teams to comprehensively assess expansion opportunities and build internal and external consensus</li>
<li>Lead all pre-transaction diligence efforts</li>
<li>Identify value creation opportunities and risks in potential transactions</li>
<li>Bring transactions over the finish line</li>
<li>Engage with the startup community, early-stage VCs, and key internal stakeholders Play a critical role in negotiating large, highly-complex partnerships with the major cloud hyperscalers</li>
<li>Work with cross-functional groups within Datadog, including Product, Operations, Engineering, Legal, Finance, Tax, and Accounting teams</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Who You Are:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Demonstrated technical knowledge via either work experience (as a software engineer/product manager/VC/etc.) or through a Computer Science (or equivalent) degree, is required.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Some experience in financial modeling, forecasting, analysis, and financial reporting.</li>
<li>Capable of building and maintaining a network of relationships to facilitate deal flow</li>
<li>Self-starter who excels in technically-demanding, fast-paced, and fluid environments</li>
<li>Ability to prioritize multiple stakeholders and projects with limited resources</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><em>Datadog values people from all walks of life. We understand not everyone will meet all the above qualifications on day one. That's okay. If you’re passionate about technology and want to grow your skills, we encourage you to apply.</em></p>
<p><strong>Benefits and Growth:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Generous and competitive<a href="https://www.datadoghq.com/global-benefits/"> global</a> benefits</li>
<li>New hire stock equity (RSUs) and employee stock purchase plan</li>
<li>Continuous career development and pathing opportunities&nbsp;</li>
<li>Product training to develop an in-depth understanding of our product and space</li>
<li>Best in breed onboarding</li>
<li>Internal mentor and buddy program cross-departmentally</li>
<li>Friendly and inclusive workplace culture</li>
</ul>
<p><em>Benefits and Growth listed above may vary based on the country of your employment and the nature of your employment with Datadog.</em></p>
<p style="color: white;">#LI-Hybrid</p><div class="content-conclusion"><hr>
<p><strong>About Datadog:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>Datadog (NASDAQ: DDOG) is a global SaaS business, delivering a rare combination of growth and profitability. We are on a mission to break down silos and solve complexity in the cloud age by enabling digital transformation, cloud migration, and infrastructure monitoring of our customers’ entire technology stacks. Built by engineers, for engineers, Datadog is used by organizations of all sizes across a wide range of industries. Together, we champion professional development, diversity of thought, innovation, and work excellence to empower continuous growth. Join the pack and become part of a collaborative, pragmatic, and thoughtful people-first community where we solve tough problems, take smart risks, and celebrate one another. Learn more about #DatadogLife on <a href="https://www.instagram.com/datadoghq/?hl=en" target="\_blank">Instagram</a>, <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/company/datadog" target="\_blank">LinkedIn,</a> and <a href="https://learn.datadoghq.com/" target="\_blank">Datadog Learning Center. </a></p>
<hr>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="215"><strong data-renderer-mark="true">Equal Opportunity at Datadog:</strong></p>
<p>Datadog is proud to offer <a href="https://www.eeoc.gov/sites/default/files/2023-06/22-088\_EEOC\_KnowYourRights6.12ScreenRdr.pdf" target="\_blank">equal employment opportunity</a> to everyone regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity, veteran status, and other characteristics protected by law. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. Here are our <a href="https://www.datadoghq.com/legal/candidate-legal-notices/" target="\_blank">Candidate Legal Notices</a> for your reference.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Datadog endeavors to make our Careers Page accessible to all users. If you would like to contact us regarding the accessibility of our website or need assistance completing the application process, please complete <a href="https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSeoJeduEZ2NdZF\_65uZmWUrCM-zee7yADXX1s6Xr9zAGq8iKA/viewform" target="\_blank">this form</a>. This form is for accommodation requests only and cannot be used to inquire about the status of applications.&nbsp;</p>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="662"><strong data-renderer-mark="true">Privacy and AI Guidelines:</strong></p>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="662">Any information you submit to Datadog as part of your application will be processed in accordance with Datadog’s&nbsp;<a class="c-link" href="https://www.datadoghq.com/legal/applicant-candidate-privacy/" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://www.datadoghq.com/legal/applicant-candidate-privacy/" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">Applicant and Candidate Privacy Notice</a>. For information on our AI policy, please visit <a href="https://www.datadoghq.com/legal/interviewing-at-datadog-ai-guidelines/" target="\_blank">Interviewing at Datadog AI Guidelines</a>.</p></div>