## Your Mission

MBition is bringing the automotive industry into the future by building a new generation of infotainment platform that is reusable and hardware agnostic, as well as its implementation into our actual car lines. By implementing interfaces that future drivers will engage with, from sitting in their cars, planning their journey to choosing their favorite music and many more.<br>To fuel this mission, we are looking for ambitious, enthusiastic and driven minds to help build the state of the art software that pushes our innovation further.<br>As a 100% subsidiary of Mercedes-Benz AG that has been perfecting the art of moving people, products and services from point A to point B, for more than 120 years. With an international team of over 650 Employees, who value quality, creativity and believe in teamwork. Together we create passionate technology on exciting topics that include navigation, infotainment systems, location-based services, user experience and interaction. Let’s shape the future!

## Sneak preview of your future tasks

As a member of the Connected Services UI team in Berlin, you will develop cloud-connected in-vehicle applications for the Mercedes-Benz Infotainment System.<br><br>Working in an agile team, you will be responsible for designing, documenting, implementing, integrating, and testing customer-facing features within the infotainment system.<br><br>Development will primarily involve QML, Golang, C++, and Android development, leveraging modern tools, technologies, and engineering best practices to build high-performance in-vehicle applications.<br>Additionally, you will collaborate with internal and external stakeholders, including UX designers, to coordinate technical implementations and development activities.

## Your Profile

Education:<br>· Degree in Computer Science, Information Technology or a comparable degree<br><br>Experience:<br>· Strong experience in QML and C++ for embedded or in-vehicle applications.<br>· Experience in System architecture, API design and best practices in software development<br>· Familiarity with cloud API integration for client-backend communication.<br><br>Nice to have:<br>· Knowledge of Android development, particularly in automotive or embedded systems<br>· Familiarity with Cloud Technologies (e.g. Microsoft Azure, Docker, Kubernetes)<br>· Experience in Infotainment Systems<br><br>Personal skills:<br>· Team-player having very good communication skills<br>· Self-organized and highly collaborative<br>· Open and outgoing personality<br>· Flexible and can-do attitude<br>· Continuous learning attitude<br><br>Language skills:<br>• Proficient in English. German is a plus.

## Why us?

• A chance to work on a new generation of Infotainment Systems, which will power millions of cars<br>• An international, interdisciplinary innovation lab, which is part of the Mercedes Benz AG<br>• Agile working methods and open feedback culture<br>• In our close collaboration with Inklupreneur we support people with disabilities and welcome everyone<br>• A brand new, modern, and barrier-free office building facing the Spree (Berlin Headquarters)<br>• Flexible working hours<br>• Mobility Budget, Healthcare Budget &amp; more benefits

## Interested?

We look forward to receiving your complete application, including CV (in English) and relevant references with the following information:<br><br>• Job title and reference number<br>• Salary expectations<br>• Earliest start date<br><br>You don't bring everything with you? Don't worry, MBition is proud of our diverse workforce and passionate about having MBitioneers from all backgrounds and perspectives. MBition is and always will be an equal opportunity employer. We are looking for employees who convince us above all with their personality and passionately motivated to join the team!<br>You are welcome to contact our representative for severely disabled employees, Anna Schade (anna.schade@mercedes-benz.com), who will support you in the further application proces<br><br>