<p>
  <strong>Headquarters:</strong> Remote - United States
</p>

<div class="job__description body"><div><div class="c-message_kit__blocks c-message_kit__blocks--rich_text"><br><div class="c-message__message_blocks c-message__message_blocks--rich_text"><br><div class="p-block_kit_renderer"><br><div class="p-block_kit_renderer__block_wrapper p-block_kit_renderer__block_wrapper--first"><br><div class="p-rich_text_block"><br><div class="p-rich_text_section">Reddit is a community of communities. It’s built on shared interests, passion, and trust, and is home to the most open and authentic conversations on the internet. Every day, Reddit users submit, vote, and comment on the topics they care most about. With 100,000+ active communities and approximately 116 million daily active unique visitors, Reddit is one of the internet’s largest sources of information. For more information, visit <a class="c-link" href="http://www.redditinc.com/">www.redditinc.com</a>.</div><br></div><br></div><br></div><br></div><br></div></div><div><p><strong>Location:<br></strong>Reddit has a flexible workforce! If you happen to live close to one of our physical office locations our doors are open for you to come into the office as often as you'd like. Don't live near one of our offices? No worries: You can apply to work remotely in any country in which we have a physical presence.</p><br><p><strong>Team Description: Brands Ads &amp; Brand Safety</strong><br>Reddit is poised to rapidly innovate and grow like no other time in its history. This is a unique opportunity to join the Reddit Brand ads team to shape the future of Upper Funnel advertising on the internet, and to help define the next chapter of innovation in Safety &amp; Suitability. As a key member of this fast-growing team, you will have lots of ownership and impact on the next generation of Upper funnel advertiser solutions.&nbsp;</p><br><p><strong>Role Description:</strong><br>We are looking for a PM to drive brand safety &amp; suitability, and key areas in on Brand Ads business. Brand Ads is a key investment area for Reddit and this role will be shaping this. You will develop the vision, strategy, and roadmap for the area. You will work closely with multiple teams across ads (examples: formats, ads marketplace, measurement etc.) to build solutions that help brand advertisers succeed. &nbsp;Furthermore, you will partner closely with cross-functional teams including engineering, design, data science, sales, marketing, and external partners to build world-class products that deliver value for both advertisers and Reddit users. Additionally, this role will help build next generation brand safety products, helping brands advertise safely on Reddit.</p><br><p><strong>Responsibilities:</strong></p><br><ul><br><li>Product Strategy &amp; vision: Define and own the long-term vision and strategy for Upper funnel ads products &amp; Brand Safety, aligning it with broader business goals and market trends in the industry.</li><br><li>Requirements gathering: Gather insights from advertisers, users, and sales to understand their pain points and needs. Translate these insights into innovative Brand ads products that drive brand awareness, optimize CPMs, and uphold safety &amp; suitability on our platform.</li><br><li>Leadership: Be the champion of Reddit’s Brand Ads &amp; Safety products. Drive energy and excitement for the product area within the organization and help all cross-functional teams deliver holistic solutions that make advertisers successful.</li><br><li>Roadmap Ownership: Build and scale solutions that leverage Reddit’s unique DNA. Develop, prioritize, maintain, and execute the product roadmap for your area of ownership across all Reddit teams, balancing short-term wins with long-term innovation.</li><br><li>Driving execution: Choose success metrics, set goals, and create accountability within the company. Help them deliver against the roadmap.</li><br><li>Cross-Functional Collaboration: Work closely with engineering, data science, design, user research, sales, marketing, legal, and other teams to ensure smooth product development. Act as the glue that keeps stakeholders aligned and on track.</li><br><li>Communication: As a senior member of the Product Management team and the product owner of a core ads area, you’ll regularly communicate across functions and the entire ads team, including presenting to senior executives.</li><br></ul><br><p><strong>Required Qualifications:</strong></p><br><ul><br><li>4+ years of product management experience, with at least 4 years within AdTech</li><br><li>Experience testing &amp; developing innovative Brand ads ideas &nbsp;</li><br><li>Experience driving strategy with Machine Learning based AdTech products</li><br><li>A track record of developing and championing product strategy and vision with quantifiable business impact</li><br><li>A compelling influencer with strong communication and interpersonal skills.</li><br><li>Exceptional analytical and problem-solving skills.</li><br><li>Strong organizational and execution skills.</li><br><li>Experience working across multiple XFN teams to drive alignment and product roadmap</li><br><li>Technical degree (computer science, engineering, mathematics, economics or related field)</li><br></ul><br><p><strong>Preferred Qualifications:</strong></p><br><ul><br><li>0-1 Growth experience</li><br><li>Proven experience working on large initiatives, across teams, and on highly cross-functional products</li><br><li>6+ years of product management experience in a technology company</li><br></ul><br><p><strong>Benefits:</strong></p><br><ul><br><li>Comprehensive Healthcare Benefits and Income Replacement Programs</li><br><li>401k with Employer Match</li><br><li>Global Benefit programs that fit your lifestyle, from workspace to professional development to caregiving support</li><br><li>Family Planning Support</li><br><li>Gender-Affirming Care</li><br><li>Mental Health &amp; Coaching Benefits</li><br><li>Flexible Vacation &amp; Paid Volunteer Time Off</li><br><li>Generous Paid Parental Leave&nbsp;</li><br></ul></div><div class="job__pay-ranges"><div class="pay-range"><div class="description"><div class="body"><span><p><strong>Pay Transparency:</strong></p><br><p>This job posting may span more than one career level.</p><br><p>In addition to base salary, this job is eligible to receive equity in the form of restricted stock units, and depending on the position offered, it may also be eligible to receive a commission. Additionally, Reddit offers a wide range of benefits to U.S.-based employees, including medical, dental, and vision insurance, 401(k) program with employer match, generous time off for vacation, and parental leave. To learn more, please visit <a href="https://www.redditinc.com/careers/">https://www.redditinc.com/careers/</a>.</p><br><p>To provide greater transparency to candidates, we share base pay ranges for all US-based job postings regardless of state. We set standard base pay ranges for all roles based on function, level, and country location, benchmarked against similar stage growth companies. Final offer amounts are determined by multiple factors including, skills, depth of work experience and relevant licenses/credentials, and may vary from the amounts listed below.</p></span></div></div><p class="body body--medium">The base pay range for this position is:</p><p class="body">$190,800 - $267,100 USD</p></div></div><div><p>In select roles and locations, the interviews will be recorded, transcribed and summarized by artificial intelligence (AI). You will have the opportunity to opt out of recording, transcription and summarization prior to any scheduled interviews.</p><br><p><span>During the interview, we will collect the following categories of personal information: Identifiers, Professional and Employment-Related Information, Sensory Information (audio/video recording), and any other categories of personal information you choose to share with us. We will use this information to evaluate your application for employment or an independent contractor role, as applicable.&nbsp; We will not sell your personal information or disclose it to any third party for their marketing purposes.&nbsp; We will delete any recording of your interview promptly after making a hiring decision.&nbsp; For more information about how we will handle your personal information, including our retention of it, please refer to our <a href="https://redditinc.com/policies/candidate-privacy-policy">Candidate Privacy Policy for Potential Employees and Contractors</a>.</span></p><br><p><em><span>Reddit is proud to be an equal opportunity employer, and is committed to building a workforce representative of the diverse communities we serve.&nbsp; Reddit is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in our job application procedures. If, due to a disability, you need an accommodation during the interview process, please let your recruiter know.</span></em></p></div></div>

<p><strong>To apply:</strong> <a href="https://weworkremotely.com/remote-jobs/reddit-senior-product-manager-brand-ads-safety">https://weworkremotely.com/remote-jobs/reddit-senior-product-manager-brand-ads-safety</a></p>