<p>
  <strong>Headquarters:</strong> US-Remote
</p>

<p>At Instructure, we believe in the power of people to grow and succeed throughout their lives. Our goal is to amplify that power by creating intuitive products that simplify learning and personal development, facilitate meaningful relationships, and inspire people to go further in their education and careers. We do this by giving smart, creative, passionate people  opportunities to create awesome.&nbsp;</p><p><br></p><p>And that's where you come in:</p><p><br></p><p><br></p><p>As a Principal Product Specialist within the Center of Excellence at Instructure, you will play a vital role in supporting our account and customer-facing teams throughout the entire customer lifecycle for your assigned category. You will act as a resource for sales, product, and customer success, ensuring a seamless experience for our clients. This role requires an in-depth understanding of our products and the product category you'll be representing. Your responsibilities will involve leveraging insights from various sources including product, marketing, product marketing, and customer needs to bolster sales strategies and optimize customer activation.</p>\n<p></p><p><br></p><b>What you will do:</b><ul><li>Go-to-Market Support: You will be a point of contact for sales and customer success teams for your assigned product category.</li><li>Customer Engagement: Support the building and maintaining of strong relationships with customers, serving as a point of contact for the CX organization, supporting their needs, inquiries, and providing expert guidance on the solutions offered by Instructure.</li><li>Sales Support: Collaborate closely with the sales team, providing product knowledge, sales materials, and strategic insights to help drive the sales process and meet revenue targets both at the market level and at times regional and account levels</li><li>Product Expertise: Develop a deep understanding of the products and services within your assigned category, keeping up-to-date with the latest updates, features, and industry trends.</li><li>Solution Development: Work alongside the product and product marketing teams to identify customer needs and develop tailored solutions that address these requirements.</li><li>Strategic Planning: Contribute and build sales strategies, offering insights and recommendations based on customer feedback and market trends.</li><li>Cross-functional Collaboration: Collaborate with various internal teams, including product development, marketing, and customer support, to align strategies and ensure a unified customer experience.</li></ul><p><br></p><b>What you will need to know/have:</b><ul><li>Proven experience in sales, product marketing, account management, or a customer success-related role.</li><li>Deep understanding of the product types in your category with strong content knowledge of and practical experience in assessment design, testing, and measurement in K-12, higher education, or the professional learning settings.&nbsp;</li><li>Ability to translate product information into a compelling value proposition for customers.</li><li>Strong problem-solving skills and a proactive approach to customer needs.</li></ul><p><br></p><b>It would be a bonus if you had:</b><ul><li>Familiarity or experience with Instructure products, including those in your category.</li><li>Experience in global markets</li></ul><p><br></p><b>Get in on all the awesome at Instructure!</b><ul><li>We offer competitive, meaningful benefits in every country where we operate. While they vary by location, here's a general idea of what you can expect:</li><li>Competitive compensation and participation in Instructure’s equity program</li><li>Flexible schedules and a remote-friendly culture, with hybrid or onsite work available in some regions for specific jobs.&nbsp;</li><li>Generous paid time off, including global holidays and our annual “Dim the Lights” company-wide shutdown from December 26 to December 31</li><li>Comprehensive wellness programs and mental health support</li><li>Annual learning and development stipends to support your growth</li><li>The technology and tools you need to do your best work—typically a Mac, with PC options available in some locations</li><li>Motivosity employee recognition program</li><li>A culture rooted in inclusivity, support, and meaningful connection</li></ul><p><br></p><p></p>\n<div>$160,000 - $180,000 a year</div><small><div>This range reflects our target hiring range, with flexibility based on experience, skills, and market factors.</div></small>\n<p>We’ve always believed in hiring the most awesome people and treating them right. We know that the more diverse we are, the more diverse our ideas will be — and when we openly welcome those ideas, our environment is better and our business is stronger.</p><p><br></p><p>At Instructure we participate in E-Verify and yes, in case you didn't catch it from the above, we are an Equal Opportunity Employer.</p><p><br></p><p>All Instructure employees are required to successfully pass a background check upon being hired.</p><p><br></p>

<p><strong>To apply:</strong> <a href="https://weworkremotely.com/remote-jobs/instructure-principal-product-specialist">https://weworkremotely.com/remote-jobs/instructure-principal-product-specialist</a></p>