<p>
  <strong>Headquarters:</strong> Germany, remote, hybrid or office
</p>

<div class="description-wrapper description-wrapper-shown" lang="en"><br><br><h5 class="detail-block-title">Einleitung</h5><br><div class="detail-block-description"><br>                        To strengthen our frontend team, we’re looking for a Frontend Engineer (m/f/d) with a DevOps focus either<strong>&nbsp;part-time (20–30 hours/week) or full-time at a junior level.</strong><br>You don’t just want to contribute, but actively shape the future development of Nitrado? Then you’ve come to the right place!<br>If you're passionate about combining modern web technologies with a future-ready infrastructure and enjoy working in an agile, dedicated team – we’d love to hear from you!<br>                    </div><br><br><br><h5 class="detail-block-title">Your mission</h5><br><div class="detail-block-description"><br><p>Develop and optimize modern web applications with a focus on performance and scalability<br>Work closely with UX/UI designers and backend teams to implement new features<br>Integrate and continuously improve CI/CD pipelines to automate development processes<br>Contribute to the ongoing development of our DevOps infrastructure (container orchestration, monitoring, deployment)<br>Evaluate and introduce new technologies and tools to continuously enhance our system landscape</p><br></div><br><br><br><h5 class="detail-block-title">Your profile</h5><br><div class="detail-block-description"><br><p>Advanced knowledge of JavaScript/TypeScript<br>Experience in developing large-scale JavaScript applications using Vue, React, or Angular<br>Proficient in responsive design and mobile-first concepts<br>Familiarity with common package managers and build tools<br>Solid understanding of CI/CD workflows to automate development and deployment processes<br>Experience with container technologies and orchestration tools such as Docker, Kubernetes (K8s), and Helm<br>Interest in exploring technologies beyond your primary tech stack e.g., in backend or infrastructure areas<br>Strong initiative, reliability, and sense of responsibility<br>Excellent teamwork and communication skills<br>Bonus: Experience with additional programming languages such as PHP</p><br></div><br><br><br><h5 class="detail-block-title">Your benefits</h5><br><div class="detail-block-description"><br><strong>Gaming at Heart:</strong> We provide free Nitrado Game Servers for gamers and a welcoming community for anyone who wants to feel at home, even if you're not a gamer. Discover how Nitrado is more than just gaming - an open community for technology and creativity.<br><strong>Flexible working hours:</strong> Tailor your work hours to your personal needs for a better work-life balance.<br><strong>Remote work:&nbsp;</strong>Our agile teams collaborate seamlessly from their preferred location, whether in our modern offices in Karlsruhe or Berlin or fully remote.<br><strong>Work from Abroad:&nbsp;</strong>Extend your workspace beyond national borders with our support for remote work from abroad, enabling you to work from your favorite international destinations while staying connected with your team.<br><strong>Mental Health:&nbsp;</strong>We support your mental well-being with our annual Mental Health Day and collaboration with psychologists and lifestyle experts.<br><strong>Physical Health:&nbsp;</strong>Our office infrastructure provides state-of-the-art workspaces with ergonomic design to enhance your health and productivity, while staying fit on your commute with your&nbsp;<strong>JobRad</strong>. Additionally, employees receive a generous&nbsp;<strong>subsidy&nbsp;</strong>for ergonomic home office furniture, ensuring optimal work conditions even when working remotely.<br><strong>Professional Development:</strong> Utilize training opportunities to develop and stay current with your skills.<br><strong>Company Pension Plan:&nbsp;</strong>We support your financial security for the future with an attractive contribution.<br><strong>Working Environment:</strong> You'll experience a respectful and friendly workplace culture, characterized by transparency and a family-like corporate culture.<br><strong>Vacation and Paid Time Off:&nbsp;</strong>Enjoy 30 days of vacation and additional paid leave for special occasions.<br><strong>International Collaboration:&nbsp;</strong>As an international company, we successfully overcome time zones and language barriers, providing you an international work atmosphere.<br><strong>Social Activities:&nbsp;</strong>Strengthen your commitment and team cohesion through team-building events, participating in sports events and social activities.<br><strong>Long-Term Stability:</strong> With over two decades of experience, we are a reliable employer for our employees.<br><strong>Well-being:&nbsp;</strong>Enjoy fresh cuisine and diverse catering options to ensure your physical well-being.<br><strong>Get together:&nbsp;</strong>Work hard, play hard - We come together twice a year for our company celebrations, strengthening our team bonds.<br><strong>Modern Workspaces:&nbsp;</strong>Our office infrastructure offers state-of-the-art workspaces with ergonomic design for your comfort and health.<br><strong>Corporate Culture and Values:</strong> You become part of a positive corporate culture that embraces values such as diversity and inclusion.<br>                        </div><br><br><br><h5 class="detail-block-title">About us</h5><br><div class="detail-block-description"><br><span>Nitrado is the world's leading game server hosting provider. With over 20 years of experience in hosting PC, Xbox and PlayStation game servers, we know exactly what it takes to provide our customers with the best possible gaming experience. Some of the most popular games in our portfolio include ARK, Minecraft, DayZ and Valheim. With our 10 globally distributed data centers, we are able to dynamically respond to market changes and optimally support our strong growth.</span><br><br><span><br><br></span><br></div><br><br></div>

<p><strong>To apply:</strong> <a href="https://weworkremotely.com/remote-jobs/marbis-frontend-devops-engineer-full-or-part-time-m-f-x">https://weworkremotely.com/remote-jobs/marbis-frontend-devops-engineer-full-or-part-time-m-f-x</a></p>