## Your mission

This is a techno-scientific role in the Climate Office at KAYA in which the responsible colleague will lead the conceptualisation and design of forest conservation and reforestation activities within larger landscape projects. They will be accountable for key topics like forest inventory, specie selection, nursery development, tree planting models, and silviculture. Their work will catalyse the implementation and management of the landscape projects. re. Their work will catalyse the implementation and management of the landscape projects. They will report to the Head of Climate and work closely with the Project Development Specialist and the Greenhouse Gas Accounting Specialist. Periodic travel to project sites for monitoring and evaluation will be an integral part of this role.

## Your responsibilities

<ul><li>Analyse forest landscapes and spatial trends under chosen jurisdictions together with earth observation engineers</li><li>Perform historical land cover and land use (LCLU) analysis and conduct baseline and project feasibility studies on select landscapes</li><li>Evaluate existing inventory data and management plans in conservation initiatives and propose enhancements or additions where necessary</li><li>Lead the design and monitoring of earthworks and planting in restoration initiatives</li><li>Lead the planning and development of nurseries and production of seedlings</li><li>Perform statistical analysis on field data and model tree growth and yield using peer-reviewed methods and tools</li><li>Develop maps, diagrams, and graphs to support analysis and documentation in various projects </li><li>Steer evaluation, documentation, and development of potential market value chains originating from project areas</li><li>Support Project Development Specialist(s) in developing project documents compliant to certification standards and programs</li></ul>

## Your profile

<ul><li>Deep understanding of forest ecosystems in tropical and sub-tropical climatic zones </li><li>Expertise in remote sensing technologies and GIS softwares </li><li>Knowledge of various global maps and satellite imagery data sets </li><li>Over five years of experience in designing, developing, and managing REDD+ and reforestation projects in tropical or sub-tropical countries with the potential to show samples of work done </li><li>Familiarity with multiple AFOLU methodologies under Verified Carbon Standard, Gold Standard, Equitable Earth and Isometric is a plus </li><li>Willingness to live and work in Berlin</li><li>Willingness to travel overseas for work, especially to sub-Saharan Africa</li><li>Possibility to contact former employers </li><li>In additional to English fluency, languages desired are Portuguese, French and/or Spanish </li><li>Education in forestry, GIS and/or landscape management is desirable </li><li>Knowledge of relevant scientific tools and methods is desirable </li><li>Knowledge of national regulations and policies regarding forest ecosystems in sub-Saharan African countries is a plus</li></ul>

## What we offer

<ul><li>We offer you a job with purpose through the opportunity to work for the planet and people.  </li><li>You get global exposure everyday through international colleagues and intercontinental work.  </li><li>You become part of an organisation in its early phase.  </li><li>You get to experience life in Berlin</li></ul>Please send us your latest CV along with a summary on why you would like to take this role on. In case of any questions to aid your application process, please write at <a href="mailto:work@kaya.global">work@kaya.global</a>.<br><br>We at KAYA stand for equal opportunities and recruit based on capability and performance. We welcome everyone who shares our passion and cares about contributing to our vision to hand in their application.