<div class="content-intro"><h3>ABOUT TIDE</h3>
<p>At Tide we help SMEs save time (and money) in the running of their businesses by not only offering business accounts and related banking services, but also a comprehensive set of highly usable and connected administrative solutions from invoicing to accounting.</p>
<p>Tide is transforming the small business banking market with over 1.8 million members globally across the UK, India, Germany and France.</p>
<p>Using advanced technology, all solutions are designed with SMEs in mind. With quick onboarding, low fees and innovative features, we thrive on making data-driven decisions to serve our mission: to help SMEs save both time (and money) so they can get back to doing what they love.</p>
<p><strong>Tide facts:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Tide is available for UK, Indian, German and French SMEs</li>
<li>Over 1.8 million members: 800,000 UK and 1,000,000 in India and growing rapidly</li>
<li>Over $300 million raised in funding</li>
<li>Over 2,500 Tideans globally - we’re diversity champions!</li>
<li>We have offices in Central London, with a member support and technology centre in Sofia, Bulgaria, technology centres in Serbia, Romania, Lithuania and Hyderabad and offices in Gurugram and New Delhi, and in Berlin, Paris and Luxembourg.</li>
</ul></div><h3>ABOUT THE TEAM<strong>&nbsp;</strong></h3>
<p>The Paid Plans Support Team at Tide provides top-tier phone support to paid members, fostering relationships and driving revenue. We prioritize customer needs, embrace challenges, and uphold high ethical standards. We seek proactive, reliable individuals who take ownership, demonstrate high energy, and contribute to our award-winning customer service.<br><br></p>
<h3>ABOUT THE ROLE&nbsp;</h3>
<p><strong>As a Member Support Smart Associate you’ll be:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Communicating daily with customers mainly over the phone.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Providing first-class support over chat and email based on capacity and voice volume;</li>
<li>Following established procedures and guidelines, but also participate in creating new processes or improving the existing ones;</li>
<li>Delivering a 5-star customer experience based on a set of pre-defined metrics (Customer Satisfaction, Volume Contribution, Quality Assurance);</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li>Getting to grips with tough banking challenges like unfamiliar transactions, missing payments, direct debits and other;</li>
<li>Helping mentor new members of the team, and support them with your wisdom and experience and help out with common back office tasks;</li>
<li>Monitoring the usage and identifying new opportunities based on customer feedback, segmentation, personas, and user research as well as on the pulse for what's happening in the industry;</li>
<li>Going through multiple tailor-made trainings and courses to help you elevate your skills and knowledge and make the next step in your career with Tide;</li>
<li>Working on shifts (weekends and holidays included), based on a schedule that takes into account your preferences, but also meets the needs of the business.<br><br></li>
</ul>
<h3>WHAT ARE WE LOOKING FOR&nbsp;</h3>
<ul>
<li>You are comfortable talking to customers on the phone and have experience liaising with and responding to member queries (however difficult). A customer-focused mindset is a must!&nbsp;</li>
<li>You have a minimum of 1.5 years of relevant experience as a phone customer support associate&nbsp;</li>
<li>You have very good verbal and written German (C1 or higher)</li>
<li>You are comfortable using industry tools like Kustomer, GSuite, Microsoft Office and Jira</li>
<li>You are upbeat and energetic, with solid problem-solving skills</li>
<li>You have robust communication with the customer and back to the business</li>
<li>You can demonstrate the ability to self-drive and multitask, your role may vary day to day, as well as strong team collaboration skills, high ethics and morale</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>It would be considered as an asset if you have:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Experience in Fin-tech, a start-up or a fast-growing tech company</li>
<li>Experience working in subscription and/or app-based business models</li>
<li>Experience with membership programs</li>
<li>Analytics knowledge to understand member plan usage and optimization<br><br></li>
</ul>
<h3>WHAT YOU WILL GET IN RETURN&nbsp;</h3>
<ul>
<li>25 days paid annual leave&nbsp;</li>
<li>3 paid days off for volunteering or L&amp;D activities</li>
<li>Extended maternity and paternity leave covered by the company</li>
<li>Personal L&amp;D budget</li>
<li>Additional health &amp; dental insurance</li>
<li>Mental wellbeing platform&nbsp;</li>
<li>Fully covered Multisports card</li>
<li>Food vouchers</li>
<li>Snacks, light food, drinks in the office</li>
<li>WFH equipment allowance</li>
<li>Flexible working from home</li>
<li>Sabbatical Leave<br><br></li>
</ul>
<h3>TIDEAN WAYS OF WORKING</h3>
<p>At Tide, we champion a <strong>flexible workplace </strong>model that<strong> </strong>supports both in-person and remote work to cater to the specific needs of our different teams.&nbsp;</p>
<p>While remote work is supported, we believe in the power of face-to-face interactions to foster team spirit and collaboration. Our offices are designed as hubs for innovation and team-building, where we encourage regular in-person gatherings to foster a strong sense of community.</p>
<h3>&nbsp;</h3><div class="content-conclusion"><h3>TIDE IS A PLACE FOR EVERYONE</h3>
<p>At Tide, we believe that we can only succeed if we let our differences enrich our culture. Our Tideans come from a variety of backgrounds and experience levels. We consider everyone irrespective of their ethnicity, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, family or parental status, national origin, veteran, neurodiversity or differently-abled status. We celebrate diversity in our workforce as a cornerstone of our success. Our commitment to a broad spectrum of ideas and backgrounds is what enables us to build products that resonate with our members’ diverse needs and lives.&nbsp;</p>
<p>We are One Team and foster a transparent and inclusive environment, where everyone’s voice is heard.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><em>At Tide, we thrive on diversity, embracing various backgrounds and experiences. We welcome all individuals regardless of ethnicity, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, or disability. Our inclusive culture is key to our success, helping us build products that meet our members' diverse needs. We are One Team, committed to transparency and ensuring everyone’s voice is heard.</em></p>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section">&nbsp;</div>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section"><strong>Disclaimer</strong></div>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section">&nbsp;</div>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section"><em>It has come to our attention that individuals or agencies are falsely claiming to represent Tide and are reaching out to candidates regarding job opportunities. Please be aware that:</em></div>
<ul class="p-rich\_text\_list p-rich\_text\_list\_\_bullet p-rich\_text\_list--nested" data-stringify-type="unordered-list" data-list-tree="true" data-indent="0" data-border="0">
<li style="font-style: italic;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><em>Tide does&nbsp;<strong data-stringify-type="bold">not</strong>&nbsp;charge any fees at any stage of the recruitment process.</em></li>
<li style="font-style: italic;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><em>All official Tide job opportunities are listed exclusively on our&nbsp;<a href="https://www.tide.co/careers/" target="\_blank"><strong data-stringify-type="bold">Careers Page</strong></a>&nbsp;and applications should be submitted through this channel.</em></li>
<li style="font-style: italic;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><em>Communication from Tide will only come from an official&nbsp;<strong data-stringify-type="bold">@tide</strong><strong data-stringify-type="bold">.co</strong>&nbsp;email address.</em></li>
<li style="font-style: italic;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><em>Tide does not work with agencies or recruiters without prior formal engagement, and we do not authorize third parties to make job offers on our behalf.</em></li>
</ul>
<p><em>If you are contacted by anyone misrepresenting Tide or requesting payment, please treat it as fraudulent and report it to us immediately at <a href="mailto:talent@tide.co" target="\_blank">talent@tide.co</a><br>Your safety and trust are important to us, and we are committed to ensuring a fair and transparent recruitment process.</em></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><em><em data-stringify-type="italic">Tide leverages AI to enhance our hiring experience. You can read more about how we use AI in our recruitment process in our <a href="https://assets.ctfassets.net/3h69mkdgxn20/5MFtWSdG8YLKq3jZkK52NY/3f18633073e6cdbd03bba4b9791c64f4/Using\_AI\_throughout\_the\_Hiring\_Process.pdf" target="\_blank">AI Policy</a>.</em></em></p>
<p><em><em data-stringify-type="italic">Your personal data will be processed by Tide for recruitment purposes and in accordance with </em><em data-stringify-type="italic"><a class="c-link" href="https://assets.ctfassets.net/3h69mkdgxn20/4TE0uAE3SXomATDVneocNA/aa31893960b4064dd406ad15d029dcd3/Recruitment\_Privacy\_Notice.pdf" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://assets.ctfassets.net/3h69mkdgxn20/1MYf6q4ZMWugpeaROVETBN/526e9c160a2de03576413c81657c6466/Recruitment\_Privacy\_Notice\_\_Final\_Draft\_\_Sep\_2024\_.pdf" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">Tide's Recruitment Privacy Notice</a></em><em data-stringify-type="italic">.</em></em></p></div>