<div class="content-intro"><p><strong>Who we are&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>At Twilio, we’re shaping the future of communications, all from the comfort of our homes. We deliver innovative solutions to<a class="c-link" href="https://customers.twilio.com/" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://customers.twilio.com/" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">&nbsp;hundreds of thousands of businesses&nbsp;</a>and empower millions of developers worldwide to craft personalized customer experiences.</p>
<p>Our dedication to <a class="c-link" href="https://www.twilio.com/en-us/blog/open-work" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://www.twilio.com/en-us/blog/open-work" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">remote-first work</a>, and strong culture of connection and global inclusion means that no matter your location, you’re part of a vibrant team with diverse experiences making a global impact each day. As we continue to revolutionize how the world interacts, we’re acquiring new skills and experiences that make work feel truly rewarding. Your career at Twilio is in your hands.<br><br>We use Artificial Intelligence (AI) to help make our hiring process efficient. That said, every hiring decision is made by real Twilions!</p>
<p><span style="color: rgb(255, 255, 255);">.</span></p></div><p><strong>See yourself at Twilio</strong></p>
<p>Join the team as Twilio’s next MDM Data Specialist</p>
<p><strong>About the job</strong></p>
<p>We are looking for a detail-oriented Data Steward to own the integrity of our enterprise data. In this role, you will be the frontline defender of Data Quality, implementing rigorous monitoring and remediation processes to eliminate silos. You will manage the lifecycle of our master data, ensuring compliance with Data Governance policies while working directly with technical teams to optimize our MDM hubs. If you have a passion for precision and thrive on organizing complex information, you’ll fit right in.</p>
<p><strong>Responsibilities</strong></p>
<p>In this role, you’ll:</p>
<ul>
<li>Manage and maintain the "Golden Record" for core data domains (Customer and Product), including resolving data conflicts and duplicates.</li>
<li>Manage data hierarchies, relationships, and cross-system mapping.</li>
<li>Oversee the matching and merging process to improve consolidation of data.</li>
<li>Establish, measure and monitor Data Quality KPIs (Accuracy, Completeness, Timeliness, Consistency)</li>
<li>Perform root-cause analysis on data discrepancies and lead remediation efforts.</li>
<li>Design and implement automated data profiling, validation and cleansing processes.</li>
<li>Support the development of data governance standards, policies, and business rules.</li>
<li>Document data lineage, business glossaries, and data dictionaries.</li>
<li>Facilitate data stewardship activities across business units</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Qualifications&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>Twilio values diverse experiences from all kinds of industries, and we encourage everyone who meets the required qualifications to apply. If your career is just starting or hasn't followed a traditional path, don't let that stop you from considering Twilio. We are always looking for people who will bring something new to the table!</p>
<p><strong>\*Required:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>3-5 years of experience in data management, data stewardship, or related roles.</li>
<li>Strong SQL skills for data profiling and analysis.</li>
<li>Strong understanding of Master Data Management concepts and best practices</li>
<li>Experience with data quality tools and methodologies</li>
<li>Familiarity with data visualization tools to report on data quality metrics.</li>
<li>Proficient understanding of data lifecycle management and data modeling concepts.</li>
<li>Excellent communication skills in English; the ability to explain technical data issues to non-technical stakeholders.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Desired:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Familiarity with MDM platforms (Informatica, Reltio, Stibo, etc.)</li>
<li>Foundation in Data Governance methodologies and foundations</li>
<li>Experience with Cloud Data Warehouses (Snowflake, BigQuery, or Databricks).</li>
<li>Knowledge of industry-specific data standards.&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Location</strong></p>
<p>This role will be remote, and based in Colombia.</p>
<p><strong>Travel&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>We prioritize connection and opportunities to build relationships with our customers and each other. For this role, you may be required to travel occasionally to participate in project or team in-person meetings.</p>
<p><strong>What We Offer</strong></p>
<p>Working at Twilio offers many benefits, including competitive pay, generous time off, ample parental and wellness leave, healthcare, a retirement savings program, and much more. Offerings vary by location.</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>Twilio thinks big. Do you?</strong></p>
<p>We like to solve problems, take initiative, pitch in when needed, and are always up for trying new things. That's why we seek out colleagues who embody our values — something we call <a href="https://www.twilio.com/company/values">Twilio Magic</a>. Additionally, we empower employees to build <a href="https://twilio.org/support-and-resources/impact-fund">positive change in their communities</a> by supporting their volunteering and donation efforts.</p>
<p>So, if you're ready to unleash your full potential, do your best work, and be the best version of yourself, apply now! If this role isn't what you're looking for, <a href="https://www.twilio.com/company/jobs#open-positions">please consider other open positions.</a></p>
<p><strong>Twilio is proud to be an equal opportunity employer.</strong> We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, reproductive health decisions, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, genetic information, political views or activity, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Qualified applicants with arrest or conviction records will be considered for employment in accordance with the Los Angeles County Fair Chance Ordinance for Employers and the California Fair Chance Act. Additionally, Twilio participates in the E-Verify program in certain locations, as required by law.</p></div>