HomeMade, Mable, Leap in! and Mable Direct are entities under the Attain Healthtech Group of companies. While our companies are diverse, three similarities bind us:

1. We exist to create lasting, positive change across the entire care and support sector - impacting more lives, elevating standards and shaping the future of care

2. We believe in technology as an enabler

3. We’re driven by helping customers attain better outcomes

This position is part of the HomeMade team.

**About HomeMade**

HomeMade is an approved aged care provider dedicated to improving its customers' lives by empowering older people to self-manage their service providers with the assistance of our clinical and customer support teams.

Our transformative technology platform helps thousands of people retain choice and control by allowing them to create unique support plans that meet their specific needs and optimise their funds.

By working at HomeMade, you can play a crucial role in helping older people maintain their independence and live fulfilling lives in their own homes. You’ll be joining a team that is passionate and dedicated to making a meaningful difference in the lives of others.

To find out more, visit <https://homemadesupport.com.au/>

**About the role**

At HomeMade, we’re passionate about helping people live independently, safely, and happily in their own homes.

As our Support Partner Team Leader, you’ll play a key role in making that happen. You’ll lead a team of dedicated Support Partners who are the heart of our customer experience, ensuring every customer and their support network feels heard, supported, and empowered.

With your leadership, the team will deliver exceptional service, provide expert advice and case management, and continuously strive for operational excellence and meaningful impact in people’s lives.

Key Responsibilities

## Team Leadership & Performance

- Lead, coach, and develop a team to achieve individual and collective KPIs.
- Lead the Support Partners, and provide immediate supervision to them for day-to-day requirements of their roles.
- Foster a culture of accountability, continuous learning, and customer focus.
- Conduct regular performance reviews, providing feedback and identifying development opportunities.
- Plan for team expansion aligned with community growth and business needs.
- Supervise, coach and mentor direct reports to ensure a high-performing team environment that develops team members to their full potential in a complex remote workforce environment.
- Deliver a high standard of employee experience through a leadership approach that promotes the inclusive culture, vision and values of HomeMade.

## Support Partnering

- Be a primary point of escalation for complex queries.
- Undertake a collaborative and goal-oriented approach with the Support Partners to develop and update support plans with customers.
- Maintain oversight over Support Partner work to deliver desired customer outcomes and respond in a timely and effective manner to changes in their circumstances and support needs.
- Uphold and deliver on service requirements in accordance with the Aged Care Act and Aged Care Quality Standards.
- Support the Support Partner Manager in day-to-day operational management of the Support Partner Team.
- Participate in, contribute to, and implement quality improvement and risk management into all aspects of service, including policies and standard operating procedures.
- Engage with and collaborate with cross-functional teams to achieve customer and organisation goals.

## Collaboration & Communication

- Communicate clearly with the team about daily priorities, changes, or updates.
- Work closely with other departments to ensure smooth handovers and follow-ups.
- Participate in regular team check-ins, workshops, and feedback sessions.
- Contribute ideas to improve systems, tools, and customer experience.

## Skills, Knowledge & Experience

- Previous experience mentoring and developing teams to achieve operational excellence.
- Demonstrated experience in Home and Community Care, with a strong preference for Aged Care experience.
- Sound knowledge of Health, Community, Aged Care, Home Care, or Disability Service environments.
- Excellent communication skills with a strong customer service orientation.
- Proven ability to deliver high-quality support and case management within complex Aged Care or Disability settings.
- Skilled in coaching individuals and teams to drive performance and professional growth.
- Demonstrated capability in dispute resolution, complaint handling, critical thinking, time management, and effective decision-making at a supervisory level.
- Proven ability to meet and exceed key performance indicators.
- Relevant qualifications such as a Certificate III in Individual Support (Ageing), Health Services Assistance, or a Certificate IV/Diploma in Aged Care, Disability, or Community Services (including Case Management) are desirable but not essential.

**The values we live by**

**Put People First** 🫶🏼

People and relationships matter most.

**Foster Freedom** 🪁

Life should be lived in a way that makes sense for you, without unnecessary controls or external restrictions.

**Do The Right Thing** 💖

Be fair, honest, open, ethical, and transparent.

**Be Bold** 💡

With a vision to imagine and create a brighter future.

**Values we share as part of Attain Healthtech**

**Break New Ground** 🧨

We simplify care with creativity and bold ideas.

**Make It Matter**💟

We put people at the centre and create impact that improves lives.

**Own The Outcome**🥇

We aim high, deliver excellence and drive results that last.

**Our benefits**

**Power your career ⚡️**

Learn from industry experts, experienced leaders, and on-the-job opportunities.

**Access parental leave 👶**

Get 14 weeks of paid leave for primary carers and 6 weeks of paid leave for secondary carers plus superannuation.

**Work with flexibility 🏠**

We’re a hybrid workplace, balancing time in the office with remote work.

**Flexi Leave Days 🌴**

Get one extra paid leave day per quarter for what makes you happy.

**Take a floating public holiday 🫶🏾**

Acknowledge a significant day your way with family and friends.

**Be rewarded 🏆**

Celebrate wins and recognise great performance with an easy and accessible Reward and Recognition program.

**We are one**

As an organisation, we celebrate our diversity and welcome all people, regardless of their family responsibilities, ethnicity, faith, sexual orientation, or gender identity. Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander people are encouraged to apply.

If this role has stood out to you but you don’t feel like you ‘tick all the boxes,’ we strongly encourage you to apply nonetheless. We value diversity in experience, and you might just bring something we are looking for to our organisation!