<div class="content-intro"><p><strong>500M+ downloads. 80M+ monthly users. A decade of building – and we’re still accelerating.</strong></p>
<p>Flo is the world’s #1 health &amp; fitness app worldwide on a mission to build a better future for female health. Backed by a $200M investment led by General Atlantic, we became the first product of our kind to reach a $1B valuation in 2024 – and we’re not slowing down.</p>
<p>With 7M paid subscribers and the highest-rated experience in the App Store’s health category, we’ve spent 10 years earning trust at scale. Now, we’re building the next generation of digital health – AI-powered, privacy-first, clinically backed – to help our users know their body better.</p>
<p><strong>The job</strong></p></div><p>The needs of the user is everything to us, and how those needs are served falls under our Product teams.</p>
<p>They’re fact-finders.</p>
<p>They’re builders.</p>
<p>They’re ideators of easy to use, information rich resources across our whole platform who - along with Analytics teams - get to the ‘why’ in order to create unrivalled user experiences.</p>
<p>It’s an exciting time at Flo! With a number of feature improvements and developments recently released or on the horizon, we’re looking for a Senior Product Marketing Manager who can help us bring strong marketing skills and experience into a fast-moving, product-led environment..</p>
<p>A data-driven, stakeholder-focused and entrepreneurial mindset is critical to success in this role. You’ll be responsible for figuring out how to build the role of Product Marketing in the product development process, ensuring that marketing thinking is embedded into how we build, communicate, and deliver value to our 70+ million users. Sitting within our Health Stream and working closely with Product, Medical, User Research, Growth, and Brand teams, you’ll help shape how users discover, understand, and engage with Flo’s features.</p>
<p>Success in this role depends on your ability to bring the voice of the user into product decisions, use data and testing to refine positioning and messaging, and navigate complex stakeholder dynamics with confidence. You’re someone who thrives in fast-paced environments, can pivot quickly between projects, and is always ready to roll up your sleeves to make things happen.</p>
<p style="line-height: 1.2;"><strong>Your Experience</strong></p>
<p style="line-height: 1;"><strong><span style="font-size: 12pt;">Must have:</span></strong></p>
<ul>
<li>5+ years experience as a Product Marketing Manager in B2C app-based software products</li>
<li>Experience working in Product-led environments, where features and development are driven by user needs and Product team priorities.</li>
<li>A strong Marketing toolkit—you know how to craft compelling messaging, plan campaigns, and translate user insights into action.</li>
<li>Proven ability to use data and testing to inform and improve your work.</li>
<li>Comfortable working with and influencing diverse, opinionated stakeholders across Product, Engineering, Medical, and Marketing.</li>
<li>Highly adaptable, with a can-do mindset—you’re quick to pick up new projects and thrive in ambiguity.</li>
<li>Comfortable working with senior stakeholders</li>
<li>Strong communication and organisational skills, with CEFR C2-level English.</li>
<li>Independent, hands-on, and motivated to make an impact.</li>
<li>Experience working with US audiences</li>
</ul>
<p style="line-height: 1;"><strong><span style="font-size: 12pt;">Nice to have:</span></strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Familiarity with the female health &amp; wellness space, or strong interest in supporting women’s health and wellbeing.</li>
</ul>
<p style="line-height: 1.2;"><strong>What you'll be doing</strong></p>
<p style="line-height: 1;"><strong><span style="font-size: 12pt;">You'll be responsible for:</span></strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Establishing the role of Product Marketing in the team by embedding yourself fully in your Product team, building strong relationships with the Product Managers and acting as an ambassador for marketing in the Product organisation</li>
<li>Bringing a marketing mindset to product development, helping teams think about positioning, value articulation and revenue modeling from the earliest stages of feature development.</li>
<li>Ensuring clear, consistent communications between the Product and Marketing teams</li>
<li>Designing and running data-driven tests to learn what resonates with users and refining messaging and value propositions accordingly.</li>
<li>Creating clear processes in an ambiguous environment</li>
<li>Positioning and growing new and priority features and user journeys like Peri-menopause, Flo for Partners, and Flo for Teens in close collaboration with Product and UX teams.</li>
<li>Developing internal go-to-market plans that increase adoption of key features, ensuring users understand what Flo offers and why it matters to them.</li>
<li>Owning marketing performance metrics related to engagement, activation, and revenue for the features you support.</li>
<li>Collaborating cross-functionally with a wide range of stakeholders, and especially strong Product teams, to make sure marketing insights are embedded in every stage of the product lifecycle.</li>
<li>Acting as a key voice in the central Product Marketing team, contributing tools, templates and ideas that raise the bar across the discipline.</li>
<li>Partnering with Medical, Claims, and Copywriting teams to develop clear, credible and compelling messaging.</li>
<li>Working closely with Brand, Social, and Comms to turn feature launches into broader moments of user engagement and advocacy.</li>
<li>Comfortably managing multiple shifting priorities, responding quickly to new opportunities, and ramping up fast on new projects.</li>
</ul>
<p>Salary ranges starting from:&nbsp;</p>
<p>London: £78,000<br>Vilnius: €4600&nbsp;</p>
<p><span style="color: rgb(255, 255, 255);">#LI-CC1</span></p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>How we work</strong></p>
<p>We’re a mission-led, product-driven team. We move fast, stay focused and take ownership – from brief to build to impact. Debate is encouraged. Decisions are shared. We care about craft, ship with purpose, and always raise the bar.</p>
<p>You’ll be working with people who take their work seriously, not themselves. It takes commitment, resilience, and the drive to keep going when things get tough. Because better health outcomes are worth it.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>What you'll get</strong></p>
<p>We support impact with meaningful reward. Here’s what that looks like:</p>
<ul>
<li>Competitive salary and annual reviews</li>
<li>Opportunity to participate in Flo’s performance incentive scheme</li>
<li>Paid holiday, sick leave, and female health leave</li>
<li>Enhanced parental leave and pay for maternity, paternity, same-sex and adoptive parents</li>
<li>Accelerated professional growth through world-changing work and learning support</li>
<li>In-person collaboration and work in a hybrid model, with 3 days per week spent in the office</li>
<li>5-week fully paid sabbatical at 5-year Floversary</li>
<li>Flo Premium for friends &amp; family, plus more health, pension and wellbeing perks</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Diversity, equity and inclusion</strong></p>
<p>Our strength is in our differences. At Flo, hiring is based on merit, skill and what you bring to the role – nothing else. We’re proud to be an equal opportunity employer, and we welcome applicants from all backgrounds, communities and identities. Read our <a href="https://flo.health/privacy-policy-for-job-applicants">privacy notice for job applicants</a>.</p></div>