<p><strong>Account Executive (Enterprise Sales)</strong></p>
<p><em>Location: London (</em><em>Please note this position requires you to be in office Tuesday and Wednesday each week.)&nbsp;</em></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>About Axiom:</strong></p>
<p>Axiom is where legal teams go to find the right talent for everything from routine in-house tasks to complex outside counsel work. Too many legal departments are stuck having to choose between paying the high fees of their law firm, hiring full-time employees they don’t need, or turning to a low-cost agency that can’t meet their quality standards. At the same time, top lawyers want to work on challenging legal matters, but they want more control over how, when, and where they practice. Both are forced compromises that no one should have to make. Axiom shares and meets the higher standards of its clients and lawyers, with our “work smarter, adapt faster, go further” approach – connecting growing mid-market and Fortune 500 companies with the world’s deepest bench of experienced, specialized legal talent.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>About the Team:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>We exist to inject new energy and new thinking into a precedent-bound profession. We love the company we’re building with undignified enthusiasm. We’re committed to our mission and to our people. We celebrate our successes, learn from our failures, and find opportunity in adversity. We surround ourselves with inspiring, talented people who have a contagious energy and incurable passion for what they do. We pride ourselves on listening and relating to our colleagues and clients in a way that’s genuine, human, and memorable. We care about the little things.</li>
<li>Our People:
<ul>
<li>Generate new, creative, and disruptive ideas to change the status quo in their fields</li>
<li>Possess an unbelievable work ethic and unwavering commitment to quality</li>
<li>Stretch beyond what’s expected and prioritize ongoing learning and development</li>
<li>Assume best intentions and take a ‘glass half full’ approach to their work</li>
<li>Bring others together, creating strong relationships across lines of difference</li>
<li>Seek to understand and learn from perspectives counter to their own</li>
<li>Leave a lasting impression</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>About the Role: </strong></p>
<ul>
<li>We are looking to hire a consultative Account Executive to fuel our continued growth. With our backing and proven success, we’re looking for evangelists – salespeople who can envision a better future for clients, bring clients to see that vision, and create lasting partnerships that exceed clients’ greatest expectations. This role is well-suited for a highly consultative seller who’s accustomed to sitting at the table with executive-level decision makers to devise solutions to their toughest problems. You will be afforded a high degree of accountability and ownership over a portfolio of F500 and industry leading clients focusing on account growth as well as new business generation.</li>
<li>Specifically, you will spend your days:
<ul>
<li>Originating opportunity and closing deals: You will be responsible for bringing in new business, originating and selling to our biggest fans, and making believers of fresh clients.</li>
<li>Getting to know your clients: You will define the client experience by building durable relationships, inspiring trust, and proposing innovative solutions to their problems.</li>
<li>Consulting with C-level executives: Our clients are savvy leaders of the world’s largest in-house legal teams, and you will be at the table with them daily planning for their future.</li>
<li>Collaborating: At Axiom we pride ourselves on our cross-functional sales culture. This is a not a role for the lone wolf seller. You will partner daily with the broader commercial team to close and support strategic opportunities.</li>
<li>Leading: You will offer thought leadership to clients as well as internally mentor and offer professional insights to junior team members.</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>About You:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>You have a background in B2B client service and have extensive experience in a consultative sales role where you exceeded business goals on a monthly, quarterly, and/or annual basis.</li>
<li>You are comfortable working in a senior role as an individual contributor.</li>
<li>You understand what goes into the sales process from prospecting to close, and you’re no stranger to managing multiple complex deals across multiple clients and stages.</li>
<li>You are highly organized with a meticulous attention to detail and pattern recognition, you manage your time well and possess expert judgment and decision-making skills.</li>
<li>You are a high-impact communicator and know how to present to executive-level stakeholders. You’re no stranger to PowerPoint and the rest of Microsoft Office Suite.</li>
<li>You know your way around Salesforce (or comparable CRM system) and understand the importance of leveraging data to make smart decisions about where to spend your time.</li>
<li>You demonstrate a relentless service orientation, effortlessly form trusted-advisor relationships, are catalytic in your desire to improve the status quo, and can operate effectively within a highly collaborative team environment.</li>
<li>You are legally eligible to work in the United Kingdom.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li><strong>Our People Reflect Our Values! We are:</strong>
<ul>
<li>Innovative: We generate new, creative, and disruptive ideas to change the status quo in their fields</li>
<li>Performance Oriented: We possess an unbelievable work ethic and unwavering commitment to quality</li>
<li>Cross-functionally collaborative: We bring others together, creating strong relationships across lines of difference</li>
<li>Data &amp; Fact Based: We seek to understand and learn from information and perspectives everywhere</li>
<li>Customer First: We aim to delight our clients and legal talent at every opportunity</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Accommodation for Individuals with Disabilities: </strong>Upon request and consistent with applicable laws, Axiom will attempt to provide reasonable accommodations for individuals with disabilities who require an accommodation to participate in the application process. To request an accommodation to complete the application form, please contact us at <a href="mailto:benefits@axiomlaw.com">benefits@axiomlaw.com</a> and include “Applicant Accommodation” in the subject line.</p>
<p>#LI-JO1</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>