<div class="content-intro"><p><strong data-stringify-type="bold">Why work at Nebius<br></strong>Nebius is leading a new era in cloud computing to serve the global AI economy. We create the tools and resources our customers need to solve real-world challenges and transform industries, without massive infrastructure costs or the need to build large in-house AI/ML teams. Our employees work at the cutting edge of AI cloud infrastructure alongside some of the most experienced and innovative leaders and engineers in the field.</p>
<p><strong>Where we work<br></strong>Headquartered in Amsterdam and listed on Nasdaq, Nebius has a global footprint with R&amp;D hubs across Europe, North America, and Israel. The team of over 1400 employees includes more than 400 highly skilled engineers with deep expertise across hardware and software engineering, as well as an in-house AI R&amp;D team.</p></div><div>We’re looking for a<strong> IT infrastructure engineer</strong> to troubleshoot and solve data center IT hardware issues, process the RMA. This is a position for a technical expert working at the intersection of multiple technical and operational domains.</div>
<div>&nbsp;</div>
<div><br><strong>Your responsibilities will include</strong><br><br></div>
<ul>
<li>Solve the most challenging firmware and hardware related issues with servers, involving in-depth knowledge of system architecture and advanced troubleshooting</li>
<li>Execute workarounds and solutions for IT hardware issues</li>
<li>Act as a subject matter expert and point of escalation for L1 and L2 technicians</li>
<li>Create new processes and documentation for IT hardware team</li>
<li>Collaborate with related departments to im</li>
<li>Collaborate with vendors on warranty replacements (RMA), create requests and manage.</li>
<li>Improve support processes, documentation and training materials</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<div><strong>Requirements</strong></div>
<ul>
<li>Knowledge of datacenters, and server equipment</li>
<li>Deep knowledge of IT hardware and practical experience of troubleshooting</li>
<li>Skills working with the Unix/linux operating system and command line</li>
<li>Experience with equipment monitoring, data analysis and presentation</li>
<li>Proactiveness and sense of responsibility</li>
<li>High proficiency in spoken and written English</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<div><strong>It will be a bonus if you have</strong><br><br>• Skills of repairing electronics at the component level (SMD)<br>• Knowledge of network equipment and troubleshooting<br>• Driving license type B</div><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>What we offer</strong>&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>Competitive salary and comprehensive benefits package.</li>
<li>Opportunities for professional growth within Nebius.</li>
<li>Flexible working arrangements.</li>
<li>A dynamic and collaborative work environment that values initiative and innovation.</li>
</ul>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">We’re growing and expanding our products every day. If you’re up to the challenge and are excited about AI and ML as much as we are, join us!</span></p></div>