<div class="content-intro"><p><strong><em>🚀 We’re on a mission to make money work for everyone.</em></strong></p>
<p>We’re waving goodbye to the complicated and confusing ways of traditional banking.</p>
<p>After starting as a prepaid card, our product offering has grown a lot in the last 10 years in the UK. As well as&nbsp;<a href="https://monzo.com/current-account/personal">personal</a> and <a href="https://monzo.com/business-banking">business</a> bank accounts, we offer <a href="https://monzo.com/current-account/joint-account">joint accounts</a>, <a href="https://monzo.com/current-account/16-17">accounts for 16-17 year olds</a>, a <a href="https://monzo.com/current-account/under-16s">free kids account</a> and <a href="https://monzo.com/flex">credit cards</a> in the UK, with more exciting things to come beyond. Our UK customers can also <a href="https://monzo.com/savings">save</a>, <a href="https://monzo.com/investments">invest </a>and&nbsp;<a href="https://monzo.com/pensions">combine their pensions</a> with us.&nbsp;</p>
<p>With our hot coral cards and get-paid-early feature, combined with financial education on social media and our award winning customer service, we have a long history of creating magical moments for our customers!</p>
<p>We’re not about selling products - we want to solve problems and change lives through Monzo ❤️</p>
<hr>
<p>&nbsp;</p></div><p><span style="font-weight: 400;">📍<strong>London or Remote (UK) | 💰 Base salary for this role is £110,500 - £145,000 + Incentive Awards tied to your performance +</strong></span><strong> <a href="https://monzo.com/careers/">Benefits</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;"><strong>&nbsp;</strong><br></span></p>
<p><strong>Engineering Management at Monzo:</strong></p>
<p>Engineering Managers at Monzo are part of cross-functional, autonomous teams and groups. Our teams are mission driven, and typically include Product Managers, backend, web and mobile engineers as well as data scientists, designers and subject matter experts relevant to that mission. Teams are organised into groups, and then collectives - we aim to keep our line management structure as shallow as possible, and for teams to directly own decision making relevant to their work.</p>
<p>The Engineering Manager role at Monzo is split into three pillars - people, product, and technical leadership. Engineering Managers are accountable for the technical and delivery outcomes for their area - that means supporting and developing best in class engineering talent, as well as creating an inclusive team environment for people to do their best work.</p>
<p>You can read more on the expectations of Engineering Managers on our <a href="https://monzo.com/documents/engineering-manager-framework-v2-0.pdf" target="\_blank">Progression Framework</a>.</p>
<p><strong>The Role</strong></p>
<p>We're continuously hiring Engineering Managers as we continue to grow and build new teams. We hire on a pipeline based approach which means your application will be considered across all of our open EM positions. We use the interview process to assess your strengths and we'll match you to a role that best aligns with your experience. Of course, this is a collaborative process so you can also tell us which roles you're most interested in as you progress through interviews 😊 We're currently hiring across Platform, Core App, and Expansion.</p>
<p><strong>You’ll spend your time:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Taking accountability for delivery across your squad(s), collaborating with the Technical Lead and Product Manager.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;">Actively fostering a high bar for engineering excellence within your teams. You’re accountable for the technical outcomes your teams deliver alongside individual engineer performance and growth, so holding a high bar (and clearly articulating your expectations) is key.</li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">You’ll initially lead a group of around 7-10 engineers (depending on the role) and support, coach and develop them through their career with regular 1:1s and continuous feedback.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Partner with senior engineers in your area to drive technical initiatives that raise the bar for our engineering practices.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Lead on communication with stakeholders from other teams, creating focus space for engineers to do their best work.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Collaborate with the wider engineering organisation to contribute to company-wide best managerial and technical practices and standards.</span></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>You should apply if:</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">While this is not a role which requires hands-on-coding, we are looking for an experienced manager who has a strong technical and delivery background and </span><strong>has worked as a software engineer in previous roles.</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We recognise that engineering managers lead in different ways, we’re looking for someone who:&nbsp;</span></p>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Is comfortable operating with ambiguous problem areas with a high degree of autonomy.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">It’s a bonus if you have experience working in an experimentation led environment.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Has delivery experience and is able to guide the squads in achieving their outcomes.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Focuses on outcomes over processes, who optimises for the highest impact and leverage.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Is able to input, understand and challenge engineering decisions - but to empower the team to make those decisions themselves</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Has an understanding of what good looks like for a high-performing team of engineers and ability to chart a course to get there</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Is able to to coach people to achieve their goals</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Has a natural ability to inspire and motivate a team</span></li>
</ul>
<p><em><span style="font-weight: 400;">We consider your application across all open EM roles at Monzo independent of which role you've applied for, so </span></em><strong><em>if you've recently applied to a similar role at Monzo and have been unsuccessful, please wait 6 months before applying again.<br><br></em></strong></p>
<p><strong>How we work 💻:</strong></p>
<p><strong>Locations &amp; Flexible Working :&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>Our main tech hub is in London, but our engineers live everywhere in the UK— from Brighton to the Western Isles.&nbsp;</p>
<p>We value meeting in person but there’s no pressure to come into the office, even if you're nearby. We believe you'll do your best work if you are where you want to be. If you live outside of London and we ask you to come into the office, Monzo will support you with the costs. ✨</p>
<p>Our offices are naturally social, especially Tuesdays, Wednesdays and Thursdays, which happen to line up with our twice-weekly Monzo lunches &amp; treat Thursdays 🍽️. Teams also schedule time together often for work and play – in or around the office, or online.</p>
<p><strong>Set up a work schedule that delivers impact and fits your life.</strong></p>
<p>At Monzo, we value connections, flexibility, and wellbeing. We keep our meetings during core hours to stay connected and believe in maintaining work/life balance.&nbsp;</p>
<p>You’ll be empowered to manage your work in a way that suits you and your team, giving you the freedom for children drop-offs and pick-ups, walking your dog or adventurous cat, avoiding peak commuting times or gym slots, appointments, or supporting your family in an emergency. 🕒✨</p>
<p>Work the way that works for you with Monzo! 💼</p>
<p><strong>The interview process:</strong></p>
<p>After an initial informal 30 min recruiting call, our interview process involves two main stages:</p>
<ol>
<li><strong>Initial Call Interview (1 hour)</strong> You'll meet with one of our Senior Engineering Managers or Engineering Directors. They'll ask you about your previous experience, in particular people leadership, product delivery and technical leadership. They’ll ask example based questions (‘Tell me about a time when…’)<br><br></li>
<li><strong>Loop Stage (3 hours 30 mins)</strong> The Loop stage consists of 3 x 60 min interviews that take place over 1-2 days (depending on your availability) and one 30 minute reverse interview (more details below).</li>
</ol>
<p>The Loop is one stage, and the interviews in the Loop are:</p>
<p style="padding-left: 40px;"><em>- Team and Org Management (1 hour)</em> <br>An example based interview with 1-2 of our engineering leaders. They’re interested to hear examples from your previous experience on the teams you’ve led, how you’ve shaped and partnered with product, and the impact you had.</p>
<p style="padding-left: 40px;"><em>- System Design (1 hour)</em> <br>You'll partner with a Staff or Principal Engineer on a technical whiteboarding exercise.</p>
<p style="padding-left: 40px;"><em>- Behavioural (1 hour)</em> <br>Similar to Team and Org Management, this is an example based interview with 1-2 Engineering Leaders. This interview focuses on your people leadership style and core behaviours as an Engineering Manager.</p>
<p style="padding-left: 40px;"><em>- Chat with an Engineering Leader (30 mins)</em> <br>At Monzo, we believe interviews are a two-way street. This will be your opportunity to ask us any questions about Monzo, engineering leadership or our teams – whatever’s on your mind.&nbsp;</p>
<p>All things going well, you'll have completed the hiring process 🚀</p>
<p>Our average process takes around 3-4 weeks but we will always work around your availability. You’ll have the chance to speak to our recruitment team throughout the process.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>What’s in it for you:</strong></p>
<p><strong>💰Base salary range for this role is between £110,500 - £144,000 depending on experience + Incentive Awards tied to your performance + Benefits&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">✈️ We can help you relocate to the UK&nbsp;&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">✅ We can sponsor visas</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">📍We offer flexible working with no company mandate on how often you need to come into the office. You can be London based or remote within the UK (with ad hoc visits to our London office).</span></p>
<p>⏰ We offer flexible working hours and trust you to work enough hours to do your job well, at times that suit you and your team.</p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">📚Learning budget of £1,000 a year for books, training courses and conferences</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">➕And much more, see our full list of benefits</span> <a href="https://monzo.com/careers/"><strong>here</strong></a></p>
<p><em><span style="font-weight: 400;">We're usually always hiring for Engineering Managers, so there's no closing date for this job.</span></em><strong><em>&nbsp;</em></strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">#LI-AL1 #LI-REMOTE</span></p><div class="content-conclusion"><hr>
<p><strong>Equal opportunities for everyone</strong></p>
<p>Diversity and inclusion are a priority for us and we’re making sure we have lots of support for all of our people to grow at Monzo. At Monzo, we’re embracing diversity by fostering an inclusive environment for all people to do the best work of their lives with us. This is integral to our mission of making money work for everyone. You can read more in our <a href="https://monzo.com/blog/diversity-and-inclusion">blog</a>, 2024 <a href="https://monzo.com/blog/our-2024-diversity-and-inclusion-report" target="\_blank">Diversity and Inclusion Report</a> and 2024 <a href="https://monzo.com/blog/an-update-on-our-gender-pay-gap-2024">Gender Pay Gap Report.</a></p>
<p>We’re an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be considered for employment without attention to age, ethnicity, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, family or parental status, national origin, or veteran, neurodiversity or disability status.</p>
<p>If you have a preferred name, please use it to apply. We don't need full or birth names at application stage 😊</p></div>