<div class="content-intro"><p class="sc-gEkIjz cjtSrT MuiTypography-root MuiTypography-body1 sc-hoLEA">Raisin is the world's leading platform for savings and investment products. Founded in 2012, the&nbsp;<strong>FinTech</strong> connects consumers with banks in the EU, the UK and the US. This gives consumers <strong>better interest rates</strong> and banks a <strong>diversified form of refinancing</strong>. Our vision is to offer savings and investments without barriers and thus open up the global 160 trillion euro market.</p>
<p class="sc-gEkIjz cjtSrT MuiTypography-root MuiTypography-body1 sc-hoLEA">Raisin currently employs more than 800 people from over 75 countries worldwide. Today, the platform holds over 80 billion euros in assets from&nbsp;<strong>more than one million investors</strong> which have accrued over 5 billion euros in returns.</p></div><p><span style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0);"><strong>Team</strong></span></p>
<p>This role is designed to be the lead internal UK ISA expert and owner of our ISA service we offer to our customers. In this role you will be directly accountable for its successful operation and stability, working with our internal teams and external providers. This includes working with our transfers function and ensuring operational, regulatory and SLA compliance.<br><br>The focus of this role is ultimately building and growing an excellent ISA service, being a go-to source of knowledge for our various internal teams and working with our Product teams to drive improvements, iterations and automations to the ISA service. This individual will sit within the UK arm of Raisin reporting to the UK CEO.<strong><br></strong></p>
<p><strong>Your Responsibilities</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><strong>Own the ISA Service:</strong> Become the technical business owner, working with our Product &amp; Engineering teams to iterate on the service, and reviewing proposed changes to the functionality from time to time and taking decisions where required whilst ensuring compliance with the ISA rules and stay ahead of any changes.</li>
<li><strong>Stakeholder and service reporting:</strong> Take the lead with our service bank, (Clearbank) owning the SLAs set down for our teams, being accountable for their performance and reporting both to Clearbank and to adjacent teams internally to Raisin on performance and improvement initiatives.</li>
<li><strong>Technical Knowledge:</strong> Be the key internal go-to expert for various stakeholders including the Transfers team processing applications using the service, and our Product &amp; Engineering teams who work to improve the service overall. Ensure our Customer Service Process &amp; Knowledge teams are up to date and are driving a best in class ISA service, as 1st line support for this product range.</li>
<li><strong>Oversee our Operations:</strong> Regularly review the output from the team processing ISA Transfers day to day, ensuring SLA compliance and good customer outcomes as we grow our offering.</li>
<li><strong>Project manage improvements and expansions:</strong> As we evolve our savings offering into new products and asset classes, the ISA owner will play a key role in delivering improvements to both existing and new services involving ISAs.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Your Profile</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>University degree in business, economics or a comparable field, preferably with a focus on finance.</li>
<li>Previous work experience in proposition management or directly in ISA proposition management.</li>
<li>Minimum 3 years of relevant work experience in an operational ISA related role focused within financial services (e.g. banks or ISA providers).</li>
<li>Knowledge of the UK retail savings and banking market is highly advantageous.Experience in areas of digital banking or deposit products are highly advantageous.</li>
<li>Entrepreneurial mind-set and the ability to work and communicate in a fast-paced international environment.</li>
<li>Excellent analytical and communication skills.</li>
<li>Ability to influence and build long lasting business relationships.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Join our mission, join our team – and grow with us!</strong></p>
<p>At Raisin, we care about each other and it is one of our top priorities to foster an open and caring environment in which everyone feels welcome and comfortable. Our culture is strongly driven by our ambitious team, which connects more than 75 different nationalities.</p>
<p>As part of our team, you will benefit from</p>
<ul>
<li>Employee Development Budget of £1,700 and 4 full training days per year.</li>
<li>Always hungry? Breakfast, snacks, daily fresh fruit and drinks are at your disposal around the clock.</li>
<li>We are hybrid working, we are in the office twice a week, giving the team the opportunity to collaborate and spend time together. Wednesday is our core day in the office.</li>
<li>We offer 28 days + Bank Holidays of holiday a year.</li>
<li>One day birthday leave to celebrate your birthday.</li>
<li>We offer you a company stakeholder pension with a minimum employer contribution of 5%.</li>
<li>The opportunity to experience our annual retreats in exciting European cities and other team building events.</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><p><a href="https://www.raisin.com/corporate/raisin-applicant-privacy-policy/"><em>Raisin Applicant Privacy Policy</em></a></p>
<p data-start="728" data-end="900">We value diversity and the unique experiences each individual brings. If you’re excited about this role but don’t meet every requirement, we still encourage you to apply.</p>
<p data-start="907" data-end="1013">We are an equal opportunity employer and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for everyone, regardless of race, colour, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, or gender identity.</p></div>