<p><strong>Who We Are</strong></p>
<p class="intercom-align-left"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Osmosis is the fastest growing company sitting at the intersection of healthcare and education; with the sole purpose of uniting the two to impact people’s lives. We believe that </span><strong><em>everyone</em></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;"> who cares for someone can learn by Osmosis and collectively, we can develop a more caring world by developing the </span><em><span style="font-weight: 400;">most</span></em><span style="font-weight: 400;"> caring people. </span></p>
<p class="intercom-align-left"><strong>Osmosis is a distributed company and all positions are remote.&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p><strong>About You</strong></p>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><strong>Mission and Value Aligned. </strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">You resonate with our organizational values and embody them daily. You are driven to help us achieve our common goals and shared vision!</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><strong>Adaptable</strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">. You embrace the scrappy startup mentality. You are flexible and versatile with changes to projects, goals, and strategies. You are comfortable working in an entirely virtual environment.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><strong>Proactive</strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">. You seek out new ways to problem-solve both solo or with your team members. You work diligently to produce excellent results, even with limited time and resources.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><strong>Growth mindset-oriented.</strong><span style="font-weight: 400;"> You are constantly learning and applying these learnings to your craft. You work through change and obstacles to reach resolutions and value the power of “not yet.”&nbsp;</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><strong>Solutions Oriented. </strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">You see problems as opportunities to act. You love proposing solutions and lean towards problem-solving action.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><strong>Reliable. </strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">You get things done on time and if you drop the ball, you’re the first to pick it up. You hold yourself accountable and take ownership for mistakes. </span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><strong>Caring Communicator. </strong>You know the importance of clear, thoughtful communication in a fully distributed environment. You can navigate crucial conversations through mindfully listening to others and clearly expressing your needs.</li>
</ul>
<p><em><span style="font-weight: 400;">One of our values is to “Open Your Arms”. In line with this, if you have any specific needs that may require a different method for application submission, please reach out to us at </span></em><a href="mailto:careers@osmosis.org"><em><span style="font-weight: 400;">careers@osmosis.org</span></em></a><em><span style="font-weight: 400;">.</span></em></p>
<p><em><span style="font-weight: 400;">Osmosis is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender identity, sex, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, protected veteran status or other status protected by law.</span></em>&nbsp;</p>