<div class="content-intro"><h2><strong>Who Are We?</strong></h2>
<p>Postman is the world’s leading API platform, used by more than 45 million+ developers and 500,000 organizations, including 98% of the Fortune 500. Postman is helping developers and professionals across the globe build the API-first world by simplifying each step of the API lifecycle and streamlining collaboration—enabling users to create better APIs, faster.</p>
<p>The company is headquartered in San Francisco and has offices in Boston, New York, Austin, Tokyo, London, and Bangalore - where Postman was founded. Postman is privately held, with funding from Battery Ventures, BOND, Coatue, CRV, Insight Partners, and Nexus Venture Partners. Learn more at postman.com or connect with Postman on X via @getpostman.</p>
<p>P.S: We highly recommend reading <a href="https://api-first-world.com/">The "API-First World" graphic novel</a> to understand the bigger picture and our vision at Postman.</p></div><h2><strong>The Opportunity</strong></h2>
<p>With every major Fortune 1000 company in the world using Postman at some level, we are positioned to expand our Enterprise presence exponentially over the coming year and are looking for a seasoned Sales Leader to grow and develop a team of Corporate Account Executives to seamlessly navigate the enterprise sales cycle and effectively close deals. This is a unique opportunity to rapidly scale a Mid-Market sales team in alignment with our fast-growing Enterprise business. The ideal candidate is energetic and passionate and has personally driven teams to achieve significant sales growth at technical Enterprise SaaS companies<em>.</em></p>
<h2><strong>What You’ll Do</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Scale, manage and mentor a team of Corporate AEs by promoting a culture of revenue success. Deliver and exceed your team’s quarterly/annual sales targets.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Drive business growth for Postman with new and existing enterprise accounts and ensure excellence with reporting, pipeline management and overall customer satisfaction.</li>
<li>Coach team members to develop territory plans for winning and expanding business across the Mid-Market segment.</li>
<li>Guide the team on how to educate customers on the value of Postman paid plans and to navigate key decision makers to grow Postman awareness.</li>
<li>Provide accurate and timely sales forecasts and maintain records in all internal CRM and reporting tools.</li>
<li>Communicate and organize/escalate issues appropriately including: billing, legal, security, on-boarding, and technical inquiries.</li>
<li>Collaborate with Solutions Engineering, Customer Success, and Account Development to build strategic adoption plans for customers in large accounts.</li>
<li>Provide recommendations based on customers’ business needs and usage patterns.</li>
<li>Listen closely and continuously work to educate and promote growth for direct reports.</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>About You</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>3+ years of experience as a high-growth SaaS leader over a hybrid inside/field sales team.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Track record of consistent performance in meeting and exceeding team goals.&nbsp;</li>
<li>3+ years of experience translating highly technical products into quantified business value.</li>
<li>Success implementing strategies for consumption and commitment-based sales revenue models.</li>
<li>Strong knowledge across sales and forecast frameworks (e.g. MEDDIC, Sandler,&nbsp; Miller Heiman, Corporate Visions).&nbsp;</li>
<li>Proven ability to coach and develop sales fundamentals to AEs, including and not limited to prospecting, forecasting, negotiation, and closing strategies.</li>
<li>Exceptional communication skills both with customers and within an organization, including presenting effectively to senior leadership and the C Suite.</li>
<li>Excellent multi-tasking abilities to close strategic projects with finesse and urgency.&nbsp;&nbsp;</li>
<li>Capable of navigating within large enterprise and mid-market organizations, and building relations with critical senior level contacts.</li>
<li>Demonstrated empathy to increase customer satisfaction and loyalty.</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><h2 data-renderer-start-pos="4036"><strong data-renderer-mark="true">What Else?</strong></h2>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="4048">In addition to Postman's pay-on-performance philosophy, and a flexible schedule working with a fun, collaborative team, Postman offers a comprehensive set of benefits, including full medical coverage, flexible PTO, wellness reimbursement, and a monthly lunch stipend. Along with that, our wellness programs will help you stay in the best of your physical and mental health. Our frequent and fascinating team-building events will keep you connected, while our donation-matching program can support the causes you care about. We’re building a long-term company with an inclusive culture where everyone can be the best version of themselves.&nbsp;</p>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="4048">At Postman we value in person collaboration. We are in office 5 days a week for all roles based out of our hubs in San Francisco Bay Area, Boston, Austin, Tokyo and London. For roles based in Bangalore, employees currently work in the office three days a week and will transition to five days per week by the end of the year. We were thoughtful in our approach which is based on collaboration and grounded in feedback from our workforce, leadership team, and peers. The benefits of our in office model will be shared knowledge, brainstorming sessions, communication, and building trust in-person that cannot be replicated via zoom.</p>
<h2 data-renderer-start-pos="3620"><strong data-renderer-mark="true">Our Values</strong></h2>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="3633">At Postman, we create with the same curiosity that we see in our users. We value transparency and honest communication about not only successes, but also failures. In our work, we focus on specific goals that add up to a larger vision. Our inclusive work culture ensures that everyone is valued equally as important pieces of our final product. We are dedicated to delivering the best products we can.</p>
<h2><strong>Equal opportunity</strong></h2>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="4048">Postman is an Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender perception or identity, national origin, age, marital status, protected veteran status, or disability status. Headhunters and recruitment agencies may not submit resumes/CVs through this website or directly to managers. Postman does not accept unsolicited headhunter and agency resumes. Postman will not pay fees to any third-party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with Postman.</p></div>