<h3><strong>This is Adyen</strong></h3>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Adyen provides payments, data, and financial products in a single solution for customers like Meta, Uber, H&amp;M, and Microsoft - making us the financial technology platform of choice. At Adyen, everything we do is engineered for ambition.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">For our teams, we create an environment with opportunities for our people to succeed, backed by the culture and support to ensure they are enabled to truly own their careers. We are motivated individuals who tackle unique technical challenges at scale and solve them as a team. Together, we deliver innovative and ethical solutions that help businesses achieve their ambitions faster.</span></p>
<h3><strong>Adyen Uplift</strong></h3>
<p>Joining Adyen Uplift means contributing to a powerful suite of solutions that helps merchants maximise conversion, control fraud, and reduce costs across the payment journey, powered by Adyen’s global transaction dataset and AI/ML powered automation. As an Engineering Manager, you will directly impact Adyen's ability to deliver best-in-class products that drive tangible value for our merchants.</p>
<p><strong>Adyen Protect</strong> is our mission-critical, real-time, machine learning-powered fraud engine that saves merchants millions of dollars by detecting and stopping fraud in real-time, globally. It acts as the shield for the world's fastest-growing businesses, ensuring a seamless checkout experience is never compromised by risk.</p>
<p>As an Engineering Manager, you will build, mentor, and coach a diverse and talented team. You should be comfortable streamlining the team's engineering operations, refining product requirements together with product and merchants and encouraging effective collaboration. As a critical role in the continued success of our organization, you will help to iterate our culture and build an amazing team environment that will create future leaders for Adyen.&nbsp;</p>
<h3><strong>What you'll do</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Lead the back-end Protect Core team with hands-on technical leadership, driving architecture strategy and raising the bar through active mentoring and technical guidance.</li>
<li>Work cross-functionally with Design, Product, Data Engineers, Machine Learning Engineers, Developers and other key stakeholders.</li>
<li>Have a multiplier effect by motivating team members and providing coaching in areas including but not limited to: engineering best practices, scalable architecture design, product roadmap discussions.</li>
<li>Maintain an inclusive team culture focused on autonomy, ownership, collaboration, communication, and impact.</li>
<li>Collaborate with different teams to design and implement new services with reliability/infra/data/dev in mind.</li>
<li>Set clear individual and team goals that align with our strategic engineering ambitions in close collaboration with the product manager.</li>
<li>Create an inspiring and collaborative team environment with an open communication/feedback culture.</li>
<li>Maintain an inclusive team culture focused on autonomy, ownership, collaboration, communication, and impact.</li>
<li>Recruit new team members who align with the Adyen culture and required skills.</li>
</ul>
<h3>&nbsp;<strong>Who you are</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Someone with affinity to the Protect domain.</li>
<li>An energetic self-starter experienced in creating alignment between multiple teams.</li>
<li>You are able to define, implement and monitor performance KPIs to quickly identify opportunities for improvement in existing systems.</li>
<li>Experienced in coaching and mentoring engineering talent.</li>
<li>Experienced in leading technical projects in a fast paced environment.</li>
<li>Experienced with collaborating with senior leadership to set strategic direction including product roadmaps.</li>
<li>An excellent communicator and team player with strong management skills and technical aptitude.</li>
<li>Someone who can clearly communicate about technical concepts to non-engineers.</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>Minimum Qualifications</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>2+ years experience in managing engineering teams within a mission-critical environment.&nbsp;</li>
<li>7+ years of experience in software development industry in a fast paced tech environment.</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>Our Diversity, Equity and Inclusion commitments</strong></h3>
<p>Our unique approach is a product of our diverse perspectives. This diversity of backgrounds and cultures is essential in helping us maintain our momentum. Our business and technical challenges are unique, and we need as many different voices as possible to join us in solving them - voices like yours. No matter who you are or where you’re from, we welcome you to be your true self at Adyen.</p>
<p>Studies show that women and members of underrepresented communities apply for jobs only if they meet 100% of the qualifications. Does this sound like you? If so, Adyen encourages you to reconsider and apply. We look forward to your application.</p>
<h3><strong>What’s next?</strong></h3>
<p>Ensuring a smooth and enjoyable candidate experience is critical for us. We aim to get back to you regarding your application within 5 business days. Our interview process tends to take about 4 weeks to complete, but may fluctuate depending on the role.<a href="https://careers.adyen.com/how-we-hire"> Learn more about our hiring process here</a>. Don’t be afraid to let us know if you need more flexibility.</p>
<p>Please note that this role is a full-time position in Amsterdam. It will require a relocation in case you live outside of the Netherlands.</p>