<h2><strong>About the Opportunity</strong></h2>
<p><strong>Become part of the AI revolution at Contentful where we build real world AI solutions for thousands of active customers.</strong><br>At Contentful you will help imagine, drive, and build ML solutions which produce immediate customer impact by helping them get more done than they ever imagined. We are looking for an excellent machine learning engineer who understands and has experience in this field and current Generative AI trends. If you're passionate about pushing the boundaries of what's achievable with ML products on a large scale content management system, we want you on our team.</p>
<h2><strong>What to expect?&nbsp;</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Measure and ensure the high-quality output of ML workloads for our enterprise customers.</li>
<li>Design, build, and measure production software in the Contentful Platform.</li>
<li>Conduct focused research and testing using tools like Jupyter Notebook.</li>
<li>Optimize generative AI products for accuracy, speed, and scalability.</li>
<li>Integrate ML cloud solutions and adapt them to our large-scale use cases.</li>
<li>Integrate prompt engineering and fine-tuning for customer use cases.</li>
<li>Develop software that scales to meet the demands of high-load customer workloads.</li>
<li>Lead design reviews with peers and stakeholders to decide amongst available technologies.</li>
<li>Drive the ML education in the team and establish a high standard of quality &amp; ownership</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>What you need to be successful?</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Proven experience as a technical leader in a product software development environment</li>
<li>Proven Track Record in Model Development, including successfully developing and deploying LLM-based models for various NLP tasks in real-world applications with production workloads</li>
<li>Proven ability to work backwards from customer needs to deliver ML-based features that meet those needs</li>
<li>Ability to organize and prioritize competing workloads</li>
<li>Familiarity with distributed systems and cloud services (e.g., AWS, Azure, GCP)</li>
<li>Solid understanding of machine learning principles</li>
<li>Experience with container frameworks such as Docker or Kubernetes</li>
<li>Constructive Problem-Solving: As a natural problem-solver, you bring forward ideas that lead to practical solutions and contribute to product growth.</li>
<li>Up-To-Date on The Latest Updates on LLM Development &amp; Research: From RAGs to Open-Source models over Agent Architectures – you have an inherent drive to stay up-to-date on what is the latest and greatest</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Preferred:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Background includes machine learning and AI implementation</li>
<li>You can translate a research paper into a PoC if the code does not exist</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>What’s in it for you?</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Join an ambitious tech company reshaping the way people build digital experiences</li>
<li>Full-time employees receive Stock Options for the opportunity to share in the success of our company</li>
<li>Fertility and family building benefits, including a lifetime reimbursable wallet to support your growing family.</li>
<li>We value<strong> Work-Life balance </strong>and<strong> You Time</strong>!<strong> </strong>A generous amount of paid time off, including vacation days, sick days,&nbsp; education days, compassion days for loss, and volunteer days</li>
<li>Time off to care for and focus on your growing family&nbsp;</li>
<li>Use your personal annual education budget to improve your skills and grow in your career</li>
<li>Enjoy a full range of virtual and in-person events, including workshops, guest speakers, and fun team activities, supporting learning and networking exchange beyond the usual work duties&nbsp;</li>
<li>An annual wellbeing stipend to care for your physical, financial, or emotional health</li>
<li>A monthly communication phone/internet stipend and phone hardware upgrade reimbursement.</li>
<li>New hire office equipment stipend for hybrid or distributed employees. Get the gear you need to work at your best.</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><h2><strong>Who are we?</strong></h2>
<p>Contentful is a leading <strong>digital experience platform</strong> that helps modern businesses meet the growing demand for engaging, personalized content at scale. By blending composability with native <strong>AI</strong> capabilities, Contentful enables dynamic personalization, automated content delivery, and real-time experimentation, powering next-generation digital experiences across brands, regions, and channels for more than 4,200 organizations worldwide. More than <strong>700 people</strong> from more than <strong>70 nations</strong> contribute their energy and creativity to Contentful, working from hubs in Berlin, Denver, San Francisco, London, New York, and distributed worldwide.</p>
<h2><strong>Everyone is welcome here!</strong></h2>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;"><strong>“Everyone is welcome here”</strong> is a celebrated component of our culture. At Contentful, we strive to create an inclusive environment that empowers our employees. We believe that our products and services benefit from our diverse backgrounds and experiences, and we are proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applications will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, age, physical [dis]ability, or length of time spent unemployed. We invite you to apply and join us!</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">If you need reasonable accommodations at any point during the application or interview process, please let your recruiting coordinator know.</span></p>
<p class="p1"><span style="color: #3e3e3e;"><em>Please be aware of scammers who may fraudulently allege to be from Contentful. These types of fraud can be carried out through copycat websites, fake email addresses claiming to be from our company, or social media. We do not ask for your personal information, such as bank account numbers, identification numbers, etc, through social media or chat-based apps, nor do we request or send money for the purchase of business equipment. If you suspect fraud, please report it to your local authorities, as well as reach out to us at <a href="mailto:security-esk@contentful.com" target="\_blank">security-esk@contentful.com</a> </em></span><span style="color: #3e3e3e;"><em>with any information you may have.</em></span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">By clicking “Apply for this job,” I acknowledge that I have read the “</span><a href="https://www.contentful.com/legal/us/privacy-notice-to-candidates/privacy/" target="\_blank"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Contentful’s Candidate Privacy Notice</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">” and hereby consent to the collection, processing, use, and storage of my personal information as described therein.</span></p></div>