<p><strong>This is Adyen</strong></p>
<p>Adyen provides payments, data, and financial products in a single solution for customers like Facebook, Uber, H&amp;M, and Microsoft - making us the financial technology platform of choice. At Adyen, everything we do is engineered for ambition.&nbsp;</p>
<p>For our teams, we create an environment with opportunities for our people to succeed, backed by the culture and support to ensure they are enabled to truly own their careers. We are motivated individuals who tackle unique technical challenges at scale and solve them as a team. Together, we deliver innovative and ethical solutions that help businesses achieve their ambitions faster.</p>
<p><strong>What you’ll do</strong></p>
<p>As a KYC Operations Team Lead, based in Madrid, you will lead a team that is in charge of performing KYC &amp; CDD checks on our customer base from across the globe. You will guide the team to <strong>ensure we are adhering to our compliance standards, meeting our SLA’s while providing an excellent customer experience.&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>Our teams work closely with our commercial, compliance and product teams while collaborating with some of the world’s biggest companies in order to ensure compliance with rules and regulations. You will become a part of our growth in improving customer onboarding experience as well as scaling Adyen to the next level.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Your team is extremely&nbsp;<strong>customer-focused, highly motivated, and thrives on shared success</strong>. You will be part of a global team with diverse backgrounds and skill sets.&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>You will lead the team that is responsible for the Know Your Customer (KYC) process during the <strong>onboarding of new merchants</strong> to ensure it is done efficiently and complying with all regulations.</li>
<li>You will <strong>define and clearly communicate key objectives</strong>, goals, and SLAs for the team.</li>
<li>You will <strong>evaluate performance</strong> through metrics, track team progress and success, and present results to Senior Leadership while being ultimately responsible for all decision-making regarding your team.</li>
<li>You will <strong>coach, mentor, and manage members</strong> of the team and give direct feedback</li>
<li>You will <strong>recruit and onboard</strong> talented CDD/KYC Analysts who can contribute to Adyen and our merchants’ growth.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>This role is based out of our Madrid office. We are an office-first company and value in-person collaboration; we do not offer remote-only roles.</strong></p>
<p><strong>Who you are</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>You are a <strong>people leader with at least 2 years of people management experience</strong>, preferably in Operations, Support, or Compliance.&nbsp;</li>
<li>You have <strong>led operational teams</strong> before, with proven success in ensuring KPIs and SLAs are met while <strong>working cross-functionally</strong> with different business units across the globe.</li>
<li>You have a basic <strong>understanding of KYC processes and best practices</strong>, within FinTech, banking, payments, or other financial industries.</li>
<li>You are innovative, focused on <strong>problem-solving and</strong> able to improve operational processes through automation and efficiency measures.</li>
<li>You have <strong>exceptional stakeholder management skills</strong> and are used to working on an international and global team.</li>
<li>You are an <strong>excellent communicator in English</strong>, easily collaborating with both technical and non-technical people.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Our Diversity, Equity and Inclusion commitments&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>Our unique approach is a product of our diverse perspectives. This diversity of backgrounds and cultures is essential in helping us maintain our momentum. Our business and technical challenges are unique, and we need as many different voices as possible to join us in solving them - voices like yours. No matter who you are or where you’re from, we welcome you to be your true self at Adyen.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Studies show that women and members of underrepresented communities apply for jobs only if they meet 100% of the qualifications. Does this sound like you? If so, Adyen encourages you to reconsider and apply. We look forward to your application!</p>
<p><strong>What’s next?</strong></p>
<p>Ensuring a smooth and enjoyable candidate experience is critical for us. We aim to get back to you regarding your application within 5 business days. Our interview process tends to take about 4 weeks to complete, but may fluctuate depending on the role. <a href="https://careers.adyen.com/how-we-hire">Learn more about our hiring process here</a>. Don’t be afraid to let us know if you need more flexibility.</p>
<p><strong>Our Diversity, Equity and Inclusion commitments&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>Our unique approach is a product of our diverse perspectives. This diversity of backgrounds and cultures is essential in helping us maintain our momentum. Our business and technical challenges are unique, and we need as many different voices as possible to join us in solving them - voices like yours. No matter who you are or where you’re from, we welcome you to be your true self at Adyen.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Studies show that women and members of underrepresented communities apply for jobs only if they meet 100% of the qualifications. Does this sound like you? If so, Adyen encourages you to reconsider and apply. We look forward to your application!</p>