<div class="content-intro"><h2><span data-sheets-root="1">About Wolt</span></h2>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">At Wolt, we create technology that brings joy, simplicity and earnings to the neighborhoods of the world. In 2014 we started with delivery of restaurant food. Now we’re building the delivery of (almost) everything and you’ll find us in over 500 cities in 30 countries around the world. In 2022 we joined forces with DoorDash and together we keep on dreaming big and expanding across the globe.<br><br>Working at Wolt isn’t always easy, but it’s definitely exciting. Here you’ll learn more, build more, and ship more than in most other companies. You’ll be challenged a lot, but also have a lot of fun on the way. So, if you’re a self-starter with drive and entrepreneurial spirit, this could be the ride of your life.</span></p></div><p>At Wolt, we create technology that brings joy, simplicity and earnings to the neighborhoods of the world. In 2014 we started with delivery of restaurant food. Now we’re building the delivery of (almost) everything and you’ll find us in over 500 cities in 30 countries around the world. In 2022 we joined forces with DoorDash and together we keep on dreaming big and expanding across the globe.</p>
<p>Working at Wolt isn’t always easy, but it’s definitely exciting. Here you’ll learn more, build more, and ship more than in most other companies. You’ll be challenged a lot, but also have a lot of fun on the way. So, if you’re a self-starter with drive and entrepreneurial spirit, this could be the ride of your life.</p>
<p>At Wolt, our Merchant Operations teams are at the heart of what we do, ensuring that all merchant partners are set up for success with a seamless onboarding, menu, and photo experience.&nbsp; As Wolt continues to grow in scale and scope, our merchant engine must evolve alongside it. That’s why we’ve built a dedicated Catalog team, responsible for managing all items displayed on our platform and within our internal catalog systems. If you’re passionate about structured data, automation, and enabling local growth through high-quality content, this is your opportunity to shape the foundation of Wolt’s retail and restaurant experience.</p>
<h2>What you’ll be doing</h2>
<p>As a Catalog Associate you will manage product data in Wolt’s catalog, ensuring accuracy, compliance, and alignment with quality standards. You’ll create, review, and update partner assortments to reflect in-store offerings. In this role, you’ll work closely with internal and external stakeholders to ensure consistent data standards and contribute to high-quality catalog and assortment outcomes.</p>
<h2>Key Responsibilities:</h2>
<ul>
<li>Create and maintain product data in Wolt’s catalog, including names, descriptions, prices, availability, images, and compliance details.</li>
<li>Ensure product information meets quality and compliance standards across retail offerings.</li>
<li>Create, review, and update partner assortments to reflect in-store offerings.</li>
<li>Work with large datasets in Google Sheets and leverage AI tools to efficiently manage and improve catalog quality.</li>
<li>Upload and manage media content, such as images and logos, to enhance the customer experience.</li>
<li>Collaborate with cross-functional teams (e.g., Product, Account Management, Sales) to improve data quality and processes.</li>
<li>Contribute to process improvements to enhance data accuracy and operational performance.</li>
</ul>
<h2>Our humble expectations&nbsp;</h2>
<ul>
<li>A positive and proactive mindset with strong problem solving skills. Seeing challenges as opportunities and taking ownership of your work.</li>
<li>Customer &amp; quality-centric mindset, with a strong commitment to data accuracy and quality.</li>
<li>Comfortable working in Excel or Google Sheets.</li>
<li>Experience working with large datasets; familiarity with AI tools is a plus.</li>
<li>High attention to detail, ensuring consistency and quality across all product data &amp; content.</li>
<li>Motivated to continuously learn and improve, and comfortable adapting in a fast-paced, dynamic setting.</li>
<li>A team player with a collaborative mindset and ambition to grow with the team &amp; our vision.</li>
<li>Ability to prioritize and manage multiple tasks effectively.</li>
<li>Fluent in Swedish and English, both written and spoken.</li>
</ul>
<h2>Why you’ll love it</h2>
<ul>
<li><strong>🚀Global and growing fast: </strong>Be part of a fast-moving scaleup</li>
<li><strong>🤩Ride of a lifetime: </strong>Accelerate your career and build your sales skills&nbsp;</li>
<li><strong>💪Instant impact: </strong>Take ownership and make a difference</li>
<li><strong>💙Big hearts and small egos: </strong>Surround yourself with smart, friendly people</li>
</ul>
<h2>Next steps</h2>
<p>If you are excited about working in a high-growth environment, taking ownership, and being part of an extremely ambitious team, then click below to apply, make sure to add your CV and get the conversation going!&nbsp;</p>
<p>We will be reviewing applications on an on-going basis. If this sounds like an opportunity you want to pursue, apply today!&nbsp; 💙</p>
<p><iframe src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/GoL541\_xj9w" width="560" height="314"></iframe></p><div class="content-conclusion"><h2><span data-sheets-root="1">Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion</span></h2>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">We’re committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. That’s why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.</span></p></div>