<p>
  <strong>Headquarters:</strong> Spain
</p>

 <p><strong> What makes you a great match</strong></p><ul> <li>5+ years of proven experience in iGaming product management on operator or platform side; </li> <li>Strong analytical and business mindset, with deep understanding of KPIs and their impact on growth; </li> <li>Leadership experience: proven track record of leading and developing teams of 5+ people; </li> <li>Solid knowledge of games operations and player lifecycle in a WL environment; </li> <li>General technical background: understanding of task flows, platform–frontend interaction, and how new features are built; </li> <li>Excellent communication and stakeholder management skills.</li> </ul><p></p><p><strong> Your daily adventures</strong></p><ul> <li>Lead the iGaming product strategy across markets; focus on revenue growth, retention and player experience; </li> <li>Own and analyze product performance metrics (GGR, NGR, retention, ARPU/ARPPU, conversion, payment funnels); </li> <li>Identify dependencies with traffic, CRM, payments and retention teams; ensure product initiatives are aligned and data-driven; </li> <li>Manage, mentor and scale a team of 5+ product and operations specialists; set clear priorities and develop talent; </li> <li>Work closely with platform providers and content partners; optimize the game portfolio, promotions and features;</li> <li>Monitor industry trends and competitor activities; ensure competitiveness in the WL model. </li> </ul><p></p> <p> <strong>Flexible payment options:</strong> choose the method that works best for you.</p><p> <strong>Tax assistance included: </strong>we handle part of your taxes and provide guidance on the local setup.</p><p> <strong>Financial perks:</strong> Bonuses for holidays, B-day, work milestones and more - just to show we care.</p><p> <strong>Learn &amp; grow: </strong>We cover courses and certifications — and offer real opportunities to grow your career with us.</p><p> <strong>Benefit Сafeteria:</strong> Choose what suits you — sports, language courses, therapy sessions, and more.</p><p> <strong>Stay connected: </strong>From team-building events to industry conferences — we bring people together online, offline, and on stage.</p><p> <strong>Modern Equipment:</strong> We provide new laptops along with essential peripherals like monitors and headphones for a comfortable workflow.</p><p> <strong>Your schedule, your rules: </strong>Start your day at 9, 10, or even 11 — we care about results, not clock-ins.</p>

<p><strong>To apply:</strong> <a href="https://weworkremotely.com/remote-jobs/gypsy-collective-head-of-product">https://weworkremotely.com/remote-jobs/gypsy-collective-head-of-product</a></p>