<p>We’re a new team building AI-assisted tools to make Datadog developers more effective, by autonomously generating tests, fixing bugs, and improving performance.</p>
<p>We’re looking for a product-minded generalist to help us quickly define and ship products that make all Datadog customers 10x developers.</p>
<p><em>At Datadog, we place value in our office culture - the relationships and collaboration it builds and the creativity it brings to the table. We operate as a hybrid workplace to ensure our Datadogs can create a work-life harmony that best fits them.</em></p>
<h4>&nbsp;</h4>
<h4>What You’ll Do:</h4>
<ul>
<li>Work closely with our users, designers, PMs, and data scientists on cutting edge and delightful LLM-based agents.</li>
<li>Work on prompts, evals, and agent tools for working with code, and on the engineering to productionize these systems and integrate them with Datadog products.</li>
<li>Prototype and see what works well in the real world, iterate closely with our users, and then ship.</li>
<li>Follow the latest research on LLM prompting, agents, and code editing.</li>
<li>Work with other Datadog teams to expand capabilities, for example integrating with the Datadog IDE extensions to deliver a CoPilot-like assistant, or Dynamic Instrumentation to collect more runtime data from production and pre-production environments.</li>
</ul>
<h4>&nbsp;</h4>
<h4>Who You Are:</h4>
<ul>
<li>You’re a backend engineer with at least 5 years of professional experience (Go, Java, Python) who values code simplicity and performance. You’ve shipped software that uses LLMs to production.</li>
<li>You are passionate about Generative AI and its ability to help software engineers be more productive.</li>
<li>You have relevant experience with Large Language Models, large-scale systems and data sets, machine learning, or adjacent fields.</li>
<li>You are a great community ambassador and can drive hard technical conversations towards a pragmatic solution.</li>
<li>You want to work in a fast, high-growth startup environment that respects its engineers and customers.</li>
<li>You have experience writing developer tools (such as IDEs, static code analysis tools, or compilers).</li>
<li>You have demonstrated ability to use AI coding tools in day-to-day workflows and validate, critique, and refine AI-generated output.</li>
<li>Bonus: you’re motivated to push the boundaries of how AI can improve software engineering best practices and contribute to building AI-enabled products.</li>
</ul>
<p><em>Datadog values people from all walks of life. We understand not everyone will meet all the above qualifications on day one. That's okay. If you’re passionate about technology and want to grow your skills, we encourage you to apply.<br><br></em></p>
<p><strong>Benefits and Growth:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>New hire stock equity (RSUs) and employee stock purchase plan (ESPP)</li>
<li>Continuous professional development, product training, and career pathing</li>
<li>Intradepartmental mentor and buddy program for in-house networking</li>
<li>An inclusive company culture, ability to join our Community Guilds (Datadog employee resource groups)</li>
<li>Access to Inclusion Talks, our Internal panel discussions</li>
<li>Free, global mental health benefits for employees and dependents age 6+</li>
<li>Competitive global benefits</li>
</ul>
<p><br><em>Benefits and Growth listed above may vary based on the country of your employment and the nature of your employment with Datadog.</em></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p style="color: white;">#LI-Hybrid</p><div class="content-conclusion"><hr>
<p><strong>About Datadog:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>Datadog (NASDAQ: DDOG) is a global SaaS business, delivering a rare combination of growth and profitability. We are on a mission to break down silos and solve complexity in the cloud age by enabling digital transformation, cloud migration, and infrastructure monitoring of our customers’ entire technology stacks. Built by engineers, for engineers, Datadog is used by organizations of all sizes across a wide range of industries. Together, we champion professional development, diversity of thought, innovation, and work excellence to empower continuous growth. Join the pack and become part of a collaborative, pragmatic, and thoughtful people-first community where we solve tough problems, take smart risks, and celebrate one another. Learn more about #DatadogLife on <a href="https://www.instagram.com/datadoghq/?hl=en" target="\_blank">Instagram</a>, <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/company/datadog" target="\_blank">LinkedIn,</a> and <a href="https://learn.datadoghq.com/" target="\_blank">Datadog Learning Center. </a></p>
<hr>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="215"><strong data-renderer-mark="true">Equal Opportunity at Datadog:</strong></p>
<p>Datadog is proud to offer <a href="https://www.eeoc.gov/sites/default/files/2023-06/22-088\_EEOC\_KnowYourRights6.12ScreenRdr.pdf" target="\_blank">equal employment opportunity</a> to everyone regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity, veteran status, and other characteristics protected by law. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. Here are our <a href="https://www.datadoghq.com/legal/candidate-legal-notices/" target="\_blank">Candidate Legal Notices</a> for your reference.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Datadog endeavors to make our Careers Page accessible to all users. If you would like to contact us regarding the accessibility of our website or need assistance completing the application process, please complete <a href="https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSeoJeduEZ2NdZF\_65uZmWUrCM-zee7yADXX1s6Xr9zAGq8iKA/viewform" target="\_blank">this form</a>. This form is for accommodation requests only and cannot be used to inquire about the status of applications.&nbsp;</p>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="662"><strong data-renderer-mark="true">Privacy and AI Guidelines:</strong></p>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="662">Any information you submit to Datadog as part of your application will be processed in accordance with Datadog’s&nbsp;<a class="c-link" href="https://www.datadoghq.com/legal/applicant-candidate-privacy/" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://www.datadoghq.com/legal/applicant-candidate-privacy/" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">Applicant and Candidate Privacy Notice</a>. For information on our AI policy, please visit <a href="https://www.datadoghq.com/legal/interviewing-at-datadog-ai-guidelines/" target="\_blank">Interviewing at Datadog AI Guidelines</a>.</p></div>