<div class="content-intro"><p><strong>Secure Every Identity, from AI to Human<br><br></strong>Identity is the key to unlocking the potential of AI. Okta secures AI by building the trusted, neutral infrastructure that enables organizations to safely embrace this new era. This work requires a relentless drive to solve complex challenges with real-world stakes. We are looking for builders and owners who operate with speed and urgency and execute with excellence.<br><br>This is an opportunity to do career-defining work. We're all in on this mission. If you are too, let's talk.</p></div><p><strong>The Commercial LATAM Team</strong></p>
<p>Account Executives at Okta strive to help prospects and customers modernize IT, build customer experiences, and prevent breaches by mapping our solutions to their needs. By understanding the specific challenges that both prospects and customers are faced with, you will help them achieve the desired positive business outcomes with our solutions. You will cultivate tight-knit relationships with customers and key partners while maintaining knowledge of Okta’s evolving technology. In this high-velocity role, expect to own deals from cradle-to-grave in collaboration with account teams, sales engineers, professional services, and partners.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>The Sr. Commercial Account Executive Opportunity</strong></p>
<p>Reporting to the LATAM Area Sales Director, Commercial Sales, Okta’s Sr. Commercial Account Executive manages the sales processes for commercial customers (less than 2000 employees) located in the south cone region. The right candidate for the position will enjoy closing new logos while simultaneously managing and expanding a book of install base customers. Our AE’s organize and conduct sales presentations, site visits and product demonstrations to prospects and represent Okta in a consistent, effective and professional manner to best develop and win new clients.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>What you’ll be doing&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Manage the sales process for small to medium-sized new logo customers from demo to contract negotiation</li>
<li>Expand business within existing Okta customers by building long-term strategic relationships with key accounts.</li>
<li>Develop and execute against an assigned quota and territory plan</li>
<li>Prospect, forecast, build and maintain a sales pipeline with assigned Sales Development Representatives</li>
<li>Present to C-level executives in the field and via web demonstrations</li>
<li>Partner with ISV's and strategic partners to win revenue for Okta</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>What you’ll bring to the role</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>5+ years of sales and account management experience in a SaaS/Cloud B2B environment</li>
<li>Experience selling into south cone region preferred</li>
<li>A proven track record of success selling in territory to mid-sized and/or enterprise customers</li>
<li>ISV or Channel experience is strongly preferred&nbsp;&nbsp;</li>
<li>IT/Security sales experience is strongly preferred</li>
<li>Ability to travel 10%-20%</li>
<li>BS/BA degree preferred</li>
<li>Must be able to travel to customers, events, and team offsites</li>
<li>Must be fluent in Spanish</li>
<li>Please note this role is not eligible for sponsorship</li>
</ul>
<p>#LI-KT1</p>
<p>P19567</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong><br>The Okta Experience</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><a href="http://rewards.okta.com">Supporting Your Well-Being</a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="https://www.okta.com/company/okta-for-good/">Driving Social Impact&nbsp;</a></li>
<li><a href="https://www.okta.com/company/talent-connection-community/">Developing Talent and Fostering Connection + Community</a></li>
</ul>
<p>We are intentional about connection. Our global community, spanning over 20 offices worldwide, is united by a drive to innovate. Your journey begins with an immersive, in-person onboarding experience designed to accelerate your impact and connect you to our mission and team from day one.<br><br>Okta is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, marital status, age, physical or mental disability, or status as a protected veteran. We also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and convictions records, consistent with applicable laws.<br><br>If reasonable accommodation is needed to complete any part of the job application, interview process, or onboarding please&nbsp;<a href="https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1EfiEYZrIyhA2X4Fijk0R3RKYOzNoS3wtvyM4nhbZnXE/edit">use this Form</a> to request an accommodation.<br><br>Notice for New York City Applicants &amp; Employees: Okta may use Automated Employment Decision Tools (AEDT), as defined by New York City Local Law 144, that use artificial intelligence, machine learning, or other automated processes to assist in our recruitment and hiring process. In accordance with NYC Local Law 144, if you are an applicant or employee residing in New York City, please&nbsp;<a href="https://talent.okta.com/new-york-city-aedt-notice.html">click here</a> to view our full NYC AEDT Notice.<br><br>Okta is committed to complying with applicable data privacy and security laws and regulations. For more information, please see our Personnel and Job Candidate Privacy Notice at&nbsp;<a href="https://www.okta.com/legal/personnel-policy/">https://www.okta.com/legal/personnel-policy/</a>.</p></div>