<p>We are looking for a<strong> Senior Medical Lead</strong> to join our <strong>Medical Excellence</strong> team<strong>.</strong></p>
<p>At Doctolib, we're setting a new pulse for healthcare. We create AI-powered solutions that help health professionals deliver better care, and help people be healthier. As a Medical Lead, you'll play a critical role in delivering medical innovations with direct public health impact.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Reporting to the Chief Medical Officer, you will be responsible for the scientific and medical quality and delivery of our patient generalist health companion, particularly its AI Health Assistant. Working hand in hand with product and tech teams, you'll ensure we build medically robust software products</p>
<p>Your responsibilities include but are not limited to:</p>
<ul>
<li>Being accountable for the medical quality of the product and ensuring we build the best solutions from a scientific and medical standpoint</li>
<li>Driving medical value and risk assessments to ensure the development of qualitative, safe, and reliable products, and reviewing related specifications</li>
<li>Developing and validating medical features to ensure accuracy and quality, including AI model performance evaluation</li>
<li>Maintaining medical features and content up to date to provide health professionals with accurate and current medical information</li>
<li>Participating in the definition and implementation of the medical knowledge strategy for your product scope</li>
<li>Conducting scientific and medical bibliography to ensure all content and products rely on trusted sources</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Who you are</strong></h2>
<p>Before you read on: if you don't have the exact profile described below, but you feel this job description matches your skill set, we still encourage you to apply.</p>
<p>You could be our next team mate if you:</p>
<ul>
<li>You have at least 3-5 years of clinical experience as a medical doctor&nbsp;</li>
<li>You are an expert in statistics and epidemiology, and thrive with numbers and analytical work</li>
<li>You have previous experience in healthtech and software development environments</li>
<li>You are structured, detail-oriented, and have a strong analytical mindset with excellent project management and communication skills</li>
<li>You are fluent in French and English</li>
</ul>
<p>Now it would be fantastic if you:</p>
<ul>
<li>You are fluent in German or Italian</li>
<li>You have a double engineer/medical doctor background</li>
<li>You have a PhD in statistics or epidemiology</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>What we offer</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Free comprehensive health insurance for you and your children</li>
<li>25 days of paid vacation per year, plus up to 14 days of RTT</li>
<li>Free mental health and coaching services through our partner Moka.care</li>
<li>Work from abroad for up to 10 days per year thanks to our flexibility days policy</li>
<li>Lunch vouchers (Swile card) worth €8.50 per working day, with €4.50 covered by Doctolib</li>
<li>A subsidy from the work council to refund part of the membership to a sport club or a creative class</li>
<li>50% reimbursement of your public transport subscription</li>
<li>Parent Care Program: receive one additional month of leave on top of the legal parental leave</li>
<li>For caregivers and workers with disabilities, a package including an adaptation of the remote policy, extra days off for medical reasons, and psychological support</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>The interview process</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Talent Acquisition Interview</li>
<li>Interview with our CMO</li>
<li>Case Study&nbsp;</li>
<li>Final Interview</li>
<li>At least one reference check</li>
<li>Offer!</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Job details</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Permanent position</li>
<li>80-100% FTE</li>
<li>Levallois-Perret</li>
<li>Start date: Asap</li>
<li>Compensation: fixed + bonus on objectives (according to your profile)</li>
</ul>
<p><em>At Doctolib, we are committed to improving access to healthcare for everyone. This translates into our recruitment process. We evaluate candidates based solely on qualifications and motivation, without any form of discrimination.</em></p>
<p><em>The more diverse ideas are heard, the more our product will truly improve healthcare for all. You are welcome to apply to Doctolib, regardless of your gender, religion, age, sexual orientation, ethnicity, disability.</em></p>
<p><em>To ensure equal opportunities, we invite you to exclude personal information (e.g. pictures, age) from your applications. If you require any accommodation, please let us know for support during the hiring process.</em></p>
<p><em>Join us in building the healthcare we all dream of!</em></p>
<p><em>All information provided is processed by Doctolib for application management. For data processing details, click here:</em><a href="https://doctolib.legal/B2C-Privacy-Policy-Career-FR"><em> </em><em>France</em></a><em>. Please contact hr.dataprivacy(at)doctolib.com for inquiries or to exercise your rights.</em></p>
<h2>&nbsp;</h2>
<p>&nbsp;</p>