<p>
  <strong>Headquarters:</strong> Remote,Tutzing,Remote UK,Büro UK,Remote Niederlande,Büro Niederlande,Metropolregion München
</p>

<p><span><span>This is a vacancy for a hybrid or on-site role at our HQ in&nbsp;</span><span>Tutzing</span><span>. We encourage applications from all qualified candidates, regardless of gender identity.</span></span><span>&nbsp;</span></p><p><span><span>As&nbsp;</span><span>we</span><span>&nbsp;</span><span>continuously</span><span>&nbsp;</span><span>expand</span><span>&nbsp;and&nbsp;</span><span>improve</span><span>&nbsp;</span><span>our</span><span>&nbsp;Data&nbsp;</span><span>Platform</span><span>,&nbsp;</span><span>we</span><span>&nbsp;</span><span>are</span><span>&nbsp;</span><span>seeking</span><span>&nbsp;a <strong>Senior&nbsp;</strong></span><span><strong>Product</strong></span><span><strong>&nbsp;Manager</strong> (m/f/x)&nbsp;</span><span>to</span><span>&nbsp;</span><span>join</span><span>&nbsp;</span><span>our</span><span>&nbsp;</span><span>Product</span><span>&nbsp;&amp; Engineering&nbsp;</span><span>department</span><span>. This&nbsp;</span><span>department</span><span>&nbsp;</span><span>is</span><span>&nbsp;</span><span>responsible</span><span>&nbsp;</span><span>for</span><span>&nbsp;</span><span>the</span><span>&nbsp;design,&nbsp;</span><span>development</span><span>, and&nbsp;</span><span>growth</span><span>&nbsp;</span><span>of</span><span>&nbsp;</span><span>our</span><span>&nbsp;Data&nbsp;</span><span>Platform</span><span>, Data Network, and&nbsp;</span><span>connected</span><span>&nbsp;Data Products. In&nbsp;</span><span>this</span><span>&nbsp;</span><span>role</span><span>,&nbsp;</span><span>you</span><span>&nbsp;will&nbsp;</span><span>work</span><span>&nbsp;</span><span>closely</span><span>&nbsp;</span><span>with</span><span>&nbsp;</span><span>the</span><span>&nbsp;CPO and&nbsp;</span><span>cross-functional</span><span>&nbsp;</span><span>teams</span><span>&nbsp;</span><span>to</span><span>&nbsp;</span><span>execute</span><span>&nbsp;on</span><span>&nbsp;</span><span>the</span><span>&nbsp;</span><span>product</span><span>&nbsp;</span><span>strategy</span><span>&nbsp;and&nbsp;</span><span>ensure</span><span>&nbsp;</span><span>alignment</span><span>&nbsp;</span><span>across</span><span>&nbsp;</span><span>product</span><span>&nbsp;initiatives.&nbsp;</span><span>You</span><span>&nbsp;will&nbsp;</span><span>lead</span><span>&nbsp;</span><span>product</span><span>&nbsp;</span><span>development</span><span>&nbsp;</span><span>cycles</span><span>,&nbsp;</span><span>ensure</span><span>&nbsp;</span><span>successful</span><span>&nbsp;</span><span>product</span><span>&nbsp;</span><span>outcomes</span><span>, and&nbsp;</span><span>advocate</span><span>&nbsp;</span><span>for</span><span>&nbsp;</span><span>the</span><span>&nbsp;</span><span>voice</span><span>&nbsp;</span><span>of</span><span>&nbsp;</span><span>the</span><span>&nbsp;</span><span>customer</span><span>.</span>&nbsp;</span></p><p><span>Ready to make an impact?</span></p><ul><li>Defining and helping to evolve the product strategy for specific product areas, collaborating closely with the CPO and cross-functional teams.&nbsp;</li><li>Conducting market research and competitive analysis to identify opportunities and ensure the product’s positioning aligns with customer needs.&nbsp;</li><li>Developing and maintaining the product roadmap for your assigned areas with clear goals and timelines, aligning with Engineering Leads.&nbsp;</li><li>Collaborating with Product Marketing to support product launches and ensure product messaging resonates with the target audience.&nbsp;</li><li>Contributing to the improvement of the product management process by ensuring tools and processes are clearly defined and effectively implemented.&nbsp;</li><li>Utilizing data and analytics to make informed decisions, prioritizing features, and optimizing the product lifecycle.&nbsp;</li><li>Driving product launches and collaborating on go-to-market strategies with cross-functional teams.</li></ul><div><ul><li><span><span>5+ years in Product Management, with experience in managing complex, technical products.</span></span></li><li><span><span>Demonstrated&nbsp;ability&nbsp;to&nbsp;work&nbsp;cross-functionally&nbsp;to&nbsp;deliver&nbsp;products&nbsp;from&nbsp;concept&nbsp;to&nbsp;launch,&nbsp;aligning&nbsp;teams&nbsp;and&nbsp;stakeholders.</span></span></li><li><span><span>Experience in technical infrastructure software products with on-premises deployment options. Experience with data integration is a plus.</span></span></li><li><span><span>Proven&nbsp;track record&nbsp;of using data and insights to drive decision-making and improve products.</span></span></li><li><span><span>Knowledge&nbsp;of&nbsp;modern&nbsp;software&nbsp;development&nbsp;methodologies,&nbsp;with&nbsp;experience&nbsp;collaborating&nbsp;effectively&nbsp;with&nbsp;engineering&nbsp;teams.</span></span></li><li><span><span>Strong&nbsp;communication&nbsp;skills&nbsp;with&nbsp;the&nbsp;ability&nbsp;to&nbsp;present&nbsp;to&nbsp;and&nbsp;engage&nbsp;with&nbsp;stakeholders&nbsp;at all&nbsp;levels.</span></span></li><li><span><span>Proficiency in English is required. German language skills are a plus.</span></span></li></ul></div><ul><li>Opportunity to work flexibly from home</li><li>30 vacation days per year</li><li>Modern offices in Germany, the Netherlands, and the UK</li><li>Location-specific benefits packages (your recruiter will be happy to provide more details during your first chat)</li><li>Company-sponsored business travel</li></ul><span>For this role, we are open to working with specialists based in <strong><span>Germany, the Netherlands,&nbsp;</span></strong>or<strong><span>&nbsp;the UK</span></strong>. Whether you prefer working <strong><span>on-site at our offices</span></strong> in <strong><span>Tutzing, Rotterdam, or Leeds</span></strong>, or&nbsp;<strong><span>remotely from a location within one of these countries</span></strong>, we’re happy to accommodate your preferred working style.<br><br></span><span><strong>If you’re excited about this role but don’t meet every qualification, we encourage you to apply!&nbsp;</strong></span><span><br></span><span><br></span><em><span>Lobster is an equal opportunity employer. We are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive environment where empathy and respect guide our interactions.</span></em>

<p><strong>To apply:</strong> <a href="https://weworkremotely.com/remote-jobs/lobster-senior-product-manager">https://weworkremotely.com/remote-jobs/lobster-senior-product-manager</a></p>