<section data-ui="job-description">
<p>MinIO is the industry leader in high-performance object storage and the company behind the world’s fastest, most widely deployed object store, powering production infrastructure for more than half of the Fortune 500, including 9 of the 10 largest global automakers and all 10 of the largest U.S. banks. Our enterprise offering, AIStor, is engineered to handle the scale, speed, and pressure of modern AI and analytics, from terabytes to exabytes, all in a single namespace.</p>
<p>As a Site Reliability Engineer, you will work closely with customers as well as the engineering team on enhancing, optimizing, validating and automating our cloud-native storage platform. Your role will be a mix of DevOps and software engineering to assure that MinIo is delivering a very high quality product with high-performance, scalability and durability to enable seamless data storage and retrieval for demanding workloads for customers.</p>
<p>This role requires deep expertise in DevOps practices, SRE, systems programming, distributed computing, and storage architectures. You will work closely with a world-class team of engineers to push the boundaries of object storage performance and reliability.</p>
<p><strong>What You Will Do:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Enhance, optimize, validate and automate core MinIO software for performance, scalability, and security.</li>
<li>Help building and delivering high-performance distributed storage solutions with a focus on cloud-native architectures.</li>
<li>Validate the MinIO Software according to customer environment and requirements, ensuring no surprises are observed at customer deployments.</li>
<li>Improve existing features, fix critical issues, and contribute to open-source repositories.</li>
<li>Collaborate with other engineers to refine architecture, APIs, and integrations.</li>
<li>Write efficient, well-documented, and maintainable code.</li>
<li>Conduct performance benchmarking and debugging of complex storage environments.</li>
<li>Work closely with customers to address issues, and manage expectations.</li>
</ul>
</section>
<section data-ui="job-requirements">
<p><strong>Your Skills and Experience:</strong></p>
<div>
<ul>
<li>Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or a related field.</li>
<li>5+ years of professional experience in software engineering.</li>
<li>Desire and ability to directly work with customers to solve their problem with product enhancement and automation.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Experience in DevOps, GitOps, Automation and testing frameworks.</li>
<li>Expertise in distributed systems, networking, or high-performance computing.</li>
<li>Experience with cloud-native technologies (Kubernetes, containers, microservices).</li>
<li>Strong proficiency in Go desired (or deep experience in C/C++/Rust with a willingness to learn Go).</li>
<li>Deep understanding of storage systems, file systems, or databases.</li>
<li>Strong problem-solving skills and experience debugging complex, large-scale applications.</li>
<li>Contributions to open-source projects are a plus.</li>
<li>Ability to work in a fast-moving, collaborative environment with a strong sense of ownership.</li>
<li>Empathy towards the customer and ability to quickly dig in to resolve any customer issue.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Passion for innovation and staying current with technology trends.</li>
<li>Self-motivation and a commitment to continuous learning and adopting new tools and frameworks.</li>
<li>A strong sense of ownership and accountability in delivering high-quality work while directly working with customers..</li>
<li>A collaborative and team-oriented mindset, thriving in environments that value open communication and shared goals.</li>
<li>Ability to collaborate effectively with cross-functional teams, contributing to a positive and productive work environment.</li>
<li>Attention to detail and fine craftsmanship.</li>
</ul>
</div>
</section><div class="content-conclusion"><h5><strong>Equal Opportunity Policy (EEO)</strong></h5>
<p><span style="font-size: 10pt;">MinIO is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and an affirmative action employer. We review applications for employment without regard to their race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, veteran status, genetic information, physical or mental disability, medical condition, marital status, or any other basis prohibited by law.</span></p></div>