<div class="content-intro"><p>Celonis is the global leader in Process Intelligence and the pioneer of Process Mining technology. As one of the world’s fastest-growing enterprise SaaS companies, we are changemakers pushing the boundaries of what’s possible. We invest heavily in advanced AI capabilities—specifically our Process Intelligence Graph—to turn data insights into immediate business action. We believe there is a massive opportunity to unlock global productivity and sustainability by placing intelligence at the core of every business process. Join our mission to make processes work for people, companies, and the planet.</p></div><p><strong>The Role:</strong><br><br>This role leads Strategy and Operations for the selling teams at Celonis outside of the regional core sales teams. In that regard, this is a critical role to help define, evolve and run the GTM for the business as Celonis grows. With rapid expansion globally, a deepening partner ecosystem and a broadened set of areas where Celonis can impact customers, this is a critical time to be joining. This is also a chance to help shape what the overall role and remit of Revenue Operations should be, setting the bar for how the organization helps deliver the in quarter business, and shapes the health of future quarters and years.</p>
<p><strong>The work you’ll do:</strong><strong><br></strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Help set the strategy for an integrated GTM, with clarity of roles, handoffs, accountabilities and ratios. Lay out a plan for how those evolve over time as we scale</li>
<li>Define the key metrics, KPIs and processes that cut across functions to bring our teams together</li>
<li>Define and support where needed the key programs that help our sales functions create pipe, close business and deliver for our customers</li>
<li>Ensure day-to-day support on running the business (business performance, comp, planning, forecasting etc.) across pre-sales, post-sales, and ecosystem</li>
<li>Connect with the sales teams and their leadership in the Regions to gather feedback and ensure that they have full understanding of the role of our functions, and we are ultimately improving our GTM productivity, and the health of our business</li>
<li>Build and scale a team that embodies high performance culture in an emotionally aware and passionate way</li>
<li>Proven ability to be a critical and thoughtful business partner. A challenger as well as a supporter and driver</li>
<li>Proven ability to develop, coach and inspire a highly motivated team of Ops rockstars</li>
<li>Knowledge of enterprise SaaS selling, including market positioning</li>
<li>Knowledge of working with partners and establishing ecosystem-awareness and engagement in a sales team</li>
<li>Ability to operate in a global environment, with thoughtfulness on balancing global standardization with localization for impact</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>The qualifications you need:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Proven ability to be a critical and thoughtful business partner. A challenger as well as a supporter and driver</li>
<li>Proven ability to develop, coach and inspire a highly motivated team of Ops rockstars</li>
<li>Knowledge of enterprise SaaS selling, including market positioning</li>
<li>Knowledge of working with partners and establishing ecosystem-awareness and engagement in a sales team</li>
<li>Ability to operate in a global environment, with thoughtfulness on balancing global standardization with localization for impact</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>What Celonis can offer you:</strong></p>
<ul class="p-rich\_text\_list p-rich\_text\_list\_\_bullet p-rich\_text\_list--nested" data-stringify-type="unordered-list" data-list-tree="true" data-indent="0" data-border="0">
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Pioneer Innovation:</span> Work with the global leader in Process Mining and the Process Intelligence Graph to shape the future of AI-driven business operations.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Ownership from Day 1:</span> Every full-time "Celonaut" is an owner, receiving Restricted Stock Units (RSUs) and merit-based refresh grants.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Unrivaled Family Support:</span> Benefit from our inclusive parental leave policy—24 weeks of fully paid leave for primary carers and 12 weeks for supporting carers, available from your first day of employment.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Work-Life Integration:</span> Enjoy Unlimited PTO (in applicable regions) and generous PTO globally, as well as a flexible hybrid work model that balances remote focus with vibrant office collaboration.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Continuous Growth:</span> Elevate your skills through our 70-20-10 learning framework, mentorship programs, and access to a dedicated learning platform.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Holistic Well-being:</span> Prioritize your health with subsidized Wellhub memberships, mental health counseling, and dedicated "Wellness Weeks" that prioritize work/life balance.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Drive Sustainability:</span> Participate in annual Impact Days, where you receive paid time off to volunteer for community and environmental causes with your local office, or virtually.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Global Inclusion &amp; Belonging:</span> Find community through our Inclusion Think Tank and participate in our annual Inclusion Days, ensuring every voice is heard and valued.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Value-Driven Impact:</span> Join a mission-led organization where our core values—Live for Customer Value, The Best Team Wins, We Own It, and Earth Is Our Future—drive every decision.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>About Us:</strong></p>
<p>Celonis makes processes work — for people, companies, and the planet. Powered by process mining and AI, the Celonis Process Intelligence Platform integrates process data and business context to create a living digital twin of business operations. We enable thousands of companies worldwide to understand how their business actually runs and, together with their partners, build intelligent solutions that transform and continuously improve the way they operate — unlocking billions in value. Celonis is headquartered in Munich, Germany, and New York City, USA, with more than 20 offices worldwide.</p>
<p><br>Get familiar with the Celonis Process Intelligence Platform by watching this <a href="https://academy.celonis.com/learn/video/discover-the-ems">video</a>.</p>
<p><strong>Celonis Inclusion Statement:</strong></p>
<p>At Celonis, we believe our people make us who we are and that “The Best Team Wins”. We know that the best teams are made up of people who bring different perspectives to the table. And when everyone feels included, able to speak up and knows their voice is heard - that's when creativity and innovation happen.<strong><br></strong></p>
<p><strong>Your Privacy:</strong></p>
<p>Any information you submit to Celonis as part of your application will be processed in accordance with Celonis’ <a href="https://www.celonis.com/careers/candidate-notices">Accessibility and Candidate Notices</a></p>
<p>By submitting this application, you confirm that you agree to the storing and processing of your personal data by Celonis as described in our <a href="https://www.celonis.com/careers/privacy-notice/">Privacy Notice for the Application and Hiring Process</a>.</p>
<p>Please be aware of common job offer scams, impersonators and frauds. Learn more <a href="https://www.celonis.com/careers/fraud-alert/">here</a>.</p></div>