## Your mission

<p><strong>Who we are</strong></p><p>Established in 2014, Ultralytics boasts a global presence with over 100,000 organizations worldwide using Ultralytics YOLO. At Ultralytics, we commit to the relentless innovation in the AI space and seek team members who resonate with our ambition to democratize the power of AI and make it accessible and available to all. </p><p>Our vision is to create a future where every person, regardless of means or background, has equal access to transformative AI, enabling them to seize opportunities and shape their own path. Aware that our time is finite, we strive to make a lasting impact that benefits future generations.</p><strong>How we work</strong><br><p>At Ultralytics, we thrive on an exciting, fast-paced journey of innovation and excellence. Our high standards inspire a level of commitment that often extends beyond the typical workday, including occasional evenings and weekends. This role is designed for extraordinary individuals who are passionate about making an impact in a dynamic start up environment and ready to contribute their best to drive our ambitious vision forward. If you’re eager to push boundaries and be at the forefront of AI advancement, we’d love to connect with you.</p><p><strong>What You'll Do </strong></p><p>The Content Creator and Social Media Manager at Ultralytics aims to enhance the company's online presence, brand visibility, and audience engagement through compelling content creation and strategic social media management. This role involves producing high-quality, informative, and engaging content that highlights the startup's innovations and achievements in the AI domain to a global audience, managing the company's social media profiles, and fostering relationships with the online community. Responsibilities include:</p><br><strong>Strategic leadership</strong>:<ul><li>Develop and execute a comprehensive social media strategy aligned with Ultralytics' goals.</li><li>Own and manage a social media calendar, focusing on industry trends, product launches, and community engagement.</li></ul><strong>Content creation</strong>:<ul><li>Independently create engaging written and visual content tailored to B2B and B2C audiences.</li><li>Collaborate with design teams for on-brand visuals, animations, and videos.</li></ul><strong>Community engagement:</strong><ul><li>Actively monitor and engage with followers, fostering meaningful connections.</li><li>Identify and collaborate with influencers in AI, computer vision, and tech sectors.</li></ul><strong>Performance monitoring</strong>:<ul><li>Analyze KPIs to assess campaign performance and optimize strategies.</li><li>Stay ahead of emerging trends to maintain relevance and innovation.</li></ul><strong>Cross-functional collaboration</strong>:<ul><li>Work with product, marketing, and partnership teams to amplify campaign impact.</li><li>Support event promotion and live social media coverage.</li></ul>

## Your profile

<ul><li>5+ years in social media management, ideally in tech or SaaS.</li><li>Proven success in growing channels and audience engagement.</li><li>Expertise in platforms like Hootsuite, Sprout Social, or similar. </li><li>Exceptional writing and editing capabilities.</li><li>Familiarity with Adobe Creative Suite, Canva, or Figma.</li><li>Background in digital marketing.</li><li>Knowledge of AI and computer vision technologies</li></ul>

## Why us?

<strong>Why join us</strong><br><br>Cutting-Edge AI computer vision technology: contribute to building cutting edge computer vision AI models based on the YOLO framework.<br><br>Impactful Work: Shape the future of AI-powered solutions that transform industries.<br>Collaborative Culture: Join a talented and passionate team that values open communication and innovation.<br><br><strong>Compensation and Benefits</strong><ul><li>Competitive salary, depending on experience and location</li><li>Time Off: 24 days paid vacation, your birthday off, plus local holidays</li><li>Home set up Allowance ($550)</li><li>A MacBook Air as your work device</li><li>Flexible work environment with hybrid and remote options</li><li>The candidate must be eligible to work as an independent contractor in their home country (handbook for more detail)<br><br><strong>Ultralytics Handbook</strong><br><br>Comprehensive guide to our company’s mission, vision, values, and operational practices. This <a href="https://handbook.ultralytics.com/">handbook</a> is designed to provide key insights and resources for our (future) team members, collaborators, and community to align with Ultralytics' core principles.<br>If you’re passionate about redefining the boundaries of AI and eager to make a significant impact through Social Media  Ultralytics is the place for you.<br>Come join us, and let's build something amazing together!<br><br><em>Ultralytics is an equal opportunity employer and are committed to building an inclusive workplace. We believe that everyone should be able to bring their whole selves to work, and we do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, veteran status, disability or any other legally protected status.</em></li></ul><br>