**About the Company:**

Netomi is the leading agentic AI platform for enterprise customer experience. We work with the largest global brands like Delta Airlines, MetLife, MGM, United, and others to enable agentic automation at scale across the entire customer journey. Our no-code platform delivers the fastest time to market, lowest total cost of ownership, and simple, scalable management of AI agents for any CX use case. Backed by WndrCo, Y Combinator, and Index Ventures, we help enterprises drive efficiency, lower costs, and deliver higher quality customer experiences.

Want to be part of the AI revolution and transform how the world’s largest global brands do business? Join us!

Netomi is a Y-Combinator and VC-backed Artificial Intelligence company that sits at the intersection of two rapidly developing fields: AI and customer service. Our clients include Fortune 1,000 companies. Our artificial intelligence platform gives customer service teams the ability to activate, manage & train their AI to deliver an experience that delights consumers and turns customer service into a competitive advantage.

We care about building a company that not only has the best technology and product on the market but also provides superior service to our customers.

**Job Description:**

We are looking for a Senior Software Engineer with experience in Javascript. We are looking for someone who brings in experience of coding, fixing, executing and versioning existing code for applications. We are looking for someone who is ready to think beyond and is ready to take bigger responsibilities.

If you're passionate to solve real time fundamental problems, explore, learn and work on technologies out of scope, Netomi is the perfect place for you.

## Responsibilities

- Ownership of key UI modules
- Own front-end build and test systems
- Ensure the technical feasibility of UI/UX designs and implement them.
- Translating designs and wireframes into high-quality code
- Building reusable components and front-end libraries for future use
- Working with Backend, Data Science and DevOps engineers for API implementation and design.
- Optimize UI application for optimal performance and scalability

## Requirements

- 3-6 years experience in building UI heavy features, preferably for a highly used B2B SaaS application
- Mastery of JavaScript or TypeScript, HTML5 and CSS3
- Hands-on experience with [Vue.js](http://Vue.js) or React.
- Knowledge of NodeJS as a backend for web applications is a plus
- Great knowledge of common web services technologies such as GraphQL, REST and Web Hooks.
- Experience with one or more unit, component and integration testing tools such as Jasmine, Karma, Jest, Mocha, [Cypress.io](http://Cypress.io) etc.
- Great knowledge of UI code compilation, packing and distribution management
- B.E. or [B.Tech](http://B.Tech) in Computer Science or related fields

Netomi is an equal opportunity employer committed to diversity in the workplace. We evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, disability, veteran status, and other protected characteristics.