<div class="content-intro"><p><strong>COMPANY OVERVIEW</strong></p>
<p>KKR is a leading global investment firm that offers alternative asset management as well as capital markets and insurance solutions. KKR aims to generate attractive investment returns by following a patient and disciplined investment approach, employing world-class people, and supporting growth in its portfolio companies and communities. KKR sponsors investment funds that invest in private equity, credit and real assets and has strategic partners that manage hedge funds. KKR’s insurance subsidiaries offer retirement, life and reinsurance products under the management of Global Atlantic Financial Group. References to KKR’s investments may include the activities of its sponsored funds and insurance subsidiaries.</p></div><p>KKR's Gurugram office provides best-in-class business operations services and solutions to our internal stakeholders and clients, drives organization-wide process efficiency and transformation, and reflects KKR's global culture and values of teamwork and innovation. The office contains multifunctional business capabilities and is integral in furthering the growth and transformation of KKR. The office was established with an initial concentration of finance, operations, and technology personnel, followed by the expansion of additional functions and capabilities. KKR’s creation of a Gurugram office builds upon the firm's momentum in India and bolsters its existing presence in Mumbai.<br><br><strong>TEAM OVERVIEW</strong><br>KKR’s Corporate Services &amp; Real Estate (CSRE) team is responsible for overseeing and managing our global workplace ecosystem, encompassing Facilities Management, Hospitality, Corporate Real Estate, Security, Resiliency, Travel, Administrative Services, Strategic Sourcing, Vendor Management, and Procurement Operations across all KKR offices.<br>The team partners closely with cross-functional business units to drive operational excellence, elevate employee experience, strengthen risk and security frameworks, and ensure seamless processes, consistent service quality, and effective communication throughout the organization.<br><br><strong>ROLES &amp; RESPONSIBILITIES</strong><br>• Manage on ground the day-to-day hospitality operations of the office with a strong focus on delivering a superior employee experience.<br>• Lead and oversee the hospitality team, including reception headcount, Food and beverage staffing, chefs and service staff engaged through a reputed third-party.<br>• Ensure high-quality hygiene standards are consistently maintained at the site kitchen and food storage areas, in line with internal guidelines and regulatory compliance requirements.<br>• Contribute to the design, enhancement, and future-focused evolution of hospitality services, plan café menu offerings and ensure the availability of the FMCG supplies across breakout areas and other designated employee spaces.<br>• Validate, verify, and track all vendor invoices related to hospitality services, ensuring timely submission and payment processing.<br>• Lead internal event initiatives and employee committees such as the Social Committee and Food Committee, working in close collaboration with employees across various functions to drive engagement and culture building activities<br>• Plan and lead all office-wide events, including the annual party at an external venue, in coordination with EMCs and cross-functional teams, ensuring exceptional execution and employee experience.<br>Classification: Limited<br>• Provide support in preparing yearly budget estimates and ensure all hospitality operations are<br>effectively managed within defined budgetary limits, maintaining financial discipline and cost<br>transparency.<br>• Prepare regular reporting, and conduct cost-optimisation analysis to identify efficiency opportunities<br>and ensure resources are used effectively across hospitality operation<br><br><strong>QUALIFICATIONS</strong><br>• Hotel management graduate with hands-on experience in managing hospitality services within a<br>global multinational organization. 9–11 years of relevant experience in hospitality operations,<br>workplace services, or a similar role<br>• Excellent communication, negotiation, and stakeholder-management skills, with the ability to<br>influence and lead confidently<br>• Strong organizational and multitasking skills, with the ability to manage multiple priorities effectively<br>• High proficiency in Microsoft Outlook and Excel; familiarity with other MS Office applications is an<br>advantage<br>• Proven ability to meet tight deadlines, work well under pressure, and maintain a high standard of<br>service delivery<br>• Demonstrates the highest levels of integrity, accountability, and commitment to operational<br>excellence<br>• Strong team-orientation with a collaborative working style and a demonstrated ability to build<br>positive relationships<br>• Capable of building strong partnerships with local and global colleagues, displaying initiative,<br>ownership, and self-reliance</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p>KKR is an equal opportunity employer.&nbsp; Individuals seeking employment are considered without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, veteran status, sexual orientation, or any other category protected by applicable law.</p>
<p>KKR will provide reasonable accommodations as required by applicable federal, state, and/or local laws. Individuals seeking an accommodation for the application or interview process should email&nbsp;<a href="mailto:Benefits@kkr.com">Benefits@kkr.com</a>. Emails sent for unrelated issues, such as following up on an application, will not receive a response.</p>
<p>If you are a qualified individual with a disability or a disabled veteran, you may request a reasonable accommodation if you are unable or limited in your ability to use or access&nbsp;<a href="https://www.kkr.com/careers" data-saferedirecturl="https://www.google.com/url?q=https://www.kkr.com/careers&amp;source=gmail&amp;ust=1774021690220000&amp;usg=AOvVaw1AG2WRszai8PfCsE-FH5EJ">https://www.kkr.com/careers</a>&nbsp;because of your disability. You can request reasonable accommodations by sending an email to&nbsp;<a href="mailto:Benefits@kkr.com">Benefits@kkr.com</a>. Only emails left for this purpose will be returned.</p>
<p><strong>Massachusetts Applicants:</strong>&nbsp;It is unlawful in Massachusetts to require or administer a lie detector test as a condition of employment or continued employment. An employer who violates this law shall be subject to criminal penalties and civil liability. This notice&nbsp;applies only&nbsp;to applicants and employees who work or will work in Massachusetts, in accordance with applicable state law.</p></div>