<p><strong>About Momence</strong></p>
<p><a href="http://momence.com/">Momence</a> is a next-gen booking and communications platform for experience-based businesses, such as a yoga &amp; pilates studios, gyms, dance schools, salons &amp; spas, golf facilities, swim schools, etc. We help over 1,500 businesses with scheduling &amp; payments, communication, and automation of their business backend. We also have a customer-facing Momence app, where tens of thousands of customers book their wellness experiences every month. At Momence, we are bringing modern-day software into the growing experience economy, that is currently highly underserved by modern software.</p>
<p>We’re a remote-first company, backed by Y Combinator (Summer 2020); moving quickly and growing rapidly. While our team operates remotely worldwide, our Prague-based team has the option of being in the office or fully remote - up to you.</p>
<p>We are looking for a Mobile Engineer with experience in React Native who wants to contribute to the development of a modern product in a US startup with a Czech-based engineering team.</p>
<p><strong>About the team</strong></p>
<p>Mobile engineering builds the core application that helps small businesses get discovered and create magical moments. From scheduling to payments, marketing to payroll; we’re building a product that makes it easy for people to grow their customer base while we handle the complexities of tailoring our software to fit their business needs.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Providing a mobile front door that is easy to use, works reliably, and drives revenue for our users is a cornerstone of our engineering strategy. Our iOS and Android app has over 100,000 daily active users and is a key part of our platform’s UX. It is widely used and highly rated by users.</p>
<h4><strong>What will you do?</strong></h4>
<ul>
<li>Designing, building, and maintaining our mobile application for iOS and Android using React Native.</li>
<li>Improving and scaling our mobile platform to support mobile development.</li>
<li>Collaborating with UI/UX designers to deliver polished and user-friendly interfaces.</li>
<li>Iterating quickly on new product features and influencing product direction.</li>
<li>Following best engineering practices, ensuring high-quality code and efficient workflows.</li>
<li>Engaging with backend services when needed (APIs, database interactions, backend logic).</li>
<li>Working in a flexible and autonomous environment, shaping technical and product decisions.</li>
</ul>
<p>This role is perfect for someone who enjoys mobile development, wants to contribute to an impactful product, and values autonomy in a small but experienced team.</p>
<p><strong>What are we looking for?</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>You have 5+ years of experience in mobile development for iOS/Android using React Native.</li>
<li>You’re not afraid of occasional backend work – you understand basic principles of APIs, databases, and backend services.</li>
<li>You have a product mindset and can help us iterate quickly on the product.</li>
<li>You don’t need everything outlined in detail – you can come up with solutions and defend your decisions.</li>
<li>Being based in CZ</li>
<li>You are comfortable working in English in an international environment.</li>
<li>A Bachelor's degree in a relevant field or equivalent professional experience supports your technical background.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Additional skills that will help you stand out</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Experience in web development with React.</li>
<li>Overlap in UI/design (the ability to support the UI team in developing visually high-quality and user-friendly interfaces), security, DevOps, or a similar field.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Tech Stack</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>React Native, TypeScript, Node.js, PostgreSQL.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>What can you expect from us?</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Work alongside experienced engineers on an innovative mobile product.</li>
<li>You'll have great freedom in how you contribute and what areas you develop.</li>
<li>Competitive salary, with the option to be paid in CZK or USD.</li>
<li>A modern office in Prague’s Karlín district.</li>
<li>Regular team events, including monthly company meetups over drinks.</li>
<li>A friendly and supportive team environment that fosters collaboration and growth.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>At Momence, we celebrate diversity and strive to create an inclusive environment where there is respect, regardless of your background or identity. We are committed to being an equal opportunity employer.</strong></p>