## Your mission

<p><strong>Who we are</strong></p><p>Established in 2010, Ultralytics boasts a global presence with over 100,000 organizations worldwide using Ultralytics YOLO. At Ultralytics, we commit to the relentless innovation in the AI space and seek team members who resonate with our ambition to democratize the power of AI and make it accessible and available to all. <br>Our vision is to create a future where every person, regardless of means or background, has equal access to transformative AI, enabling them to seize opportunities and shape their own path. Aware that our time is finite, we strive to make a lasting impact that benefits future generations.</p><p><br><strong>How we work</strong><br><br>At Ultralytics, we thrive on an exciting, fast-paced journey of innovation and excellence. Our high standards inspire a level of commitment that often extends beyond the typical workday, including occasional evenings and weekends. This role is designed for extraordinary individuals who are passionate about making an impact in a dynamic start up environment and ready to contribute their best to drive our ambitious vision forward. If you’re eager to push boundaries and be at the forefront of AI advancement, we’d love to connect with you.<br><br><strong>What You'll Do</strong></p><p>As a Senior Software Engineer at Ultralytics, you'll play a pivotal role in developing and maintaining the <a href="https://hub.ultralytics.com/">Ultralytics HUB</a> a leading platform for cloud training and deployment of <a href="https://ultralytics.com/yolo">YOLO AI models</a>.</p><p> Responsibilities include:</p><ul><li><p>Design and implement secure, scalable, and maintainable event-driven web solutions that integrate seamlessly with cloud services (GCP, Azure, AWS).</p></li><li><p>Contribute to distributed systems where services communicate through events rather than tightly coupled APIs.</p></li><li><p>Develop and maintain <a href="https://github.com/ultralytics/ultralytics/actions">GitHub Actions for CI/CD pipelines</a> tailored for cloud deployments involving <a href="https://github.com/ultralytics/ultralytics/tree/main/docker">Docker</a> and Kubernetes.</p></li><li><p>Ensure the reliability and efficiency of application deployments using cloud functions and various orchestration tools.</p></li><li><p>Collaborate with ML teams to embed advanced machine learning models into our cloud solutions effectively.</p></li><li><p>Optimize cloud resources to enhance performance and minimize costs.</p></li><li><p>Provide technical guidance and support to ensure best practices in cloud development and deployment.</p></li></ul><p>Your strategic vision and technical expertise will be essential in supporting Ultralytics' mission of delivering top-tier machine learning tools and models to the community.</p>

## Your profile

<p>       Preferred skill set:</p><ul><li><p>7+ years experience with Python.</p></li><li><p>Skilled in designing, developing, maintaining and debugging event-driven systems, asynchronous workflows. Comfort working in orchestration/choreography setups.</p></li><li><p>Proficient in leveraging Google Cloud Platform for scalable and secure cloud solutions.</p></li><li><p>Deep expertise in Object-Oriented Programming (OOP) and Hexagonal architecture principles.</p></li><li><p>Strong knowledge of concurrency and distributed transaction management.</p></li><li><p>Understanding of NoSQL databases such as MongoDB</p></li><li><p>Hands-on experience building production systems with message brokers like Kafka, RabbitMQ, or Google Pub/Sub</p></li><li><p>Familiarity with Domain-Driven-Design (DDD) concept is a valuable asset.</p></li><li><p>Basic understanding of frontend technologies such as Next.js is an added advantage.</p></li><li><p>Strong ability to create clear, structured, and comprehensive documentation and diagrams for feature development as an integral part of the development process.</p></li><li><p>Proficient in CI/CD pipeline construction, particularly with GitHub Actions.</p></li><li><p>Bachelor’s degree or higher in Computer Science or related fields.</p></li></ul>

## Why us?

<strong>Cutting-Edge-next generation AI computer vision technology:</strong> contribute to building cutting edge computer vision AI models based on the YOLO framework.<br><strong>Impactful Work:</strong> Shape the future of AI-powered solutions that transform industries.<br><strong>Collaborative Culture: </strong>Join a talented and passionate team that values open communication and innovation.<br><strong>Compensation and Benefits</strong><br><ul><li>Competitive salary, depending on experience and location</li><li>Time Off: 24 days paid vacation, your birthday off, plus local holidays</li><li>Home set up Allowance ($550)</li><li>A MacBook Air as your work device</li><li>Flexible work environment with hybrid and remote options</li><li>The candidate must be eligible to work as an independent contractor in their home country (handbook for more detail)</li></ul><strong>Ultralytics Handbook</strong><br>Comprehensive guide to our company’s mission, vision, values, and operational practices. This handbook is designed to provide key insights and resources for our (future) team members, collaborators, and community to align with Ultralytics' core principles.<br>Link: <a href="https://handbook.ultralytics.com/">https://handbook.ultralytics.com/</a> <br><em>Ultralytics is an equal opportunity employer and are committed to building an inclusive workplace. We believe that everyone should be able to bring their whole selves to work, and we do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, veteran status, disability or any other legally protected status.</em>