<p><strong>We're making an investment in the next generation of veterinary doctors!</strong></p>
<p>As part of the professional veterinary curriculum, colleges encourage off-campus educational experiences in practices outside of the teaching hospital. Practical experience in a well-run and contemporary practice can be a valuable component of your veterinary education, preparing you to deliver better care after graduation. Our program is dedicated to contributing to your practice-readiness and to help you hit the ground running after graduation.</p>
<p><strong>Our program structure:</strong></p>
<p>Our externships are flexible—they can range from two to eight weeks during the year, according to your college curriculum – but are typically two or three weeks in length. Your schedule will include days, evenings and weekends.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Our externship rotations are designed to allow students, under veterinary supervision, to practice the problem-solving, technical and communication skills that they have acquired during their clinical preparation. Externs are given the opportunity to work alongside our veterinary team and are encouraged to participate in all aspects of patient care. A stipend of $250 per week will be provided.</p>
<p><strong>What you'll be doing:</strong></p>
<p>Externs experience the typical caseload of a small animal practice. Under the supervision of your mentor doctor you will gather histories, perform physical examinations, develop diagnostic and therapeutic plans, scrub in to surgery, assist in the management of medical cases, provide wellness care, develop your client communication skills, polish your technical skills and produce appropriate medical records (SOAPs) within the time limits of daily practice.</p>
<p><strong>Who we're looking for:</strong></p>
<p>Extern students are expected to be enthusiastic and effective participants in our patient care activities, upholding the professional and ethical standards of our practice. Students participating in the externship program are suggested to review the Veterinary Practice Act in regard to the scope of duties that may be performed, and to be familiar with the type and degree of veterinary supervision that is required. These should be followed carefully in order to protect both yourself and our practice.</p>
<p>As a veterinary student extern, we expect you to dress and behave in a professional manner and to meet the expectations that we have of all team members as outlined in our employee handbook.</p>
<p><strong>Requirements:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Be enrolled in an accredited DVM program.</li>
<li>You are authorized to work in the United States.</li>
<li>You must carry professional liability insurance. AVMA PLIT liability insurance is free for all student members of the AVMA. You may apply for this coverage on their <a href="http://www.avmaplit.com/products/student-liability/">website</a>. Please check to make sure your coverage is current and submit a certificate of coverage with your application.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>About us:</strong></p>
<p>As sponsors of the Veterinary Externship Program, we see ourselves to be part of your educational team, providing instruction, mentoring and evaluation of the students who participate. You will be assigned a mentor and work on the learning objectives as defined by your college program or to meet your specific goals. At the end of the externship your mentor will provide a written evaluation of your performance as required by your college program.</p>
<p>We look forward to working with you!</p>