<h2>Who we are</h2>
<h3>About Stripe</h3>
<p>Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies—from the world’s largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyone’s reach while doing the most important work of your career.</p>
<h3>About the team</h3>
<p>In this role, you would join Stripe's Security Analytics Infrastructure team. Our mission is to enable Stripe’s detection and response by generating, centralizing, and organizing security data through simple, reliable pipelines and providing a platform of core security systems. We also undertake experimental, bespoke projects that close Stripe‑specific security gaps and accelerate outcomes for our partner teams.&nbsp;</p>
<h2>What you’ll do</h2>
<p>As a Software Engineer on this team, you will use your blend of security and software engineering expertise to build and support our key services including a SIEM, SOAR, endpoint detection &amp; response, server observability, threat intel platform and AI infrastructure.&nbsp; You’ll work closely with partner teams working in multiple program areas of cyber defense, including cyber intelligence, threat detection, vulnerability management, secure devices and compliance.&nbsp; Overall you’ll help ensure that we have the right data in the right place at the right time for our users.</p>
<h3>Who you are</h3>
<p>We’re looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.</p>
<h3>Responsibilities</h3>
<ul>
<li>Build and maintain services and dataflows related to our security analytics platform</li>
<li>Collaborate with other teams to drive improvements to processes our platform supports</li>
<li>Continuously improve our security posture, processes, and tools</li>
</ul>
<h3>Minimum requirements</h3>
<ul>
<li>5+ years software engineering experience in a high-stakes production environment</li>
<li>Significant experience in applying software engineering in the cybersecurity field</li>
<li>Experience in applying AI tooling in this space (e.g. Claude Code, agent-based approaches, etc)</li>
<li>Empathy, strong communication skills and a deep respect for the power of collaboration</li>
<li>Excellent problem-solving skills and attention to detail</li>
<li>High standards for code quality and a constructive attitude to help others raise the bar</li>
</ul>
<h3>Preferred qualifications</h3>
<ul>
<li>Go &amp; Python experience</li>
<li>An ability to think creatively and holistically about reducing risk in a complex environment</li>
<li>Previous experience in a regulated industry (e.g., financial services, healthcare)</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>By joining our team, you will have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyone’s reach, securely.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>