<p><strong>Role OVO-View</strong></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Team:</strong> Info Sec &amp; Cyber Sec&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Location:</strong><strong> </strong>Hub Based - Hybrid for all</p>
<p><strong>Salary banding:</strong> £52,800 - £76,038</p>
<p><strong>Experience:</strong> Mid-level</p>
<p><strong>Working pattern: </strong>Full-Time</p>
<p><strong>Reporting to:&nbsp;</strong>Delivery &amp; Growth Lead</p>
<p><strong>Sponsorship: </strong>Unfortunately we are unable to offer sponsorship for this role.</p>
<p><strong>This role in 3 words:</strong> Amazing Security Insights</p>
<p><strong>Top 3 qualities for this role:</strong> Creative, Adaptable, Technical</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Where you’ll work:</strong></p>
<p>Depending on the needs of your business area, we expect hub based people to be in the office at least once a week, and to go to OVO Connection events in-person.&nbsp;</p>
<p>You’ll be assigned to the closest one of our three hub offices, Bristol, Glasgow, or London; unless your role requires field-based work. Each hub has accessible spaces to park your laptop, is designed to inspire people, help them connect and bring big ideas to life.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Everyone belongs at OVO:</strong></p>
<p>At OVO, we are on a mission to solve one of humanity's biggest challenges, the climate crisis. And we know it takes all of us to change the world. That's why we need diverse people from all abilities, gender identities, ethnicities, ages, sexual orientations, life experiences and backgrounds to join us.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Teamworking for the planet:</strong></p>
<p>Everything we do here spins around <a href="https://company.ovo.com/planzero/">Plan Zero.</a> So, naturally, the team you’ll be joining plays a gigantic role in making that happen. Here’s how:</p>
<p>We’re hiring creators and challengers who deliver high-impact, well-engineered solutions. Every role we’re hiring puts people at the heart of our security strategy and uses technology and operational processes to build a resilient and performant business. The Path to Zero is paved with secure technology!</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>This role in a nutshell:</strong></p>
<p>As a Senior Security Engineer (Data), you will work closely with fellow security engineers to design, build, and deploy data solutions that drive organisation-wide security value. To do this, you will build and maintain ETL/ELT pipelines and data models within data warehouses. An example pipeline being ingesting data from multiple security and technology observability tools to gather, analyse, synthesise, and develop visualisations and reporting in service of continuous improvement of security controls.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Your solutions will enable cyber defence, attack surface and security controls engineers to proactively identify hidden problems and patterns in data and use these insights to amplify weaknesses and drive improvements to coding hygiene and system architecture. This is a great opportunity for someone who is motivated to use data to drive security improvements, and best practices across a business with wide-ranging impact, and loves working in collaborative, and supportive environments.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Your key outcomes will be:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Help architect, design, and deploy new features, and functionality in a unified OVO security data platform to enable security engineers to optimise and automate cyber defence, attack surface and security controls assurance processes.</li>
<li>Stay up-to-date with the latest security data and AI trends, tools, and technologies to ensure the team’s technical approach is innovative.</li>
<li>Foster an inclusive team environment where everyone feels valued and excited to contribute.</li>
<li>Communicate optimally with collaborators to explain concepts and drive informed decision making.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Within your first 3 months month you’ll:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Gain a comprehensive understanding of our existing security data sources, data pipelines, warehouse, and security operations principles.</li>
<li>Contribute to the development and enhancing of our security data and AI model architectures&nbsp;</li>
<li>Guide and educate other teams about effective security data and AI practices and opportunities.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Systems: </strong>Google Cloud Platform services, GitHub, Looker, Wiz, Google SecOps, Crowdstrike</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>You’ll be successful in this role if you…</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><strong>Data automation and AI-enablement: </strong>Develops tooling to automate security tasks (e.g. triaging, routing and tracking findings from vulnerability scanners, alert handlers, compliance monitoring and evidence collection). Can contribute to security-focused codebases. Publishes automation processes or AI tooling to code repositories or an app store. Build and maintain ETL/ELT pipelines and data models within data warehouses.</li>
<li><strong>Secure development: </strong>Able to build, test and deploy single components in a system with minimal support, and understand how the component fits into the wider architecture. Configure secure cloud environments (GCP). Can describe how code, CI/CD and cloud security posture management (CSPM) tooling works.&nbsp;</li>
<li><strong>Decision support and behaviour change: </strong>Design and build decision-support and training tools that actively account for human factors. Design and develop intuitive communications, dashboards and reports that guide users toward key insights and minimise cognitive load. Analyse user interaction data to identify where decision-makers struggle and propose concrete design improvements. Proactively reframe security questions or metrics to mitigate common biases, such as presenting data in terms of both gains and losses to avoid framing effects.</li>
<li><strong>Mentor Junior Engineers: </strong>Actively mentor associate and mid-level security engineers. Provide technical guidance on security and data concepts and tools, review their work (e.g. assessment reports, proposed controls), share knowledge and experience, and support their professional development within the team.</li>
<li><strong>Community of Practice: </strong>Contribute to the security engineering Community of Practice (CoP) by leading discussions, sharing practices, offering firsthand experience to the wider community, engaging in knowledge exchange / cross-pollination to further your craft. Create content and and individually contribute to the stated successful outcomes for the CoP.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Let’s talk about what’s in it for you:</strong></p>
<p>We’ll pay you between £52,800 - £76,038, depending on your specific skills and experience.</p>
<p>We keep our pay ranges broad on purpose to give us, and you, flexibility to match your experience to our zero carbon mission.</p>
<p>You’ll be eligible for an on-target bonus of 15%. We have one OVO bonus plan that focuses on the collective performance of our people to deliver our Plan Zero goal.&nbsp;</p>
<p>We also offer plenty of green benefits and progressive policies to help you feel like you belong at OVO…and there’s flex pay. We'll give you 9% Flex Pay on top of your salary – 4% of this is auto enrolled into your pension, and the remaining 5% is yours to do what you like with. You can use this to buy from our extensive range of flexible benefits, including our green benefits which we've put at the heart of our offering, add to your pension or even take it as cash.</p>
<p>Here’s a taster of what’s on offer:&nbsp;</p>
<p>For starters, you’ll get 34 days of holiday (including bank holidays). <br><br><strong>For your health</strong><strong><br></strong>With benefits like a healthcare cash plan or private medical insurance depending on your career level, critical illness cover, life assurance, health assessments, and more<br><strong><br></strong><strong>For your wellbeing</strong><strong><br></strong>With gym membership, travel insurance, workplace ISA, will writing services, dental insurance, and more <strong><br></strong><strong><br></strong><strong>For your lifestyle </strong><strong><br></strong>With extra holiday buying, discount dining, home &amp; tech loans, and supporting your favourite charities with give-as-you-earn donations<br><br><strong>For your home&nbsp; </strong><strong><br></strong>Get up to £400 towards any OVO Energy plan, plus great discounts on solar, smart thermostats and EV chargers<br><strong><br></strong><strong>For your commute </strong><strong><br></strong>Nab a great deal on ultra-low emission car leasing<strong>, </strong>plus our cycle to work scheme and public transport season ticket loans <br><br>Want to hear about our full range of flexible benefits and progressive people policies? Our People Team can tell you everything you need to know.</p>
<p><strong>For your Belonging</strong></p>
<p>To find better ways to support our people, we need to listen to each other’s experiences and find ways to build a truly inclusive and diverse workplace. As part of this, we have 8 Belonging Networks at OVO. Led by our people, for our people - so when you join OVO, you can play a part - big or small - with any of the Networks. It's up to you.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Oh, and one last thing...</strong></p>
<p>We’d be thrilled if you tick off all our boxes, yet we also believe it’s just as important we tick off all of yours. And if you think you have most of what we’re looking for but not every single thing, go ahead and hit <strong>apply</strong>. We’d still love to hear from you!</p>
<p>If you have any additional requirements, there’s a space to let us know on the application form; we want to make the process as easy and comfortable for you as possible.</p>