<div class="content-intro"><p><strong>500M+ downloads. 80M+ monthly users. A decade of building – and we’re still accelerating.</strong></p>
<p>Flo is the world’s #1 health &amp; fitness app worldwide on a mission to build a better future for female health. Backed by a $200M investment led by General Atlantic, we became the first product of our kind to reach a $1B valuation in 2024 – and we’re not slowing down.</p>
<p>With 7M paid subscribers and the highest-rated experience in the App Store’s health category, we’ve spent 10 years earning trust at scale. Now, we’re building the next generation of digital health – AI-powered, privacy-first, clinically backed – to help our users know their body better.</p>
<p><strong>The job</strong></p></div><p style="line-height: 1.2;">At Flo, we empower women across the world to improve their health and well-being with an unmatched user experience.&nbsp;<br>We are obsessed with understanding the needs of our users, we work in partnership with analysts and user researchers to uncover the ‘why’ and ensure the very best product gets built.</p>
<p style="line-height: 1.2;">From launching new features to delivering seamless end-to-end journeys, we’re looking for passionate individuals with a growth mindset who can innovate, experiment and move fast.</p>
<p>Become our QA Release Manager and help us smoothly deliver content to the Flo app. Your main objective will be to create and test content within the content management tools, ensuring it is delivered to the audience bug-free.</p>
<p>You will join one of our cross-functional engineering teams while becoming an integral part of our larger QA release management community. You will have the opportunity to contribute to and shape best practices and quality assurance standards, ensuring excellence across our projects.</p>
<p style="line-height: 1.2;"><strong>What you'll be doing:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Content delivery management (delivering and supporting the content by using the internal content management tools);&nbsp;</li>
<li>Manual testing of the new features together with content provided in the app;</li>
<li>Bug detection and making bug reports in Jira;</li>
<li>Cross-team communication and assistance in solving cross-team issues (content, designer, support, dev);</li>
<li>Working in an Agile and fast-paced environment.</li>
</ul>
<p style="line-height: 1.2;"><strong>Your Experience:</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-size: 12pt;">Must have:</span></p>
<ul>
<li>3+ years experience as QA Engineer/Manual Tester;</li>
<li>Technical mindset;&nbsp;</li>
<li>Experience in using any of Proxy/ API tools, any SQL tool, GitHub/Bitbucket;</li>
<li>Knowledge of principles of continuous delivery and continuous improvement;</li>
<li>Excellent soft and communication skills (flexibility, positive attitude, teamwork, responsibility);</li>
<li>Ability to cope with multitasking (meet deadlines, miss no tasks, be attentive to details);</li>
<li>Ability to self-organize your routine daily tasks;</li>
<li>Literacy in the English language.</li>
</ul>
<p style="line-height: 1;"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">N</span><span style="font-size: 12pt;">ice to have:</span></p>
<ul>
<li>Knowledge of A/B testing basics;</li>
<li>Knowledge of Mobile or Web testing basics.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><span style="color: rgb(255, 255, 255);">#LI-YY1</span>&nbsp;</p><div class="content-pay-transparency"><div class="pay-input"><div class="title">Salary Range - gross per month (ranges may vary based on skills and experience)</div><div class="pay-range"><span>€2.702</span><span class="divider">&mdash;</span><span>€4.500 EUR</span></div></div></div><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>How we work</strong></p>
<p>We’re a mission-led, product-driven team. We move fast, stay focused and take ownership – from brief to build to impact. Debate is encouraged. Decisions are shared. We care about craft, ship with purpose, and always raise the bar.</p>
<p>You’ll be working with people who take their work seriously, not themselves. It takes commitment, resilience, and the drive to keep going when things get tough. Because better health outcomes are worth it.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>What you'll get</strong></p>
<p>We support impact with meaningful reward. Here’s what that looks like:</p>
<ul>
<li>Competitive salary and annual reviews</li>
<li>Opportunity to participate in Flo’s performance incentive scheme</li>
<li>Paid holiday, sick leave, and female health leave</li>
<li>Enhanced parental leave and pay for maternity, paternity, same-sex and adoptive parents</li>
<li>Accelerated professional growth through world-changing work and learning support</li>
<li>In-person collaboration and work in a hybrid model, with 3 days per week spent in the office</li>
<li>5-week fully paid sabbatical at 5-year Floversary</li>
<li>Flo Premium for friends &amp; family, plus more health, pension and wellbeing perks</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Diversity, equity and inclusion</strong></p>
<p>Our strength is in our differences. At Flo, hiring is based on merit, skill and what you bring to the role – nothing else. We’re proud to be an equal opportunity employer, and we welcome applicants from all backgrounds, communities and identities. Read our <a href="https://flo.health/privacy-policy-for-job-applicants">privacy notice for job applicants</a>.</p></div>