<p><strong>Customer Support Agent - German Speaker (Berlin based, onsite)</strong></p>
<p><br>SumUp is a leading global fintech company committed to leveling the playing field for small businesses. Founded in 2012, we’re the trusted partner of over 4 million merchants in 37 markets worldwide, providing simple and affordable tools that enable them to manage payments, business finances and customer relationships.&nbsp;</p>
<p>As a Customer Support Agent for the German market, you will be the voice of our company.&nbsp;</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>What you’ll be doing in this position</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Supporting our German-speaking customers by phone, email, chat and social media channels</li>
<li>Supporting our merchants for all questions and inquiries about our POS solution</li>
<li>You actively work on the optimization of all processes related to our customers, to constantly increase the happiness of our merchants</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>You’ll be great for this position if you have</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Multi-tasking skills</li>
<li>Excellent verbal and written communication (German and English)</li>
<li>Problem solving attitude</li>
<li>Experience with CRM systems</li>
<li>Demonstrated ability to work in team and also independently</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Why you should join SumUp:</strong></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>🌎Opportunity to work with SumUppers globally on large-scale fintech products used by millions of businesses worldwide, from our Berlin office. This involves an office-first setup</p>
<p>🌈 Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion: Be part of a workplace that values and promotes diversity, fostering an inclusive environment where everyone's perspectives are respected and embraced</p>
<p>📚 A dedicated annual L&amp;D budget of €2000 for attending conferences and/or advancing your career through further education</p>
<p>🔄 30 Days Sabbatical: Enjoy the unique opportunity to take a well-deserved break with our 30 days sabbatical benefit after completing 3 years of employment with SumUp</p>
<p>🔗 Referral Bonus: Earn additional rewards by referring talented individuals to join the SumUp team</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>This job is on-site.</strong></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>About SumUp</strong></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><em>We believe in the everyday hero.</em></p>
<p><em>Small business owners are at the heart of all we do, so we create powerful, easy-to-use financial solutions to help them run their businesses. With a founder’s mentality and a 'team-first’ attitude, our diverse teams across Europe, South America and the United States work together to ensure that the small business owners we partner with can be successful doing what they love.&nbsp;</em></p>
<p><em>SumUp is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer that proudly pursues and hires a diverse workforce. SumUp does not make hiring or employment decisions on the basis of race, colour, religion or religious belief, ethnic or national origin, nationality, sex, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, disability, age or any other basis protected by applicable laws or prohibited by company policy. SumUp also strives for a healthy and safe workplace and strictly prohibits harassment of any kind.</em></p>
<p><em>SumUp will not accept unsolicited resumes from any source other than directly from a candidate.</em></p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>Job Application Tip</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We recognise that candidates feel they need to meet 100% of the job criteria in order to apply for a job. Please note that this is only a guide. If you don’t tick every box, it’s ok too because it means you have room to learn and develop your career at SumUp.</span></p></div>