**AA Service Co** - ***HVAC Service Technician***

Located in Northbrook, IL serving north and southside Chicagoland

***Sign-on Bonus up to $6,000!***

**Are you passionate about delivering top-notch HVAC solutions?**

**Do you feel like your current role doesn’t fully utilize your skills or offer the career growth you desire?**

**Are you ready to join a team that truly values your expertise and supports your professional development?**

At **AA Service Co**, we recognize and appreciate the craftsmanship and passion that HVAC Service Technicians bring to their work. We are dedicated to fostering a supportive and rewarding environment where your skills are not only acknowledged but celebrated. Here, your contributions matter, and your growth is our priority. As a leader in the HVAC industry, we pride ourselves on delivering unmatched comfort and reliability to our customers, reflecting the high standards and dedication of our team. Our unwavering commitment to continuous training and development ensures that our team remains at the cutting edge of industry advancements. Join us, and let your passion for excellence shine in a company that values your craft and fuels your professional journey.

**We don't just offer jobs—we build careers. Here’s why you’ll love being part of our team:**

-**Sign-on Bonus Up to $6,000!** We value your skills and experience, and we’re ready to invest in you from day one.

**- Industry-Leading Weekly Compensation ($35 - $48/hr plus incentives!):** We believe in rewarding excellence. Our Service Technician are amongst the best paid in the area via hourly wage and commissions! **Our Techs average between $80k-$120k with top techs making between $120k-$180k per year”**

**- Fully Stocked Warehouse & Parts Runners:** We ensure you have the tools and support you need to excel, with a fully stocked warehouse and parts runners at your service.

**- New Clean Fully Stocked Truck:** Drive in style with a new, clean, fully stocked TAKE-HOME truck that’s ready for any job.

**- Comprehensive Health Benefits:** We offer affordable, high-quality health, dental, and vision insurance to keep you and your - family covered.

**- Paid Time Off Starting Day 1!** We believe in the importance of rest and relaxation, so you start earning paid time off from your first day.

**- 401(k) Plan with Company Match:** Secure your future with our competitive 401(k) plan, including a generous company match.

**- Parental Leave:** We support our team members through all stages of life, including offering parental leave for new parents.

**- Tool and Boot Allowance:** We provide a tool and boot allowance to replace the things you use the most to get the job done.

**- Training and Development Opportunities:** We’re committed to your professional growth with training at our **new Service Professionals Academy & Resources Center!**

**- Yearly Performance Reviews:** We believe in continuous improvement and offer yearly performance reviews to ensure you’re on track and rewarded for your hard work.

**Who we are**

We keep on growing because we only hire the best, and our customers love us for it.

**AA Service Co has been providing “Trusted Comfort ” since 1965** throughout the North Shore and Chicagoland areas. Today, AA Service Co provides custom solutions for your home’s HVAC and Plumbing needs, focusing on customer comfort as our primary goal. We consistently provide a 5-star experience for our customers and pride ourselves on our customer experience focus. No matter what your indoor air needs, we are fully equipped to perform any commercial or residential heating, cooling and air quality project you encounter with our energy-efficient and green products – even late night emergencies. We pride ourselves on rewarding our employees for providing our customers with a top-notch customer experience. Come grow with us!

**Why we need you**

Because we offer state of the art customer experiences, we need a top of the line HVAC technician who genuinely cares about the customer and are not looking for “just a job”, but a career.

**The big task**

You will aid, diagnose, and repair, as well as maintain heating and cooling systems and lead customers to informed and confident buying decisions by providing an extraordinary customer experience.

**Key sub tasks**

Maintain communication with dispatch, your manager, parts and installation teams.

Keep your company truck clean, inside and out.

Keep your truck inventory up to date.

Properly complete paperwork.

Join the on-call rotation.

Maintain a clean and professional appearance.

Have and maintain a clean driving record.

Participate in training allowing you to grow and develop as a professional.

Have or be willing to get the proper certifications. We can help you with this.

**Skills and experience**

If you can achieve the above and you find it fun and challenging - you have just the right amount of skill and experience.

**What we offer**

**Benefits:**

Company vehicleMedical, Dental & Vision InsurancePaid vacation and holidays401K with employer matchCompany paid Short-term and Long-term disability insuranceCompany paid Life InsuranceTuition ReimbursementLearning & Professional Development OpportunitiesA family. This is last on the list because it’s most important. We care about our team and expect you to bring that same caring when you join. We do a lot more than just work together. You’ll come to love our company outings, and you’ll build life-long friendships at **AA Service Co**.

**Requirements**

In return for this great opportunity we are looking for:

Must have a clean driver license.

Mechanical skills, proficient working with tools.

Enjoy helping people. Be polite and respectful in our customers homes and with how you communicate with your colleagues.

Be resourceful. Focus on solutions, not on problems.

Attention to details. Looking for employees who take pride in the quality of their work.

Great attitude. Looking for employees who whistle and smile while they work. Negative attitudes need not apply.

Looking for apprentices who want to quickly learn and grow. Our top technicians earn over $100,000 annually. This could be you in under 3 years.

Job Type: Full-time

Salary: $[18.00](http://18.00) - $[22.00](http://22.00) per hour

Expected hours: No less than 40 per week

Benefits:

401(k) matchingDental insuranceEmployee discountHealth insuranceHealth savings accountLife insurancePaid time offReferral programRetirement planVision insurance

Schedule:

8 hour shiftMonday to FridayOvertime

Education:

High school or equivalent (Required)

License/Certification:

EPA Universal Certification (Preferred)

Ability to Relocate:

Northbrook, IL: Relocate before starting work (Required)

Work Location: In person