<div class="content-intro"><p>At Trustpilot, we're on an incredible journey. We're a profitable, high-growth FTSE-250 company with a big vision: to become the universal symbol of trust. We run the world's largest independent consumer review platform, and while we've come a long way, there's still so much exciting work to do. Come join us at the heart of trust!</p></div><p>12-month FTC&nbsp;</p>
<p>Are you a master of co-ordination who thrives at the intersection of creativity and strategy?&nbsp;</p>
<p>The way that marketing gets done is changing. We’re looking for an FTC Global Campaign Manager who can help us on our transformation journey to embrace agentic marketing. Over these 12 months, you’ll plug into complex and exciting projects that drive our marketing organisation, and entire business, forward.&nbsp;</p>
<p>It’s a pivotal role for someone with a bold growth mindset and both a confidence and curiosity about best practice marketing operations.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Trustpilot’s Studio is looking for a Global Campaign Manager to lead the planning and delivery of high-impact marketing campaigns that reach millions. As a critical member of our Marketing team, you’ll drive alignment between brand, product, and commercial priorities, ensuring our message remains consistent across global markets.&nbsp;</p>
<p>You’ll be the operational engine behind our most ambitious projects, turning high-level strategies into actionable results while helping us evolve how we work. If you are motivated by creating structure that enables world-class creativity, we want to hear from you.</p>
<h3 data-path-to-node="7">What you'll be doing:</h3>
<p>The Global Campaign Manager leads the end-to-end coordination and delivery of high-impact global marketing campaigns within Trustpilot's Studio.</p>
<ul>
<li>Lead end-to-end campaign execution by translating brand and product strategies into actionable project plans and deliverables.</li>
<li>Investigate and make business cases for how AI models and tools can help us deliver excellent marketing</li>
<li>Drive global alignment by partnering with regional leads and channel owners to ensure consistent rollouts and messaging across all markets.</li>
<li>Manage project lifecycles by scoping timelines, identifying risks, and proactively removing blockers to ensure on-time, high-quality delivery.</li>
<li>Optimize Studio operations by refining planning frameworks and workflow systems to improve efficiency and resource allocation in collaboration with the Marketing Operations team.</li>
<li>Maintain central visibility through a campaign calendar and reporting dashboard to track progress, assets, and key milestones aligned to Marketing Operations defined standards.</li>
<li>Manage budget and external talent, tracking expenditures and overseeing relationships with freelancers or vendors as needed.</li>
</ul>
<h3 data-path-to-node="10">Who you are:</h3>
<ul>
<li>Experienced campaign leader: You have a proven track record in campaign management or marketing operations, ideally within a global or SaaS organization.</li>
<li>Strategic project manager: You are skilled at leading multi-channel campaigns from initial planning through to post-launch reporting.</li>
<li>Collaborative communicator: You excel at managing cross-functional teams and external partners, remaining calm and positive under pressure.</li>
<li>Process-oriented: You’re comfortable using tools like Jira, Google Sheets, Asana, or monday.com to create structure and drive operational excellence.</li>
<li>Change-agile: You bring a natural curiosity to your work and are keen to adapt your approach as our operating model and organizational processes evolve</li>
<li>Data-informed: You have a strong understanding of creative workflows and are comfortable working with performance reporting dashboards.</li>
<li>Versatile contributor: You are equally comfortable engaging in high-level creative discussions as you are in detailed operational planning.</li>
</ul>
<h3>What's in it for you:</h3>
<ul>
<li>A range of flexible working options to dedicate time to what matters to you</li>
<li>Competitive compensation package + bonus</li>
<li>25 days holiday per year, increasing to 28 days after 2 years of employment&nbsp;</li>
<li>Two (paid) volunteering days a year to spend your time giving back to the causes that matter to you and your community</li>
<li>Rich learning and development opportunities are supported through the Trustpilot Academy and Blinkist</li>
<li>Pension and life insurance</li>
<li>Health cash plan, online GP, 24/7, Employee Assistance Plan</li>
<li>Full access to Headspace, a popular mindfulness app to promote positive mental health</li>
<li>Paid parental leave</li>
<li>Season ticket loan and a cycle-to-work scheme</li>
<li>Central office location complete with table tennis, a gaming corner, coffee bars and all the snacks and refreshments you can ask for</li>
<li>Regular opportunities to connect and get to know your fellow Trusties, including company-wide celebrations and events, ERG activities, and team socials.</li>
<li>Access to over 4,000 deals and discounts on things like travel, electronics, fashion, fitness, cinema discounts, and more.</li>
<li>Independent financial advice and free standard professional mortgage broker advice</li>
<li>Talent acceleration programs: Fast-track your career with our tailored development programs designed to support growth at whatever stage of your career</li>
</ul>
<p>#LI-JR1</p>
<p><strong>Still not sure?&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>We want to be a part of creating a more diverse, equitable, and inclusive world of work for all. We're excited to hear about your experiences along with how you will contribute to our working culture. Even if you don't feel you meet all the requirements, we'd still really like to hear from you!&nbsp;</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>About us</strong></p>
<p>Trustpilot began in 2007 with a simple yet powerful idea that is more relevant today than ever — to be the universal symbol of trust, bringing consumers and businesses together through reviews. Trustpilot is open, independent, and impartial — we help consumers make the right choices and businesses to build trust, grow and improve.</p>
<p>Today, we have more than 300 million reviews and 64 million monthly active users on average across the globe, with 140 billion annual Trustbox impressions, and the numbers keep growing. We have more than 1,000 employees and we’re headquartered in Copenhagen, with operations in Amsterdam, Denver, Edinburgh, Hamburg, London, Melbourne, Milan and New York.&nbsp;</p>
<p>We’re driven by connection. It’s at the heart of what we do. Our culture keeps things fresh –– it’s built on the relationships we create. We talk, we laugh, we collaborate and we respect each other. We work across borders and cultures to be the universal symbol of trust in an ever-changing world. With vibrant office locations worldwide and over 50 nationalities, we’re proud to be an equal opportunity workplace with diverse perspectives and ideas.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Our purpose to help people and businesses help each other is a tall order, but we keep it real. We’re a great bunch of humans, doing awesome stuff, without fuss or pretense. A successful Trustpilot future is driven by you –– we give you the autonomy to shape a career you can be proud of. If you’re ready to grow, let’s go.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Join us at the heart of trust.</strong></p>
<p><em>Trustpilot is committed to creating an inclusive environment where people from all backgrounds can thrive and where different viewpoints and experiences are valued and respected. Trustpilot will consider all applications for employment without regard to race, ethnicity, national origin, religious beliefs, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, neurodiversity, disability, age, parental or veteran status. Together, we are the heart of trust.</em></p>
<p><em>Trustpilot is a global company and our data practices are designed to ensure that your personally identifiable information is appropriately protected. Please note that your personal information will be transferred, accessed, and stored globally as necessary for the uses and disclosures stated in our <a href="https://corporate.trustpilot.com/legal/for-everyone/data-privacy-notice-for-candidates/dec-2024">Privacy Policy.</a><br><br><em data-stringify-type="italic">If you have a disability and would like to discuss any adjustments you might need either in submitting your application, or to the recruitment process more generally, please let us know by contacting our Talent Acquisition Team (talent.acquisition@trustpilot.com)</em><em data-stringify-type="italic">&nbsp;quoting the role you wish to apply for.<br></em></em></p></div>