<div class="content-intro"><h3>ABOUT TIDE</h3>
<p>At Tide we help SMEs save time (and money) in the running of their businesses by not only offering business accounts and related banking services, but also a comprehensive set of highly usable and connected administrative solutions from invoicing to accounting.</p>
<p>Tide is transforming the small business banking market with over 1.8 million members globally across the UK, India, Germany and France.</p>
<p>Using advanced technology, all solutions are designed with SMEs in mind. With quick onboarding, low fees and innovative features, we thrive on making data-driven decisions to serve our mission: to help SMEs save both time (and money) so they can get back to doing what they love.</p>
<p><strong>Tide facts:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Tide is available for UK, Indian, German and French SMEs</li>
<li>Over 1.8 million members: 800,000 UK and 1,000,000 in India and growing rapidly</li>
<li>Over $300 million raised in funding</li>
<li>Over 2,500 Tideans globally - we’re diversity champions!</li>
<li>We have offices in Central London, with a member support and technology centre in Sofia, Bulgaria, technology centres in Serbia, Romania, Lithuania and Hyderabad and offices in Gurugram and New Delhi, and in Berlin, Paris and Luxembourg.</li>
</ul></div><h3>ABOUT THE ROLE:&nbsp;</h3>
<p>As our CRM Manager for Wealth, you’ll take an established programme (with lots of new features coming through) and drive it to even greater heights through optimisation, personalisation and automation. <br><br>You’ll own the campaign delivery, planning process to enable delivery of a first class automation and personalisation programme. This will incorporate multiple marketing channels and touchpoints, with the end goal to engage, nudge and nurture our members’ investment portfolio.<br><br>You’ll have an established track record for testing and growing&nbsp; KPIs.&nbsp; We are a highly capable team who believe passionately in the problem we are solving, collaborating closely with direct feedback, and encouraging action over deliberation.</p>
<p><strong>Some of the things you’ll be doing:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Mapping the campaign strategy across multiple Tide Payment products.</li>
<li>Monitoring, reporting and presenting on Tide Wealth kpis and campaign performance to THE Dept and immediate stakeholders.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Building, executing and optimising campaign workflows.&nbsp;&nbsp;</li>
<li>Define a full testing and personalisation roadmap for your area that’s aligned with the product team.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Support wider team forecasting.</li>
<li>Manage stakeholder relationships across the product team to ensure a fully aligned roadplan.&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<h3>WHAT WE ARE LOOKING FOR:&nbsp;</h3>
<ul>
<li>You have a passion for marketing in a scale-up environment, and have 3-5 yrs of relevant experience.</li>
<li>You’ve got a great hands on skill set for automation, personalisation across multiple platforms.</li>
<li>You’ve previously worked in a high performing team.</li>
<li>You’ve have a proven track record utilising best practise targeting, automation and personalisation across multiple marketing channels to deliver significant upweights in behavioural frequency and revenue value from a large customer base.</li>
<li>You love data, and are happy to monitor, analyse and report on overall product performance against multiple KPIs, campaign inputs, and industry benchmarks to ensure the overall programme meets (and exceeds!) business objectives.</li>
<li>You have strong communication skills – you can build campaigns and relationships,&nbsp; coach and inspire technical and non-technical colleagues, across all levels of the business, and are able to pitch the message differently, and clearly, to all.</li>
<li>You are well organised with a passion for speed and efficiency.</li>
<li>You love to take the initiative and are comfortable taking measured risks.</li>
<li>You love a big challenge - especially for your targets.</li>
<li>You use data and evidence above your opinion.</li>
<li>You are able to adapt quickly and efficiently to changing priorities, while supporting your own team and the wider Team….you are happy to work as part of “One Team” at Tide.</li>
<li>You can pre-empt issues and minimise issues as well as clarifying ambiguity to enable your team to work effectively.</li>
<li>You can place trust in others to deliver while maintaining being on point to ensure the detail is delivered for our members.</li>
<li>Experience of Investments are beneficial but not essential.</li>
<li>Experience using SalesForce Marketing Cloud platform is beneficial but not essential.</li>
<li>Experience using the Looker reporting suite is beneficial but not essential.</li>
</ul>
<h3>WHAT YOU’LL GET IN RETURN:</h3>
<ul data-start="1543" data-end="2011">
<li class="" data-start="1543" data-end="1572">
<p class="" style="line-height: 1;" data-start="1545" data-end="1572">25 days paid annual leave</p>
</li>
<li class="" style="line-height: 1;" data-start="1543" data-end="1572">
<p class="" data-start="1545" data-end="1572">3 paid days off for volunteering or L&amp;D activities</p>
</li>
<li class="" style="line-height: 1;" data-start="1628" data-end="1693">
<p class="" data-start="1630" data-end="1693">Extended maternity and paternity leave covered by the company</p>
</li>
<li class="" style="line-height: 1;" data-start="1694" data-end="1739">
<p class="" data-start="1696" data-end="1739">Personal L&amp;D budget&nbsp;</p>
</li>
<li class="" style="line-height: 1;" data-start="1781" data-end="1811">
<p class="" data-start="1783" data-end="1811">Mental well-being platform</p>
</li>
<li class="" style="line-height: 1;" data-start="1914" data-end="1941">
<p class="" data-start="1916" data-end="1941">WFH equipment allowance</p>
</li>
<li class="" style="line-height: 1;" data-start="1942" data-end="1972">
<p class="" data-start="1944" data-end="1972">Flexible working from home</p>
</li>
<li class="" style="line-height: 1;" data-start="1973" data-end="1993">
<p class="" data-start="1975" data-end="1993">Sabbatical Leave</p>
</li>
<li class="" data-start="1994" data-end="2011">
<p class="" style="line-height: 1;" data-start="1996" data-end="2011">Share options</p>
</li>
</ul>
<h3>TIDEAN WAYS OF WORKING</h3>
<p>At Tide, we champion a <strong>flexible workplace </strong>model that<strong> </strong>supports both in-person and remote work to cater to the specific needs of our different teams.&nbsp;</p>
<p>While remote work is supported, we believe in the power of face-to-face interactions to foster team spirit and collaboration. Our offices are designed as hubs for innovation and team-building, where we encourage regular in-person gatherings to foster a strong sense of community.</p><div class="content-conclusion"><h3>TIDE IS A PLACE FOR EVERYONE</h3>
<p>At Tide, we believe that we can only succeed if we let our differences enrich our culture. Our Tideans come from a variety of backgrounds and experience levels. We consider everyone irrespective of their ethnicity, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, family or parental status, national origin, veteran, neurodiversity or differently-abled status. We celebrate diversity in our workforce as a cornerstone of our success. Our commitment to a broad spectrum of ideas and backgrounds is what enables us to build products that resonate with our members’ diverse needs and lives.&nbsp;</p>
<p>We are One Team and foster a transparent and inclusive environment, where everyone’s voice is heard.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><em>At Tide, we thrive on diversity, embracing various backgrounds and experiences. We welcome all individuals regardless of ethnicity, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, or disability. Our inclusive culture is key to our success, helping us build products that meet our members' diverse needs. We are One Team, committed to transparency and ensuring everyone’s voice is heard.</em></p>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section">&nbsp;</div>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section"><strong>Disclaimer</strong></div>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section">&nbsp;</div>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section"><em>It has come to our attention that individuals or agencies are falsely claiming to represent Tide and are reaching out to candidates regarding job opportunities. Please be aware that:</em></div>
<ul class="p-rich\_text\_list p-rich\_text\_list\_\_bullet p-rich\_text\_list--nested" data-stringify-type="unordered-list" data-list-tree="true" data-indent="0" data-border="0">
<li style="font-style: italic;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><em>Tide does&nbsp;<strong data-stringify-type="bold">not</strong>&nbsp;charge any fees at any stage of the recruitment process.</em></li>
<li style="font-style: italic;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><em>All official Tide job opportunities are listed exclusively on our&nbsp;<a href="https://www.tide.co/careers/" target="\_blank"><strong data-stringify-type="bold">Careers Page</strong></a>&nbsp;and applications should be submitted through this channel.</em></li>
<li style="font-style: italic;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><em>Communication from Tide will only come from an official&nbsp;<strong data-stringify-type="bold">@tide</strong><strong data-stringify-type="bold">.co</strong>&nbsp;email address.</em></li>
<li style="font-style: italic;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><em>Tide does not work with agencies or recruiters without prior formal engagement, and we do not authorize third parties to make job offers on our behalf.</em></li>
</ul>
<p><em>If you are contacted by anyone misrepresenting Tide or requesting payment, please treat it as fraudulent and report it to us immediately at <a href="mailto:talent@tide.co" target="\_blank">talent@tide.co</a><br>Your safety and trust are important to us, and we are committed to ensuring a fair and transparent recruitment process.</em></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><em><em data-stringify-type="italic">Tide leverages AI to enhance our hiring experience. You can read more about how we use AI in our recruitment process in our <a href="https://assets.ctfassets.net/3h69mkdgxn20/5MFtWSdG8YLKq3jZkK52NY/3f18633073e6cdbd03bba4b9791c64f4/Using\_AI\_throughout\_the\_Hiring\_Process.pdf" target="\_blank">AI Policy</a>.</em></em></p>
<p><em><em data-stringify-type="italic">Your personal data will be processed by Tide for recruitment purposes and in accordance with </em><em data-stringify-type="italic"><a class="c-link" href="https://assets.ctfassets.net/3h69mkdgxn20/4TE0uAE3SXomATDVneocNA/aa31893960b4064dd406ad15d029dcd3/Recruitment\_Privacy\_Notice.pdf" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://assets.ctfassets.net/3h69mkdgxn20/1MYf6q4ZMWugpeaROVETBN/526e9c160a2de03576413c81657c6466/Recruitment\_Privacy\_Notice\_\_Final\_Draft\_\_Sep\_2024\_.pdf" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">Tide's Recruitment Privacy Notice</a></em><em data-stringify-type="italic">.</em></em></p></div>