<h3><strong>About Stripe</strong></h3>
<p>Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies—from the world’s largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyone’s reach while doing the most important work of your career.</p>
<h3><strong>About the team</strong></h3>
<p>In this role, you’d be joining Stripe’s growing US State &amp; Local Tax team. Our tax team works with Stripes across the company to develop an efficient tax structure, and we are looking for a well-rounded and seasoned tax professional to help us lead this effort.&nbsp; This specific role will assist with a variety of US state sales tax compliance functions for Stripe and its many diverse offerings.&nbsp;</p>
<h2>What you’ll do</h2>
<p>We are seeking an experienced State &amp; Local Tax Compliance Specialist to build, improve, and maintain Stripe’s US indirect tax reporting and compliance function. This includes helping form and implement compliance processes, supporting management, and working with our indirect tax systems &amp; compliance leads on day to day matters, and much more. You will work for a rapidly growing Company in a fast paced environment, while collaborating with numerous functional teams across our organization. You will be an excellent communicator, with the ability to explain tax technical concepts and requirements in a simplified fashion to non-tax people.&nbsp;</p>
<h3>&nbsp;</h3>
<p>The position will be based in Bangalore and report to the State &amp; Local Tax Lead.</p>
<h3><strong>Responsibilities</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Ensure compliance with state and local sales tax rules, and other indirect tax obligations across the US.</li>
<li>Manage US sales tax registrations across state and local tax authorities.</li>
<li>Gather data for US sales tax audits and other indirect tax matters involving tax authorities.</li>
<li>Collaborate with the international indirect tax planning team on the ongoing enhancement of the indirect tax compliance and control processes.</li>
<li>Work with other tax team members and product &amp; engineering teams to help define compliance requirements and collaborate on the design and implementation of US sales tax controls.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Promote indirect tax awareness and knowledge including training and liaising with business and tax partners on changes to indirect tax legislation, systems, policies, and processes.</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Who you are</strong></h2>
<p>We’re looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.</p>
<h3><strong>Minimum requirements:&nbsp;</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>4-6 years of experience in US indirect tax compliance, with experience managing large-scale tax initiatives.</li>
<li>Previous in-house experience within a multinational business and either legal or accountancy firm experience.</li>
<li>An understanding of US state and local indirect tax laws and regulations.</li>
<li>An understanding of tax liability shifting models, including MoR (reseller), marketplace facilitator, and deemed seller.</li>
<li>Exceptional time-management and project-management skills.</li>
<li>Excellent verbal and written communication skills. You should be able to adjust your communication style based on your audience (users, product teams, advisors, etc.).&nbsp;</li>
<li>The ability to prioritize projects in a fast-changing environment.</li>
<li>Previous experience in working with engineering teams in scoping and implementing tax compliance requirements.</li>
</ul>
<h3>&nbsp;</h3>
<h3><strong>Preferred qualifications:</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>An advanced degree or professional qualification (CPA, JD or equivalent, Masters in Tax, or LLM or equivalent) in tax or law.&nbsp;&nbsp;</li>
<li>Experience working in technology, payments, or financial services.</li>
<li>Experience working in a high-growth, rapidly scaling environment.</li>
<li>A willingness to work with a diverse crew of tax nerds who care deeply about Stripe’s tax issues and each other.</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>To apply please include the following:</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>LinkedIn profile and resume</li>
</ul>