<p>As a Staff Technical Program Manager, you will partner with key Engineering, Product, Product Design, Marketing, and Analytics stakeholders to conduct data-driven experiments and deliver features for MongoDB. As a seasoned program leader, you will be responsible for one of our most mission-critical programs this fiscal year, and own executive level communication related to the program.</p>
<p>We are looking to speak to candidates who are based in Dublin for our hybrid working model, or remote within Ireland.</p>
<h3>The right candidate for this role will be:</h3>
<ul>
<li>Extensive experience working in an engineering organization leading complex cross-functional technical programs</li>
<li>Extensive experience of Software development background, with Cloud storage and compute products</li>
<li>Experience with Service Oriented Architecture and Cloud Infrastructure</li>
<li>Able to leverage their knowledge and experience to influence technical discussions, summarizing outcomes and next steps</li>
<li>Skilled at communicating across a diverse set of engineers and stakeholders</li>
<li>Hyper-organized and capable of coordinating across multiple independent work streams and organizations</li>
<li>A role model for effective execution practices, driven by an attuned sense of priority and urgency</li>
<li>Able to leverage their experience in program delivery to influence improvements to our tools, operations, and architecture</li>
<li>Trained in working with project tracking software (e.g. Jira, Rally, MS Project)</li>
<li>Familiar with MongoDB or a comparable technology</li>
<li>Interested in business automation work such as scripting in Python, Google Apps Script and Slack.</li>
</ul>
<h3>Position Expectations:</h3>
<ul>
<li>Leverage technical acumen and analytical skills to drive engineering programs forward and maximize business value delivery</li>
<li>Recognize patterns in a sea of information and take action accordingly</li>
<li>Design, maintain, and improve the processes and tools that power program delivery</li>
<li>Build strategic partnerships with Product and Engineering stakeholders</li>
<li>Expand knowledge into new domains as called upon</li>
<li>Act as a mentor to junior TPMs and lead by example</li>
<li>Embody <a href="https://www.mongodb.com/company/values">MongoDB's core values</a><em> </em>and <a href="https://www.mongodb.com/company/leadership-principles">leadership principles</a></li>
</ul>
<p>About MongoDB<br>MongoDB is built for change, empowering our customers and our people to innovate at the speed of the market. We have redefined the database for the AI era, enabling innovators to create, transform, and disrupt industries with software. MongoDB’s unified database platform—the most widely available, globally distributed database on the market—helps organizations modernize legacy workloads, embrace innovation, and unleash AI. Our cloud-native platform, MongoDB Atlas, is the only globally distributed, multi-cloud database and is available across AWS, Google Cloud, and Microsoft Azure.</p>
<p>With offices worldwide and nearly 60,000 customers—including 75% of the Fortune 100 and AI-native startups—relying on MongoDB for their most important applications, we’re powering the next era of software.</p>
<p>Our compass at MongoDB is our <a href="https://www.mongodb.com/company">Leadership Commitment,</a> guiding how and why we make decisions, show up for each other, and win. It’s what makes us MongoDB.&nbsp;</p>
<p>To drive the personal growth and business impact of our employees, we’re committed to developing a supportive and enriching culture for everyone. <a href="https://www.mongodb.com/company/blog/culture/employee-benefits-that-make-a-difference-at-mongodb">From employee affinity groups, to fertility assistance and a generous parental leave policy</a>, we value our employees’ wellbeing and want to support them along every step of their professional and personal journeys.<a href="https://www.mongodb.com/blog/channel/culture"> Learn more about what it’s like to work at MongoDB</a>, and help us make an impact on the world!</p>
<p>MongoDB is committed to providing any necessary accommodations for individuals with disabilities within our application and interview process. To request an accommodation due to a disability, please inform your recruiter.</p>
<p>MongoDB is an equal opportunities employer.</p>
<p><em>Req ID: 3263275656</em></p>