<div class="content-intro"><p><span style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;">Shift delivers AI agents that transform insurers' most critical work. By combining deep industry expertise and unmatched data resources, Shift provides proven results that have earned the trust of hundreds of the world's leading insurers. Our insurance-grade AI is accurate, explainable, and secure—empowering human experts to move with unmatched speed, total confidence, and a renewed focus on the people they serve.</span></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><video poster="https://8595762.fs1.hubspotusercontent-na1.net/hubfs/8595762/2026%20Website%20Refresh/2026%20Shift%20Brand%20Video/thumbnail-violet.jpg" controls="controls" width="300" height="150">
&nbsp;&nbsp;<source src="https://8595762.fs1.hubspotusercontent-na1.net/hubfs/8595762/2026%20Website%20Refresh/2026%20Shift%20Brand%20Video/2026%20Shift%20Brand%20Video%20(English).mp4" type="video/mp4">
&nbsp;&nbsp;Your browser does not support the video tag.</video></p>
<p><span style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;">Our culture is built on innovation, trust, and a drive to transform the insurance industry through our SaaS platform. We come from more than 50 different countries and cultures and together we are creating the future of insurance.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;">Learn more at <a href="http://www.shift-technology.com" target="\_blank">www.shift-technology.com</a></span></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p></div><p><strong><br>ABOUT THE ENGINEERING TEAM</strong></p>
<p>Our Engineering team lies at the core of the value we offer to our customers. We solve complex problems by working not only within our squads, but also by working collaboratively with other teams across the organization.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Our tech stack includes .Net core (C#), Python, Cosmos DB, Service Bus, and more. If you are excited by solving complex technical challenges, this is the right place for you!</p>
<p><strong><br>WHAT YOUR TEAM DOES...</strong></p>
<p>You would join an internal squad in charge of building the foundations to help other squads to develop / deploy / monitor / secure their services. The team also develops transversal services such as the config service, uploads documents and monitors the Software Development Kit (SDK).</p>
<p><strong><br>WHAT YOU'LL DO...</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>As a .NET C# Software Developer, your technical knowledge and autonomy will let you build complete designs for our applications and features.</li>
<li>You'll design and implement intuitive, scalable components that drive efficiency across our platform.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong><br>WHAT YOU BRING...</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>You have a first experience in software development.</li>
<li>You have used an OOP language, and ideally <strong>C# .Net&nbsp;</strong></li>
<li>You have a good understanding of Microsoft Azure</li>
<li>You are able to build and modify high-performance APIs and program</li>
<li>Bonus:&nbsp;</li>
<ul>
<li>Knowledge of Cosmos DB and Service Bus</li>
<li>Knowledge and understanding of AI/ML Fundamentals</li>
</ul>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>RECRUITMENT PROCESS</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>HR Screening</li>
<li>Technical Screening with a Back-end engineer</li>
<li>Final Round with Hiring Manager&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p><span style="font-size: 8pt; color: rgb(255, 255, 255);">#LI-RH1 #LI-REMOTE</span></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p><div class="content-pay-transparency"><div class="pay-input"><div class="description"><p>The range listed is for base compensation.&nbsp; Your actual base salary will vary based on factors including location and individual qualifications objectively assessed during the interview process.&nbsp;</p>
<p>In addition to base salary, your total rewards package will include additional components such as incentive pay and benefits.&nbsp; If you're interviewing for this role, speak with your Talent Acquisition Partner to learn more about the specific details for this position.</p></div><div class="title">Base Salary Pay Range</div><div class="pay-range"><span>€45.000</span><span class="divider">&mdash;</span><span>€48.000 EUR</span></div></div></div><div class="content-conclusion"><p><span style="color: #000000;"><strong><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;">To support our permanent, full time employees at every stage of their careers and lives, we provide a competitive total rewards and benefits package. Here are the global benefits we’d like to highlight:</span></strong></span></p>
<ul>
<li style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;"><span style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0); font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;">Flexible remote and hybrid working options</span></li>
<li style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;"><span style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0); font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;">Competitive Salary and a variable component tied to personal and company performance</span></li>
<li style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;"><span style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0); font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;">Multiple Learning and Development opportunities, including Focus Fridays, a half-day each month to focus on learning and personal growth</span></li>
<li style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;"><span style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0); font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;">Generous PTO and paid holidays</span></li>
<li style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;"><span style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0); font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;">Mental health benefits&nbsp;</span></li>
<li style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;"><span style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0); font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;">2 MAD Days per year (Make A Difference Days for paid volunteering)</span></li>
</ul>
<p><span style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0); font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;">Additional benefits may be offered by country, based on your eligibility - ask your recruiter for more information. Intern and Apprentice positions may receive some of these benefits - ask your recruiter for more details.</span></p>
<p><span style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0); font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;"><em>At Shift we strive to be a diverse and inclusive workforce. <em data-stringify-type="italic">We welcome applications from and hire people who will contribute to the diversity of our company,&nbsp;</em>without regard to race, color, religion, marital status, age, national or ethnic origin, physical or mental disability, medical condition, pregnancy, genetic information, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, or other non-merit criteria.</em></span></p>
<p><span style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0); font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;"><em>Shift Technology is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities in our application and employment process. Should you require accommodation, please email accommodation@shift-technology.com and we will work with you to meet your accessibility needs.</em></span></p>
<p><span style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0); font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;"><em>Please be aware of scammers and only trust correspondence that comes from emails ending in "shift-technology.com". We will never do initial outreach to you via Whatsapp/Text/SMS, never ask for banking information or personal identification numbers (ex. Social Security Number) as part of our recruitment process.</em></span></p>
<p><span style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0); font-size: 8pt; font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;"><em>Shift Technology does not accept unsolicited CVs from recruiters or employment agencies in response to the Shift Technology Careers page or a Shift Technology social media post. Any unsolicited CVs, including those submitted directly to hiring managers, are deemed to be the property of Shift Technology. </em></span></p></div>