<div class="content-intro"><h3><strong>About Us at GoCardless</strong></h3>
<p>GoCardless is a <strong>global bank payment</strong> company. Over <strong>100,000 businesses</strong>, from start-ups to household names, use GoCardless to collect and send payments through direct debit, real-time payments and open banking.&nbsp;</p>
<p>GoCardless processes <strong>US$130bn+</strong> of payments annually, across <strong>30+ countries</strong>; helping customers collect and send both <strong>recurring</strong> and <strong>one-off payments</strong>, without the chasing, stress or expensive fees. We use AI-powered solutions to improve payment success and reduce fraud. And, with open banking connectivity to over <strong>2,500 banks</strong>, we help our customers make faster, more informed decisions.</p>
<p>We are headquartered in the<strong> UK</strong> with offices in <strong>London</strong> and <strong>Leeds</strong>, and additional locations in <strong>Australia, France, Ireland, Latvia, Portugal</strong> and the <strong>United States.</strong></p>
<p>At GoCardless, we're all about <strong>supporting you</strong>! We’re committed to making our hiring process <strong>inclusive</strong> and <strong>accessible</strong>. If you need extra support or adjustments, reach out to your <strong>Talent Partner</strong> — we’re here to help!&nbsp;</p>
<p>And remember: we don’t expect you to meet every single requirement. If you’re excited by this role, <strong>we encourage you to apply!</strong></p></div><p><strong>The role</strong></p>
<p>We believe in making lives easier by building outstanding experiences.</p>
<p>We're looking for inspired and curious people to join the design function to help develop the culture, and define principles to set the direction for the future of GoCardless products.</p>
<p>GoCardless teams strive to deliver meaningful change to the people and processes we serve. Whether it's an internal tool or an outward-facing product, we take pride in our craft from insight to application, aiming to elevate our product and make it easy for our customers to get value.</p>
<p>As an ideal candidate, you can work autonomously, can collaborate well with different teams, are familiar with all UX best practices, and have strong visual design skills. Existing experience with experimentation practices are beneficial.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>What excites you&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><strong>You care about craft </strong>and constantly strive to raise the bar of quality across products.</li>
<li><strong>You have a growth mindset</strong>, motivated by driving business outcomes.</li>
<li><strong>You care about craft </strong>and constantly strive to raise the bar of quality across products.</li>
<li><strong>You’re a master of the end-to-end process</strong>, from researching and discovering problems through to designing the solution and providing input to delivery.</li>
<li><strong>You thrive in a collaborative environment</strong> and believe the best products are built through collaboration.</li>
<li><strong>You are passionate</strong> about designing and improving products by experimenting, prototyping and applying an iterative approach to validate ideas and learn.</li>
<li><strong>You care about the customer&nbsp;</strong>and design products to suit their needs.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>What excites us&nbsp;&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><strong>Curiosity to learn:</strong> We want designers with an appetite to learn whether its customer needs, self-development, or embracing new technologies</li>
<li><strong>A systems thinker:</strong>&nbsp;We’re looking for a designer who can scale our experiences to large audiences ensuring the quality scales in tandem such as AI</li>
<li><strong>Innovative problem solving</strong>: We want designers who push the boundaries of what’s possible when designing solutions</li>
<li><strong>You are a team player:</strong> We are a close team and thrive on collaboration, the sharing of ideas and honest critique</li>
</ul>
<p>We don’t expect you to meet every requirement. If you’re excited by this role, we encourage you to apply.&nbsp;</p><div class="content-conclusion"><h3><strong>The Good Stuff!</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li><strong>Wellbeing</strong>: Dedicated support and medical cover to keep you healthy.</li>
<li><strong>Work Away Scheme</strong>: Work from anywhere for up to 90 days in any 12-month period.</li>
<li><strong>Hybrid Working</strong>: Our hybrid model offers flexibility, with in-office days determined by your team.</li>
<li><strong>Equity</strong>: All permanently employed GeeCees get equity to share in our success.</li>
<li><strong>Parental leave</strong>: Tailored leave to support your life's great adventure.</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><strong data-stringify-type="bold">Time off:</strong>&nbsp;Annual holiday leave based on your location, supplemented by 3 volunteer days and 4 wellness days.</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>Life at GoCardless </strong></h3>
<p>We're an organisation defined by our&nbsp;<a class="c-link" href="https://gocardless.com/g/values-operating-principles/" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://gocardless.com/g/values-operating-principles/" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">values</a>; We <strong>start with why</strong> before we begin any project, to ensure it’s aligned with our mission. We <strong>make it happen</strong>, working with urgency and taking personal accountability for getting things done. We <strong>act with integrity</strong>, always. We <strong>care deeply</strong> about what we do and we know it's essential that we <strong>be humble</strong> whilst we do it. Our Values form part of the GoCardless DNA, and are used to not only help us nurture and develop our culture, but to deliver impactful work that will help us to achieve our vision.</p>
<h3><strong>Diversity &amp; Inclusion</strong></h3>
<p>We’re building the <strong>payment network of the future</strong>, and to achieve our goal, we need a <strong>diverse team</strong> with a range of perspectives and experiences. As of July 2024, here’s where we stand:</p>
<ul>
<li>45% identify as women&nbsp;</li>
<li>23% identify as Black, Asian, Mixed, or Other&nbsp;</li>
<li>10% identify as LGBTQIA+&nbsp;</li>
<li>9% identify as neurodiverse&nbsp;</li>
<li>2% identify as disabled&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p>If you want to learn more, you can read about our Employee Resource Groups and objectives <a href="https://gocardless.com/about/diversity-inclusion/">here</a> as well as our latest<a href="https://gocardless.com/assets/40w0m41bmydz/3hqJy4SUqZqW3BmBHlESUe/d1c7932b97b8a8ebcd0fb07418432fe9/GoCardless\_Diversity\_\_\_Inclusion\_Report\_2022.pdf"> </a><a href="https://assets.ctfassets.net/40w0m41bmydz/zGxwfm2rTwqXV4bwOMODR/8c303a244c90e49c9fa7c2ede11cf1e6/GoCardless\_Diversity\_and\_Inclusion\_Report\_20230731\_\_1\_.pdf" target="\_blank">D&amp;I Report</a><strong>&nbsp;</strong></p>
<h3><strong>Sustainability at GoCardless</strong></h3>
<p>We’re committed to reducing our&nbsp;<strong>environmental impact</strong> and leaving a sustainable world for future generations. As co-founders of the <strong>Tech Zero coalition</strong>, we’re working towards a <strong>climate-positive future</strong>. Check out our sustainability<a href="https://gocardless.com/sustainability/" target="\_blank"> action plan</a> here.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Find out more about Life at GoCardless via <a href="https://x.com/gocardless" target="\_blank">X</a>,<a href="http://instagram.com/lifeatgocardless" target="\_blank"> Instagram</a> and<a href="http://linkedin.com/company/gocardless" target="\_blank"> LinkedIn</a>.&nbsp;</strong></p></div>