<div class="content-intro"><h2><span data-sheets-root="1">About Wolt</span></h2>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">At Wolt, we create technology that brings joy, simplicity and earnings to the neighborhoods of the world. In 2014 we started with delivery of restaurant food. Now we’re building the delivery of (almost) everything and you’ll find us in over 500 cities in 30 countries around the world. In 2022 we joined forces with DoorDash and together we keep on dreaming big and expanding across the globe.<br><br>Working at Wolt isn’t always easy, but it’s definitely exciting. Here you’ll learn more, build more, and ship more than in most other companies. You’ll be challenged a lot, but also have a lot of fun on the way. So, if you’re a self-starter with drive and entrepreneurial spirit, this could be the ride of your life.</span></p></div><h2>About the role</h2>
<p><strong>\*\* We are open to applicants from any Central European country that Wolt operates in \*\*</strong></p>
<p>To accelerate our expansion beyond restaurants, we are looking for a Global Strategic Partnerships Lead to strengthen our global retail team. In this individual contributor role, you will be responsible for driving sales efforts for the biggest multinational retail partners across our <strong>Central Region (c.10 countries)</strong> for a variety of sectors including: Grocery, Pharmacy, Health &amp; Beauty, Pet Care and Electronics. You will work as part of the global team while partnering closely with local country teams to ensure we have the optimal retail selection live on our platform.</p>
<p>The Global Strategic Partnerships Lead will combine expertise in retail enterprise sales and commercial excellence to negotiate, sign and launch partnerships with the largest retailers in Wolt’s Central Region. This person is in the driver’s seat for defining and executing our regional retail enterprise sales strategy. Once partners have been onboarded to the platform in one or multiple of our countries, this role will ensure the partnership is set up for successful expansion across all applicable Wolt countries.&nbsp;&nbsp;</p>
<p>You will lead complex, multinational sales processes in a highly consultative manner. You are capable of engaging in business level and P&amp;L focused conversations with C-level executives at some of the biggest global retailers. You are excited to scale this expertise by upskilling our local retail sales teams and providing commercial advice across a broad set of retailer-specific topics and deal strategies.&nbsp;</p>
<p>You are a self-starter with strong relationship building skills and you invest time to understand internal and external stakeholders and their problems in order to advise how to sign and scale the largest retail partners faster. You naturally gravitate toward using data and insights to drive sales and account performance on the client-side, as well as on Wolt’s side. Finally, you enjoy building. You like to experiment with new things to further develop our sales process in ways that we may not have explored before.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>What you’ll be doing</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Structuring, negotiating and driving execution of large scale multinational retail deals, and making sure the partnership is growing across markets post launch.</li>
<li>Ensuring coordination between local country teams that work with global retail accounts to make sure they’re all aligned with our commercial goals.</li>
<li>Managing regional pipelines, investment proposals and alignment calls to develop and execute winning deal strategies to launch and scale partnerships while building a sense of community across local enterprise sales teams.</li>
<li>Becoming a knowledge source and a go-to person that consults markets on how to build their local enterprise strategy and support them in closing and executing local enterprise deals across our Central Region countries.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Developing Wolt’s enterprise sales playbooks and toolkits for local markets.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Working closely with Finance, Analytics, Marketing and Product teams to represent the countries’ needs for closing enterprise deals.&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Qualifications</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>A proven deal closer and process builder with 8+ years’ experience in business development or sales, preferably from a mix of both startup and large enterprise roles. You have strong analytical, financial and commercial acumen and are able to derive actionable insights.</li>
<li>Extensive experience in one or more of our core retail sectors: Grocery, Pharmacy, Health &amp; Beauty, Pet Care and Electronics - ideally developing strategic partnerships with large (Fortune 500 scale) companies.</li>
<li>Great commercial skills - you have sharp instincts for the right opportunities but are equally comfortable modeling and articulating the P&amp;L impact.&nbsp;</li>
<li>A team player and a leader with the ability to work hands-on with local teams to rapidly deliver successful performance improvements with measurable impact.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Experience in developing and implementing new ways of working towards commercial excellence in a global organization.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Flexible and adaptable - you can be highly strategic but also get into the details where needed.</li>
<li>Excellent written and oral communication skills in English.</li>
<li>Willingness to work from one of the Wolt countries and travel for internal and external meetings.&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p><iframe src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/GoL541\_xj9w" width="560" height="314"></iframe></p>
<p>#LI-WM1</p>
<h2>Compensation &amp; Benefits - Poland</h2>
<p>The salary range for this role is 24 827 - 31 034 PLN gross per month. The successful candidate's starting pay will fall within the pay range listed above and is determined based on a number of job-related factors including, but not limited to, skills, experience, qualifications, work location, and market conditions.</p>
<p>This position would be eligible for consideration for an equity award grant of restricted stock units on commence and during the annual pay review cycle. Upon commencement of employment, you would be eligible to be considered for a grant with an approximately 50 800 USD. Thereafter, any further grants would be at the Company's discretion.</p>
<h3>Benefits</h3>
<ul>
<li>Health Insurance:</li>
<ul>
<li>Comprehensive medical coverage through Medicover’s Zdrowie Premium plan, offering specialist consultations, diagnostics, and routine check-ups for just PLN 1 per month.</li>
<li>Participation is voluntary, with the option to extend coverage to family members for PLN 255.45 per month.</li>
</ul>
<li>Employee Capital Plans (PPK):</li>
<ul>
<li>Long-term savings program managed by Nationale-Nederlanden, helping employees build financial security for the future.</li>
<li>Funded by monthly contributions of 2% from the employee and 1.5% from Wolt, with automatic enrollment for eligible employees under 55.</li>
</ul>
<li>MyBenefit Cafeteria:</li>
<ul>
<li>Monthly allowance of 106 points (1 point = 1 PLN) to spend on benefits like fitness or wellness passes, shopping vouchers, cinema tickets, or other discounts.</li>
</ul>
<li>MultiSport Card:
<ul>
<li>MultiSport Light: 0.00 PLN employee cost &amp; 74.00 PLN cafeteria deduction</li>
<li>MultiSport Classic: 0.00 PLN employee cost &amp; 101.00 PLN cafeteria point deduction</li>
<li>MultiSport Plus: 30.00 PLN employee cost &amp; 101.00 PLN cafeteria point deduction</li>
</ul>
</li>
<ul>
<li>Fitness benefit available through the MyBenefit Cafeteria platform, offering access to thousands of gyms, pools, and sports facilities across Poland.</li>
<li>Employees have the option to select the card most suitable for their needs.</li>
<li>Options:</li>
</ul>
<li>Annual Leave:</li>
<ul>
<li>Take time to rest, recharge, and do what matters most. Your annual leave may vary depending on your role or contract, but everyone gets plenty of time to unwind and find balance.</li>
<li>The accrual of vacation days is determined by the terms of your employment contract.</li>
<li>Full-time employees are entitled to 26 vacation days per holiday year, regardless of their employment history.</li>
</ul>
<li>Birthday Day Off:</li>
<ul>
<li>One extra paid day off each year to celebrate your birthday, available to all employees.</li>
<li>Can be taken within seven days of your birthday (or later within the settlement period) as a full day off, no carry-over or cash equivalent.</li>
</ul>
<li>Employee Assistance Program (EAP):</li>
<ul>
<li>A trusted, confidential way to access professional support whenever you need it.</li>
<li>Our EAP provides immediate, confidential access to professional support for you and your family.</li>
<li>24/7 counselling by phone, video, or chat.</li>
<li>Available in multiple languages across all markets.</li>
<li>Guidance on work, family, finances, and wellbeing.</li>
<li>Free of charge for all employees and their dependents.</li>
</ul>
<li>Cuckoo Wellbeing Platform:</li>
<ul>
<li>A simple and engaging way to boost wellbeing and productivity every day.</li>
<li>Cuckoo encourages short, energising movement breaks that fit naturally into your workday.</li>
<li>It helps you build lasting healthy habits, supporting focus, energy, and overall wellbeing.</li>
</ul>
<li>Wolt Credits</li>
<ul>
<li>When you order home delivery through Wolt, you’ll get more than just great food you earn Wolt Credit!</li>
<li>Earn 15% back in Wolt Credits on every home delivery order.</li>
<li>Credits appear automatically after your delivery is completed.</li>
<li>Use them toward future orders, they apply until used or expired.</li>
<li>Credits are based on the amount you pay, with caps applied per order.</li>
</ul>
<li>Global Parental Leave</li>
<ul>
<li>At a Glance: Our Global Parental Leave policy reflects Wolt’s commitment to openness, equality, and inclusion ensuring all parents can take meaningful time with their families, no matter where they work.</li>
<li>Wolt tops up statutory provisions where needed to provide the equivalent of 100% pay for up to 16 weeks of paid leave.</li>
<li>Available to all permanent employees after 12+ months service.</li>
<li>Can be taken any time until your child turns 3.</li>
<li>Applies equally across all markets, genders, parents, and family structures.</li>
</ul>
</ul>
<p>Wherever you join Wolt, you’ll have access to benefits that are fair, inclusive, and meaningful designed to support your wellbeing, your family, and your future.</p>
<h2>Compensation - Austria</h2>
<p>The successful candidate’s starting pay will fall within the pay range listed below and is determined based on factors such as the candidate’s skills, experience and qualifications. Please note, that the starting pay may vary if the candidate does not fully meet the expectations as outlined in this job posting.&nbsp;</p>
<p>The salary below is the monthly salary range for this position.&nbsp;</p>
<p>To learn more about our benefits, please do not hesitate to bring this up with our Talent Acquisition Partner!</p><div class="content-pay-transparency"><div class="pay-input"><div class="title">Austria Pay Range:</div><div class="pay-range"><span>€8.430</span><span class="divider">&mdash;</span><span>€10.537 EUR</span></div></div></div><div class="content-conclusion"><h2><span data-sheets-root="1">Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion</span></h2>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">We’re committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. That’s why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.</span></p></div>