<div><strong>About Groww:</strong></div>
<div>We are a passionate group of people focused on making financial services accessible to every Indian through a multi-product platform. Each day, we help millions of customers take charge of their financial journey. Customer obsession is in our DNA. Every product, every design, every algorithm down to the tiniest detail is executed keeping the customers’ needs and convenience in mind. Our people are our greatest strength. Everyone at Groww is driven by ownership, customer-centricity, integrity and the passion to constantly challenge the status quo.</div>
<div>&nbsp;</div>
<div>Are you as passionate about defying conventions and creating something extraordinary as we are? Let’s chat.</div>
<div>&nbsp;</div>
<div><strong>Our Vision</strong></div>
<div>Every individual deserves the knowledge, tools, and confidence to make informed financial decisions. At Groww, we are making sure every Indian feels empowered to do so through a cutting-edge multi-product platform offering a variety of financial services. Our long-term vision is to become the trusted financial partner for millions of Indians.</div>
<div>&nbsp;</div>
<div><strong>Our Values</strong></div>
<div>Our culture enables us to be what we are — India’s fastest-growing financial services company. It fosters an environment where collaboration, transparency, and open communication take center-stage and hierarchies fade away. There is space for every individual to be themselves and feel motivated to bring their best to the table, as well as craft a promising career for themselves.</div>
<div>The values that form our foundation are:</div>
<ul>
<li>Radical customer centricity</li>
<li>Ownership-driven culture</li>
<li>Keeping everything simple</li>
<li>Long-term thinking</li>
<li>Complete transparency</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<div><strong>What youʼll do?</strong></div>
<ul>
<li>Bridging the gaps b/w core infra, security, QA and development team.</li>
<li>Managing application deployment &amp; GKE platforms - automate and improve development and release processes.</li>
<li>Working with the Dev team to understand the application architecture and its bottlenecks in-depth.</li>
<li>Creating, managing and maintaining data stores &amp; data platform infra using IaC.</li>
<li>Owning the end-to-end Availability, Performance, and Capacity of applications and their infrastructure and creating/maintaining the respective observability with Prometheus/New Relic/ELK/Loki.</li>
<li>Creating, managing and maintaining the Internal infrastructure platform which manages the CI/CD process, data stores, Kubernetes etc</li>
<li>Providing 24X7 infra &amp; app support, building processes and documenting "tribal" knowledge around the same time.</li>
<li>Managing the SLO/Error Budgets/Alerts of the internal infrastructure platform.</li>
<li>Working with Core Infra, Dev and Product teams to implement the platform.</li>
<li>Managing outages, doing detailed RCA with developers, and identifying ways to avoid that situation.</li>
<li>Mentor and train L1 engineers and continually improve app and infra support processes.</li>
<li>Automate toil and repetitive work</li>
</ul>
<div><strong>What are we looking for?</strong></div>
<ul>
<li>5 to 8 Years of experience in managing high traffic, large-scale microservices and infrastructure.</li>
<li>Experience in troubleshooting, managing and deploying containerised environments using Docker/containerd, and Kubernetes is a must.</li>
<li>Must be proficient with the helm with experience in service mesh like Istio/Linkerd.</li>
<li>Must have hands-on experience in managing and troubleshooting the Kubernetes environment.</li>
<li>Extensive experience with Linux administration and understanding of the various Linux kernel subsystems (memory, storage, network etc).</li>
<li>Extensive experience in DNS, TCP/IP, Routing and Load Balancing.</li>
<li>Expertise in GitOps, Infrastructure as a Code tool such as Terraform, Pulumi, Crossplane etc. and Configuration Management Tools such as Chef, Puppet, Saltstack, and Ansible.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>