<p>First and most importantly: our mission is to bring transparency and clarity to the world's data.</p>
<p>Our platform, FiftyOne, is <strong>where AI work happens</strong>. Our enterprise platform is <em>the</em> mission critical linchpin for managing unstructured data, model development, and AI systems at the world's largest companies.</p>
<p>We believe that <strong>open source </strong>is the way to lead the data-centric AI revolution. Our open source version has 4 million downloads to-date.</p>
<p>Our software massively impacts AI work across almost every vertical: <strong>from self-driving cars to medical imaging to revolutionizing agriculture</strong>, we are at the thrilling center of real-world AI advancement’s next wave.</p>
<p>And we’re built on three key tenets:</p>
<ul>
<li>We are all<strong> human beings</strong>: we strive to be a “human-first” organization and treat everyone with the respect, care, and flexibility that all people deserve.&nbsp;</li>
<li>We are<strong> distributed</strong>: we believe in getting autonomy and power into the hands of people actually doing the work</li>
<li>We believe in the power of <strong>community</strong></li>
</ul>
<p>We are fully remote, hiring for people based in the United States, and who are prepared to travel to at least 2 in-person retreats per year.</p>
<p><strong>About your role</strong></p>
<p>As a Senior Software Engineer at Voxel51, you’ll collaborate with a team that delivers features to support dataset curation, model analysis, and integrations that span the entire machine learning lifecycle. You’ll build clean, scalable APIs and solve unique challenges that arise when working with unstructured data (images and video). You’ll have the opportunity to contribute to a thriving open source community while also emphasizing enterprise-grade engineering for our commercial products.</p>
<p><strong>What you will do</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Develop our open source SDK, as well as our enterprise APIs, UIs, and backend systems.</li>
<li>Help us scale our enterprise solution (deployed into customer’s own cloud and on prem) to support the largest vision AI datasets in existence, supporting individual researchers to Fortune 500 companies; processing petabytes of data.</li>
<li>Write production code that is maintainable, flexible, performant, and well tested.</li>
<li>Contribute to the department through tooling, automation, and best practices.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>What you should bring</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>6+ years of professional full-stack software engineering experience developing maintainable and scalable systems and software architectures.</li>
<li>BS or MS in computer science or a related field.</li>
<li>Proficiency with Python.</li>
<li>Expertise with NoSQL databases (MongoDB, DocumentDB, Elasticsearch).</li>
<li>Experience maintaining or contributing to open source projects (or the passion to start!).</li>
<li>Ability to work in a remote-first, collaborative environment.</li>
<li>Experience with Typescript is an asset.</li>
</ul>
<p>The cash compensation for this person is in the $180K - $220K range. In addition to base comp for this role, we offer equity in the form of options, a variety of benefits, and the opportunity to grow in an exciting and collaborative environment.</p>