<div class="content-intro"><p><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif; font-size: 12pt;">Airbnb was born in 2007 when two hosts welcomed three guests to their San Francisco home, and has since grown to over 5 million hosts who have welcomed over 2 billion guest arrivals in almost every country across the globe. Every day, hosts offer unique stays and experiences that make it possible for guests to connect with communities in a more authentic way.</span></p></div><p><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; color: #000000;"><strong>The Community You Will Join:</strong></span></p>
<p class="p1">The Compliance Manager role reports into the Chief Compliance Officer of Airbnb.&nbsp;Payments Luxembourg S.A. (APL). The EEA Compliance team protects and supports the&nbsp;growth of Airbnb’s community by ensuring safe payments and robust controls against&nbsp;financial crime, while balancing regulatory risks with Airbnb’s business strategy. Our team&nbsp;ensures APL’s ongoing compliance with regulations related to payment services, Host fund&nbsp;protection, governance, and oversight of supporting Airbnb group functions. We collaborate&nbsp;closely with key external stakeholders including the CSSF and FIU in Luxembourg.</p>
<p><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; color: #000000;"><strong>The Difference You will Make:</strong></span></p>
<p class="p1">This role requires candidates to be based in Luxembourg City. This role is not eligible for&nbsp;relocation support.&nbsp;As a Compliance Manager, you will act as a liaison with the Airbnb Payments global team&nbsp;on policy, program updates, strategy and ad-hoc projects within these areas. You will also&nbsp;oversee the APL policies and necessary updates required by law and business changes.</p>
<p><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; color: #000000;"><strong>A Typical Day:&nbsp;</strong></span></p>
<ul>
<li class="p2">Lead the identification and interpretation of regulatory changes affecting APL, driving&nbsp;comprehensive impact assessments. Oversee collaboration with Legal and Productteams to proactively ensure timely implementation of necessary changes across thebusiness.</li>
<li class="p2">Oversee the preparation and delivery of high-quality regulatory and compliance&nbsp;reports for Board and Management, providing insights and recommendations for&nbsp;decision-making.</li>
<li class="p2">Own and enhance the APL policy portfolio and regulatory filings diary, ensuring policy&nbsp;updates consistently reflect evolving regulatory and business requirements. Oversee&nbsp;timely and accurate regulatory submissions.</li>
<li class="p2">Lead the ongoing maintenance, review, and improvement of internal control&nbsp;procedures. Initiate, draft, and drive strategic enhancements to strengthen the&nbsp;compliance framework.</li>
<li class="p2">Serve as the primary escalation point for internal and external audit requests &amp;&nbsp;control testing. Oversee timely follow-up and resolution of audit findings, ensuring&nbsp;registers and frameworks are up to date.</li>
<li class="p2">Provide expert oversight of sanction-related investigations, managing true sanction&nbsp;hits and ensuring effective reporting to authorities.</li>
<li class="p2">Ensure the accurate drafting and timely submission of reports to the FIU and other&nbsp;competent authorities. Oversee comprehensive responses to regulatory inquiries and&nbsp;requests.</li>
<li class="p2">Direct the periodic review and monitoring of transaction monitoring processes,&nbsp;filings, and related controls. Champion process enhancements and risk mitigation&nbsp;strategies.</li>
<li class="p2">Lead complex gap analyses on regulatory requirements, providing strategic guidance&nbsp;to address identified gaps.</li>
<li class="p2">Act as a key compliance leader, working closely with colleagues, stakeholders, and&nbsp;partner sites to ensure consistency and best practices across jurisdictions.</li>
<li class="p2">Collaborate with Compliance Operations teams globally to ensure a harmonized and&nbsp;robust approach to compliance and risk management.</li>
</ul>
<p><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; color: #000000;"><strong>Your Expertise:</strong></span></p>
<ul>
<li class="p2">Experience working with global payments platforms</li>
<li class="p2">Deep knowledge of Luxembourg financial sector regulatory bodies (CSSF, FIU,&nbsp;Ministry of Finance); able to engage confidently at senior levels.</li>
<li class="p2">Demonstrated expertise in EU AML and CTF frameworks, with the ability to drive and&nbsp;embed best practices across the organization.</li>
<li class="p2">Minimum 5 years working experience in financial services, at least 3 of which have&nbsp;been in a similar role</li>
<li class="p2">Fluency in English (essential) &amp; one other European language (preferred)</li>
</ul>
<p><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; color: #000000;"><strong>Our Commitment To Inclusion &amp; Belonging:</strong></span></p>
<p><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; color: #000000;">Airbnb is committed to working with the broadest talent pool possible. We believe diverse ideas foster innovation and engagement, and allow us to attract creatively-led people, and to develop the best products, services and solutions. All qualified individuals are encouraged to apply.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; color: #000000;"><strong>Business Rationale:</strong></span></p>
<p class="p1">● Growth in Regulatory Demands:</p>
<p class="p1">○&nbsp;Financial regulations are evolving rapidly, especially in payments (i.e. PSD3) and&nbsp;AML/CTF (i.e. AMLR). A senior role ensures proactive strategic oversight, not&nbsp;just operational compliance.</p>
<p class="p1">●&nbsp;Complex Stakeholder Management:</p>
<p class="p1">○&nbsp;More mature organizations require compliance leaders who can align Legal,&nbsp;Product, Operations, and partner sites globally.</p>
<p class="p1">●&nbsp;Driving Change:</p>
<p class="p1">○&nbsp;Regulatory changes require not just identification but leadership in&nbsp;implementation across functions.</p><div class="content-pay-transparency"><div class="pay-input"><div class="description"><p><span style="font-size: 16px;"><strong><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; color: rgb(0, 0, 0);">How We'll Take Care of You:</span></strong></span></p>
<p><span style="font-size: 16px;">Our job titles may span more than one career level. The actual base pay is dependent upon many factors, such as: training, transferable skills, work experience, business needs and market demands. The base pay range shown below is annualized, is subject to change and may be modified in the future. This role may also be eligible for bonus, equity, benefits, and Employee Travel Credits.</span></p></div><div class="title">Luxembourg Annual Pay Range</div><div class="pay-range"><span>€70.000</span><span class="divider">&mdash;</span><span>€85.000 EUR</span></div></div></div>