<p><strong>Location:&nbsp;Amsterdam&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p><strong>This is Adyen</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Adyen provides payments, data, and financial products in a single solution for customers like Meta, Uber, H&amp;M, and Microsoft - making us the financial technology platform of choice. At Adyen, everything we do is engineered for ambition.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">For our teams, we create an environment with opportunities for our people to succeed, backed by the culture and support to ensure they are enabled to truly own their careers. We are motivated individuals who tackle unique technical challenges at scale and solve them as a team. Together, we deliver innovative and ethical solutions that help businesses achieve their ambitions faster.</span></p>
<p><strong>Senior Manager, Commercial Strategy - Payment Performance</strong></p>
<p>As a Senior Manager, Commercial Strategy - Payment Performance you will own the end-to-end commercialization of “Payment Performance” (e.g. <a href="https://www.adyen.com/uplift">Adyen Uplift</a>), as part of the global product offering for global enterprise customers. The Enterprise Offering team sits in the <em>Global Commercial Strategy </em>team, and operates at the intersection of Product and Commercial, allowing you to be the connective tissue between the two. You will partner closely with the Head of Enterprise Offering to advocate for the product needs of your customer segment, inputs being the strong voice of customers from Vertical teams supported by your firsthand customer meetings and Commercial team feedback. Product adoption for your area of ownership is your top priority through the right value stories and GTM execution at the regional level.</p>
<p><strong>What you will do</strong></p>
<p><strong> Offering Commercialization</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Strategic Packaging: You will create and evolve Adyen’s Enterprise Offering, ensuring it is scalable across verticals and regions.</li>
<li>Bundling &amp; Narrative: You will own the commercial value proposition, product bundling, on a highest level “what” we sell and "why".</li>
<li>Future-Proofing: You are expected to anticipate future customer and commercial needs and evolve your offering area in line with broader strategy, market and regulatory shifts</li>
<li>Readiness: You will ensure the offering / products meet the specific "readiness levels" and customers’ expectations required for target verticals before scaling.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong> Customer Insights &amp; Product Prioritization&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Customer Centricity: build direct customer relationships. Speaking to customers is a top priority for you to inform your strategies and help land meaningful business. You will need to support Verticals’ point of view with feedback you get directly from customers and from Sales and AMs.</li>
<li>Voice of the Customer in Product Prioritization: translate insights from Vertical teams - supported by your direct customer interactions and Commercial team feedback - to provide a clear voice of customer to the Product and Engineering organisation.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Pattern Recognition: You will identify cross-market and cross-vertical patterns in customer feedback and convert them into clear, data-driven product recommendations.</li>
<li>Customer and Revenue impact: You will have ongoing partnership with Product Leadership to inform roadmap decisions, advocating for development that drives adoption and value creation across the customer portfolio.</li>
<li>Innovation Engine: as needed, you will use the voice of the customer to incubate early ideas, validate it in the market in partnership with Verticals, and conduct discovery to develop requirements and insight on the opportunity.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong> Go-to-Market (GTM) &amp; Commercial Enablement</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>You will support product deep dives / vision selling with customers as needed.</li>
<li>GTM Execution: You will partner with Commercial leads to execute the Go-to-Market strategy for your offering, ensuring a strong feedback loop.</li>
<li>Global Enablement: You will collaborate closely with Product Marketing, Commercial Academy and the Business Performance team on the creation of necessary enablement for commercial teams.</li>
<li>Vertical Alignment: You will maintain a close partnership with the Vertical teams to ensure systematic cross-vertical insights, aligning your GTM execution with specific industry needs.</li>
<li>Adoption Accountability: You are ultimately responsible for the adoption of your offering area, ensuring regional and Vertical teams have a clear and compelling solution to bring to market.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Who You Are</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>7+ experience in enterprise payments, product and / or strategy and are comfortable owning the commercial success of a specific product area</li>
<li>Customer success is your north star. You thrive on customer interactions and every action you take is in service of meeting customer needs</li>
<li>Experience and passion for GTM strategy &amp; execution; results-oriented</li>
<li>You thrive at the intersection of Product and Commercial, able to translate technical capabilities into clear customer value</li>
<li>You are a structured thinker who can take fragmented feedback from various verticals and regions and synthesize it into clear, actionable input for Solution teams.</li>
<li>You are adept at influencing decisions and driving alignment cross-functionally without necessarily having direct authority</li>
<li>You possess strong skills in creating commercial narratives that simplify complex topics.</li>
<li>Ability to navigate ambiguity and thrive in a fast-paced environment</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Our Diversity, Equity and Inclusion commitments&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Our unique approach is a product of our diverse perspectives. This diversity of backgrounds and cultures is essential in helping us maintain our momentum. Our business and technical challenges are unique, and we need as many different voices as possible to join us in solving them - voices like yours. No matter who you are or where you’re from, we welcome you to be your true self at Adyen.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Studies show that women and members of underrepresented communities apply for jobs only if they meet 100% of the qualifications. Does this sound like you? If so, Adyen encourages you to reconsider and apply. We look forward to your application!</span></p>
<p><strong>What’s next?</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Ensuring a smooth and enjoyable candidate experience is critical for us. We aim to get back to you regarding your application within 5 business days. Our interview process tends to take about 4 weeks to complete, but may fluctuate depending on the role. </span><a href="https://careers.adyen.com/how-we-hire"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Learn more about our hiring process here</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">. Don’t be afraid to let us know if you need more flexibility.</span></p>
<p>This role is based out of our Amsterdam office. We are an office-first company and value in-person collaboration; we do not offer remote-only roles.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>