<div class="content-intro"><h2><span data-sheets-root="1">About Wolt</span></h2>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">At Wolt, we create technology that brings joy, simplicity and earnings to the neighborhoods of the world. In 2014 we started with delivery of restaurant food. Now we’re building the delivery of (almost) everything and you’ll find us in over 500 cities in 30 countries around the world. In 2022 we joined forces with DoorDash and together we keep on dreaming big and expanding across the globe.<br><br>Working at Wolt isn’t always easy, but it’s definitely exciting. Here you’ll learn more, build more, and ship more than in most other companies. You’ll be challenged a lot, but also have a lot of fun on the way. So, if you’re a self-starter with drive and entrepreneurial spirit, this could be the ride of your life.</span></p></div><p><em>Are you a &nbsp;team player with great communication skills? Do you enjoy working in a dynamic environment? If your answer is yes -&nbsp;then read further!&nbsp;</em><strong>🤩</strong></p>
<p>We are looking for both full-time and part-time Support Associates to join our Support team in&nbsp;Astana!</p>
<h2><strong>What you'll be doing</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Supporting our customers, courier partners and venues via live chat and phone&nbsp;</li>
<li>Ensuring that the delivery operations run smoothly</li>
<li>Developing our support function together with the support team as well as other teams within Wolt</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Our humble expectations</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>You have great communication skills with a personal touch, and a customer-obsessed and team-oriented mindset</li>
<li>You are a fast learner, you have no problem with multitasking, and you are ready to work in a fast-paced environment</li>
<li>You can work in shifts in mornings, evenings and weekends - our support is open seven days a week</li>
<li>You are able to work directly from the office</li>
<li>You are fluent in Kazakh and Russian and you are able to work in English</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>What you’ll get by joining us</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Private medical insurance coverage</li>
<li>Wolt credits cashback benefit</li>
<li>Employee assistance program</li>
<li>Wolt-wide training programs</li>
<li>Strengthen paid sick leave</li>
<li>Paid taxi from from 10PM to 6AM</li>
<li>Yearly team budgets</li>
<li>Fruits and drinks at the office</li>
</ul>
<h2>Next steps</h2>
<p>All our Support Associates work directly from our office, and we do not provide a possibility to work from home.&nbsp;&nbsp;</p>
<p>Our onboarding is scheduled for 13-22 o’clock for the first week, and we require that you're able to attend the onboarding fully during that time. After the onboarding you can choose your own convenient work schedule.</p>
<p>If you are excited about working in a high-growth environment, taking ownership, and being part of an extremely ambitious team, then click below to apply and get the conversation going! We will be reviewing applications on an on-going basis, so send through your application along with your CV as soon as possible! 💙</p>
<p><iframe src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/dob25eOXkyA" width="560" height="314"></iframe></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p><div class="content-conclusion"><h2><span data-sheets-root="1">Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion</span></h2>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">We’re committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. That’s why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.</span></p></div>