<p><strong>This is Adyen</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Adyen provides payments, data, and financial products in a single solution for customers like Meta, Uber, H&amp;M, and Microsoft - making us the financial technology platform of choice. At Adyen, everything we do is engineered for ambition.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">For our teams, we create an environment with opportunities for our people to succeed, backed by the culture and support to ensure they are enabled to truly own their careers. We are motivated individuals who tackle unique technical challenges at scale and solve them as a team. Together, we deliver innovative and ethical solutions that help businesses achieve their ambitions faster.</span></p>
<p><strong>Why you should join the Adyen Account Management Team</strong></p>
<p>At Adyen, the Account Management team is critical to the growth and success of our business, as well as expanding the Adyen brand across the globe. Being part of our Account Management team, you’ll manage relationships with innovative international merchants, covering multiple industries and channels. You’ll have the opportunity to work on cross-functional initiatives and projects in a fast-paced, highly entrepreneurial environment with high autonomy. You’ll become an expert in the global payments landscape and level up your skills through our AM Academy.</p>
<p>Sounds exciting? Keep reading!</p>
<p><strong>Account Manager</strong></p>
<p>We are looking for a proactive and adaptable Account Manager to join our team in Warsaw. The ideal&nbsp; candidate is a strategic thinker with a hands-on mentality; someone who is eager to help the world’s biggest brands grow, and can apply this mindset to help Adyen scale. You are excited to work with a global, multicultural team in a collaborative manner and are a keen problem solver. Your focus will be on delivering an outstanding&nbsp; customer experience, finding and delivering on new opportunities, and driving mutual success for Adyen and our&nbsp; customers.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Our Account Managers are encouraged to challenge each other and sharpen ideas as a team, because&nbsp; winning is more important than ego. In this role, you’ll get your energy from working on a wide portfolio of&nbsp; accounts across a variety of verticals. You’ll work alongside a group of talented and driven Account Managers, and together, you’ll develop customer relationships and drive commercial growth for your accounts.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>What You’ll Do:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Collaboration: As an Account Manager, you will work closely with your team and collaborate on many different accounts, as well as working individually with your own strategic merchants;</li>
<li>Relationship management: Build trust and long-term partnerships with merchants to reduce churn and maximize account value;</li>
<li>Commercial acumen: Proactively spot growth opportunities and drive commercial discussions with our merchants, to help grow their accounts and meet financial targets;</li>
<li>Project management: Prioritize and manage short and long term projects with varying timelines&nbsp; across multiple accounts, leveraging internal support teams where relevant;</li>
<li>Feedback: Act as a voice of the customer within the business, providing feedback that helps improve both product and merchant experience;</li>
<li>Independently manage and prioritise tasks to meet project deadlines with minimal supervision, while proactively identifying and resolving issues to ensure smooth workflow and consistent delivery of high-quality results.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Who You Are: </strong><strong><br></strong></p>
<ul>
<li><span style="font-weight: 400;">You have 2+ years of experience in a client-facing and commercial role, either on the merchant side or in complex enterprise software, technical infrastructure, or financial services;Enjoy engaging with others and developing strong working relationships internally and externally with&nbsp; customers;</span></li>
<li>You're a self-starter with a curious mindset. You challenge yourself to go beyond the obvious and use your knowledge to drive customer growth;</li>
<li>Motivated by team commercial targets, with a proven track record of finding, driving and delivering growth within an existing portfolio;</li>
<li>You have experience in presenting, negotiating, and structuring complex pricing models;</li>
<li>You’re highly organized, with excellent time management skills and a constant drive to improve team efficiency;</li>
<li>You have full professional written and verbal proficiency in English and Polish</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Our Diversity, Equity and Inclusion commitments&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Our unique approach is a product of our diverse perspectives. This diversity of backgrounds and cultures is essential in helping us maintain our momentum. Our business and technical challenges are unique, and we need as many different voices as possible to join us in solving them - voices like yours. No matter who you are or where you’re from, we welcome you to be your true self at Adyen.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Studies show that women and members of underrepresented communities apply for jobs only if they meet 100% of the qualifications. Does this sound like you? If so, Adyen encourages you to reconsider and apply. We look forward to your application!</span></p>
<p><strong>What’s next?</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Ensuring a smooth and enjoyable candidate experience is critical for us. We aim to get back to you regarding your application within 5 business days. Our interview process tends to take about 4 weeks to complete, but may fluctuate depending on the role. </span><a href="https://careers.adyen.com/how-we-hire"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Learn more about our hiring process here</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">. Don’t be afraid to let us know if you need more flexibility.</span></p>
<p>This role is based out of our Warsaw office. We are an office-first company and value in-person collaboration; we do not offer remote-only roles.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>