<p>MongoDB is building a world-class team in North America to create tooling that helps customers migrate their data from legacy relational databases to MongoDB in real-time. As companies modernise their application and data ecosystems, they are increasingly drawn to the flexibility and scalability of the document model.&nbsp; The tools developed by the Data Migration team are critical in this journey, helping customers with schema modeling, initial data loads, and continuous data synchronization.</p>
<p>We are looking for an experienced Staff Engineer with experience in the Java ecosystem, streaming systems, and data-intensive applications to join our team. We are building a sophisticated data migration suite using a modern technology stack, which includes Java, Spring Boot, Kafka, Debezium, and React. A successful candidate will be a key contributor to our backend services, collaborating closely with product management and other engineers to design and implement cutting-edge products that solve complex customer challenges.</p>
<p>We are looking to speak with candidates based in California, Oregon, or Washington for our hybrid or remote working models.</p>
<h3>The ideal candidate for this role will have</h3>
<ul>
<li>8+ years of commercial software development experience with at least one JVM language such as Java, preferably using the Spring ecosystem</li>
<li>Extensive experience with streaming data platforms such as Apache Kafka and Change Data Capture (CDC) tools like Debezium</li>
<li>Extensive experience with relational data modeling and hands-on experience with at least one SQL database (Postgres, MySQL, etc)</li>
<li>Exposure to client-side technologies such as JavaScript and React is a plus</li>
<li>Empower the engineering team with unparalleled thought leadership on emerging technologies and best practices</li>
<li>Proactively engage with product leaders and senior management to align technical solutions with overarching business strategies</li>
<li>Mentor and guide junior and senior engineers on best practices in data structures, algorithms, and database design</li>
<li>Participate in code reviews, design discussions, and contribute to the overall technical direction and roadmap of the team</li>
<li>Curiosity, a positive attitude, and a drive to continue learning</li>
<li>Excellent verbal and written communication skills</li>
</ul>
<h3>Position Expectations</h3>
<ul>
<li>Architectural Leadership: Drive the architectural vision and technical strategy for the data migration engine and its surrounding ecosystem. Contribute core, foundational code that solves the hardest scalability problems and sets the standard for the rest of the team</li>
<li>Strategic Partnership: Partner closely with Engineering Leadership, Product Management, and Design to shape the technical roadmap. Anticipate future business needs and translate them into scalable, long-term technical initiatives</li>
<li>Engineering Excellence &amp; Mentorship: Define and champion engineering best practices, patterns, and standards across multiple teams. Actively mentor Senior and Mid-level engineers, cultivating a culture of technical excellence and continuous learning</li>
</ul>
<h3>Success Measures</h3>
<p>Within the first three months, you will have</p>
<ul>
<li>Familiarized yourself with the MongoDB database and aggregation language</li>
<li>Familiarized yourself with the problem space and the domain</li>
<li>Set up software development infrastructure (tech stack, build tools, etc) to enable development using the relevant tech stacks</li>
<li>Started collaborating with your peers and contributed to code reviews</li>
</ul>
<p>Within six months, you will have</p>
<ul>
<li>Worked on and delivered a large-scale code analysis feature in the product</li>
<li>Contributed to and helped deliver a few releases of the product</li>
<li>Reviewed and contributed to scope and technical design documents</li>
</ul>
<p>Within twelve months, you will have</p>
<ul>
<li>Delivered large-scale features across our entire tech stack</li>
<li>Helped recruit, interview and mentor new members of the team</li>
<li>Collaborated with other teams at MongoDB</li>
</ul>
<h3>About MongoDB</h3>
<p>MongoDB is built for change, empowering our customers and our people to innovate at the speed of the market. We have redefined the database for the AI era, enabling innovators to create, transform, and disrupt industries with software. MongoDB’s unified database platform, the most widely available, globally distributed database on the market, helps organizations modernize legacy workloads, embrace innovation, and unleash AI. Our cloud-native platform, MongoDB Atlas, is the only globally distributed, multi-cloud database and is available across AWS, Google Cloud, and Microsoft Azure.</p>
<p>With offices worldwide and over 60,000 customers, including 75% of the Fortune 100 and AI-native startups, relying on MongoDB for their most important applications, we’re powering the next era of software.</p>
<p>Our compass at MongoDB is our <a href="https://www.mongodb.com/company">Leadership Commitment,</a> guiding how and why we make decisions, show up for each other, and win. It’s what makes us MongoDB.&nbsp;</p>
<p>To drive the personal growth and business impact of our employees, we’re committed to developing a supportive and enriching culture for everyone. <a href="https://www.mongodb.com/company/blog/culture/employee-benefits-that-make-a-difference-at-mongodb">From employee affinity groups, to fertility assistance and a generous parental leave policy</a>, we value our employees’ wellbeing and want to support them along every step of their professional and personal journeys.<a href="https://www.mongodb.com/blog/channel/culture"> Learn more about what it’s like to work at MongoDB</a>, and help us make an impact on the world!</p>
<p>MongoDB is committed to providing any necessary accommodations for individuals with disabilities within our application and interview process. To request an accommodation due to a disability, please inform your recruiter.</p>
<p>MongoDB, Inc. provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any type and makes all hiring decisions without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws.</p>
<p>Req ID: 4263333172</p><div class="content-pay-transparency"><div class="pay-input"><div class="description"><p>MongoDB’s base salary range for this role is posted below. Compensation at the time of offer is unique to each candidate and based on a variety of factors such as skill set, experience, qualifications, and work location. Salary is one part of MongoDB’s total compensation and benefits package. Other benefits for eligible employees may include: equity, participation in the employee stock purchase program, flexible paid time off, 20 weeks fully-paid gender-neutral parental leave, fertility and adoption assistance, 401(k) plan, mental health counseling, access to transgender-inclusive health insurance coverage, and health benefits offerings. Please note, the base salary range listed below and the benefits in this paragraph are only applicable to U.S.-based candidates.</p></div><div class="title">MongoDB’s base salary range for this role in the U.S. is:</div><div class="pay-range"><span>$173,000</span><span class="divider">&mdash;</span><span>$297,000 USD</span></div></div></div>