<div class="content-intro"><p>GitLab is the intelligent orchestration platform for DevSecOps. GitLab enables organizations to increase developer productivity, improve operational efficiency, reduce security and compliance risk, and accelerate digital transformation. More than 50 million registered users and more than 50% of the Fortune 100\* trust GitLab to ship better, more secure software faster.</p>
<p>The same principles built into our products are reflected in how our team works: we embrace AI as a core productivity multiplier, with all team members expected to incorporate AI into their daily workflows to drive efficiency, innovation, and impact. GitLab is where careers accelerate, innovation flourishes, and every voice is valued. Our high-performance culture is driven by our <a href="https://handbook.gitlab.com/handbook/values/">values</a> and continuous knowledge exchange, enabling our team members to reach their full potential while collaborating with industry leaders to solve complex problems. <a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OuZIb5zszQI">Co-create the future with us</a> as we build technology that transforms how the world develops software.</p>
<p>\*<em>Fortune 500® is a registered trademark of Fortune Media IP Limited, used under license. Claim based on GitLab data. Fortune 100 refers to the top 20% ranked companies in the 2025 Fortune 500 list, published in June 2025. Fortune and Fortune Media IP Limited are not affiliated with, and do not endorse products or services of GitLab.</em></p></div><p>Professional Services Engineers engage with customers to provide installation, migration, training, and advisory services. They handle installations ranging from single-node Omnibus installs, to our largest reference architectures utilizing IaC/CaC, migrations from multiple systems to GitLab SaaS or self-hosted, and advisory services across the entire GitLab feature stack.</p>
<p>Professional Services Engineers are expected to be able to interface not only with the customer, but with our GitLab Product/Engineering teams, to find the best route for customer success, and to help drive improvements into GitLab features and processes.</p>
<div>
<h2>What you'll do</h2>
<ul>
<li>Uses a consultative approach to customer engagements</li>
<li>Does not focus on just “doing the work”</li>
<li>Looks for opportunities to help the customer achieve their vision more effectively and efficiently</li>
<li>Delivers on SOW with guidance from technical architects
<ul>
<li>SOW scope may include:
<ul>
<li>Installation and configuration of GitLab solutions in the customer environment</li>
<li>Provide technical training sessions remotely and/or on-site</li>
<li>Provide documentation for implementation, guides, maintenance, etc relevant to the customer requirements.</li>
<li>Manage creation of new and/or maintenance of existing artifacts and templates for deliverables and training</li>
<li>Develop and implement migration plans for customer VCS &amp; data migration</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Contributes to the extension and maintenance of documentation/scripts for implementation and workflow to align with custom requirements</li>
<li>Documents opportunities to help the customer achieve their vision more effectively and efficiently</li>
<li>Communicate opportunities to the customer project and account team</li>
<li>Supports engagement managers on quoting and scoping of SOWs</li>
<li>Document and implement improvements for Professional Services engagement processes</li>
</ul>
<h2>What you'll bring</h2>
<ul>
<li>Professional exposure with one or more IaC/CaC technologies:
<ul>
<li>Terraform</li>
<li>Ansible</li>
<li>Packer</li>
<li>Puppet</li>
<li>Chef</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Professional exposure with one or more cloud providers:
<ul>
<li>AWS</li>
<li>GCP</li>
<li>Azure</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Proficienct in the English language, both written and verbal, sufficient for success in a remote and largely asynchronous work environment</li>
<li>Experience using, deploying, or configuring GitLab</li>
<li>Comfortable working in a fast-paced environment, sometimes with multiple customer engagements at once</li>
<li>Positive disposition and solution-oriented mindset</li>
<li>Effective communication skills:&nbsp;<a href="https://handbook.gitlab.com/handbook/values/#collaboration">Regularly achieve consensus with peers</a>, and provide clear status updates</li>
<li><a href="https://handbook.gitlab.com/handbook/values/#efficiency">Self-motivated and self-managing</a>, with strong organizational skills</li>
<li>Shares GitLab<a href="https://handbook.gitlab.com/handbook/values/">values</a>, and work in accordance with those values</li>
<li>Ability to thrive in a fully remote organization</li>
<li>~20% travel may be required</li>
</ul>
</div>
<div><span style="font-size: xx-small;"><span style="color: white;">Remote-Global</span></span></div><div class="content-conclusion"><h4><strong>How GitLab Supports Full-Time Employees</strong></h4>
<ul>
<li><a href="https://about.gitlab.com/handbook/total-rewards/benefits/general-and-entity-benefits/">Benefits to support your health, finances, and well-being</a></li>
<li><a href="https://handbook.gitlab.com/handbook/people-group/paid-time-off/">Flexible Paid Time Off</a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="https://about.gitlab.com/company/culture/inclusion/erg-guide/#:~:text=Definition%20of%20the%20TMRG%20%2D%20Team%20Member%20Resource%20Groups,-TMRGs%20are%20voluntary&amp;text=The%20purpose%20for%20this%20type,developing%20the%20sense%20of%20belonging.">Team Member Resource Groups</a></li>
<li><a href="https://handbook.gitlab.com/handbook/total-rewards/stock-options/">Equity Compensation &amp; Employee Stock Purchase Plan</a></li>
<li><a href="https://handbook.gitlab.com/handbook/people-group/learning-and-development/growth-and-development/">Growth and Development Fund</a></li>
<li><a href="https://about.gitlab.com/handbook/total-rewards/benefits/general-and-entity-benefits/#parental-leave">Parental leave</a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="https://handbook.gitlab.com/handbook/finance/expenses/#equipment">Home office</a> support</li>
</ul>
<p>Please note that we welcome interest from candidates with varying levels of experience; many successful candidates do not meet every single requirement. Additionally, studies have shown that people from <a href="https://about.gitlab.com/company/culture/inclusion/#examples-of-select-underrepresented-groups">underrepresented groups</a> are less likely to apply to a job unless they meet every single qualification. If you're excited about this role, please apply and allow our recruiters to assess your application.</p>
<hr>
<p><strong>Country Hiring Guidelines: </strong>GitLab hires new team members in countries around the world. All of our roles are remote, however some roles may carry specific location-based eligibility requirements. Our Talent Acquisition team can help answer any questions about location after starting the recruiting process.&nbsp;&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Privacy Policy: </strong>Please review our <a href="https://handbook.gitlab.com/handbook/hiring/candidate-faq/recruitment-privacy-policy/" target="\_blank">Recruitment Privacy Policy.</a> Your privacy is important to us.</p>
<p>GitLab is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. GitLab’s policies and practices relating to recruitment, employment, career development and advancement, promotion, and retirement are based solely on merit, regardless of race, color, religion, ancestry, sex (including pregnancy, lactation, sexual orientation, gender identity, or gender expression), national origin, age, citizenship, marital status, mental or physical disability, genetic information (including family medical history), discharge status from the military, protected veteran status (which includes disabled veterans, recently separated veterans, active duty wartime or campaign badge veterans, and Armed Forces service medal veterans), or any other basis protected by law. GitLab will not tolerate discrimination or harassment based on any of these characteristics. See also&nbsp;<a href="https://about.gitlab.com/handbook/people-policies/inc-usa/#equal-employment-opportunity-policy" target="\_blank">GitLab’s EEO Policy</a>&nbsp;and&nbsp;<a href="https://about.gitlab.com/handbook/labor-and-employment-notices/#eeoc-us-equal-employment-opportunity-commission-notices" target="\_blank">EEO is the Law</a>. If you have a disability or special need that requires&nbsp;<a href="https://about.gitlab.com/handbook/people-policies/inc-usa/#reasonable-accommodation" target="\_blank">accommodation</a>, please let us know during the&nbsp;<a href="https://about.gitlab.com/handbook/hiring/interviewing/#adjustments-to-our-interview-process" target="\_blank">recruiting process</a>.</p></div>