<div class="content-intro"><p><span class="TextRun SCXW43607789 BCX0" lang="EN-US" data-contrast="auto"><span class="NormalTextRun SpellingErrorV2Themed SCXW43607789 BCX0">Sourceability</span><span class="NormalTextRun SCXW43607789 BCX0">® is a global digital distributor of electronic components transforming how modern businesses bring products to market. With </span><span class="NormalTextRun SCXW43607789 BCX0">innovation, </span><span class="NormalTextRun SCXW43607789 BCX0">quality</span><span class="NormalTextRun SCXW43607789 BCX0"> and</span> <span class="NormalTextRun SCXW43607789 BCX0">logistics</span><span class="NormalTextRun SCXW43607789 BCX0"> as the backbone of the company, </span><span class="NormalTextRun SpellingErrorV2Themed SCXW43607789 BCX0">Sourceability’s</span> <span class="NormalTextRun SCXW43607789 BCX0">cutting-edge</span><span class="NormalTextRun SCXW43607789 BCX0"> products and services </span><span class="NormalTextRun SCXW43607789 BCX0">expedite</span><span class="NormalTextRun SCXW43607789 BCX0"> the procurement process across a wide range of industries, including communications/cellular, consumer electronics, and auto manufacturing.</span></span><span class="EOP SCXW43607789 BCX0" data-ccp-props="{&quot;201341983&quot;:0,&quot;335559739&quot;:160,&quot;335559740&quot;:259}">&nbsp;</span></p></div><p><strong>Key Duties and Responsibilities:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>To perform unaided and microscopic visual inspections on various electronic devices/components.</li>
<li>Manual dexterity and hand-eye coordination needed to inspect components.</li>
<li>Prepare reports and quality records in compliance with procedures.</li>
<li>Coordinate areas of QC work with other department’s work, i.e., receiving, shipping and purchasing.</li>
<li>Perform receipt inspections of material for work area in conjunction with receiving staff.</li>
<li>Report as necessary on changes in quality standards (internal and external).</li>
<li>Utilize measuring and test equipment, as required to ensure accuracy.</li>
<li>Provided support for other warehouse duties as needed.</li>
<li>Any other ad-hoc job duties assigned by immediate supervisor/manager.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Key Requirements:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Minimum diploma certification.</li>
<li>Minimum of one year of related experience in quality control. <strong>Fresh graduates</strong> with relevant academic background, training, or internship experience are welcome to apply.</li>
<li>Knowledge of QC standards, procedures, and processes.</li>
<li>Strong interpersonal and communication skills, with a willingness to learn and collaborate across teams.</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong><span data-contrast="auto">EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER.</span></strong><span data-ccp-props="{&quot;201341983&quot;:0,&quot;335559739&quot;:160,&quot;335559740&quot;:259}">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">It is our policy to abide by all federal, state and local laws prohibiting employment discrimination based on a person’s race, color, religious creed, sex, national origin, ancestry, citizenship status, pregnancy, childbirth, physical disability, mental and/or intellectual disability, age, military status, veteran status (including protected veterans), marital status, registered domestic partner or civil union status, familial status, gender (including sex stereotyping and gender identity or expression), medical condition (including, but not limited to, cancer related or HIV/AIDS related), genetic information, sexual orientation, or any other protected status.</span><span data-ccp-props="{&quot;201341983&quot;:0,&quot;335559739&quot;:160,&quot;335559740&quot;:259}">&nbsp;</span></p></div>