<p><strong>Protecting and building a future shaped by original ideas, innovations, and creativity.</strong></p>
<p>From counterfeits and pirated content to fraudulent sites and unauthorized sellers, MarqVision provides an end-to-end brand integrity platform across e-commerce, social media and emerging AI platforms. Our AI-powered managed service platform for brand control and intelligence enables rapid, scalable enforcement so that brands can move faster, protect revenue, and preserve brand equity across every digital touchpoint. In a time when IP infringements pose an increasingly serious challenge, we believe that democratizing legal expertise and access to the latest in generative AI technology is critical for continuing to support the inventors, developers, and artists of the world who work tirelessly to deliver safe, high-quality products.&nbsp;Founded by Harvard Law graduates in 2020, MarqVision recently raised Series B, bringing total funding to $89M, and is backed by Y Combinator, Peak XV (formerly Sequoia Capital India), HSG (formerly Sequoia Capital China), Salesforce Ventures, Altos Ventures, DST Global Partners, and Softbank. Recognized with an LVMH Innovation Award and the Inc 5000 Fastest Growing Companies award in 2025, MarqVision continues to push boundaries in brand control, ensuring that innovation, creativity, and trust remain safeguarded in a rapidly evolving digital world.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>How&nbsp;You'll&nbsp;Make&nbsp;an&nbsp;Impact&nbsp;at&nbsp;MarqVision</strong></p>
<p>The Partnerships Team has the mission to maximize the value of MarqVision’s brand protection services and build thought leadership in the industry through global relationship management with online platforms, industry associations and law enforcement.</p>
<p>MarqVision is looking for a Partnership Manager in Korea to join our Partnership Team. In this role, you will report to the Director of Partnerships and be responsible for addressing enforcement challenges and leveling up the quality of the brand protection services for the company’s customers by establishing, managing, and developing partnerships with online intermediaries, industry associations, private investigators or law enforcement agencies in Korea.</p>
<p>It will provide you with opportunities to</p>
<ul>
<li>Collaborate with innovative and experienced colleagues who have come together to revolutionize the industry with data technology and IP expertise.</li>
<li>Make a tangible business impact at one of the fastest-growing companies.</li>
<li>Develop your expertise in IP/brand protection by proactively solving various IP issues and enforcement challenges for world-leading brands</li>
<li>Work with industry leaders in various organizations in the brand protection industry.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>What You’ll Achieve&nbsp;&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Establish, manage and develop relationships with online intermediaries, industry associations and law enforcement authorities in Korea to address enforcement challenges and expand partnership benefits for our customers.</li>
<li>Serve as a PoC for the company’s troubleshooting process related to anti-counterfeiting matters for Korea.</li>
<li>&nbsp;Work with the Director of Partnerships to develop and implement the company’s partnership strategies for Korea.</li>
<li>Gather and share enforcement best practices for Korea.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p><strong>Skills You’ll Need to Bring&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>3+ years of experience in trust&amp;safety, brand protection/anti-counterfeiting/IP enforcement.</li>
<li>Good understanding of the common challenges shared by brand owners in brand protection as well as experience in working to resolve them.</li>
<li>Excellent communication skills, including the ability to manage discussions, resolve conflicts, and negotiate in sensitive or contentious situations.</li>
<li>Strategic thinker and persistent problem solver.</li>
<li>Great team player adept at cross-functional/cross-team collaborations.</li>
<li>Highly performance-driven professional.</li>
<li>Native Korean Speaker, also full business fluency of English.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Nice to Have</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Work experience in a global company handling different time zones or cultures</li>
<li>Work experience in online brand protection in Korea: e-commerces, ISPs, brand protection service providers, law firms, industry associations, or law enforcement agencies.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Additional Reference</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><a href="https://www.marqvision.com/blog">MarqVision Company Blog</a></li>
<li><a href="https://www.marqvision.com/leadership">Leadership Team&nbsp;&nbsp;</a></li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Be Part of the MarqVision Team</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>전 세계 10여 개국의 팀원들과 함께 글로벌한 임팩트를 만들어갈 수 있습니다.</li>
<li>유연근무제(8~10AM 출근)와 재택근무(주 2일)를 통해 최적의 업무 환경을 선택할 수 있습니다.</li>
<li>입사 시 미국 주식 기반의 스톡옵션을 제공합니다.</li>
<li>구성원들의 건강을 위해 정기 건강검진을 지원합니다.</li>
<li>개인의 성장을 위해 오피스에서 영어 회화 교육을 지원합니다.</li>
<li>오피스 출근 시 점심 식대를, 야근 시 저녁 식대 및 택시비를 지원합니다.</li>
<li>팀 빌딩을 위한 팀 단위 회식비를 지원합니다.</li>
<li>다양한 간식, 음료, 커피, 맥주 등을 제공합니다.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Interview Process</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Please submit all documents as a PDF file</li>
<li>The interview process is as follows:&nbsp;Application Review &gt; Screening Interview &gt; Hiring Manager Interview &gt;&nbsp; Team Interview&nbsp; &gt; Culture Fit Interview &gt; Case Study (optional) &gt; Final Interview</li>
<li>The interview process is subject to change.</li>
<li>This is a full-time position with a 3-month probationary (trial) period</li>
<li>Please ensure that all submitted documents are accurate. Any false information may result in the withdrawal of your acceptance or offer of employment.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Equal Opportunity</strong></p>
<p>At MarqVision, we believe real growth comes with attracting the brightest minds, motivating them to succeed in their position, and ensuring plenty of fun along the way. If you think this position is for you, apply now! MarqVision is an Equal Opportunity Employer and encourages applicants of all backgrounds to apply. We are committed to building a diverse and inclusive workforce that reflects the customers and communities we serve.</p>
<p>By applying for this role, you acknowledge MarqVision’s Global Recruiting Privacy Policy. Your privacy is important to us. Please review our <a href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/1rWdOaSaiZyfYVVP71sQfPd-XnV93oVmFyjP8URCnHJg/edit?tab=t.0">Candidate Privacy Notice</a>.</p>