<p><strong>About the Company</strong></p>
<p>Essential Anesthesia Management strives to create authentic partnerships with various medical and business professionals to deliver the highest quality anesthesia care to both patients and healthcare facilities alike. EAM is a patient and provider first organization that provides high-quality, customized healthcare solutions. EAM boasts highly experienced anesthesia providers that service mainly hospitals, but also outpatient surgery center locations. Our company has experienced, and will continue to experience, rapid growth in the healthcare management industry. We are transitioning to internalizing clinical practice support functions to support this further growth.</p>
<p><strong>General Description:</strong></p>
<p>We are seeking a detail-oriented and analytical <strong>Senior Financial Analyst</strong> to join our finance team. This role is responsible for ensuring accurate and timely customer invoicing, supporting financial analysis, medical professional fee collections analyses, and driving effective accounts receivable management. The ideal candidate will demonstrate strong communication skills, excel in presenting financial insights to internal teams and customers alike, and strong Microsoft Excel skills.</p>
<p>This position offers an exciting opportunity for a motivated professional to contribute meaningfully to our financial reporting, customer engagement, and overall operational success. If you are an analytical thinker with strong communication skills and a passion for driving results, we encourage you to apply.</p>
<p><strong>Key Responsibilities:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Manage excel template to create and deliver accurate monthly customer invoices in accordance with complicated contract terms.</li>
<li>Maintain and update invoice templates to reflect contract amendments and changes.</li>
<li>Research and analyze customer expenses and professional fees collections data to develop detailed support analysis for customer invoices.</li>
<li>Analyze and interpret complex data, providing actionable insights that may vary depending on the data set and contract requirements.&nbsp; Proactively follow up with customers regarding outstanding accounts receivable to ensure timely collections.</li>
<li>Collaborate with internal operations teams to provide insights and resolve invoicing or AR-related inquiries.</li>
<li>Present financial analysis and insights directly to customers in a clear and professional manner.</li>
<li>Assist in identifying process improvements to enhance billing accuracy and efficiency.</li>
<li>Support audit requests and prepare documentation as needed.</li>
<li>Review and verify medical billing data to ensure accuracy and compliance with contracts, amendments, policies, and procedures.</li>
<li>Coordinate with finance and accounting to ensure proper account coding and reconciliation of payments and accounts.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Qualifications:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Bachelor's degree in Finance, Accounting, or Business Administration.</li>
<li>3+ years of experience billing, invoicing, financial analysis, and other revenue analysis functions.</li>
<li>Proficiency in Microsoft Excel with advanced knowledge of formulas, data analysis tools, and financial modeling.</li>
<li>Strong analytical and critical thinking skills with a keen eye for detail.</li>
<li>Excellent verbal and written communication skills, with the ability to present complex financial information to both internal and external stakeholders.</li>
<li>Proven ability to manipulate and analyze large datasets, extracting key insights and presenting clear, actionable summaries to internal leadership and external customers.</li>
<li>Strong understanding of the month-end close accounting cycle, as this role will partner closely with Accounting to ensure accurate financial results.</li>
<li>Ability to manage multiple tasks, prioritize workloads, and meet deadlines in a fast-paced environment.</li>
<li>Experience in healthcare, professional services, or contract-driven industries preferred.</li>
<li>General knowledge of medical billing transactions and billing systems preferred.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><em><span class="TextRun SCXW234030319 BCX8" lang="EN-US" data-contrast="auto"><span class="NormalTextRun SCXW234030319 BCX8">Essential Anesthesia Management</span><span class="NormalTextRun SCXW234030319 BCX8"> is committed to equal opportunity for all, without regard to race, religion, color, national origin, citizenship, sex, age, veteran status, disability, genetic information, or any other protected characteristic</span><span class="NormalTextRun SCXW234030319 BCX8">.&nbsp; </span><span class="NormalTextRun SCXW234030319 BCX8">Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the assigned and essential functions.</span></span><span class="EOP SCXW234030319 BCX8" data-ccp-props="{&quot;201341983&quot;:0,&quot;335559739&quot;:160,&quot;335559740&quot;:240}">&nbsp;</span></em></p></div>