<h2><strong>Who we are</strong></h2>
<div>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">Helsing is a defence AI company. Our mission is to protect our democracies. We aim to achieve technological leadership, so that open societies can continue to make sovereign decisions and control their ethical standards.</span><span data-ccp-props="{">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">As democracies, we believe we have a special responsibility to be thoughtful about the development and deployment of powerful technologies like AI. We take this responsibility seriously.</span><span data-ccp-props="{">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span data-contrast="none">We are an ambitious and committed team of engineers, AI specialists and customer-facing programme managers.<span data-contrast="auto">&nbsp;We are looking for mission-driven people to join our European teams – and apply their skills to solve the most complex and impactful problems. We embrace an open and transparent culture that welcomes healthy debates on the use of technology in defence, its benefits, and its ethical implications.</span><span data-ccp-props="{">&nbsp;</span></span></p>
</div>
<h2><strong>The role</strong></h2>
<div>As a System Integrator, you are responsible for implementing all aspects of systems and technologies within one of Helsing’s programs that will determine the success of the forces. As part of our team, you will directly participate in our collaborations with industry partners, procurement agencies, and military forces. Your work will play a central role in developing complex systems that provide solutions to the challenges of tomorrow's battlefield. This includes, but is not limited to, gaining an in-depth understanding of state-of-the-art systems with a focus on land defense systems.</div>
<h2><strong>The day-to-day</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>
<p>Lead and execute initiatives in hardware and software integration to develop new systems within customer solutions</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Develop and maintain essential test and verification documents, ensuring the highest standards of quality and accuracy</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Offer expertise on the integration of systems within a multidisciplinary environment</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Recommend designs, as well as innovative, scalable, and adaptive systems and solutions</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Advise stakeholders and recommend solutions to complex problems by leveraging expertise in various technologies</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Identify and address system vulnerabilities, driving improvements through professional insight and problem-solving skills</p>
</li>
</ul>
<h2 id="You’ll-do-great-if-you….3" data-renderer-start-pos="15247"><strong>You should apply if you</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>
<p>Have 3 years of experience in the field of system integration or a comparable area</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Hold a completed degree in Telecommunications Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Computer Science, Mechanical Engineering, or a related field</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Possess experience in the domain of defence and/or security-related systems is a plus</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Exhibit strong teamwork skills, resilience, independence, and a high level of self-motivation</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Are proficient in analyzing and resolving problems, addressing weaknesses, and managing dependencies</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p><em data-renderer-mark="true"><em data-stringify-type="italic">Note: We operate in an industry where women, as well as other minority groups, are systematically</em>&nbsp;<em data-stringify-type="italic">under-represented. We encourage you to apply even if you don’t meet all the listed qualifications; ability and impact cannot be summarised in a few bullet points.</em></em></p>
<h2><strong><span data-contrast="auto">Join Helsing and work with world-leading experts in their fields</span><span data-ccp-props="{">&nbsp;</span></strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">Helsing’s work is important. You’ll be directly contributing to the protection of democratic countries while balancing both ethical and geopolitical concerns</span></p>
</li>
<li>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">The work is unique. We operate in a domain that has highly unusual technical requirements and constraints, and where robustness, safety, and ethical considerations are vital. You will face unique Engineering and AI challenges that make a meaningful impact in the world</span></p>
</li>
<li>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">Our work frequently takes us right up to the state of the art in technical innovation, be it reinforcement learning, distributed systems, generative AI, or deployment infrastructure. The defence industry is entering the most exciting phase of the technological development curve. Advances in our field of world are not incremental: Helsing is part of, and often leading, historic leaps forward</span></p>
</li>
<li>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">In our domain, success is a matter of order-of-magnitude improvements and novel capabilities. This means we take bets, aim high, and focus on big opportunities. Despite being a relatively young company, Helsing has already been selected for multiple significant government contracts</span></p>
</li>
<li>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">We actively encourage healthy, proactive, and diverse debate internally about what we do and how we choose to do it. Teams and individual engineers are trusted (and encouraged) to practise responsible autonomy and critical thinking, and to focus on outcomes, not conformity. At Helsing you will have a say in how we (and you!) work, the opportunity to engage on what does and doesn’t work, and to take ownership of aspects of our culture that you care deeply about</span></p>
</li>
</ul>
<h2 id="What-we-offer" data-renderer-start-pos="3238"><strong><span id="6afa48f9-b797-428b-aa69-0bc8163b3593" data-renderer-mark="true" data-mark-type="annotation" data-mark-annotation-type="inlineComment" data-id="6afa48f9-b797-428b-aa69-0bc8163b3593">What we offer</span></strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">A focus on outcomes, not time-tracking</span></p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Competitive compensation and stock options</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Relocation support</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Social and education allowances</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Regular company events and all-hands to bring together employees as one team across Europe</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p data-prosemirror-content-type="node" data-prosemirror-node-name="paragraph" data-prosemirror-node-block="true" data-pm-slice="1 1 [&quot;expand&quot;,{&quot;title&quot;:&quot;Jobs NOT on LinkedIn (PLEASE RECORD BELOW) &quot;,&quot;\_\_expanded&quot;:true},&quot;table&quot;,{&quot;displayMode&quot;:null,&quot;isNumberColumnEnabled&quot;:false,&quot;layout&quot;:&quot;default&quot;,&quot;localId&quot;:&quot;bbd74d83-0b12-4e71-a1f3-30156373b99d&quot;,&quot;width&quot;:760,&quot;\_\_autoSize&quot;:false},&quot;tableRow&quot;,{},&quot;tableCell&quot;,{&quot;colspan&quot;:1,&quot;rowspan&quot;:1,&quot;colwidth&quot;:null,&quot;background&quot;:null}]">#LI-DNI</p>
<p><em data-stringify-type="italic">Helsing is an equal opportunities employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, religion, sexual orientation, age, marital status, disability or gender identity. Please do not submit personal data revealing racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, trade union membership, data concerning your health, or data concerning your sexual orientation.</em></p><div class="content-conclusion"><div>&nbsp;</div>
<div>Helsing's Candidate Privacy and Confidentiality Regime can be found <a href="https://helsing.ai/candidate-privacy-and-confidentiality-regime/" target="\_blank">here</a>.&nbsp;</div>
<div>&nbsp;</div>
<div>&nbsp;</div></div>