<div class="content-intro"><p class="sc-gEkIjz cjtSrT MuiTypography-root MuiTypography-body1 sc-hoLEA">Raisin is the world's leading platform for savings and investment products. Founded in 2012, the&nbsp;<strong>FinTech</strong> connects consumers with banks in the EU, the UK and the US. This gives consumers <strong>better interest rates</strong> and banks a <strong>diversified form of refinancing</strong>. Our vision is to offer savings and investments without barriers and thus open up the global 160 trillion euro market.</p>
<p class="sc-gEkIjz cjtSrT MuiTypography-root MuiTypography-body1 sc-hoLEA">Raisin currently employs more than 800 people from over 75 countries worldwide. Today, the platform holds over 80 billion euros in assets from&nbsp;<strong>more than one million investors</strong> which have accrued over 5 billion euros in returns.</p></div><p><span style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0);"><strong>Team</strong></span></p>
<p>For further development and expansion of our successful business, Raisin is looking for highly motivated, smart, and driven engineers to complement our team in Berlin. As a (Senior) Frontend Infrastructure &amp; Tooling Engineer, you will work alongside our development teams to ensure a highly automated software development life-cycle, as well as enable them to deploy modern Frontend applications to the Cloud using Continuous delivery practices. As part of our Tech Platform tribe, you will work with cutting-edge technologies and initiatives that shape the vision of our Frontend Platform, assisting our product and development teams to stay highly productive. &nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;</p>
<p>We are looking for someone with a strong software engineering experience, who seeks an opportunity to help other engineers solve complex problems using Platform Engineering practices. You will take full ownership of your work, from design to infrastructure, and are expected to challenge the status quo as a key work and culture component.</p>
<p><br><strong>Your Responsibilities</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>As an experienced Frontend Engineer, you will be providing a significant impact on our customers’ experience with Raisin product by optimizing Frontend applications for performance and scalability</li>
<li>You will drive internal platform efforts, improving development tools and Frontend ecosystem according to modern principles</li>
<li>You will contribute to building the development infrastructure used by stream-aligned teams, and drive different automation and integration projects with regard to the latest technology</li>
<li>You will research, assess, develop and maintain new technology solutions for our Frontend Platform</li>
<li>You will provide stable automated solutions for our internal customers to speed up product testing and delivery</li>
<li>Nurture teams to strive for test automation and quality assurance throughout the development process</li>
<li>You will own, maintain and continuously evolve a large-scale Frontend monorepo, ensuring its scalability, reliability and long-term sustainability</li>
<li>You will own, optimise and scale the shared CI pipeline, improving build performance, stability and developer productivity across teams</li>
<li>Act as a “Frontend First Aid” point of contact, proactively unblocking engineers on infrastructure, platform and build-related issues</li>
<li>You will continuously enhance the developer experience by streamlining workflows, reducing friction and introducing improvements across the Frontend toolchain</li>
<li>Drive architectural decisions together with the team, shaping the evolution of the Frontend platform in alignment with engineering standards and long-term strategy</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Your Profile</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>You hold a university degree in Computer Science or related fields or equivalent practical experience</li>
<li>You bring 3+ years of experience as a Frontend or Full Stack engineer</li>
<li>You can demonstrate proficiency in TypeScript, JavaScript, CSS, and HTML</li>
<li>You have strong experience with React or similar frameworks/libraries</li>
<li>You are familiar with CSS-in-JS like styled-components</li>
<li>Experience with Next.js, Static Site Generators, the JAM-Stack, (headless-) Content Management Systems and material-ui is a huge plus</li>
<li>You can show experience working with automated testing frameworks like Jest</li>
<li>You have hands-on experience with micro-frontend architecture and monorepo setup</li>
<li>You have a good understanding of Frontend build tools and bundlers like Webpack, Rollup, Babel</li>
<li>You are devoted to quality and adhere to best practices within the JavaScript community</li>
<li>You have a strong passion for Platform Engineering practices and have hands-on experience with modern CI/CD and automation for Frontend</li>
<li>You feel comfortable and confident driving on participating in technical and architectural discussions</li>
<li>You are an open-minded and creative team player who is eager to contribute to the ongoing improvement of our technology and culture</li>
<li>You have great English communication skills</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Join our mission, join our team – and grow with us!</strong></p>
<p>At Raisin, we care about each other and it is one of our top priorities to foster an open and caring environment in which everyone feels welcome and comfortable. Our culture is strongly driven by our ambitious team, which connects more than 75 different nationalities.</p>
<p>As part of our team, you will benefit from:</p>
<ul>
<li>Employee Development Budget of €2,000 and four full training days per year.</li>
<li>Flexible working hours, home office and 30 vacation days.</li>
<li>A company pension scheme (Betriebliche Altersvorsorge), which we support with 20%.</li>
<li>Enjoy more than 50+ different sports with Urban Sports Club: We subsidize your membership with more than €20 per month.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Do you miss being in the office? The Deutschland Ticket gets you there, which we subsidize with €25 per month.</li>
<li>Love cycling? With JobRad, lease the bike of your choice and enjoy tax savings, plus Raisin covers your monthly insurance costs.</li>
<li>Hungry all the time? Snacks, daily fresh fruit as well as drinks provided at the office.</li>
<li>You are moving from another country or city to join us? We may support your relocation.</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><p><a href="https://www.raisin.com/corporate/raisin-applicant-privacy-policy/"><em>Raisin Applicant Privacy Policy</em></a></p>
<p data-start="728" data-end="900">We value diversity and the unique experiences each individual brings. If you’re excited about this role but don’t meet every requirement, we still encourage you to apply.</p>
<p data-start="907" data-end="1013">We are an equal opportunity employer and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for everyone, regardless of race, colour, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, or gender identity.</p></div>