<div class="content-intro"><div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
<div>
<p>At Cloudflare, we are on a mission to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers millions of websites and other Internet properties for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.&nbsp;</p>
<p>At Cloudflare, we’re not looking for people who wait for a polished roadmap; we’re looking for the builders who see the cracks in the Internet that everyone else has simply learned to live with. We value candidates who have the instinct to spot a "normalized" problem and the AI-native curiosity to create a solution using the latest tools. Our culture is built on iteration, leveraging AI to ship faster today to make it better tomorrow, while ensuring that every improvement, no matter how small, is shared across the team to lift everyone up. If you’re the type of person who values curiosity over bureaucracy, and that AI is a partner in solving tough problems to keep the Internet moving forward, you’ll fit right in.</p>
</div></div><p><strong>Available Locations: London or Dubai</strong></p>
<hr>
<p><strong>About the Department</strong></p>
<p>Account Executives, Business Development Representatives, Solution Engineers, channel managers and Customer Success - all working together to help our customers adopt Cloudflare, build great Internet-enabled experiences and help them on their digital transformation journey.&nbsp;</p>
<p>The sales team at Cloudflare helps customers take on real, technical problems while building the revenue streams that help the company provide services to millions in our community.</p>
<p><strong>About the Role</strong></p>
<p>Based out of the Dubai or London office, you will manage and drive sales into the largest enterprise accounts in the Sub Saharan Africa region with a focus on South Africa. Such accounts include, but are not limited to MNC’s, large enterprise companies and organizations that have substantial requirements for Cloudflare solutions.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Your enterprise selling activities will include a "hunter" type activities to proactively penetrate the targeted list of named accounts, detailed account planning, focused relationship building and leading effective sales campaigns to successful closure. You should demonstrate the capability to work with the extended teams, both internally involving cross-functional resources and externally involving channel and alliance partners.</p>
<p>The ideal candidate will possess a named enterprise accounts direct-touch sales experience in a related Cybersecurity cloud based technology area that enables them to drive engagement with senior level decision makers within Cloudflare’s target customers and prospects. Industry experience selling into public sector, manufacturing, BFSI, Energy and other Enterprise verticals in the assigned territory is required in this role.</p>
<p>As a Senior Named Account Executive, you'll be responsible for developing and executing against a sales strategy/plan for the assigned accounts to achieve revenue targets and other key objectives required from this role. Therefore, you must have an intuitive understanding and experience with the key business and technical needs of these large accounts and will create and deliver compelling value propositions to them for the different Cloudflare solutions.</p>
<p><strong>Additional responsibilities will include</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Manage complex sales cycles and contracts negotiations</li>
<li>Develop and maintain a robust sales pipeline</li>
<li>Develop long-term strategic relationships with key accounts</li>
<li>Work with channel and alliances within the territory, whenever appropriate</li>
<li>Engage the necessary resources within the extended team whenever required</li>
<li>Accurate reporting and forecasting for the state of business within the assigned territory</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Examples of desirable skills, knowledge and experience</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Fluent in English</li>
<li>Proven direct touch selling experience across South Africa</li>
<li>15+ years of technology selling experience with 8+ years direct experience selling similar technologies such as SASE, ZT, FAAS, CASB, WAF, SWG, RBI, DDOS is required</li>
<li>At least 8 years of selling to similar accounts, managing all milestones of a sales cycle, uncovering the opportunities, qualifying, developing and closing</li>
<li>Understanding of computer networking and “how the internet works”</li>
<li>Computer engineering or computer science or equivalent background with ability to sell highly technical solutions, ability to scale up with evolving technologies and an always learn aptitude for new technical concepts &amp; solutions&nbsp;</li>
<li>Strong interpersonal communication (verbal and written) and organizational skills</li>
<li>Self-motivated; entrepreneurial spirit</li>
<li>Comfortable working in a fast-paced dynamic environment</li>
<li>Experience working with Salesforce, BI Tools, knowledge of accurate reporting and forecasting and importance of pipeline generation</li>
<li>Understanding of the competition landscape, market trends and ability to do competitive displacement selling within the assigned territory</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: Since 2014, we've equipped more than 2,400 journalism and civil society organizations in 111 countries with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: In 2017, we created the Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration. Since the project, we've provided services to more than 425 local government election websites in 33 states.</span></p>
<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Please note that applicants who progress to the offer stage of the interview process may be asked to attend an in-person interview within one of the Cloudflare Offices or Cloudflare Hubs.&nbsp; More details about this will be available at that stage of the interview process.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p></div>