<div class="content-intro"><h2><span data-sheets-root="1">About Wolt</span></h2>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">At Wolt, we create technology that brings joy, simplicity and earnings to the neighborhoods of the world. In 2014 we started with delivery of restaurant food. Now we’re building the delivery of (almost) everything and you’ll find us in over 500 cities in 30 countries around the world. In 2022 we joined forces with DoorDash and together we keep on dreaming big and expanding across the globe.<br><br>Working at Wolt isn’t always easy, but it’s definitely exciting. Here you’ll learn more, build more, and ship more than in most other companies. You’ll be challenged a lot, but also have a lot of fun on the way. So, if you’re a self-starter with drive and entrepreneurial spirit, this could be the ride of your life.</span></p></div><p><em>Are you looking to join&nbsp;an amazing team of passionate and driven individuals in a rapidly growing business in Cyprus? Then we would love to talk! We love&nbsp;what we do, and we are looking for people that will share the same passion for growing our business!</em></p>
<h2><strong>Role background</strong></h2>
<p>We are searching for both full-time Grocery Associates to join our awesome team to our store in Paphos! In this role you are right in the heart of our day-to-day dark store operations. Our store is open 7 days a week, so this role also requires you to be able to work on weekends and in different shifts. You will be working from our market located in Paphos.</p>
<p>If you are a team player, enjoy working independently, and have a good sense of humor, then you might be just the person we are looking for!&nbsp;</p>
<h2><strong>What you'll be doing</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Taking in orders through our Merchant app</li>
<li>Packing groceries &amp; handing them to customers and couriers</li>
<li>Managing inventory</li>
<li>Maintaining order and cleanliness of the store</li>
</ul>
<h2>Our humble expectations</h2>
<ul>
<li>You are proactive and a fast learner with the ability to multitask</li>
<li>You’ll work in flexible shifts in both morning and evening shifts across weekdays and weekends - our store is open 7 days a week, from 7:30 to 00:00. We require flexibility to work across all our working hours, including weekends and public holidays</li>
<li>Experience from working in a grocery store is an advantage!</li>
<li>You have a full professional proficiency in English. Greek is a plus!</li>
<li>You have the right to work in Cyprus</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>What you’ll get by joining us</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Attractive salary package and thirteen salaries per year</li>
<li>21 days of paid leave per year</li>
<li>Wolt credits cashback benefit</li>
<li>Employee assistance program</li>
<li>Excellent working environment</li>
<li>Wolt-wide training programs and career development opportunities</li>
<li>Fruits and drinks at the Wolt Market</li>
</ul>
<h2>Next steps</h2>
<p>If you are excited about working in a high-growth environment, taking ownership, and being part of an extremely ambitious team, then click below to apply and get the conversation going!&nbsp;<br><br>We will be reviewing applications on an on-going basis, so if this sounds like an opportunity you want to pursue, apply today!</p>
<p><iframe src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/T10nqKEgkmE" width="560" height="314"></iframe></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p><div class="content-conclusion"><h2><span data-sheets-root="1">Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion</span></h2>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">We’re committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. That’s why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.</span></p></div>