**About the Team**

Being part of Meesho's Fulfillment and Experience (F&E) team, will zip you to the cockpit of our ever-burgeoning rocketship. And, you’ll shape the experience of Bharat’s next billion e-commerce users.We’re an eclectic mix of over 100 professionals, all driven by the first principles of problem-solving. We come with diverse skill sets and responsibilities ranging from running operations/support to managing the supply chain, and maintaining analytics. At Meesho, we’re trying to do what's never been done before – herald e-commerce into the tier-2, tier-3 cities of India.

Our team’s role in this ambitious mission is to reimagine logistics from the ground up completely. This means a host of "zero-to-one" projects (takers, anyone?) to build a supply chain that reimagines e-commerce, not just in India but globally.We focus on personal growth and fun at work just as much as we do on working hard. That is why, we have regular 1-1s virtual meetings, fun-filled monthly all-team catch-ups, and timely rewards and recognitions

**About the Role**

As a Zonal Head -  Security and Investigations at Meesho, you’ll run a Zonal org focused on reducing Security incidents and identifying, reducing and resolving malicious losses and frauds on the ground. You’ll achieve it by forging strong collaborations with the Business and Operations teams, Operations partners and Sellers alike.

You’ll work closely with the mentioned teams in order to serve our users better. To this end, you’ll also lead key initiatives, audits, formulating and implementing SOPs and deliver impactful projects to cater to security and loss prevention needs for the organization.

Your guiding question in this role will be “How can we build an efficient, fraud-free, high on ownership and integrity supply chain, while keeping customer experience at max”. You’ll answer this question every day through owning the Security and Investigations charter for the Fulfillment and Experience, and if needed, Meesho at large.

## What you will do

- Develop and Lead the Zonal Security and Investigations Charter.
- Coordinate with stakeholders from Operations and Central Control tower, Legal, T&S and other relevant teams to design short and long-term security, loss and fraud identification and prevention strategies.
- Partner with Cluster and Area teams to mitigate risk of theft, fraud and other high impact incidents.
- Performing risk assessment of site & operation model and frame mitigation measures.
- Regularly do security analysis, and work with Central teams for setting the right SOPs across nodes.
- Conduct regular security and process audits on the ground based on central data inputs
- Seller, Valmo and Grocery hubs.
- Close  the audit exercise by ensuring legal/penal action on the identified stakeholders (employees/delivery personnel/sellers/ops vendors).
- Create Org and liaisoning muscle to intervene in case of ops disruptions and untoward incidents happening in different parts of the country - through people in 3P payroll and consulting capabilities.
- In the long run, design a proactive security control tower to predict and ensure the BCP in case of breakages.

## What you will need

- 8-12 years of work experience with substantial experience in managing a geographically dispersed security, investigations and loss prevention team, with KRs around detection and prevention of security and loss incidents.
- Experience in E-commerce, Fulfillment, 3PL Logistics, Supply chain, Operations or relevant experience in similar high growth tech startups preferred.
- Outstanding leadership and organizational skills.
- Superior problem-solving and project management skills.
- Experience in team building, managing, and coaching will be a plus.
- Knowledge & experience of laws applying to interviews, legal action and the judicial process.
- Ability to travel, sometimes at a short notice.

**About us**

Welcome to Meesho, where every story begins with a spark of inspiration and a dash of entrepreneurial spirit. We're not just a platform; we're your partner in turning dreams into realities.

**Curious about life at Meesho? Explore our Glassdoor - our people have a lot to say and they've helped us become a loved workplace in India.**

**Our Mission**

Democratising internet commerce for everyone — Meesho (Meri Shop) started with a single idea in mind: to be an e-commerce destination for Indian consumers and to enable small businesses to succeed online.

We provide our sellers with benefits such as zero commission and affordable shipping solutions in the market. Today, sellers nationwide are growing their businesses by tapping into Meesho’s large and diverse customer base, state-of-the-art tech infrastructure, and pan-India logistics network through trusted third-party partners.

Affordable, relatable merchandise that mirrors local markets has helped us connect with internet users and serve customers across urban, semi-urban, and rural India. Our unique business model and continuous innovation have established us as a part of India’s e-commerce ecosystem.

**Culture and Total Rewards**

Our focus is on cultivating a dynamic workplace characterized by high impact and performance excellence. We prioritize a people-centric culture, dedicated to hiring and developing exceptional talent.

Total rewards at Meesho comprise a comprehensive set of elements — monetary, non-monetary, tangible, and intangible. Our 9 guiding principles, or "Mantras," are the backbone of how we operate, influencing everything from recognition and evaluation to growth discussions. Daily rituals and processes like “Problem First Mindset,” “Listen or Die,” our Internal Mobility Program, Talent Reviews, and Continuous Performance Management embody these principles.

We offer competitive compensation — both cash and equity-based — tailored to job roles, individual experience, and skill, along with employee-centric benefits and a supportive work environment. Our holistic wellness program, MeeCare, includes benefits across physical, mental, financial, and social wellness. This includes extensive medical insurance for employees and their families, wellness initiatives like telehealth, wellness events, and fitness-related perks.

To support work-life balance, we offer generous leave policies, parental support, retirement benefits, and learning and development assistance. Through personalized recognition, gratitude for stretched work, and engaging activities, we promote employee delight at the workplace. Additional benefits such as salary advance support, relocation assistance, and flexible benefit plans further enrich the Meesho experience.

Know more about Meesho here : <https://www.meesho.io/>