<p>What Will You Do?</p>
<p><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">Engineering Manager, Site Reliability(SRE) combines software and systems engineering to build and run large-scale, distributed, fault-tolerant systems.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">We are looking for a passionate Engineering Manager, Site Reliability to join our team. As the founding member of the SRE team at Moveworks in Bengaluru, you will be responsible for architecting and managing Moveworks AI cloud infrastructure and strategy. As Moveworks grows fast, this team will be tasked with designing and operating resilient and secure cloud and infrastructure that allows our products to operate reliably and our engineering teams to build and release customer facing features very rapidly.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">You will get to work closely with platform, infrastructure, machine learning, search, data, DevOps, and frontend teams, and build systems that allow these teams to ship high quality software at a rapid pace. This might include building/improving CI/CD pipelines, supporting blue/green deployments, creating/managing canary environments and ensuring that the likelihood of bad code getting into production is minimized.</span></p>
<ul>
<li>Improve observability and reliability of Moveworks systems by managing/building monitoring and alerting infrastructure.</li>
<li>Improve debuggability -&nbsp; build / manage systems that help debug issues in production and analyze performance.</li>
<li>Architect, design, and execute projects to improve the reliability of our applications and systems.</li>
<li>Be a technical lead for the adjacent teams in Bengaluru.</li>
</ul>
<p>What You Bring To The Table?</p>
<ul>
<li>Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or a related field.</li>
<li>8+ years of experience in software engineering / SRE with significant experience in Python / Go.</li>
<li>2+ years of experience leading projects and designing, analyzing, and troubleshooting distributed systems.</li>
<li>Experience in managing/building infrastructure systems for deployment and management of workloads in AWS. Familiarity with Jenkins, Terraform, Ansible, Helm, etc.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Experience with Azure would be a plus.</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><p>\*Our compensation package includes a market competitive salary, equity for all full time roles, exceptional benefits, and, for applicable roles, commissions or bonus plans.&nbsp;<br>Ultimately, in determining pay, final offers may vary from the amount listed based on geography, the role’s scope and complexity, the candidate’s experience and expertise, and other factors.</p>
<p>Moveworks Is An Equal Opportunity Employer<br>\*Moveworks is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We provide employment opportunities without regard to age, race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, disability, sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, veteran status, or any other characteristics protected by law.</p>
<h4><strong>Who We Are&nbsp;</strong></h4>
<p>Moveworks is the Agentic AI Assistant platform that empowers the entire workforce.</p>
<p>Our platform enables employees to converse with all of their business systems through natural language to quickly find answers and automate tasks. Powered by the world's most advanced LLMs, our proprietary models, and a sophisticated Agentic AI platform, we're transforming how work gets done by allowing AI to take initiative, streamline complex workflows, and continuously learn and adapt.</p>
<p>Moveworks is trusted by over 5.5 million employees at more than 350 of the world’s largest companies, including 10% of the Fortune 500, to automate everyday tasks and streamline business operations. Recognized on the Forbes Cloud 100 and AI 50 lists, Moveworks was also named one of Fast Company’s 2025 Most Innovative Companies and Inc’s Best in Business, in the Best in Innovation category. Moveworks was also recognized at Microsoft’s 2025 Partner of the Year and in 2024, received the AI Breakthrough Award.</p>
<p>In December 2025, Moveworks was acquired by ServiceNow, marking a pivotal milestone in our journey to create a single front door to work for all business systems. By combining ServiceNow’s leading workflow automation with Moveworks’ Reasoning Engine and natural language capabilities, we deliver the AI platform for every person and every workflow. Built to go beyond basic summaries to deliver meaningful business impact. Together, our AI acts across enterprise systems to turn conversations into completed work.</p>
<p>By joining our team, you’ll be at the forefront of the AI transformation, backed by the global scale of ServiceNow and the agility of a high-growth company. We are looking for world-class talent to help us extend agentic AI to every employee across every corner of the business.<br><br>Come join us!</p>
<p><strong>ServiceNow<br><br></strong>It all started in sunny San Diego, California in 2004 when a visionary engineer, Fred Luddy, saw the potential to transform how we work. Fast forward to today — ServiceNow stands as a global market leader, bringing innovative AI-enhanced technology to over 8,100 customers, including 85% of the Fortune 500®. Our intelligent cloud-based platform seamlessly connects people, systems, and processes to empower organizations to find smarter, faster, and better ways to work. But this is just the beginning of our journey. Join us as we pursue our purpose to make the world work better for everyone.<br><br><br></p></div>