<div class="content-intro"><p><strong data-stringify-type="bold">Why work at Nebius<br></strong>Nebius is leading a new era in cloud computing to serve the global AI economy. We create the tools and resources our customers need to solve real-world challenges and transform industries, without massive infrastructure costs or the need to build large in-house AI/ML teams. Our employees work at the cutting edge of AI cloud infrastructure alongside some of the most experienced and innovative leaders and engineers in the field.</p>
<p><strong>Where we work<br></strong>Headquartered in Amsterdam and listed on Nasdaq, Nebius has a global footprint with R&amp;D hubs across Europe, North America, and Israel. The team of over 1400 employees includes more than 400 highly skilled engineers with deep expertise across hardware and software engineering, as well as an in-house AI R&amp;D team.</p></div><p data-renderer-start-pos="4057"><strong>The role</strong></p>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="4057">The Security Engineering Team within the Platform Security organization is responsible for the strategic selection, implementation, management, and optimization of cybersecurity tools and technologies that improve security capabilities of the organization's platform. This team is instrumental in fortifying the security posture, proactively identifying and responding to security threats, ensuring the resilience and protection of critical data, systems, and services.</p>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="4528">We are looking for an <strong data-renderer-mark="true">Infrastructure Security Engineer</strong> to secure our cloud and on-premises infrastructure by implementing security controls, monitoring threats, ensuring compliance with industry standards and respond to security incidents. The ideal candidate has a strong background in cloud security, Linux hardening, and network security.</p>
<p id="In-this-position,-your-responsibility-will-be-to" data-renderer-start-pos="4871"><strong data-stringify-type="bold">Your responsibilities will include:</strong></p>
<ul class="ak-ul" data-indent-level="1">
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="4923">Design and implement security measures to protect cloud and on-premises infrastructure.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="5014">Identify and remediate vulnerabilities in cloud environments, networks, and operating systems.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="5112">Build and maintain cloud and infrastructure security tools.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="5175">Perform security reviews, threat modeling and risk assessments of infrastructure components.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="5271">Develop and maintain security guidelines for Network and SRE teams.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="5342">Collaborate with Network and SRE teams to integrate security best practices into their processes and systems.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="5455">Stay updated on the latest security threats, vulnerabilities, and mitigation techniques.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="5547">Serve as an network and infrastructure security subject matter expert to other teams.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p id="We-expect-you-to-have" data-renderer-start-pos="5636"><strong>We expect you to have:</strong></p>
<ul class="ak-ul" data-indent-level="1">
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="5661">4+ years of experience in network, infrastructure or cloud security.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="5733">Strong understanding of modern cloud architectures and deployment models (VMs, containers, serverless, Kubernetes).</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="5852">Solid knowledge in networks, distributed systems and Linux systems engineering.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="5935">Hands-on experience with network, VPN and Linux security.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="5996">Understanding of Identity and Access Management (IAM) systems.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="6062">Experience with security automation tools and scripting (e.g. Python, Bash, Go, etc.) and willingness to learn Go, if necessary.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="6194">Experience in using and accessing security of Infrastructure as Code (Terraform).</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="6279">Experience in hardening Linux based systems (apparmor, seccomp, etc.).</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="6353">Experience in hardening Kubernetes.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="6392">Strong problem-solving and analytical skills.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="6441">Good written and verbal communication skills in English.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="6501">Willingness to learn new things.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="6537">Being comfortable working independently.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p id="It-would-be-an-added-bonus-if-you-had" data-renderer-start-pos="6581"><strong data-stringify-type="bold">It will be an added bonus if you have:</strong></p>
<ul class="ak-ul" data-indent-level="1">
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="6622">Proficiency in securing AWS, GCP, or Azure environments.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="6682">Experience in conducting threat-modeling sessions.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="6736">Experience in designing, building, and maintaining Identity Aware Proxies or Bastion hosts.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="6831">Experience in translating compliance and regulation requirements into technical specifications.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="6930">Experience in exploiting vulnerabilities in Linux kernel, VMs, containers, and networks.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="7022">Experience in securing bare metal workloads.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="7070">Security certifications such as OSCP or CKS.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p><span data-ccp-props="{}"><em data-stringify-type="italic">We conduct coding interviews as part of the process.</em></span></p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>What we offer</strong>&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>Competitive salary and comprehensive benefits package.</li>
<li>Opportunities for professional growth within Nebius.</li>
<li>Flexible working arrangements.</li>
<li>A dynamic and collaborative work environment that values initiative and innovation.</li>
</ul>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">We’re growing and expanding our products every day. If you’re up to the challenge and are excited about AI and ML as much as we are, join us!</span></p></div>