<p>Canonical is a leading provider of open source software and operating systems to the global enterprise and technology markets. Our platform, Ubuntu, is very widely used in breakthrough enterprise initiatives such as public cloud, data science, AI, engineering innovation, and IoT. Our customers include the world's leading public cloud and silicon providers, and industry leaders in many sectors. The company is a pioneer of global distributed collaboration, with 1200+ colleagues in 75+ countries and very few office-based roles. Teams meet two to four times yearly in person, in interesting locations around the world, to align on strategy and execution.</p>
<p>The company is founder-led, profitable, and growing.</p>
<p>We are hiring an<strong>&nbsp;Enterprise Customer Success Manager at Canonical</strong></p>
<p>Customer success is a new and strategic department at Canonical, with the objective of reducing risk and churn, facilitating the adoption of new products or services, and supporting expansion within existing accounts. Customer Success Managers (CSM) are responsible for developing trust with their assigned customers and providing them with the best possible experience navigating Canonical's vast offering. By clearly understanding their customers’ objectives, the CSM can align expectations, suggest a large range of additional services or product capacity to increase loyalty, alleviate any pain points, and help draw and deliver on an appropriate collaboration roadmap.&nbsp;</p>
<p>We are growing our Customer Success team to continue to offer thoughtful, smart, precise interactions across our product portfolio, from Ubuntu to open-source infrastructure and applications. To provide the&nbsp; appropriate level of focus for every customer, CSMs are specialized in one of the following segments:&nbsp;&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>Mass - SMEs or large businesses starting their journey with Canonical</li>
<li>Focus - Large companies with established ARR</li>
<li>Step Growth - a selection of high-potential customers&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p>All CSMs contribute to business support at the company level for all remaining, not-yet-assigned customers (Tech segment), including our Store customers.</p>
<p><strong>Location: </strong>&nbsp;This role will be based remotely.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>What your day will look like</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Onboard new customers and introduce them to our products and support processes. Products include: Ubuntu Pro, MAAS, Landscape, Openstack, Ceph, Kubernetes, data applications and many more.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Elaborate and coordinate complex projects in interaction with developers, IT managers and decision makers from various industries.</li>
<li>Collaborate with Sales, Field Engineering and Support in developing and delivering engagement plans that fulfill the customer's objectives.</li>
<li>Manage a portfolio of customers in a specific geographic region and identify growth opportunities or renewal risks in coordination with Sales.&nbsp;&nbsp;</li>
<li>Experience running a disciplined, weekly customer and business review process with cross-functional teams, identifying and prioritizing blockers, and driving resolution through corporate product and engineering teams</li>
<li>Serve as a customer advocate internally and influence Canonical products roadmaps, Canonical websites, documentation, processes and people to improve customer satisfaction and retention.</li>
<li>Supporting customers through reactive ticket requests.</li>
<li>Create campaigns targeting multiple customers through digital touch-points and activities.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>What we are looking for in you</strong></p>
<p>The ideal candidate would display impeccable customer-facing skills with a passion for cloud and data centre infrastructure technologies. We are also looking for:</p>
<ul>
<li>Minimum 5 years of work experience with a strong relation to IT and with exposure to projects related to at least one of these topics: Linux OS, data applications, storage, cloud computing, networking, security,&nbsp; migration, IoT.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Excellent presentation skills with the ability to guide a conversation about complex software.</li>
<li>Experience building and improving internal processes while maintaining timely delivery to customer-related projects.</li>
<li>A true team player capable of interacting with all departments and at all levels, both internally and externally.</li>
<li>Knowledge of agile methodologies.</li>
<li>We at the Customer Success team strongly appreciate various languages! Therefore, if you possess proficiency (both written and spoken) in Spanish and Portuguese alongside an excellent command of English, please inform us!</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Additional skills that you might also bring</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Experience with Salesforce, Jira and CRMs is a big plus!</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<h3><strong>What we offer colleagues</strong></h3>
<p>We consider geographical location, experience, and performance in shaping compensation worldwide. We revisit compensation annually (and more often for graduates and associates) to ensure we recognize outstanding performance. In addition to base pay, we offer a performance-driven annual bonus or commission. We provide all team members with additional benefits which reflect our values and ideals. We balance our programs to meet local needs and ensure fairness globally.</p>
<ul>
<li>Distributed work environment with twice-yearly team sprints in person</li>
<li>Personal learning and development budget of USD 2,000 per year</li>
<li>Annual compensation review</li>
<li>Recognition rewards</li>
<li>Annual holiday leave</li>
<li>Maternity and paternity leave</li>
<li>Team Member Assistance Program &amp; Wellness Platform</li>
<li>Opportunity to travel to new locations to meet colleagues</li>
<li>Priority Pass and travel upgrades for long-haul company events</li>
</ul>
<h3>&nbsp;</h3>
<h3><strong>About Canonical</strong></h3>
<p>Canonical is a pioneering tech firm at the forefront of the global move to open source. As the company that publishes Ubuntu, one of the most important open-source projects and the platform for AI, IoT, and the cloud, we are changing the world of software. We recruit on a global basis and set a very high standard for people joining the company. We expect excellence; in order to succeed, we need to be the best at what we do. Most colleagues at Canonical have worked from home since our inception in 2004.​ Working here is a step into the future and will challenge you to think differently, work smarter, learn new skills, and raise your game.</p>
<p><strong>Canonical is an equal opportunity employer</strong></p>
<p>We are proud to foster a workplace free from discrimination. Diversity of experience, perspectives, and background create a better work environment and better products.<a href="https://canonical.com/careers/diversity/identity">&nbsp;Whatever your identity, we will give your application fair consideration.</a></p>
<p>#LI-remote</p>