**The world’s most advanced VPN, and a whole lot more.**

If you’re a curious problem-solver who carves their own path, join the team behind Threat Protection Pro, the NordLynx protocol, and the fastest VPN on the planet—tools that put privacy, security, and control back in people’s hands.

**Your impact?** Helping millions take back control of their online security, privacy, and data.

Join the **Notification Center Team** - Empower the Future of In App Notifications!

As a Backend Developer on our Notification Center Team, you will play a pivotal role in crafting and maintaining the essential microservices that drive in-app notification delivery. We pride ourselves on being one of the teams responsible for the backbone of a diverse set of features across many teams that rely on in-app notification delivery to function. Our passion lies in collaborating closely with other Nord teams to illuminate the path to our scalable future.

Are you ready to face the challenges of scalability, cost, good code, maintenance, and what it really takes to keep a service stable, functional, and available to serve as the hidden gem behind many of NordVPN, NordPass, and NordLayer their features? Make a difference and shape the future of NordVPN and its sister products? Join our team of talented engineers who strive for technical excellence today!

## Main Responsibilities

- Design and develop improvements to microservices that cater to the daily needs of millions of NordVPN and sister products users, handling a substantial volume of requests per minute with unwavering scalability, stability, and security as top priorities;
- Collaborate with cross-functional teams to ensure seamless integration and utilization of microservices across NordVPN's suite of products, fostering a unified and seamless experience for our users;
- Mentor and provide technical guidance to colleagues, promoting development best practices within the team;
- Play an influential role in shaping the team's vision and contributing to long-range goals;
- Engage in R&D operations whenever required to explore and adopt cutting-edge technologies;
- Foster smooth communication and collaboration between team members and other engineering, product, and design professionals from various teams;
- Exhibit a collaborative mindset, actively participating in discussions, rethinking ideas, and embracing redesigns that lead to shared success within the team and the company.

## Core Requirements

- Great experience working with backend technologies, ideally with Go or PHP and willingness to learn the other language(s);
- System design is nothing new to you, and you know what patterns to use, when, and why;
- Previous experience in working with REST, MQTT, K8s, MySQL, Redis, Kafka, VerneMQ, Docker, Kubernetes and microservice architecture is a significant advantage;
- Passionate about building APIs that are easy to use, well documented, secure and simple to understand.

## Tools You Will Use

- Go;
- Kafka;
- VerneMQ / MQTT;
- MySQL;
- Redis;
- Docker;
- Helm;
- ArgoCD;
- Kubernetes.

## Salary Range

- Gross Salary 3500 - 7200 EUR/Month.

**What We Offer**

**Innovate with industry leaders**

Work alongside global experts to build world-leading cybersecurity tools, impacting millions of users around the world.

**Learn & grow**

Boost your skills via our extensive training programs (online and offline) & other resources. Benefit from mentorship and career-switch opportunities to grow within the company.

**Work in a next-gen Cyber City office**

Thrive in our bustling office, featuring ergonomic workspaces, modern meeting rooms, engaging events, and specialty coffee to fuel your day.

**Hybrid work**

Enjoy the flexibility with 3 office days and working from home for the remaining 2.

**Work from anywhere**

Recharge with a change of scenery – choose work from any location when you feel a need to power your creativity and drive.

**Physical well-being**

Boost your health with free-of-charge 24/7 gym access, onsite and online workouts, and consultations led by in-house Physical Well-Being experts.

**Mental & emotional health**

Nurture your mind with free psychologist consultations, dedicated mental health events, and premium access to top-rated wellness apps like Calm, Headspace, and Mindletic.

**Premium healthcare**

Receive private health insurance giving you peace of mind for your health needs.

**Extra days off**

Enjoy additional vacation days off as you grow with us. Plus, get extra days for sick leave, special occasions, or parenting needs.

**Joyful moments – special treats**

Celebrate life’s big moments with special gifts from us on your birthday, anniversary, and other major events, such as weddings or the arrival of a new family member.

**Company events & team-building**

Experience iconic Nord Security celebrations, team-buildings, and knowledge-sharing events, nurturing bonds that fuel our success.

**Workation**

Embark on a legendary company getaway abroad, filled with exciting activities, live concerts, engaging workshops, and epic time together.

*Kindly refer to our Privacy Notice for Recruitment Candidates for comprehensive information regarding our data handling procedures throughout recruitment processes:* <https://bit.ly/40GWyjL>

*We expect all candidates to provide accurate and complete information during the recruitment process. While limited use of AI tools to refine application materials is acceptable, candidates remain fully responsible for ensuring that their submissions reflect their own qualifications, skills, and experience. Any failure to do so may negatively affect participation in the recruitment process. If broader AI assistance is allowed for a particular role or stage, we’ll let you know in advance.*

*By submitting your application, you acknowledge that it may be processed using automated tools for evaluation purposes. As part of our recruitment process, we may use an AI-based application review tool to help assess applications based on skills and experience relevant to the role. This technology is used to support - not replace - human decision-making, and every application is ultimately reviewed by a recruiter.*

*If you would like more information about how AI is used in this process or wish to exercise your rights under applicable data privacy laws, please contact us at [privacy@nordaccount.com](mailto:privacy@nordaccount.com). Should you prefer to opt out of the automated evaluation, please submit your application directly to [career@nordsec.com](mailto:career@nordsec.com).*