<h2><strong>Who we are</strong></h2>
<div>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">Helsing is a defence AI company. Our mission is to protect our democracies. We aim to achieve technological leadership, so that open societies can continue to make sovereign decisions and control their ethical standards.</span><span data-ccp-props="{">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">As democracies, we believe we have a special responsibility to be thoughtful about the development and deployment of powerful technologies like AI. We take this responsibility seriously.</span><span data-ccp-props="{">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span data-contrast="none">We are an ambitious and committed team of engineers, AI specialists and customer-facing programme managers.<span data-contrast="auto">&nbsp;We are looking for mission-driven people to join our European teams – and apply their skills to solve the most complex and impactful problems. We embrace an open and transparent culture that welcomes healthy debates on the use of technology in defence, its benefits, and its ethical implications.</span><span data-ccp-props="{">&nbsp;</span></span></p>
</div>
<h2><strong>The role</strong></h2>
<div>
<p>As Product Manager (Product Lead) you will join our ambitious Space team to build the future of satellite technology. Our team is gearing up to build a cutting-edge Synthetic Aperture Radar (SAR) reconnaissance satellite constellation consisting of dozens of satellites. You will be responsible for shaping the product vision and roadmap and execution. Specifically focused on the AI and software components, and how they integrate with all systems relating to the constellation.</p>
<p>You will be creating product and technology that does not currently exist, so navigating ambiguity and complexity is at the core of this role. Your focus is on identifying the product that Helsing needs to build in Space and orchestrating the company to successfully deliver it. This stretches from commercial strategy and go-to-market through to product design and technical architecture.</p>
</div>
<h2><strong>The day-to-day</strong></h2>
<p>As a company, we are defining how software and AI works in mission-critical situations in defence. We need Product Managers who can wade into a promising product area and leverage customers, teammates, and leadership to develop an idea into a prototype and a prototype into a product, with a matching business strategy.</p>
<p>It’s a big role, and most people don’t have all the skills yet. We’re looking for capable, motivated people who we can develop into Product Management all-stars.</p>
<h2 id="You’ll-do-great-if-you….3" data-renderer-start-pos="15247"><strong>You should apply if you</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Have proven experience in a broad role of product management within a company, from commercial through to technical, taking products from ideation to market.</li>
<li>Proven experience in computer vision and image analysis</li>
<li>Have a willingness to lean into uncertainty and lead a team in the discovery of a new product and its co-creation with our customers</li>
<li>Have technical depth, ideally coming from a technical background as a software engineer or data scientist. As well as technical understanding of how you bring together best in class AI and software with hardware systems.</li>
<li>Have the intellectual curiosity to learn about the many new areas you’ll be taken into: radar systems; defence procurement; military doctrine; node computing; defence-industrial policy; few-shot learning; and so on…</li>
<li>Have personal values which match ours: ownership, initiative, dedication to mission, speed and inclusiveness&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p><em data-renderer-mark="true"><em data-stringify-type="italic">Note: We operate in an industry where women, as well as other minority groups, are systematically</em>&nbsp;<em data-stringify-type="italic">under-represented. We encourage you to apply even if you don’t meet all the listed qualifications; ability and impact cannot be summarised in a few bullet points.</em></em></p>
<h2><strong>Nice to Have</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Experience in defence or space related product management.</li>
<li>Experience with satellite related technologies and systems.&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong><span data-contrast="auto">Join Helsing and work with world-leading experts in their fields</span><span data-ccp-props="{">&nbsp;</span></strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">Helsing’s work is important. You’ll be directly contributing to the protection of democratic countries while balancing both ethical and geopolitical concerns</span></p>
</li>
<li>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">The work is unique. We operate in a domain that has highly unusual technical requirements and constraints, and where robustness, safety, and ethical considerations are vital. You will face unique Engineering and AI challenges that make a meaningful impact in the world</span></p>
</li>
<li>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">Our work frequently takes us right up to the state of the art in technical innovation, be it reinforcement learning, distributed systems, generative AI, or deployment infrastructure. The defence industry is entering the most exciting phase of the technological development curve. Advances in our field of world are not incremental: Helsing is part of, and often leading, historic leaps forward</span></p>
</li>
<li>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">In our domain, success is a matter of order-of-magnitude improvements and novel capabilities. This means we take bets, aim high, and focus on big opportunities. Despite being a relatively young company, Helsing has already been selected for multiple significant government contracts</span></p>
</li>
<li>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">We actively encourage healthy, proactive, and diverse debate internally about what we do and how we choose to do it. Teams and individual engineers are trusted (and encouraged) to practise responsible autonomy and critical thinking, and to focus on outcomes, not conformity. At Helsing you will have a say in how we (and you!) work, the opportunity to engage on what does and doesn’t work, and to take ownership of aspects of our culture that you care deeply about</span></p>
</li>
</ul>
<h2 id="What-we-offer" data-renderer-start-pos="3238"><strong><span id="6afa48f9-b797-428b-aa69-0bc8163b3593" data-renderer-mark="true" data-mark-type="annotation" data-mark-annotation-type="inlineComment" data-id="6afa48f9-b797-428b-aa69-0bc8163b3593">What we offer</span></strong></h2>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>
<p><span data-contrast="auto"><strong>Competitive salary</strong> and <strong>stock options (ESOP)</strong></span></p>
</li>
<li>
<p><span data-contrast="auto"><strong>Occupational Pension&nbsp;</strong>and<strong> Disability Insurance</strong></span></p>
</li>
<li>
<p><span data-contrast="auto"><strong>Relocation suppor</strong>t: up to €2,500 and 4 weeks temporary accommodation</span></p>
</li>
<li>
<p><span data-contrast="auto"><strong>Learning</strong>: €500 yearly allowance </span></p>
</li>
<li>
<p><span data-contrast="auto"><strong>Health &amp; wellness:</strong> gym membership, mental health support (Nilo.health) and cycle scheme </span></p>
</li>
<li>
<p><span data-contrast="auto"><strong>Social</strong>: regularly company events and monthly social allowances</span></p>
</li>
<li>
<p><span data-contrast="auto"><strong>Enhanced parental leave:</strong> 22 weeks fully paid for primary caregivers &amp; 6 weeks for secondary caregivers</span></p>
</li>
<li>
<p><span data-contrast="auto"><strong>Family support:&nbsp;</strong>5 days of paid family emergency leave, remote work option during pregnancy and phased return to work at full pay</span></p>
</li>
</ul>
<p><em data-stringify-type="italic">Helsing is an equal opportunities employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, religion, sexual orientation, age, marital status, disability or gender identity. Please do not submit personal data revealing racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, trade union membership, data concerning your health, or data concerning your sexual orientation.</em></p><div class="content-conclusion"><div>&nbsp;</div>
<div>Helsing's Candidate Privacy and Confidentiality Regime can be found <a href="https://helsing.ai/candidate-privacy-and-confidentiality-regime/" target="\_blank">here</a>.&nbsp;</div>
<div>&nbsp;</div>
<div>&nbsp;</div></div>