<div class="gmail\_default" style="font-size: small;">
<div>
<div>To learn the Hiring Ranges for this position, please select your location from the <strong>Apply Now</strong> dropdown menu.</div>
<p style="text-align: justify; line-height: 1;">To learn more about our Hiring Range System, please click this <a href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ylUe7Ou0EbsOtGRBtUv1sSld3lbZ4mrYzo59tEkSjY8/edit?usp=sharing" target="\_blank"><span style="text-decoration: underline;"><strong>link.</strong></span></a></p>
<p><strong>Why Mozilla?</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Mozilla Corporation is the non-profit-backed technology company that has shaped the internet for the better over the last 25 years. We make pioneering brands like Firefox, the privacy-minded web browser. Now, with more than 225 million people around the world using our products each month, we’re shaping the next 25 years of technology and helping to reclaim an internet built for people, not companies. Our work focuses on diverse areas including AI, social media, security and more. And we’re doing this while never losing our focus on our core mission – to make the internet better for people.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">The Mozilla Corporation is wholly owned by the non-profit 501(c) Mozilla Foundation. This means we aren’t beholden to any shareholders — only to our mission. Along with thousands of volunteer contributors and collaborators all over the world, Mozillians design, build and distribute </span><strong>open-source</strong><span style="font-weight: 400;"> software that enables people to enjoy the internet on their terms.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><strong>About this team and role:</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">As a Senior Data Engineer at Mozilla, you will be a key member of our Data Engineering team. This team manages the entire data lifecycle: ingesting and transforming raw data into reliable, high quality models that empower Mozillians to make data informed decisions.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">You’ll bridge the gap between our technical systems and our business needs, helping us build a better data platform while making sure the data itself is easy for other teams to use and trust. Recent platform improvements the team has driven include launching a data catalog, introducing data observability, and implementing a medallion architecture to ensure our data is reliable, accurate, and accessible. Check out the</span><a href="https://blog.mozilla.org/data/"><span style="font-weight: 400;"> </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">Data@Mozilla blog</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> for more details on our work.</span></p>
<p><strong>What you’ll do:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><strong>Build the pipes:</strong><span style="font-weight: 400;"> You’ll build and manage our business data pipelines as well as transform Firefox telemetry data into structured high quality datasets Mozillians can rely on&nbsp;</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><strong>Make data make sense:</strong><span style="font-weight: 400;"> You’ll partner with data scientists, product, and marketing teams to turn complex datasets into the models and metrics that drive Mozilla’s decisions</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><strong>Be a guardian of data quality:</strong><span style="font-weight: 400;"> You’ll ensure our datasets stay accurate and performant by using our observability tools to monitor quality and joining a weekly triage rotation to resolve data issues as they arise</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><strong>Evolve our platform:</strong><span style="font-weight: 400;"> You’ll partner with other data engineers and platform engineers to improve how we work&nbsp;</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><strong>Maintain data integrity:</strong><span style="font-weight: 400;"> You’ll ensure our data governance and privacy policies are implemented and enforced across the tens of terabytes of data flowing through our systems daily</span></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>What you’ll bring:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><strong>Experience:</strong><span style="font-weight: 400;"> At a minimum, 4 years of professional experience in data engineering</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><strong>Technical skills:</strong><span style="font-weight: 400;"> Proficiency in SQL and Python, and an eagerness to integrate AI into data engineering workflows to help us scale</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><strong>Data modeling:</strong><em><span style="font-weight: 400;"> </span></em><span style="font-weight: 400;">Experience mapping complex business processes into extensible, analytical data models. You have a clear vision for long-term architecture but prefer an incremental approach that delivers immediate value while allowing our models to evolve.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><strong>Strong software engineering fundamentals:</strong><span style="font-weight: 400;"> You build modular, reusable code and efficient logic that remains performant when processing data at our scale</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><strong>Self directed execution:</strong><span style="font-weight: 400;"> You are comfortable taking a high level goal and turning it into a plan. You have a track record of owning projects from start to finish, managing your own blockers, and keeping your team in the loop.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><strong>Collaborative spirit:</strong><span style="font-weight: 400;"> You possess strong communication skills and the ability to work effectively with a distributed team across different time zones.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Our team requires skills in a variety of domains. You should have proficiency in one or more of the areas listed below, and be interested in learning about the others:</span></li>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">A track record of recommending and implementing new data collection methods to improve data model quality</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">You have used data to answer specific questions and guide company decisions.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">You have experience with cloud distributed systems (we use GCP) including distributed databases, message queues or batch / stream processing</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">You ensure data is safe to depend on through smart orchestration, error handling, and idempotency</span></li>
</ul>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Commitment to our values:</span></li>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Welcoming differences</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Being relationship-minded</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Practicing responsible participation</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Having grit</span></li>
</ul>
</ul>
<p><strong>What you’ll get:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Generous performance-based bonus plans to all eligible employees - we share in our success as one team</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Rich medical, dental, and vision coverage</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Generous retirement contributions with 100% immediate vesting (regardless of whether you contribute)</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Quarterly all-company wellness days where everyone takes a pause together</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Country specific holidays plus a day off for your birthday</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">One-time home office stipend</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Annual professional development budget</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Quarterly well-being stipend</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Considerable paid parental leave</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Employee referral bonus program</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Other benefits (life/AD&amp;D, disability, EAP, etc. - varies by country)</span></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>About Mozilla&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>Mozilla exists to build the Internet as a public resource accessible to all because we believe that open and free is better than closed and controlled. When you work at Mozilla, you give yourself a chance to make a difference in the lives of Web users everywhere. And you give us a chance to make a difference in your life every single day. Join us to work on the Web as the platform and help create more opportunity and innovation for everyone online.</p>
<p><strong>Commitment to diversity, equity, inclusion, and belonging</strong></p>
<p>Mozilla understands that valuing diverse creative practices and forms of knowledge are crucial to and enrich the company’s core mission.&nbsp; We encourage applications from everyone, including members of all equity-seeking communities, such as (but certainly not limited to) women, racialized and Indigenous persons, persons with disabilities, persons of all sexual orientation<span style="color: #003366;">s, </span>gender identities, and expressions.</p>
<p>We will ensure that qualified individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodations to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment, as appropriate. Please contact us at <a class="external-link" href="mailto:hiringaccommodation@mozilla.com">hiringaccommodation@mozilla.com</a> to request accommodation.</p>
<p>We are an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race (including hairstyle and texture), religion (including religious grooming and dress practices), gender, gender identity, gender expression, color, national origin, pregnancy, ancestry, domestic partner status, disability, sexual orientation, age, genetic predisposition, medical condition, marital status, citizenship status, military or veteran status, or any other basis covered by applicable laws.&nbsp; Mozilla will not tolerate discrimination or harassment based on any of these characteristics or any other unlawful behavior, conduct, or purpose.</p>
<p>Group: D</p>
<p>#LI-DNI</p>
<p>Req ID: R3080</p>
</div>
</div>