<h2><strong>About the Opportunity</strong></h2>
<p><strong>Join Contentful as a Full Stack Software Engineer (f/m/d) and Innovate with Automations, Workflows, and Collaboration Tools.</strong></p>
<p>Become a part of the innovative team at Contentful, where we empower thousands of customers to manage content at scale. We're seeking talented Full Stack Software Engineers who are passionate about building scalable, high-performance applications using modern technologies. If you're excited about pushing the boundaries of what's possible in the domain of Automations, Workflows, and team collaboration within the Contentful ecosystem — and have experience with TypeScript, React, and <a href="http://node.js">Node.js</a> — we'd love to have you on our team.</p>
<h2><strong>What to expect?&nbsp;</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li><strong>Collaborate and Innovate</strong>: Work closely with product managers, designers, and other engineers to build best-in-class automation, workflow, and collaboration features for our customers.</li>
<li><strong>Full Stack Development</strong>: Design, develop, and maintain scalable frontend and backend features using TypeScript, React, and Node.js.</li>
<li><strong>Collaboration Tools Integration</strong>: Implement and integrate collaboration technologies to enhance team productivity and improve user experiences across the platform.</li>
<li><strong>Holistic Thinking</strong>: Consider components and systems while considering a holistic user experience.</li>
<li><strong>Rapid Problem-Solving</strong>: Quickly fix bugs and solve problems to enhance customer satisfaction.</li>
<li><strong>Data-Driven Development</strong>: Utilize analytics to inform product decisions and improve features.</li>
<li><strong>Continuous Improvement</strong>: Participate in code reviews and contribute to improving our development processes.</li>
<li><strong>Stay Current</strong>: Keep up-to-date with the latest industry trends especially in the domain of automations, workflows, and collaboration tools.</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>What you need to be successful?</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li><strong>Proven Experience</strong>: Demonstrable experience as a Full Stack Software Engineer in a product development environment.</li>
<li><strong>Technical Proficiency</strong>: Strong skills in TypeScript, React, and Node.js. Interested in clean code practices and familiarity with enterprise architectural design patterns.</li>
<li><strong>Containerization and Orchestration</strong>: Experience with Docker and Kubernetes.</li>
<li><strong>Cloud Services Familiarity</strong>: Knowledge of cloud platforms like AWS, Azure, or GCP.</li>
<li><strong>Problem-Solving Skills</strong>: Natural problem-solver who brings forward ideas leading to practical solutions and product growth.</li>
<li><strong>Collaborative Mindset</strong>: Excellent communication skills and the ability to work effectively in a team environment.</li>
<li><strong>Adaptability</strong>: Ability to organize and prioritize competing workloads in a fast-paced environment.</li>
</ul>
<p>Preferred:</p>
<ul>
<li><strong>DevOps Practices</strong>: Understanding of CI/CD pipelines and DevOps methodologies.</li>
<li><strong>Past Project Experience</strong>: Previous experience working with automation engines and/or building collaboration features and team workflow tools highly appreciated but not required.</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>What’s in it for you?</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Join an ambitious tech company reshaping the way people build digital experiences</li>
<li>Full-time employees receive Stock Options for the opportunity to share in the success of our company</li>
<li>Fertility and family building benefits, including a lifetime reimbursable wallet to support your growing family.</li>
<li>We value<strong> Work-Life balance </strong>and<strong> You Time</strong>!<strong> </strong>A generous amount of paid time off, including vacation days, sick days,&nbsp; education days, compassion days for loss, and volunteer days</li>
<li>Time off to care for and focus on your growing family&nbsp;</li>
<li>Use your personal annual education budget to improve your skills and grow in your career</li>
<li>Enjoy a full range of virtual and in-person events, including workshops, guest speakers, and fun team activities, supporting learning and networking exchange beyond the usual work duties&nbsp;</li>
<li>An annual wellbeing stipend to care for your physical, financial, or emotional health</li>
<li>A monthly communication phone/internet stipend and phone hardware upgrade reimbursement.</li>
<li>New hire office equipment stipend for hybrid or distributed employees. Get the gear you need to work at your best.</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><h2><strong>Who are we?</strong></h2>
<p>Contentful is a leading <strong>digital experience platform</strong> that helps modern businesses meet the growing demand for engaging, personalized content at scale. By blending composability with native <strong>AI</strong> capabilities, Contentful enables dynamic personalization, automated content delivery, and real-time experimentation, powering next-generation digital experiences across brands, regions, and channels for more than 4,200 organizations worldwide. More than <strong>700 people</strong> from more than <strong>70 nations</strong> contribute their energy and creativity to Contentful, working from hubs in Berlin, Denver, San Francisco, London, New York, and distributed worldwide.</p>
<h2><strong>Everyone is welcome here!</strong></h2>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;"><strong>“Everyone is welcome here”</strong> is a celebrated component of our culture. At Contentful, we strive to create an inclusive environment that empowers our employees. We believe that our products and services benefit from our diverse backgrounds and experiences, and we are proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applications will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, age, physical [dis]ability, or length of time spent unemployed. We invite you to apply and join us!</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">If you need reasonable accommodations at any point during the application or interview process, please let your recruiting coordinator know.</span></p>
<p class="p1"><span style="color: #3e3e3e;"><em>Please be aware of scammers who may fraudulently allege to be from Contentful. These types of fraud can be carried out through copycat websites, fake email addresses claiming to be from our company, or social media. We do not ask for your personal information, such as bank account numbers, identification numbers, etc, through social media or chat-based apps, nor do we request or send money for the purchase of business equipment. If you suspect fraud, please report it to your local authorities, as well as reach out to us at <a href="mailto:security-esk@contentful.com" target="\_blank">security-esk@contentful.com</a> </em></span><span style="color: #3e3e3e;"><em>with any information you may have.</em></span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">By clicking “Apply for this job,” I acknowledge that I have read the “</span><a href="https://www.contentful.com/legal/us/privacy-notice-to-candidates/privacy/" target="\_blank"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Contentful’s Candidate Privacy Notice</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">” and hereby consent to the collection, processing, use, and storage of my personal information as described therein.</span></p></div>