<p><strong>About the Talent Acquisition team</strong></p>
<p>Are you considering a career in Talent Acquisition or human resources? Are you looking for a people focused role that will allow you to make an impact from day one? Join our Talent Acquisition team and learn the fundamentals of recruitment. From talent attraction and marketing, candidate assessment and interviewing, to logistics and planning – you’ll gain the skills and experience to become a Talent Acquisition Associate one year from joining us, and on a path to become a Talent Acquisition Manager.</p>
<p>Our Talent Acquisition team brings a high level of excitement and commitment to excellence to work as we endeavor to recruit top talent to join our&nbsp;<a href="https://www.alphasights.com/careers/client-service/" target="\_blank">Associate Programme</a>&nbsp;on the Client Service team. You’ll work alongside driven, results oriented individuals who are dedicated to growing our firm, improving ourselves, supporting one another, and celebrating wins.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>About this role&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>Our Talent Acquisition Coordinator position gives you the opportunity to have a large impact on our firm’s growth, as you learn to identify and select our largest asset: our people. While there is no typical day on the team, you’ll have exposure to a variety of areas, including:&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li><strong>Candidate Experience:&nbsp;</strong>Act as a brand ambassador for our firm and be the first point of contact to help thousands of candidates understand why AlphaSights is a great place to work; manage candidate communications and help guide them through the interview process from application to hire.</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li><strong>Candidate Assessment:</strong>&nbsp;Help us spot the next generation of Client Service talent. You’ll review resumes, assess applications, and conduct first screening calls — making quick, high-impact decisions that shape our team from day one.<span class="Apple-converted-space">&nbsp;</span></li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li><strong>Coordination &amp; Operations:</strong> Master the fundamentals that drive our high volume recruitment efforts by scheduling interviews, managing job postings, processing reimbursements and sending offer letters. Working closely with our hiring managers and stakeholders, you’ll help support every step of the recruiting process.&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li><strong>Pipeline Generation &amp; Management:&nbsp;</strong>Be responsible for generating and managing a high quality and active pipeline of candidates; proactively source candidates by leveraging different channels (e.g. Linkedin); use creative approaches to outreach and engage with high potential candidates with the goal of converting them into hires.</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li><strong>Campus Recruitment:&nbsp;</strong>Support your colleagues in managing applications and candidate communication related to on-campus recruiting initiatives. Manage our campus recruiting logistics, organize events, ship materials, book travel, and troubleshoot real-time issues; support the team on developing and executing talent attraction and employer branding activities such as marketing campaigns, in-office events etc.&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li><strong>Recruiting Initiatives &amp; Special Projects:</strong>&nbsp;As a member of a scaling team, you’ll have exposure to how we develop and implement recruiting initiatives so that you can implement your own strategies over time. You’ll learn how to develop and execute talent attraction and employer branding activities such as marketing campaigns, in-office events, and diversity and inclusion efforts.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>The Programme</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><strong>Years 0-1:&nbsp;</strong>Following a training programme, you’ll begin your journey with AlphaSights as a&nbsp;<strong>Talent Acquisition</strong><strong>&nbsp;Coordinator</strong>, focused on the fundamentals of recruiting.</li>
<li><strong>Years 2-4:&nbsp;</strong>Those who master the Coordinator role will have the opportunity to become a&nbsp;<strong>Talent Acquisition</strong><strong>&nbsp;Associate</strong>, responsible for the development and execution of strategies to attract top-tier talent from universities globally. You’ll have early leadership and mentorship opportunities as you begin to train and guide new joiners to our team.&nbsp;</li>
<li><strong>Years 4+:&nbsp;</strong>As a&nbsp;<strong>Senior Talent Acquisition Associate &amp;</strong>&nbsp;<strong>Talent Acquisition</strong><strong>&nbsp;Manager</strong>&nbsp;you’ll lead and develop teammates and own key recruitment results. Successful managers have the opportunity for further levels of firm leadership.&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Who you are:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>You hold&nbsp;a Bachelor’s degree with <strong>strong academic credentials</strong>.</li>
<li>0-1 years work experience, with a <strong>demonstrated interest or background in recruitment or human capital</strong>.</li>
<li><strong>Highly driven and proactive&nbsp;</strong>– you have excellent planning and organisational skills, can meet tight deadlines, and prioritise your workload in a fast-paced environment.</li>
<li><strong>Effective communicator&nbsp;</strong>– you demonstrate strong verbal and written communication that confidently, clearly, and convincingly conveys your message to candidates, hiring managers, and other teams.</li>
<li><strong>Meticulous&nbsp;</strong>– you hold yourself to high standards, have obsessive attention to detail, and take a methodical approach to work.</li>
<li><strong>Adaptable mindset</strong> – you are open to iterating your approach to recruiting and adapting flexibility to challenges that arise, to achieve the ultimate goal of bringing top talent on board</li>
<li>Fluency in English is required.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Compensation and benefits</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>168,000 AED per annum</li>
<li>Comprehensive private health and dental insurance coverage.</li>
<li>25 vacation days in addition to all UAE national holidays.</li>
<li>1 round-trip flight ticket home per annum.</li>
<li>State-of-the-art office with amenities in the heart of Dubai; option to WFH each Friday.</li>
<li>A fast-paced, high-performance environment with an unwavering commitment to provide a strong candidate experience&nbsp;</li>
<li>A team-oriented, strong supportive culture that emphasises professional development and celebrating success</li>
</ul>
<p>AlphaSights is an equal opportunity employer.<br><br><strong>#LI-DNI</strong></p>