<div class="content-intro"><div>firsthand supports individuals living with SMI (serious mental illness). Our holistic approach includes a team of peer recovery specialists, benefits specialists and clinicians. Our teams focus on meeting each individual where they are and walking with them side by side as a trusted guide and partner on their journey to better health.</div>
<div>&nbsp;</div>
<div>firsthand's team members use their lived experience to build trust with these individuals and support them in reconnecting to the healthcare they need, while minimizing inappropriate healthcare utilization. Together with our health plan partners, we are changing the way our society supports those most impacted by SMI.</div>
<div>&nbsp;</div>
<div>We are cultivating a team of deeply passionate problem-solvers to tackle significant and complex healthcare challenges with us. This is more than a job—it's a calling. Every day, you will engage in work that resonates with purpose, gain wisdom from motivated colleagues, and thrive in an environment that celebrates continuous learning, creativity, and fun.</div>
<div>&nbsp;</div></div><p>We named our company firsthand because we believe that lived, or “firsthand,” experience is invaluable for gaining trust and building meaningful relationships. While we are listing this role externally as Peer Recovery Specialist—a widely recognized term—internally we refer to this important role as <strong>firsthand Guide (fG), or a Core Guide. </strong>In our peer-led model, fGs play a critical role in outreach and engagement, supporting individuals living with SMI to achieve and maintain both behavioral and physical wellness. Trust is at the heart of everything we do, and fGs are uniquely empowered to connect with people who have disengaged from—or never accessed—the services and supports that can improve their quality of life. This role carries the expertise of a Peer Recovery Specialist, but with our distinctive approach and mission woven into every interaction.</p>
<p>The Core Guide partners closely with other members of the firsthand Care Team to drive whole health wellness. This includes working closely with clinicians and other support team members to ensure individuals get the support they need. fGs act as the point of contact for individuals, helping them schedule appointments, advocate for their needs and set and achieve goals.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<h3><strong>As a Core Guide, you will:</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Conduct community outreach to individuals with SMI in homes, community locations, and care settings like shelters, hospitals, and emergency departments</li>
<li>Support individuals health needs by scheduling appointments, taking vitals, ensuring clinical visits are attended and completed, and assisting with telehealth access</li>
<li>Build trust and relationships by addressing immediate needs and empowering individuals to identify and pursue personal recovery goals</li>
<li>Serve as the primary point-of-contact, using advanced engagement techniques to facilitate ongoing connection and engagement in supportive services</li>
<li>Help&nbsp; address social determinants of health, facilitating access to benefits, resources, and transportation</li>
<li>Assist with care coordination, advocating for individual goals, accompanying individuals to appointments, and addressing post-discharge needs</li>
<li>Provide timely and thorough documentation of encounters and participate in case reviews and team collaboration</li>
<li>Perform initial and ongoing telephonic outreach</li>
<li>Participate in ongoing training and professional development</li>
<li>Understand that as firsthand learns and grows, your role will constantly evolve. This job description represents many key elements of this role, but they are subject to change</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<h3><strong>Core Guides should have:</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Empathy, compassion, and approachability&nbsp;</li>
<li>Excellent listening, communication, and interpersonal skills</li>
<li>Personal knowledge of recovery</li>
<li>Patience, persistence and a desire to help individuals experiencing SMI <strong>and/or</strong> SUD on their wellness journey</li>
<li>Comfort working collaboratively within multidisciplinary team</li>
<li>Basic proficiency with smartphone and computer technology&nbsp;</li>
<li>Openness to receiving feedback and a commitment to professional growth</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<h3><strong>The required experience you bring to this role includes:</strong></h3>
<p><br><strong>Lived experience with SMI and/or SUD</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>State Peer Recovery certification, or eligibility and willingness to obtain certification within six (6) months of employment</li>
<li>Valid driver’s license in good standing, with the ability to operate a vehicle (company vehicle may be provided) and eligibility to drive under the company’s insurance policy</li>
<li>Demonstrated proficiency with technical tools like email, messaging services, and apps</li>
<li>Two (2) years demonstrated recovery time from a mental health and/or substance abuse disorder at the date of application</li>
<li>Team members will complete a paid training period prior to serving individuals and must pass assessments to move forward.&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<h3><strong>Bonus points for:</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Experience with direct in-person outreach and engagement for individuals with SMI and SUD</li>
<li>Expertise in recovery education and coaching</li>
<li>Understanding of whole health and trauma-informed approaches to peer support</li>
<li>Familiarity with local community resources, behavioral health systems, and the criminal justice system (e.g., mental health and drug courts)</li>
<li>Eagerness to expand knowledge about a broad range of health conditions</li>
<li>Interest in gaining a Community Health Worker (CHW) Credential after hire, or already holds one</li>
</ul><div class="content-pay-transparency"><div class="pay-input"><div class="title">Hourly Pay Rate:</div><div class="pay-range"><span>$22</span><span class="divider">&mdash;</span><span>$22 USD</span></div></div></div><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>We firmly believe that great candidates for this role may not meet 100% of the criteria listed in this posting. We encourage you to apply anyway - we look forward to begin getting to know you.</strong></p>
<p><strong>Benefits<br></strong>For full-time employees, our compensation package includes base, equity (or a special incentive program for clinical roles) and performance bonus potential. Our benefits include physical and mental health, dental, vision, 401(k) with a match, 16 weeks parental leave for either parent, 15 days/year vacation in your first year (this increases to 20 days/year in your second year and beyond), and a supportive and inclusive culture.</p>
<div><strong>Vaccination Policy</strong></div>
<div>Employment with firsthand is contingent upon attesting to medical clearance requirements, which include, but may not be limited to: evidence of vaccination for/immunity to COVID-19, Hepatitis B, Influenza, MMR, Chickenpox, Tetanus and Diphtheria. All employees of firsthand are required to receive these vaccinations on a cadence/frequency as advised by the CDC, whereas not otherwise prohibited by state law.</div>
<div>New hires may submit for consideration a request to be exempted from these requirements (based on a valid religious or medical reason) via forms provided by firsthand. Such requests will be subject to review and approval by the Company, and exemptions will be granted only if the Company can provide a reasonable accommodation in relation to the requested exemption. Note that approvals for reasonable accommodations are reviewed and approved on a case-by-case basis and availability of a reasonable accommodation is not guaranteed.</div>
<div>&nbsp;</div>
<div><em>Unfortunately, we are not able to offer sponsorship at this time.</em></div>
<div>&nbsp;</div>
<div><em>firsthand Health will only contact candidates from email addresses ending in <strong>@</strong><strong><a href="http://firsthandcares.com" target="\_blank">firsthandcares.com</a></strong>. Any communication from another domain claiming to represent firsthand is fraudulent. We will never ask for payment or sensitive financial information during the hiring process. If you receive suspicious outreach, please do not respond.</em></div>
<p>&nbsp;</p></div>