<p>The Storage Engines team is building WiredTiger, a cutting-edge open-source storage engine. WiredTiger employs modern hardware architectures and software algorithms to achieve extraordinary performance for the most intricate applications. This team’s role is to maintain a pluggable protocol for MongoDB storage engines, and provide a comprehensive framework for managing concurrent, transactional access to data stored within a MongoDB database instance.</p>
<p>Our team champions a strong culture of inclusivity, diversity, and collaboration. As a team member, you will contribute to crafting and maintaining the nexus of the different server components, connecting its query system and distributed replication system to its underlying storage engines. Ongoing work includes improvements to our transaction management, scaling the code base, and improving resilience and availability for the server.</p>
<p>We are looking to speak to candidates who are based in Sydney for our hybrid working model.</p>
<h3>Candidate Profile</h3>
<ul>
<li>You have strong computer science knowledge and at least 2 years of server-side C or C++ development experience. Professional or advanced academic expertise in the domains of distributed systems and databases is preferable, but not strongly required</li>
<li>You are enthusiastic about designing, writing, testing, and debugging maintainable software. You strive for well thought out solutions instead of quick fixes</li>
<li>You have excellent technical communication skills, which you use to collaborate with colleagues. You manage your time effectively, make realistic assessments of project complexity, and respect others who do the same</li>
<li>You are friendly, sociable, and eager to establish relationships with your team members. You believe there is more provided value working as a team than in the sum of individual contributions, and that everyone is accountable for a quality product</li>
<li>You are willing, able, and motivated to quickly learn new things. You are not afraid to admit you don’t know something or to ask for help</li>
<li>You are curious about how people and organisations use MongoDB, and how MongoDB could be improved to enable more use cases</li>
</ul>
<h3>Position Expectations</h3>
<ul>
<li>Understand and improve the current functionality of WiredTiger</li>
<li>Identify, design, implement, test, and support new features in MongoDB</li>
<li>Work with other engineers to coordinate seamless changes in a feature-rich, large codebase</li>
<li>Estimate task complexity and report progress and risks to peers and managers</li>
<li>Fix code defects and work with support to diagnose and remediate customer issues</li>
<li>Adapt and adhere to the team norms and the company<a href="https://www.mongodb.com/company#core-values"> core values</a></li>
</ul>
<h3>Success Measures</h3>
<ul>
<li>In the first month, you will understand the high-level architecture of WiredTiger</li>
<li>In three months, you will tackle code review responsibilities and will diagnose and fix a few customer or testing-reported issues</li>
<li>In six months, you will contribute to the development of a project slated for the next major release of MongoDB and participate in the design review for new features</li>
<li>In twelve months, you are leading the development of a new feature and are helping to mentor new engineers on the team</li>
</ul>
<h3>About MongoDB</h3>
<p>MongoDB is built for change, empowering our customers and our people to innovate at the speed of the market. We have redefined the database for the AI era, enabling innovators to create, transform, and disrupt industries with software. MongoDB’s unified database platform—the most widely available, globally distributed database on the market—helps organizations modernize legacy workloads, embrace innovation, and unleash AI. Our cloud-native platform, MongoDB Atlas, is the only globally distributed, multi-cloud database and is available across AWS, Google Cloud, and Microsoft Azure.</p>
<p>With offices worldwide and nearly 60,000 customers—including 75% of the Fortune 100 and AI-native startups—relying on MongoDB for their most important applications, we’re powering the next era of software.</p>
<p>Our compass at MongoDB is our Leadership Commitment, guiding how and why we make decisions, show up for each other, and win. It’s what makes us MongoDB.&nbsp;</p>
<p>To drive the personal growth and business impact of our employees, we’re committed to developing a supportive and enriching culture for everyone. From employee affinity groups, to fertility assistance and a generous parental leave policy, we value our employees’ wellbeing and want to support them along every step of their professional and personal journeys. Learn more about what it’s like to work at MongoDB, and help us make an impact on the world!</p>
<p>MongoDB is committed to providing any necessary accommodations for individuals with disabilities within our application and interview process. To request an accommodation due to a disability, please inform your recruiter.</p>
<p>MongoDB is an equal opportunities employer.</p>
<table class="fields">
<tbody>
<tr>
<td>Requisition ID</td>
<td data-provides="requisition\_id">1273396628</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>
<p><br><br></p>