<div class="content-intro"><p><strong><em>🚀 We’re on a mission to make money work for everyone.</em></strong></p>
<p>We’re waving goodbye to the complicated and confusing ways of traditional banking.</p>
<p>After starting as a prepaid card, our product offering has grown a lot in the last 10 years in the UK. As well as&nbsp;<a href="https://monzo.com/current-account/personal">personal</a> and <a href="https://monzo.com/business-banking">business</a> bank accounts, we offer <a href="https://monzo.com/current-account/joint-account">joint accounts</a>, <a href="https://monzo.com/current-account/16-17">accounts for 16-17 year olds</a>, a <a href="https://monzo.com/current-account/under-16s">free kids account</a> and <a href="https://monzo.com/flex">credit cards</a> in the UK, with more exciting things to come beyond. Our UK customers can also <a href="https://monzo.com/savings">save</a>, <a href="https://monzo.com/investments">invest </a>and&nbsp;<a href="https://monzo.com/pensions">combine their pensions</a> with us.&nbsp;</p>
<p>With our hot coral cards and get-paid-early feature, combined with financial education on social media and our award winning customer service, we have a long history of creating magical moments for our customers!</p>
<p>We’re not about selling products - we want to solve problems and change lives through Monzo ❤️</p>
<hr>
<p>&nbsp;</p></div><p>📍London, Cardiff or UK Remote | 💰£47,600 - £60,200 + Incentive Awards tied to your performance + <a href="https://monzo.com/careers/">Benefits</a>&nbsp; ✨</p>
<p><strong>⭐ Our QA Team…</strong></p>
<p>Quality Assurance is part of our Customer Operations Shared Services and is one of our key controls to not only protect the bank from poor customer outcomes, but also to ensure that we are providing exceptional service to our customers and achieve our mission of making money work for everyone.</p>
<p><strong>🔑 You’ll play a key role by...</strong></p>
<p>As an <strong>Operations Manager</strong>, you'll be a key leader in Monzo's QA operation, ensuring our team have the tools, skills and support required to deliver assurance checks against scorecard requirements. . You'll guide your managers and their teams to success, ensuring service excellence is delivered consistently.</p>
<ul>
<li><strong>Leading and Developing Leaders:</strong> Coach and support a team of 4/5 Team Managers, empowering them to bring out the best in their own teams and build future leaders. Coach and support.&nbsp;</li>
<li><strong>Strategic QA Modernisation:</strong> Leading the transition from traditional Quality Assurance (compliance-focused) to <strong>QA 2.0 (Outcome Testing)</strong> (consumer duty and outcome-focused).</li>
<li><strong>Driving Operational Decisions:</strong> Working with WFM to make critical, real-time operational decisions.&nbsp;</li>
<li><strong>Owning Performance:</strong> Take full ownership of your operation's performance. You'll keep a close eye on the numbers, spot emerging trends, and drive meaningful improvements. Drive high performance through qualitative and quantitative means.&nbsp;</li>
<li><strong>Championing Your Team:</strong> Advocate for your team's needs, making sure they are engaged, supported, and set up for success every day.</li>
<li><strong>Innovating Processes:</strong> Drive operational excellence by proactively reviewing processes, tools, and ways of working to make everything slicker and smarter while transitioning to QA 2.0</li>
<li><strong>Collaborating Across Monzo:</strong> Partner with key stakeholders across the bank, including Customer Operations in delivering outstanding quality.</li>
<li><strong>Leading Through Change:</strong> Help your teams stay focused and resilient in Monzo's fast-moving, ever-evolving environment.</li>
<li><strong>Outsourcers: </strong>Supporting the above in relation to our Global Operations.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>🤩 We’d love to hear from you if…</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><strong>Leader of Leaders:</strong> Proven track record in managing, coaching, and scaling high-performing leadership teams in fast-paced, customer-centric environments.</li>
<li><strong>Performance Culture:</strong> Expertise in performance management frameworks that drive accountability while maintaining high morale and engagement.</li>
<li><strong>Dynamic Adaptability:</strong> Ability to thrive in high-energy, ambiguous settings, viewing complex challenges as opportunities for innovation and growth.</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li><strong>Systems Thinking:</strong> Deep understanding of organisational workflows, from demand-based scheduling to maximizing total output and throughput.</li>
<li><strong>Operational Drive:</strong> An "operational first" mindset with the ability to identify bottlenecks and implement lean, efficient processes that scale.</li>
<li><strong>Resource Optimisation:</strong> Skilled in balancing operational efficiency with service quality to ensure peak performance without burnout.</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li><strong>Change Management:</strong> Proven ability to transition teams through structural shifts, ensuring buy-in and alignment during the move from legacy QA to modern, data-integrated quality models.</li>
<li><strong>Outcome-Driven Quality:</strong> Ability to redefine quality success metrics to align directly with customer satisfaction and business impact.</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li><strong>Inclusive Leadership:</strong> A deep-seated commitment to Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion , ensuring these values are woven into the fabric of the team’s daily operations.</li>
<li><strong>Holistic Wellbeing:</strong> A proactive approach to team wellbeing, recognizing that sustainable high performance is built on a foundation of psychological safety and support.</li>
<li><strong>Talent Incubation:</strong> Passionate about mentorship and professional development, helping managers unlock the full potential of their individual contributors.</li>
</ul>
<p>Not ticking every box? That’s totally okay! Studies show that women and people of colour might hesitate to apply unless they meet every single requirement. At Monzo, we’re dedicated to creating a diverse and welcoming team. If you’re passionate about this role and keen to learn and grow with us, we encourage you to apply— even if you don’t have everything that's listed just yet. Drop us your application, we’d love to hear from you!</p>
<p><strong>🙌 What’s in it for you</strong></p>
<p>💰£47,600 - £60,200 + Incentive Awards tied to your performance + <a href="https://monzo.com/careers/">Benefits</a>&nbsp; ✨</p>
<p>⏰ We offer flexible working hours and trust you to work enough hours to do your job well, and at times that suit you and your team.&nbsp;</p>
<p>📚 £1,000 learning budget each year to use on books, training courses and conferences.</p>
<p>🏡 We will set you up to work from home; all employees are given Macbooks and for fully remote workers we will provide extra support for your work-from-home setup.&nbsp;</p>
<p>➕ Plus lots more!<a href="https://monzo.com/careers/"> Read our full list of benefits</a>.</p>
<p><strong>🌈 The application journey has 3 key steps:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><strong>Recruiter video call&nbsp;</strong></li>
<li><strong>1 hour role specific interview</strong></li>
<li><strong>1 hour values interview&nbsp;</strong></li>
</ul>
<p>Applications close on<strong> Thursday 7th May 2026 at 5pm.</strong></p>
<p>This process should take around 2-3 weeks - your schedule is really important to us, so we promise to be as flexible as possible!&nbsp;</p>
<p>We have some guidelines on using Artificial Intelligence (AI) to ace an application and interview at Monzo.<a href="https://monzo.com/blog/the-ultimate-guide-on-using-ai-to-ace-an-interview-at-monzo"> You can read them here.</a></p>
<p>Due to the forecasted popularity of this role, we will close this role once we have enough applications for the next stage. Please submit your application as soon as possible to make sure you don’t miss out. <br><br>#LI-REMOTE #LI-SB</p><div class="content-conclusion"><hr>
<p><strong>Equal opportunities for everyone</strong></p>
<p>Diversity and inclusion are a priority for us and we’re making sure we have lots of support for all of our people to grow at Monzo. At Monzo, we’re embracing diversity by fostering an inclusive environment for all people to do the best work of their lives with us. This is integral to our mission of making money work for everyone. You can read more in our <a href="https://monzo.com/blog/diversity-and-inclusion">blog</a>, 2024 <a href="https://monzo.com/blog/our-2024-diversity-and-inclusion-report" target="\_blank">Diversity and Inclusion Report</a> and 2024 <a href="https://monzo.com/blog/an-update-on-our-gender-pay-gap-2024">Gender Pay Gap Report.</a></p>
<p>We’re an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be considered for employment without attention to age, ethnicity, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, family or parental status, national origin, or veteran, neurodiversity or disability status.</p>
<p>If you have a preferred name, please use it to apply. We don't need full or birth names at application stage 😊</p></div>