<div class="content-intro"><h2>🚀 Build the future of employee leave</h2>
<p>We’re bringing much needed simplicity to the complex world of employee leave. Today, the process is needlessly complex: going on leave (be it parental, medical, bereavement, or for any other reason) means talking to reps and wading through a mountain of government and insurance claims just to get your time off and income in moments when you're the most stressed and busy. We talked to hundreds of employees and employers who had nightmare stories to tell, so we decided to fix it.</p>
<p>Our mission is to empower every working person to take care of the important things in life when it matters most — removing all of the friction that exists today for both employees and employers — and be the #1 advocate for folks going through the process. It's a really exciting space, and we're moving incredibly fast on both product and user momentum.</p>
<p>Excited about taking the most frustrating processes companies and employees face and making it surprisingly delightful? We'd love to work with you.</p></div><h2>💪🏽 What will you do?</h2>
<p>We're a small but mighty team looking to build out the rest of our engineering org.</p>
<p>As a software engineer, you'll end up working on everything up and down the stack. You'll spend a lot of time talking to customers, figuring out what the product should be, and jamming with the rest of the team on building and iterating. We'll all be wearing many different hats, so you'll work on and learn a ton about areas adjacent to engineering — design, sales, legal, partnerships, and whatever else you're interested in.</p>
<p>And, most importantly, you'll be building this company with us. There's a lot to figure out. We want to work with folks who care deeply about the process of building the right company: from what operating values we should have, building out the rest of the team, decisions about how we should scale, and everything in between.</p>
<p>Our tech stack is Typescript, React and Next.js on the client, GraphQL API, Node.js + Express on the server, Postgres, and AWS.</p>
<h2 id="hrlc5-⚡️-youd-be-a-great-fit-if-you">⚡️ You'd be a great fit if you…</h2>
<ul>
<li>Are an experienced engineer with experience leading large-scope projects.</li>
<li>Previously worked in a fast-paced engineering environment. Ideally, you have experience building complex products or infrastructure end-to-end.</li>
<li>Obsess over the details, whether it’s getting that user-facing flow or code abstraction <em>just</em> right. We take great pride in things that have a high level of craftsmanship, both inside and outside of work.</li>
<li>Know when to “move fast and break things”, and when to slow down and think through all of the details to build something robust and scalable.</li>
<li>Are intellectually curious and enjoy digging into the nuts-and-bolts of how things work.</li>
<li>Debate without animosity or ego. We thrive on thinking from first principles, questioning assumptions, and always pushing to make things better.</li>
<li>Care deeply not just about engineering, but about building the right product and company culture. As a founding team member, you’ll have a huge impact on the company’s story.</li>
</ul>
<div class="c-message\_kit\_\_blocks c-message\_kit\_\_blocks--rich\_text">
<div class="c-message\_\_message\_blocks c-message\_\_message\_blocks--rich\_text" data-qa="message-text">
<div class="p-block\_kit\_renderer" data-qa="block-kit-renderer">
<div class="p-block\_kit\_renderer\_\_block\_wrapper p-block\_kit\_renderer\_\_block\_wrapper--first">
<div class="p-rich\_text\_block">
<h2 class="p-rich\_text\_section">🎁 Some benefits you can expect as a part of the Cocoon team:</h2>
<ul class="p-rich\_text\_list p-rich\_text\_list\_\_bullet" data-stringify-type="unordered-list" data-indent="0" data-border="0">
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">Competitive salary and equity</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">Medical, Dental, and Vision insurance coverage</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">Unlimited vacation and sick time</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">Professional development budget</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">Office setup and wellness stipends</li>
<li>14 weeks of paid parental leave</li>
<li>4 weeks of each paid medical and caregiver leave</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">4 weeks of flexible, paid&nbsp;<a class="c-link c-link--focus-visible" href="https://www.meetcocoon.com/blog/introducing-cocoons-compassionate-leave-policy" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://www.meetcocoon.com/blog/introducing-cocoons-compassionate-leave-policy" data-sk="tooltip\_parent" data-remove-tab-index="true">compassionate leave</a></li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">Company sponsored offsites &amp; more!</li>
</ul>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section">The salary for this role is $170,000 and equity is part of the total package.</div>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section">&nbsp;</div>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section"><em data-stringify-type="italic">At Cocoon, we believe that diversity, equity, inclusion, and belonging (DEIB) serve as the foundation for a successful team, product, and community. We’re committed to building a company where everyone can bring their authentic selves to work and be set up for success. Creating a diverse, equitable, and inclusive workforce requires ongoing effort and attention. We are committed to cultivating space for feedback and expanding our understanding of DEIB as our community grows.</em></div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<p>Cocoon is aware of fraudulent job offers circulating online from individuals impersonating our company. All legitimate openings are posted on <a href="https://www.cocoon.com/careers">Cocoon - Careers</a>. We will never request payment, gift cards, or sensitive financial information at any stage of our hiring process. Official recruiter communications will only come from <a href="mailto:maddi@cocoon.com">maddi@cocoon.com</a> or <a href="mailto:no-reply@us.greenhouse-mail.io">no-reply@us.greenhouse-mail.io</a> email addresses.&nbsp;</p>