<div class="content-intro"><p>Fastly helps people stay better connected with the things they love. Fastly’s edge cloud platform enables customers to create great digital experiences quickly, securely, and reliably by processing, serving, and securing our customers’ applications as close to their end-users as possible — at the edge of the Internet. The platform is designed to take advantage of the modern internet, to be programmable, and to support agile software development. Fastly’s customers include many of the world’s most prominent companies, including GitHub, Yelp, Paramount, and JetBlue.</p>
<p>We're building a more trustworthy Internet. Come join us.</p></div><h2>Cloud Engineer</h2>
<p>Our customers are interested in optimizing their product delivery, global footprint, and user experience using the Fastly platform. You will be on the front lines of this adoption. Internally we title this role as a Fastly Cloud Engineer (CE) within the Fastly Revenue Organization. As a trusted customer advocate, the CE will help organizations understand various technologies such as Edge Computing and CDN architectures, as well as assisting them on efficiently migrating existing workload to Fastly, all while linking technology with measurable business value. You should be able to demonstrate technical ownership across assigned strategic customer accounts, bringing emotional intelligence and clear communication to all interactions and audiences (both technical and non-technical). With your technical expertise, you should act as a problem solver, identifying challenges and advocating solutions.&nbsp;</p>
<p>At Fastly, we are looking for individuals who are passionate about technology and have an ongoing drive and capability to absorb and retain vast amounts of deep technical information.</p>
<h3>What you’ll do</h3>
<ul>
<li>As the resident Fastly architect for your customer, you are an extension of the customer’s technical team, and represent and champion the customers needs within Fastly</li>
<li>Develop technical relationships with customers to build a deep understanding of their team, infrastructure, plans, and problems they are encountering</li>
<li>Post sales implementation of Fastly products, such as logging endpoints, image optimization and VCL coding while documenting key aspects of the customer’s configuration for troubleshooting and engagement</li>
<li>Investigate and recommend improvements to customers implementation and utilization of Fastly’s technology stack</li>
<li>Look for opportunities to introduce new Fastly products that compliment the customer’s needs</li>
<li>Partner internally to create customer strategies and assist in support requests or problems for assigned customers</li>
<li>Participate in regularly scheduled customer meetings on-site and by video/phone as necessary, including cadence calls and Quarterly Business Review meetings</li>
<li>Responsible for tracking and reporting on the health of your customer accounts, providing regular updates to Client Services leadership</li>
</ul>
<h3>What we’re looking for</h3>
<ul>
<li>5 + years Pre-Sales or Post-Sales experience in Sales Engineering, Web Development, Customer facing DevOps Engineer, Technical Account Management, or Solutions Architect</li>
<li>This is a hands on role, you must be willing to roll your sleeves hop on the keyboard and tackle customer issues and requests</li>
<li>Understanding of networking, including, BGP, internet routing, and the difference between transit and peering</li>
<li>Understanding of HTTP/s, TCP, TLS, DNS, HLS, DASH, Load Balancing, Apache, NGINX</li>
<li>Hands-on experience with Linux and scripting languages/tools such as (Python, Sed, Awk, Perl, JSON, Ruby, GO, Node.js)</li>
<li>Experience with internet and cloud based architecture as well as an understanding of bare metal deployments as well as cloud environments such as AWS, Azure, and GCP</li>
<li>Empathy and understanding of the customer</li>
<li>Possess a comfort level with presenting and leading customer presentations and training</li>
<li>Strong interpersonal, communication and feedback (writing and verbal), critical thinking &amp; analytical skills</li>
<li>Able to present technical concepts to various business stakeholders (technical and non-technical). Able to outline deliverables and business impact.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Capable and willing to travel for customer meetings as necessary</li>
<li>While most duties will be performed during normal business hours, there is an occasional requirement for a flexible schedule as necessary based on customer needs</li>
</ul>
<h3>We value a variety of voices, so this is not a laundry list. You’ll be a good candidate if you have experience in SOME of these</h3>
<ul>
<li>Experience with Varnish, Varnish Configuration Language</li>
<li>Streaming video/audio technologies or experience in e-commerce technologies/solutions</li>
<li>Experience in the CDN or cloud computing industries</li>
</ul>
<p>Work Hours: This position will require you to be available during core business hours.</p>
<p>Work Location(s) &amp; Travel Requirements:&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>This is a hybrid role based for our office in Singapore</li>
</ul>
<p>Fastly currently embraces a largely hybrid model for most roles which allows employees flexibility to split their time between the office and home. This position may require travel as required by your role or requested by your manager.</p>
<p>Salary: We anticipate a salary of cSGD $150,000 for this role.<br>This role may be eligible to participate in Fastly’s equity and discretionary bonus programs.</p>
<p>Starting salary may vary based on permissible, non-discriminatory factors such as experience, skills, qualifications, and location.</p>
<p>Benefits:&nbsp;</p>
<p>We care about you. Fastly works hard to create a positive environment for our employees, and we think your life outside of work is important too. We support our teams with great benefits that start on the first day of your employment with Fastly. Curious about our offerings?&nbsp;</p>
<p>We offer a comprehensive benefits package designed to meet your needs. Our offerings may vary depending on the country where you work and are subject to change.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>Why Fastly?</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>
<p><strong>We have a huge impact.</strong>&nbsp;Fastly is a small company with a big reach. Not only do<a class="external-link" href="https://www.fastly.com/customers" target="\_blank">&nbsp;our customers</a>&nbsp;have a tremendous user base, but we also support a growing number of<a class="external-link" href="https://www.fastly.com/open-source/" target="\_blank">&nbsp;open source projects and initiatives</a>.&nbsp;Outside of code, employees are encouraged to share causes close to their heart with others so we can help lend a supportive hand.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p><strong>We value diversity.</strong>&nbsp;Growing and maintaining our inclusive and diverse team matters to us. We are committed to being a company where our employees feel comfortable bringing their authentic selves to work and have the ability to be successful -- every day.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p><strong>We are passionate.</strong>&nbsp;Fastly is chock full of passionate people and we’re not ‘one size fits all’. Fastly employs authors, pilots, skiers, parents (of humans and animals), makeup geeks, coffee connoisseurs, and more. We love employees for who they are and what they are passionate about.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>We’re always looking for humble, sharp, and creative folks to join the Fastly team. If you think you might be a fit please apply!</strong><strong> A fully completed application and resume or CV are required when applying.</strong></p>
<p><em>All job applications must be submitted through our official careers site at </em><a href="http://www.fastly.com/careers"><em>www.fastly.com/about/careers</em></a><em>. We will never request sensitive information, such as your Social Security number, bank account or credit card information during the application process. All official communication will come from an @</em><a href="http://fastly.com"><em>fastly.com</em></a><em> or @</em><a href="http://recruiting.fastly.com"><em>recruiting.fastly.com</em></a><em> email address. </em></p>
<p><em><span style="font-weight: 400;">Fastly is committed to ensuring equal employment opportunity and to providing employees with a safe and welcoming work environment free of discrimination and harassment. Our employment decisions are based on business needs, job requirements and individual qualifications.</span></em><em><span style="font-weight: 400;"> All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, family or parental status, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances.</span></em></p>
<p><em><span style="font-weight: 400;">Consistent with the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) and federal or state disability laws, Fastly will provide reasonable accommodations for applicants and employees with disabilities. If reasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and/or to receive other benefits and privileges of employment, please contact your Recruiter, or the Fastly Employee Relations team at </span></em><a href="mailto:candidateaccommodations@fastly.com"><em><span style="font-weight: 400;">candidateaccommodations@fastly.com</span></em></a><em><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or 501-287-4901.&nbsp; </span></em></p>
<p><em>Fastly collects and processes personal data submitted by job applicants in accordance with our<a class="external-link" href="https://www.fastly.com/privacy" target="\_blank">&nbsp;Privacy Policy</a>. Please see our<a class="external-link" href="https://www.fastly.com/privacy-job-applicants" target="\_blank">&nbsp;privacy notice for job applicants</a>.</em></p></div>