<div class="content-intro"><p>Celonis is the global leader in Process Intelligence and the pioneer of Process Mining technology. As one of the world’s fastest-growing enterprise SaaS companies, we are changemakers pushing the boundaries of what’s possible. We invest heavily in advanced AI capabilities—specifically our Process Intelligence Graph—to turn data insights into immediate business action. We believe there is a massive opportunity to unlock global productivity and sustainability by placing intelligence at the core of every business process. Join our mission to make processes work for people, companies, and the planet.</p></div><p><strong>The Team:</strong></p>
<p>As an Intern in Applied AI Solution Consulting you join our Value Engineering team to focus on driving and closing opportunities by identifying and selling the value Celonis can bring to customers. Our Value Engineers (VE) are the trusted advisor for customers and work on the intersection of technology and business. Value Engineers partner with sales and customers to create compelling solutions to critical business problems leveraging cutting edge (AI) capabilities within our Celonis Process Intelligence Platform. A great VE understands the customer, the technology, and the sales cycle making it what may be the most interesting, challenging, and fulfilling role in enterprise technology sales.</p>
<p><strong>The Role:<br><br></strong>Value Engineers are the trusted advisors for our prospects and customers and leverage product expertise and business acumen to solve our prospects’ and customers’ most pressing challenges.&nbsp;You will gain experience in executing proof of value projects and take part in technical discussions with stakeholders. By creating customer-based business cases, you support the strategic business development activities for the DACH market.</p>
<p><strong>The work you’ll do:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Analyze data from our customers to increase transparency in business processes</li>
<li>Understand the pain points of our customers and translate them into actionable use cases in the Celonis Process Intelligence Platform</li>
<li>Collaborate with customers and partners to uncover their core business challenges and determine how Celonis Process Intelligence can help them achieve their business objectives and AI Strategy.</li>
<li>Quantify financial impact of use cases implemented in the Celonis Process Intelligence Platform and prepare management ready presentations</li>
<li>Present findings together with your team in front of customers’ C-level and decision makers</li>
<li>Leverage Celonis data modeling and AI capabilities to uncover process inefficiencies, generate insights, and deliver high impact, data driven value propositions to clients.</li>
<li>Pitch the Celonis AI value proposition and vision to customers and align our solutions with their AI strategy</li>
<li>Build strong relationships with our customers by winning their trust through technical, product expertise, and business acumen</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>The qualifications you need:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Student of Business Analytics/ Business Informatics / Technology &amp; Management / (Industrial) Engineering / AI/ML / Mathematics or of a comparable program</li>
<li>Strong communicational skills and interest in interacting with potential customers</li>
<li>Confidence to present to C-level executives and larger audiences</li>
<li>Have a passion for technology, data, OpenAI and LLMs and the impact it can have on the world</li>
<li>Experience in consulting and highly interested in Data Analytics &amp; Applied AI</li>
<li>Knowledge in SQL and Python or related database query languages (completion of Celonis "Rising Star" modules would be a plus)</li>
<li>Analytical mindset and the ability to multi-task, prioritize and execute</li>
<li>Effective communicator and <strong>business fluent in German and English</strong></li>
<li><strong>Full-time availability</strong> for at least<strong> five months </strong>starting from<strong> June/ July 2026</strong></li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>What Celonis can offer you:</strong></p>
<ul class="p-rich\_text\_list p-rich\_text\_list\_\_bullet p-rich\_text\_list--nested" data-stringify-type="unordered-list" data-list-tree="true" data-indent="0" data-border="0">
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Pioneer Innovation:</span> Work with the global leader in Process Mining and the Process Intelligence Graph to shape the future of AI-driven business operations.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Ownership from Day 1:</span> Every full-time "Celonaut" is an owner, receiving Restricted Stock Units (RSUs) and merit-based refresh grants.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Unrivaled Family Support:</span> Benefit from our inclusive parental leave policy—24 weeks of fully paid leave for primary carers and 12 weeks for supporting carers, available from your first day of employment.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Work-Life Integration:</span> Enjoy Unlimited PTO (in applicable regions) and generous PTO globally, as well as a flexible hybrid work model that balances remote focus with vibrant office collaboration.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Continuous Growth:</span> Elevate your skills through our 70-20-10 learning framework, mentorship programs, and access to a dedicated learning platform.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Holistic Well-being:</span> Prioritize your health with subsidized Wellhub memberships, mental health counseling, and dedicated "Wellness Weeks" that prioritize work/life balance.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Drive Sustainability:</span> Participate in annual Impact Days, where you receive paid time off to volunteer for community and environmental causes with your local office, or virtually.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Global Inclusion &amp; Belonging:</span> Find community through our Inclusion Think Tank and participate in our annual Inclusion Days, ensuring every voice is heard and valued.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Value-Driven Impact:</span> Join a mission-led organization where our core values—Live for Customer Value, The Best Team Wins, We Own It, and Earth Is Our Future—drive every decision.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>About Us:</strong></p>
<p>Celonis makes processes work — for people, companies, and the planet. Powered by process mining and AI, the Celonis Process Intelligence Platform integrates process data and business context to create a living digital twin of business operations. We enable thousands of companies worldwide to understand how their business actually runs and, together with their partners, build intelligent solutions that transform and continuously improve the way they operate — unlocking billions in value. Celonis is headquartered in Munich, Germany, and New York City, USA, with more than 20 offices worldwide.</p>
<p><br>Get familiar with the Celonis Process Intelligence Platform by watching this <a href="https://academy.celonis.com/learn/video/discover-the-ems">video</a>.</p>
<p><strong>Celonis Inclusion Statement:</strong></p>
<p>At Celonis, we believe our people make us who we are and that “The Best Team Wins”. We know that the best teams are made up of people who bring different perspectives to the table. And when everyone feels included, able to speak up and knows their voice is heard - that's when creativity and innovation happen.<strong><br></strong></p>
<p><strong>Your Privacy:</strong></p>
<p>Any information you submit to Celonis as part of your application will be processed in accordance with Celonis’ <a href="https://www.celonis.com/careers/candidate-notices">Accessibility and Candidate Notices</a></p>
<p>By submitting this application, you confirm that you agree to the storing and processing of your personal data by Celonis as described in our <a href="https://www.celonis.com/careers/privacy-notice/">Privacy Notice for the Application and Hiring Process</a>.</p>
<p>Please be aware of common job offer scams, impersonators and frauds. Learn more <a href="https://www.celonis.com/careers/fraud-alert/">here</a>.</p></div>