<p>
  <strong>Headquarters:</strong> Poland
</p>

<p>We want to revolutionise how money moves between fiat and crypto to unlock the numerous possibilities that Web3 offers. We need a creative and innovative Senior FinCrime Product Owner to design and implement a robust and innovative financial crime and fraud product to protect our users, eliminate bad actors, and propel forward the ecosystem. In this role, you’ll be expected to build out Deblock’s FinCrime platform by setting out the product strategy, owning the roadmap for delivery, and hiring the team to deliver it. </p><p>We’re looking for someone who can see what’s broken in the financial crime industry, someone who has a burning itch to fix it, and someone who can build a better solution from the ground up. If financial crime seems like an eminently fixable problem to you, this is the role for you. We want to revolutionise the FinTech industry. Create a new paradigm. And we need the best minds to do it  </p> <p> <strong>What we are looking for:</strong></p><ul><li>Experience building products to prevent and detect financial crime and fraud </li><li>Experience working in a high-growth start-up or fintech 2+ years of experience working on technical products (such as platforms, distributed systems, data science, machine learning, computer vision, embedded systems, robotics etc.) </li><li>Experience developing product(s) from zero to first release and beyond </li></ul><p> <strong>What will make you stand out:</strong></p><ul><li>Professional qualification from an internationally recognised body (e.g. ICA, ACAMS) </li><li>Deep knowledge of the UK and EU regulatory environment and key financial crime regimes </li><li>Experience working with crypto compliance tools (e.g. Chainalysis, Elliptic) </li><li>Strong data analytics capability to extract insights from large datasets and translate them into product strategy and decision-making</li></ul> <ul><li>Competitive salary + stock options </li><li>Private dental + health insurance</li><li>The best tech for your job</li><li>30 days of paid holidays (excl. bank holidays)</li><li>Option to work 100% remotely or come to the office - your choice!</li><li>Ability to work abroad for 4 months a year</li></ul>

<p><strong>To apply:</strong> <a href="https://weworkremotely.com/remote-jobs/deblock-senior-fincrime-product-owner">https://weworkremotely.com/remote-jobs/deblock-senior-fincrime-product-owner</a></p>