<div class="content-intro"><p><strong>500M+ downloads. 80M+ monthly users. A decade of building – and we’re still accelerating.</strong></p>
<p>Flo is the world’s #1 health &amp; fitness app worldwide on a mission to build a better future for female health. Backed by a $200M investment led by General Atlantic, we became the first product of our kind to reach a $1B valuation in 2024 – and we’re not slowing down.</p>
<p>With 7M paid subscribers and the highest-rated experience in the App Store’s health category, we’ve spent 10 years earning trust at scale. Now, we’re building the next generation of digital health – AI-powered, privacy-first, clinically backed – to help our users know their body better.</p>
<p><strong>The job</strong></p></div><p>As a Motion /Video Designer at Flo, you create compelling animated content that brings ideas to life, edit thumbstopping UGC videos, strengthen brand storytelling, and contribute to impactful marketing initiatives. Your work supports a variety of channels across paid UA, helping to communicate key messages through high-quality motion design that aligns with Flo’s visual identity and purpose.</p>
<h3>Responsibilities/tasks</h3>
<ul>
<li>Boost motion design capacity by swiftly creating and animating graphics and editing videos in response to campaign demand spikes.</li>
<li>Collaborate with the UA team to deliver high-quality motion assets aligned with fast-changing priorities.</li>
<li>Adapt existing designs and produce rapid iterations for spontaneous creative requests.</li>
<li>Address localization needs to tailor motion graphics and videos for different global markets.</li>
<li>Produce static ads &amp; thumbnails where required</li>
<li>Experiment with generative AI tools to explore new video concepts and improve workflow efficiency.</li>
<li>Maintain consistency with brand guidelines across all visual content.</li>
<li>Deliver visually compelling work that effectively communicates app features and user benefits.</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>Key results/objectives</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Deliver high-quality motion graphics and videos that meet deadlines and support UA our goals.</li>
<li>Improve campaign engagement and performance through effective motion storytelling.</li>
<li>Integrate innovation in tools and workflows, including AI applications, to elevate creative output.</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>Qualifications</strong></h3>
<p>Basic Qualifications:</p>
<ul>
<li>3+ years of experience in motion design with a strong portfolio showcasing animation skills and editing techniques.</li>
<li>Proficiency in Adobe After Effects and other motion design software.</li>
<li>Proficiency in Adobe CC.</li>
<li>Proficiency in Figma or similar software.</li>
<li>Strong understanding of animation principles and visual effects.</li>
<li>A strong eye for detail, with an understanding of brand guidelines and the ability to maintain consistency across motion graphics.</li>
<li>Ability to collaborate effectively with cross-functional teams including copywriters, designers, and marketers.</li>
<li>Understanding of basic performance marketing concepts (e.g., CTR, conversion rates).</li>
<li>Ability to manage multiple design projects and meet deadlines in a fast-paced environment.</li>
<li>Excellent communication skills for clear and effective collaboration.</li>
<li>Genuine curiosity and enthusiasm for experimenting with AI tools, including generative AI video platforms, to push creative boundaries and elevate video storytelling.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>Preferred Qualifications:</p>
<ul>
<li>Experience in the tech or digital marketing industry.</li>
<li>Experience creating static ads to compliment motion &amp; video skills</li>
<li>Experience in the femtech, health, and wellbeing sector.</li>
<li>Familiarity with Cinema 4D or 3D motion design (a plus).</li>
<li>Basic understanding of user acquisition (UA) and CRM creatives</li>
</ul>
<p>Salary from 3400 EUR</p>
<p>#LI-DL1 #LI-Hybrid&nbsp;</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>How we work</strong></p>
<p>We’re a mission-led, product-driven team. We move fast, stay focused and take ownership – from brief to build to impact. Debate is encouraged. Decisions are shared. We care about craft, ship with purpose, and always raise the bar.</p>
<p>You’ll be working with people who take their work seriously, not themselves. It takes commitment, resilience, and the drive to keep going when things get tough. Because better health outcomes are worth it.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>What you'll get</strong></p>
<p>We support impact with meaningful reward. Here’s what that looks like:</p>
<ul>
<li>Competitive salary and annual reviews</li>
<li>Opportunity to participate in Flo’s performance incentive scheme</li>
<li>Paid holiday, sick leave, and female health leave</li>
<li>Enhanced parental leave and pay for maternity, paternity, same-sex and adoptive parents</li>
<li>Accelerated professional growth through world-changing work and learning support</li>
<li>In-person collaboration and work in a hybrid model, with 3 days per week spent in the office</li>
<li>5-week fully paid sabbatical at 5-year Floversary</li>
<li>Flo Premium for friends &amp; family, plus more health, pension and wellbeing perks</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Diversity, equity and inclusion</strong></p>
<p>Our strength is in our differences. At Flo, hiring is based on merit, skill and what you bring to the role – nothing else. We’re proud to be an equal opportunity employer, and we welcome applicants from all backgrounds, communities and identities. Read our <a href="https://flo.health/privacy-policy-for-job-applicants">privacy notice for job applicants</a>.</p></div>