<h2><strong>Who we are</strong></h2>
<div>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">Helsing is a defence AI company. Our mission is to protect our democracies. We aim to achieve technological leadership, so that open societies can continue to make sovereign decisions and control their ethical standards.</span><span data-ccp-props="{">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">As democracies, we believe we have a special responsibility to be thoughtful about the development and deployment of powerful technologies like AI. We take this responsibility seriously.</span><span data-ccp-props="{">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span data-contrast="none">We are an ambitious and committed team of engineers, AI specialists and customer-facing programme managers.<span data-contrast="auto">&nbsp;We are looking for mission-driven people to join our European teams – and apply their skills to solve the most complex and impactful problems. We embrace an open and transparent culture that welcomes healthy debates on the use of technology in defence, its benefits, and its ethical implications.</span><span data-ccp-props="{">&nbsp;</span></span></p>
</div>
<h2><strong>The role</strong></h2>
<div>
<p>As Systems Engineer - Land you are responsible for the design and implementation of all aspects of systems engineering for one of Helsing’s programmes that will determine the success of the land forces.&nbsp;</p>
<p>As part of our team, you will directly&nbsp;participate&nbsp;in our work with industry partners, procurement agencies and&nbsp;land&nbsp;forces.&nbsp;You&nbsp;will take&nbsp;a central role&nbsp;in&nbsp;creating&nbsp;complex systems that&nbsp;deliver answers to the challenges of tomorrows battlefield.&nbsp;Your work will include but will not be limited to deeply understanding customer demands and&nbsp;modern&nbsp;technologies&nbsp;with a focus on&nbsp;land&nbsp;defence&nbsp;systems.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Working closely with the delivery teams at the intersection between technical and commercial delivery within Helsing requires strategic oversight, while maintaining tight control over the day-to-day project work. In this role, you are responsible for the on-time/quality/cost delivery of all systems engineering activities.</p>
<p>We have assembled a&nbsp;distinctive partnerships-and-programmes team across various fields of&nbsp;expertise&nbsp;and backgrounds. Together we lift ambitions and shape the thinking of our industry partners and customers on software and AI in defence, national security, and intelligence. You will work with and learn from leading experts to build lasting industry and customer relationships.</p>
</div>
<h2><strong>The day-to-day</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>
<p>Develop system architecture that aligns with software and defence system requirements, and supervise system integration</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Act as a Subject Matter Expert for multiple project teams, offering guidance on vital defence system aspects such as Reliability, Availability, Maintainability and Safety (RAMS)&nbsp;</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Collaborate with software architects, developers, and other engineers to translate system-level requirements into effective software solutions&nbsp;</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Responsible for overall system integration, verification, validation – and for qualification and certification (as far as required)</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Ensure a smooth flow of information and technical guidance between teams to align system and software development objectives&nbsp;</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Conduct in-depth analysis to identify potential risks and system vulnerabilities&nbsp;</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Establish and enforce quality assurance protocols to maintain compliant with industry standards&nbsp;</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Manage project timelines, resources and budget to deliver projects within scope and on time</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Provide ongoing support to project teams, ensuring the consistent delivery of high-quality, reliable solutions&nbsp;</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Identify emerging trends and propose new software solutions to enhance land defence systems&nbsp;</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Ensure all solutions adhere to safety protocols and government regulations&nbsp;</p>
</li>
</ul>
<h2 id="You’ll-do-great-if-you….3" data-renderer-start-pos="15247">You should apply if you</h2>
<ul>
<li>
<p><span data-contrast="auto"><span data-ccp-parastyle="No Spacing">Have 5+ years of experience in systems engineering of </span><span data-ccp-parastyle="No Spacing">defence</span> <span data-ccp-parastyle="No Spacing">systems</span></span><span data-ccp-props="{&quot;201341983&quot;:0,&quot;335559739&quot;:0,&quot;335559740&quot;:240}">&nbsp;</span></p>
</li>
<li>
<p><span data-contrast="auto"><span data-ccp-parastyle="No Spacing">Have experience in leading a project team</span></span><span data-ccp-props="{&quot;201341983&quot;:0,&quot;335559739&quot;:0,&quot;335559740&quot;:240}">&nbsp;</span></p>
</li>
<li>
<p><span data-contrast="auto"><span data-ccp-parastyle="No Spacing">Have in-depth knowledge of system architecture, </span><span data-ccp-parastyle="No Spacing">requirements</span> <span data-ccp-parastyle="No Spacing">and integration of defence&nbsp;systems</span></span><span data-ccp-props="{&quot;201341983&quot;:0,&quot;335559739&quot;:0,&quot;335559740&quot;:240}">&nbsp;</span></p>
</li>
<li>
<p><span data-contrast="auto"><span data-ccp-parastyle="No Spacing">H</span><span data-ccp-parastyle="No Spacing">ave a university degree </span><span data-ccp-parastyle="No Spacing">in Systems Engineering, </span><span data-ccp-parastyle="No Spacing">Electrical Engineering, </span><span data-ccp-parastyle="No Spacing">Computer </span><span data-ccp-parastyle="No Spacing">Science</span><span data-ccp-parastyle="No Spacing"> or a related field</span></span><span data-ccp-props="{&quot;201341983&quot;:0,&quot;335559739&quot;:0,&quot;335559740&quot;:240}">&nbsp;</span></p>
</li>
<li>
<p><span data-ccp-props="{&quot;201341983&quot;:0,&quot;335559739&quot;:0,&quot;335559740&quot;:240}">Are business fluent in English</span></p>
</li>
<li>
<p><span data-ccp-props="{&quot;201341983&quot;:0,&quot;335559739&quot;:0,&quot;335559740&quot;:240}">Are willing to travel</span></p>
</li>
<li>
<p><span data-contrast="auto"><span data-ccp-parastyle="No Spacing">Your personal values match ours: ownership, initiative, dedication to mission, </span><span data-ccp-parastyle="No Spacing">speed</span><span data-ccp-parastyle="No Spacing"> and inclusiveness </span></span><span data-ccp-props="{&quot;201341983&quot;:0,&quot;335559739&quot;:0,&quot;335559740&quot;:240}">&nbsp;</span></p>
</li>
<li>
<p><span data-contrast="auto"><span data-ccp-parastyle="No Spacing">Are a high performer who thrives in a </span><span data-ccp-parastyle="No Spacing">fast-paced</span><span data-ccp-parastyle="No Spacing"> environment </span></span><span data-ccp-props="{&quot;201341983&quot;:0,&quot;335559739&quot;:0,&quot;335559740&quot;:240}">&nbsp;</span></p>
</li>
<li>
<p><span data-contrast="auto"><span data-ccp-parastyle="No Spacing">Are collaborative, humble and a problem-solver </span></span><span data-ccp-props="{&quot;201341983&quot;:0,&quot;335559739&quot;:0,&quot;335559740&quot;:240}">&nbsp;</span></p>
</li>
<li>
<p><span data-contrast="auto"><span data-ccp-parastyle="No Spacing">Are ready to meet all necessary measures and requirements that are </span><span data-ccp-parastyle="No Spacing">required</span><span data-ccp-parastyle="No Spacing"> to receive a security clearance according to the respective national law</span></span></p>
</li>
</ul>
<p data-prosemirror-content-type="node" data-prosemirror-node-name="paragraph" data-prosemirror-node-block="true" data-pm-slice="1 1 [&quot;panel&quot;,{&quot;panelType&quot;:&quot;info&quot;,&quot;panelIcon&quot;:null,&quot;panelIconId&quot;:null,&quot;panelIconText&quot;:null,&quot;panelColor&quot;:null}]"><em data-prosemirror-content-type="mark" data-prosemirror-mark-name="em">Note: We operate at an intersection where women, as well as other minority groups, are systematically</em> <em data-prosemirror-content-type="mark" data-prosemirror-mark-name="em">under-represented. We encourage you to apply even if you don’t meet all the listed qualifications; ability and impact cannot be summarised in a few bullet points.</em></p>
<h2><span data-contrast="auto">Join Helsing and work with world-leading experts in their fields</span><span data-ccp-props="{">&nbsp;</span></h2>
<ul>
<li>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">Helsing’s work is important. You’ll be directly contributing to the protection of democratic countries while balancing both ethical and geopolitical concerns.</span><span data-ccp-props="{">&nbsp;</span></p>
</li>
<li>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">The work is unique. We operate in a domain that has highly unusual technical requirements and constraints, and where robustness, safety, and ethical considerations are vital. You will face unique Engineering and AI challenges that make a meaningful impact in the world.</span><span data-ccp-props="{">&nbsp;</span></p>
</li>
<li>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">Our work frequently takes us right up to the state of the art in technical innovation, be it reinforcement learning, distributed systems, generative AI, or deployment infrastructure. The defence industry is entering the most exciting phase of the technological development curve. Advances in our field of world are not incremental: Helsing is part of, and often leading, historic leaps forward.</span><span data-ccp-props="{">&nbsp;</span></p>
</li>
<li>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">In our domain, success is a matter of order-of-magnitude improvements and novel capabilities. This means we take bets, aim high, and focus on big opportunities. Despite being a relatively young company, Helsing has already been selected for multiple significant government contracts.&nbsp;</span><span data-ccp-props="{">&nbsp;</span></p>
</li>
<li>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">We actively encourage healthy, proactive, and diverse debate internally about what we do and how we choose to do it. Teams and individual engineers are trusted (and encouraged) to practise responsible autonomy and critical thinking, and to focus on outcomes, not conformity. At Helsing you will have a say in how we (and you!) work, the opportunity to engage on what does and doesn’t work, and to take ownership of aspects of our culture that you care deeply about.</span><span data-ccp-props="{">&nbsp;</span></p>
</li>
</ul>
<h2 id="What-we-offer" data-renderer-start-pos="3238"><span id="6afa48f9-b797-428b-aa69-0bc8163b3593" data-renderer-mark="true" data-mark-type="annotation" data-mark-annotation-type="inlineComment" data-id="6afa48f9-b797-428b-aa69-0bc8163b3593">What we offer</span></h2>
<ul>
<li>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">A focus on outcomes, not time-tracking</span></p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Competitive compensation and stock options</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Relocation support</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Social and education allowances</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Regular company events and all-hands to bring together employees as one team across Europe</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p data-prosemirror-content-type="node" data-prosemirror-node-name="paragraph" data-prosemirror-node-block="true" data-pm-slice="1 1 [&quot;expand&quot;,{&quot;title&quot;:&quot;Jobs NOT on LinkedIn (PLEASE RECORD BELOW) &quot;,&quot;\_\_expanded&quot;:true},&quot;table&quot;,{&quot;displayMode&quot;:null,&quot;isNumberColumnEnabled&quot;:false,&quot;layout&quot;:&quot;default&quot;,&quot;localId&quot;:&quot;bbd74d83-0b12-4e71-a1f3-30156373b99d&quot;,&quot;width&quot;:760,&quot;\_\_autoSize&quot;:false},&quot;tableRow&quot;,{},&quot;tableCell&quot;,{&quot;colspan&quot;:1,&quot;rowspan&quot;:1,&quot;colwidth&quot;:null,&quot;background&quot;:null}]">#LI-DNI</p>
<p><em data-stringify-type="italic">Helsing is an equal opportunities employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, religion, sexual orientation, age, marital status, disability or gender identity. Please do not submit personal data revealing racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, trade union membership, data concerning your health, or data concerning your sexual orientation.</em></p><div class="content-conclusion"><div>&nbsp;</div>
<div>Helsing's Candidate Privacy and Confidentiality Regime can be found <a href="https://helsing.ai/candidate-privacy-and-confidentiality-regime/" target="\_blank">here</a>.&nbsp;</div>
<div>&nbsp;</div>
<div>&nbsp;</div></div>