<h2><strong>About the Opportunity</strong></h2>
<p>At Contentful, we are always searching for top candidates to join our global team of Solution Architects. We are particularly interested in individuals who can work with our DACH<strong>&nbsp;</strong>customer base on a fluent German language level.</p>
<p>This is a speculative job description, and an immediate opening may not be available. However, we still encourage interested candidates to apply. On a proactive basis, our recruitment team will do our best to get in touch with you to discuss your profile and explain more about Contentful. We will keep your application on file should a suitable opportunity arise.</p>
<p>Contentful’s Solution Architects are principally outwards-facing. They are trusted advisors of technologists, developers, content creators and project/product managers. As a Solution Architect at Contentful, you’ll have the opportunity to work with international teams post-sale, from visionary brands to innovative digital agencies. Your technical guidance and product expertise will help customers make the right decisions and achieve success with their project. A reasonable expectation for travel to on-site visits would be up to 25%.</p>
<h2><strong>What to expect?&nbsp;</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Create and deliver technical enablement on product platform features to customers as well as providing consultative advice &amp; recommendations on specific implementation use cases</li>
<li>Identify and propose comprehensive solution designs to complex business problems after running customer discovery sessions</li>
<li>Keep abreast of Contentful product developments and synthesise these into best practices, workshops &amp; enablement materials for our customers</li>
<li>Create prototypes or code examples to facilitate customer onboarding and to support projects</li>
<li>Maintain a foundational understanding of technologies related to Contentful as well as staying up to date with industry trends</li>
<li>Continuously seek, synthesise and communicate customer product feedback to our Product Management, Engineering, and Marketing teams</li>
<li>Support engagement managers on quoting and scoping of SOWs</li>
<li>Partner with Sales, Customer Success Managers and Solution Engineers, to ensure a successful customer experience with Contentful.</li>
<li>Continuously improve your professional skills through activities such as training, reading and seeking mentorship from others</li>
</ul>
<p>Within Contentful, you will work closely with Technical Project Managers on customer accounts implementing Contentful. You will also work cross-functionally with CSMs, Account Executives, Support and Solution Engineers as required in order to make sure our customers are successful. You will also be expected to identify, report and manage risk as well as adapt and work with the customer in real-time to overcome any obstacles.</p>
<p>The insights gained during your work with customers will enable you to provide valuable input to our Product Management and Engineering departments. Your first hand accounts of how customers interact with our product, tempered by your experience, will provide crucial real world context for our teams’ building efforts.</p>
<p>Your experience working with customers will allow you to continually refine our best practices and form opinionated advice. There are also opportunities to contribute to Contentful’s thought leadership by participating in our Voice of the Customer sessions with the product team, writing blogs, leading workshops, or speaking at Contentful events.</p>
<h2><strong>What you need to be successful?</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>At least 2 years as an SA or at least 4 years in a similar customer-facing role, for example as a technical consultant, solution engineer or implementation engineer at an API-first (REST, GraphQL) SaaS company.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Professional experience working on projects that utilize microservices-based architectures, transitioning away from monolithic architectures.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Experience working on digital experiences beyond the web is a plus</li>
<li>Basic developer skills in any of the following: Javascript ES6, Ruby, Node.js, .NET, Swift, Java, Python or PHP</li>
<li>Some experience with modern JS/React frameworks: NextJS, NuxtJS, Remix, Vue or Angular. Understanding of web rendering technologies; Server-side, client-side, hybrid rendering and Static Site Generation including ISR (eg. Gatsby)</li>
<li>Some professional experience with content management system(s) and a solid understanding of headless CMS architecture &amp; best practices for building content-driven applications</li>
<li>Bachelor’s Degree or equivalent experience (Engineering, Computer Science, or a related field)</li>
<li>Comfortable working in a fast-paced environment with multiple customer engagements at once</li>
<li>Strong interpersonal, presentation and persuasive skills with the ability to build diverse relationships and influence technical and non-technical audiences</li>
<li>The ability to work both autonomously and with a team to drive customer results</li>
<li>Written and verbal fluency in English and German</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>What’s in it for you?</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Join an ambitious tech company reshaping the way people build digital experiences</li>
<li>Full-time employees receive Stock Options for the opportunity to share in the success of our company</li>
<li>Fertility and family building benefits, including a lifetime reimbursable wallet to support your growing family.</li>
<li>We value<strong> Work-Life balance </strong>and<strong> You Time</strong>!<strong> </strong>A generous amount of paid time off, including vacation days, sick days,&nbsp; education days, compassion days for loss, and volunteer days</li>
<li>Time off to care for and focus on your growing family&nbsp;</li>
<li>Use your personal annual education budget to improve your skills and grow in your career</li>
<li>Enjoy a full range of virtual and in-person events, including workshops, guest speakers, and fun team activities, supporting learning and networking exchange beyond the usual work duties&nbsp;</li>
<li>An annual wellbeing stipend to care for your physical, financial, or emotional health</li>
<li>A monthly communication phone/internet stipend and phone hardware upgrade reimbursement.</li>
<li>New hire office equipment stipend for hybrid or distributed employees. Get the gear you need to work at your best.</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><h2><strong>Who are we?</strong></h2>
<p>Contentful is a leading <strong>digital experience platform</strong> that helps modern businesses meet the growing demand for engaging, personalized content at scale. By blending composability with native <strong>AI</strong> capabilities, Contentful enables dynamic personalization, automated content delivery, and real-time experimentation, powering next-generation digital experiences across brands, regions, and channels for more than 4,200 organizations worldwide. More than <strong>700 people</strong> from more than <strong>70 nations</strong> contribute their energy and creativity to Contentful, working from hubs in Berlin, Denver, San Francisco, London, New York, and distributed worldwide.</p>
<h2><strong>Everyone is welcome here!</strong></h2>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;"><strong>“Everyone is welcome here”</strong> is a celebrated component of our culture. At Contentful, we strive to create an inclusive environment that empowers our employees. We believe that our products and services benefit from our diverse backgrounds and experiences, and we are proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applications will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, age, physical [dis]ability, or length of time spent unemployed. We invite you to apply and join us!</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">If you need reasonable accommodations at any point during the application or interview process, please let your recruiting coordinator know.</span></p>
<p class="p1"><span style="color: #3e3e3e;"><em>Please be aware of scammers who may fraudulently allege to be from Contentful. These types of fraud can be carried out through copycat websites, fake email addresses claiming to be from our company, or social media. We do not ask for your personal information, such as bank account numbers, identification numbers, etc, through social media or chat-based apps, nor do we request or send money for the purchase of business equipment. If you suspect fraud, please report it to your local authorities, as well as reach out to us at <a href="mailto:security-esk@contentful.com" target="\_blank">security-esk@contentful.com</a> </em></span><span style="color: #3e3e3e;"><em>with any information you may have.</em></span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">By clicking “Apply for this job,” I acknowledge that I have read the “</span><a href="https://www.contentful.com/legal/us/privacy-notice-to-candidates/privacy/" target="\_blank"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Contentful’s Candidate Privacy Notice</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">” and hereby consent to the collection, processing, use, and storage of my personal information as described therein.</span></p></div>