In the cloud, every second counts. On the leading edge of security, Sysdig stops attacks in real-time by instantly detecting changes in cloud security risk with runtime insights and [open source](https://sysdig.com/opensource) Falco. Trusted by a large enterprise customer base, we are a well-funded startup, passionate open source enthusiasts at heart, and problem-solvers who are building and delivering powerful solutions to secure cloud-native applications.

We have an organizational focus on delivering value to customers. We appreciate diverse opinions and open dialogue to spur ideas and we believe in working together to achieve our goals. We're an international company that understands how to cultivate an inclusive environment across all teams.

And we're a great place to work too - we've been named a "Best Places to Work" by Inc, the San Francisco Business Time, and Built In, with recognitions ranging from "Best Benefits" to a "Best Company for Happiness".

We are looking for driven team members who want to join us on our mission to lead cloud security globally. Does this sound like the right place for you?

## What you will do:

- Reporting to the Senior Director of Customer Success you will be the technical authority on the Sysdig Platform and become the customer’s go-to advisor.
- You will help with customer onboarding, thus driving adoption.
- You will understand the customer’s requirements, challenges, and what outcomes and value they are expecting in their Sysdig journey.

## What you will bring with you:

- You will have a proactive approach and be a team player who strives to inspire customer loyalty.
- You are the driving force in building customer relationships, including implementation, renewal, and identification of expansion opportunities.
- You will be an expert in cloud native technologies with multi year experience.

## What we look for:

- You have experience working either in a Cyber Security role or with Cloud Ecosystems in either an engineer or professional services role.
- You bring 5 years minimum post-sales experience with a focus on growing and retaining customers.
- Experience with Linux, Helm, Terraform, Kubernetes, or Cloud Platforms

## When you join Sysdig, you can expect:

- Extra days off to prioritize your well-being
- Mental health support for you and your family through the Modern Health app
- Great compensation package

We would love for you to join us! Please reach out even if your experience doesn't perfectly match the job description. We can always explore other options after starting the conversation. Your background and passion will set you apart, especially if your career path is different.

Some of our Hiring Managers are globally distributed, an English version of your CV will be appreciated.

*Sysdig values a diverse workplace and encourages women, people of color, LGBTQIA+ individuals, people with disabilities, members of ethnic minorities, foreign-born residents, and veterans to apply. Sysdig is an equal-opportunity employer. Sysdig does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity, or any other legally protected status.*

*#LI-MC1*

*#LI-Remote*