<div class="content-intro"><p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Every day, tens of millions of people come to Roblox to explore, create, play, learn, and connect with friends in 3D immersive digital experiences– all created by our global community of developers and creators.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">At Roblox, we’re building the tools and platform that empower our community to bring any experience that they can imagine to life. Our vision is to reimagine the way people come together, from anywhere in the world, and on any device.</span><strong> </strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re on a mission to connect a billion people with optimism and civility, and looking for amazing talent to help us get there.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">A career at Roblox means you’ll be working to shape the future of human interaction, solving unique technical challenges at scale, and helping to create safer, more civil shared experiences for everyone.</span></p></div><p>About the Role</p>
<p>Roblox is seeking a strategic, execution-oriented business leader to lead Roblox in South East Asia, a priority region at the intersection of growth, safety &amp; compliance, and ecosystem development. As GM of South East Asia, you’ll be the accountable leader for the region—our senior representative externally (government, media, partners) and the orchestrator internally across product, policy, and operations. You will be accountable for leading the business in, influencing product, growth, compliance, and reputation in a unified way while thoughtfully managing tradeoffs.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>You Are</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>A seasoned executive with a track record of running complex, multi-country operations across a major international region.</li>
<li>An expert at operating in a global, matrixed organization, providing dotted-line leadership while country leads report solid-line into global functions.</li>
<li>Willing to frequently travel to HQ (San Mateo, CA) for the first 6 months to establish deep alignment and operating foundations before transitioning to a long-term base in Singapore.</li>
<li>Exceptional in communication skills, with proven ability to act as a spokesperson and provide regional legitimacy with governments and partners.</li>
<li>Someone with proven success navigating highly regulated or politically complex environments.</li>
<li>Fluent in English (required).</li>
<li>Proficient in multiple languages ideal (required to manage complex business, regulatory and cultural environments across major markets) - Bahasa,&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>You Will</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Set ambitious regional goals and a clear strategy; lead day-to-day execution with local teams and partners.</li>
<li>Act as Southeast Asia’s advocate within Roblox, ensuring regional needs inform global priorities.</li>
<li>Serve as the primary bridge between the local office and HQ across regulatory, product, safety, and operational topics.</li>
<li>Establish the local office as an “early warning system” for regulatory, cultural, and market signals.</li>
<li>Maintain uninterrupted operations across SEA markets.</li>
<li>Anticipate and address emerging public policy obligations Drive SEA-specific compliance initiatives in partnership with Policy, Trust &amp; Safety, Legal, and Product.</li>
<li>Establish strategic relationships with regulators, ratings agencies, and media to reduce risk and ensure business continuity.</li>
<li>Serve as a regional spokesperson on safety and integrity, strengthening public trust and resilience.</li>
<li>Define and execute the regional growth plan to maximize user growth, bookings, and the health of the local creator ecosystem.</li>
<li>Build on-the-ground presence to expand brand awareness and support creators—prioritizing key genre verticals.</li>
<li>Build and deepen relationships with strategic partners across the region.</li>
<li>Partner with HQ product and core functions to shape integrated roadmaps for Growth and Compliance.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>You Have</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>A track record of running complex, multi-country operations across a major international region.</li>
<li>Expertise operating in a global, matrixed organization.</li>
<li>Proven success navigating highly regulated or politically complex environments.</li>
<li>Gaming and or UGC platform experience (a strong asset).</li>
<li>Technical fluency and or background (preferred).</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p>Roles that are based in an office are onsite Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thursday, with optional presence on Monday and Friday (unless otherwise noted).</p>
<p>Roblox provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any type without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws. Roblox also provides reasonable accommodations to candidates with qualifying disabilities or religious beliefs during the recruiting process.</p>
<p>For US based roles only, please note the Company may not be able to employ candidates for this role who have United States work authorization related to certain U.S. visa categories, or support future H-1B sponsorship at this time.</p></div>