<div class="content-intro"><p>Celonis is the global leader in Process Intelligence and the pioneer of Process Mining technology. As one of the world’s fastest-growing enterprise SaaS companies, we are changemakers pushing the boundaries of what’s possible. We invest heavily in advanced AI capabilities—specifically our Process Intelligence Graph—to turn data insights into immediate business action. We believe there is a massive opportunity to unlock global productivity and sustainability by placing intelligence at the core of every business process. Join our mission to make processes work for people, companies, and the planet.</p></div><h3><strong>The Team</strong></h3>
<p>As part of our scaling Orchestration &amp; Automation team, you'll have a huge impact on helping teams and engineers build and operate resilient, reliable and scalable systems. You'll have ownership over our product's health, ensuring end-to-end availability and peak performance, contributing to software development and maintenance.</p>
<p>You’ll get to sharpen your skills on the latest tech stack in the areas of Java, Go, TypeScript, DevOps tooling, CICD, Containerization, orchestration, and cloud infrastructure as code. Interacting with your engineering team and the Platform and SRE organization in Celonis.</p>
<h3><strong>The Role</strong></h3>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>As an Engineering Manager, you’re responsible for a team of up to 6 engineers working in the space of Orchestration &amp; Automation. You’ll support them in the delivery of robust solutions - across the entire stack, from backend to frontend, from platform to product. You will be working in a strong cross-functional team with support from product, UX, and engineering to enhance our orchestration &amp; automation capabilities, and shaping the future with agentic composable enterprise. You will be hands-on and the expectation is that you contribute to the features owned by the team and drive a path to growing the skills and capabilities of the team.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<h3><strong>Key Responsibilities</strong></h3>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>Team management for up to 12 individual contributors</li>
<li>Guide and enhance the professional growth of engineers, including those at the staff and senior staff level, while simultaneously managing their performance.</li>
<li>Collaborate extensively with leadership, cross-functional stakeholders and fellow engineering teams, to guarantee the creation and implementation of influential product functionalities.</li>
<li>Partner with members of Product, Platform, SRE and QE to deliver end-to-end solutions with the highest level of availability &amp; reliability</li>
<li>Shape the team’s roadmap along with product management, the workstreams and the team internal discovery &amp; delivery processes.</li>
<li>Guide a technical roadmap to ensure our systems are up to the most modern standards and best practices</li>
<li>Contribute to development either in a frontend, backend or platform responsibility.</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>Qualifications</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Minimum 3 years experience in an Engineering Manager or technical leadership role, guiding both projects and teams.</li>
<li>Advanced technical expertise, equivalent to staff engineer level in software engineering.</li>
<li>Proven experience with technologies such as Java Sprint Boot, Angular, Microfrontend architecture, Postgres, and microservices architecture.</li>
<li>Excellent English communication skills for effective collaboration with global teams across various functions.</li>
<li>Familiarity with agile methodologies for daily team organization.</li>
<li>Capable of providing leadership and making key decisions to drive strategic direction.</li>
<li>Skilled in resolving technical conflicts and promoting a positive escalation environment.</li>
<li>Willing to actively support the team through hands-on assistance.</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>What Celonis can offer you:</strong></p>
<ul class="p-rich\_text\_list p-rich\_text\_list\_\_bullet p-rich\_text\_list--nested" data-stringify-type="unordered-list" data-list-tree="true" data-indent="0" data-border="0">
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Pioneer Innovation:</span> Work with the global leader in Process Mining and the Process Intelligence Graph to shape the future of AI-driven business operations.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Ownership from Day 1:</span> Every full-time "Celonaut" is an owner, receiving Restricted Stock Units (RSUs) and merit-based refresh grants.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Unrivaled Family Support:</span> Benefit from our inclusive parental leave policy—24 weeks of fully paid leave for primary carers and 12 weeks for supporting carers, available from your first day of employment.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Work-Life Integration:</span> Enjoy Unlimited PTO (in applicable regions) and generous PTO globally, as well as a flexible hybrid work model that balances remote focus with vibrant office collaboration.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Continuous Growth:</span> Elevate your skills through our 70-20-10 learning framework, mentorship programs, and access to a dedicated learning platform.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Holistic Well-being:</span> Prioritize your health with subsidized Wellhub memberships, mental health counseling, and dedicated "Wellness Weeks" that prioritize work/life balance.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Drive Sustainability:</span> Participate in annual Impact Days, where you receive paid time off to volunteer for community and environmental causes with your local office, or virtually.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Global Inclusion &amp; Belonging:</span> Find community through our Inclusion Think Tank and participate in our annual Inclusion Days, ensuring every voice is heard and valued.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Value-Driven Impact:</span> Join a mission-led organization where our core values—Live for Customer Value, The Best Team Wins, We Own It, and Earth Is Our Future—drive every decision.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>About Us:</strong></p>
<p>Celonis makes processes work — for people, companies, and the planet. Powered by process mining and AI, the Celonis Process Intelligence Platform integrates process data and business context to create a living digital twin of business operations. We enable thousands of companies worldwide to understand how their business actually runs and, together with their partners, build intelligent solutions that transform and continuously improve the way they operate — unlocking billions in value. Celonis is headquartered in Munich, Germany, and New York City, USA, with more than 20 offices worldwide.</p>
<p><br>Get familiar with the Celonis Process Intelligence Platform by watching this <a href="https://academy.celonis.com/learn/video/discover-the-ems">video</a>.</p>
<p><strong>Celonis Inclusion Statement:</strong></p>
<p>At Celonis, we believe our people make us who we are and that “The Best Team Wins”. We know that the best teams are made up of people who bring different perspectives to the table. And when everyone feels included, able to speak up and knows their voice is heard - that's when creativity and innovation happen.<strong><br></strong></p>
<p><strong>Your Privacy:</strong></p>
<p>Any information you submit to Celonis as part of your application will be processed in accordance with Celonis’ <a href="https://www.celonis.com/careers/candidate-notices">Accessibility and Candidate Notices</a></p>
<p>By submitting this application, you confirm that you agree to the storing and processing of your personal data by Celonis as described in our <a href="https://www.celonis.com/careers/privacy-notice/">Privacy Notice for the Application and Hiring Process</a>.</p>
<p>Please be aware of common job offer scams, impersonators and frauds. Learn more <a href="https://www.celonis.com/careers/fraud-alert/">here</a>.</p></div>