<p><strong>This is a temporary, full-time position with full benefits, with an expected end date of 12 months from hire. This position is based on site in Houston, TX 77007.</strong></p>
<h2><strong>Who We Are</strong></h2>
<p>Nuro is a self-driving technology company on a mission to make autonomy accessible to all. Founded in 2016, Nuro is building the world’s most scalable driver, combining cutting-edge AI with automotive-grade hardware. Nuro licenses its core technology, the Nuro Driver™, to support a wide range of applications, from robotaxis and commercial fleets to personally owned vehicles. With technology proven over years of self-driving deployments, Nuro gives the automakers and mobility platforms a clear path to AVs at commercial scale, empowering a safer, richer, and more connected future.</p>
<h2><strong>About the Role</strong></h2>
<p>Our <strong>Fleet Management team</strong> is the core of Nuro’s vehicle operations and customer experience. We are the customer support specialists, autonomous vehicle technicians, and vehicle operators who test, maintain, and ensure the operational readiness of our fleet.</p>
<p>The <strong>Associate Fleet Technician</strong> is a critical, <strong>entry-level technical role</strong> that provides the foundation for our vehicle operations. You will be instrumental in keeping our autonomous fleet on the road, learning the basics of maintaining sophisticated hardware and software systems. This role is perfect for a <strong>mechanically inclined individual</strong> who is eager to transition into the fast-paced world of robotics and autonomous vehicles.</p>
<h2><strong>About the Work</strong></h2>
<p>As an Associate Fleet Technician, you will:</p>
<ul>
<li>Vehicle Readiness &amp; Maintenance: <strong>Execute daily and weekly preventive maintenance </strong>checks (PMs) and tasks to ensure maximum vehicle up-time.</li>
<li>System Diagnostics &amp; Troubleshooting: <strong>Perform initial triage and resolution of routine hardware and software issues</strong>, and hand off technical issues out of scope. This includes diagnosing basic faults using technical documentation and standardized tools, and providing clear, detailed notes on issues that require escalation for further root-cause analysis.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Component-Level Work: <strong>Execute minor mechanical repairs, part replacements, and system retrofits/modifications </strong>on Nuro vehicles and robotics according to engineering specifications.</li>
<li>Operational Support: <strong>Support </strong>the transfer, setup, and extraction of autonomous vehicles and robots in operational zones.</li>
<li>Process Adherence &amp; Documentation: <strong>Follow standardized operating procedures (SOPs) and complete detailed digital checklists/work orders daily</strong>, ensuring accurate reporting and proper escalation of complex issues.</li>
<li>Response &amp; Safety: Respond to and professionally handle operational or roadside emergencies with composure, prioritizing safety and clear communication.</li>
<li>Collaboration: Work cross-functionally with Engineering, Software, and Field Operations teams to provide critical feedback on vehicle performance and maintenance processes.</li>
<li>Workspace Management: Maintain a clean, highly organized, and safe technical work environment in compliance with all company and safety standards.</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>About You</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Foundational Technical Experience: Proven experience (e.g., from an academic program, vocational training, or professional role) demonstrating basic technical/mechanical aptitude with vehicles, electronics, or complex machinery.</li>
<li>Technical Troubleshooting Mindset: Enjoy solving problems that require learning and understanding hardware, software, and electronic dependencies.</li>
<li>Attention to Detail: Proactive, task-driven, and highly organized with a strict attention to detail required for documentation and adhering to technical procedures.</li>
<li>Documentation Skills: Ability to effectively understand and follow complex technical documentation, schematics, or flowcharts related to hardware and software systems.</li>
<li>Physical Requirements: Ability to safely lift up to 50 lbs, bend, stand, and/or stoop for long periods to perform vehicle maintenance tasks.</li>
<li>Driving: A valid driver's license and a clean driving record.</li>
<li>Experience using vehicle diagnostic equipment</li>
<li>Experience working on ADAS systems</li>
<li>Basic understanding of Linux and capable to write basic code</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Bonus Points</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Relevant Training: Automotive, Robotics, IT, or Technical training/certification (e.g., ASE, CompTIA, vocational certificate).</li>
<li>High Voltage: High-Voltage (HV) Certification or Training</li>
<li>EV/AV Experience: Direct experience working with Electric Vehicles (EVs) or Autonomous Vehicle platforms.</li>
<li>Electrical Aptitude: Basic electrical troubleshooting skills, including multimeter use and knowledge of schematics.</li>
<li>Methodology: Familiarity with lean manufacturing concepts like 5S methodology or other continuous improvement practices..</li>
<li>Software Familiarity: Basic experience with Linux command-line interface or other relevant operating systems for diagnostics.</li>
<li>IPC certification</li>
<li>EPA 609 refrigerant certification</li>
</ul>
<p><em>The total compensation package for this position includes base pay and a competitive benefits package including medical/dental/vision insurance, daily meal reimbursement, and paid time off in addition to limited company holidays. For this position, the reasonably expected base pay range is $25.59 – $34.62 per hour for the Overnight shift. Your base pay will depend on several factors, including your experience, qualifications, education, location, and skills. You may also be eligible for a discretionary annual contract completion bonus based on company and individual performance.</em></p>
<p><em>At Nuro, we celebrate differences and are committed to a diverse workplace that fosters inclusion and psychological safety for all employees. Nuro is proud to be an equal opportunity employer and expressly prohibits any form of workplace discrimination based on race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, age, genetic information, disability, veteran status, or any other legally protected characteristics.</em></p>