<p>
  <strong>Headquarters:</strong> New York, New York, United States
</p>

<div class="sc-1gch2qa-0 fhKCjg"><div><div class="sc-gfrfnr-2 deOrHQ"></div><div class="sc-18h7are-0 ebVyJP"><div class="sc-1tu9fip-2 ezRMeN"><div class="sc-1tu9fip-1 kdUgoN"><div class="sc-1tu9fip-3 iFQjUO"><div class="sc-ji5wy4-0 jIYAZB"><div><div><div><div><div class="sc-1uwf3m5-2 ipgOZn"><div class="sc-1v95195-0 jscoSJ"><div><div><h2 class="sc-1npqnwg-4 sc-1npqnwg-5 sc-1uwf3m5-0 nNByh custom-css-style-job-description">Job description</h2><div class="sc-1fwbcuw-0 chGAZI"><div><p><strong><span>What you’ll be part of:</span></strong><span><br>Circle is a financial technology company at the epicenter of the emerging internet of money, where value can finally travel like other digital data — globally, nearly instantly and less expensively than legacy settlement systems. This ground-breaking new internet layer opens up previously unimaginable possibilities for payments, commerce and markets that can help raise global economic prosperity and enhance inclusion. Our infrastructure – including USDC, a blockchain-based dollar – helps businesses, institutions and developers harness these breakthroughs and capitalize on this major turning point in the evolution of money and technology.</span></p><p></p><p><span>Circle is committed to visibility and stability in everything we do. As we grow as an organization, we’re expanding into some of the world’s strongest jurisdictions. Speed and efficiency are motivators for our success and our employees live by our company values: Multistakeholder, Mindfulness, Driven by Excellence and High Integrity. Circlers are consistently evolving in a remote world where strength in numbers fuels team success. We have built a flexible and diverse work environment where new ideas are encouraged and everyone is a stakeholder.<br></span></p><h4><strong>What you’ll be responsible for</strong></h4><p><span>As a Principal Product Manager at Circle, you will own the strategy and execution of our risk platform, ensuring it scales to support new products, markets, and global regulatory requirements. You will act as a cross-functional leader, partnering with compliance, legal, engineering, data science, and business stakeholders to align priorities and deliver resilient infrastructure that supports both crypto and traditional financial rails. By combining product vision, technical fluency, and deep compliance expertise, you will enable Circle to manage risk with precision, meet evolving regulatory expectations, and uphold the highest standards of trust and safety.</span></p><p></p><h4><strong>What you’ll work on</strong></h4><ul><li><p><span>Design and scale a modular, extensible risk platform that supports crypto- and traditional financial rails, as well as risk-related use cases across onboarding, account linking, and other customer lifecycle events — with a focus on building a user-friendly rules engine and intuitive tooling for risk operators.</span></p></li><li><p><span>Define and implement observability strategies to ensure risk platform integrity, including monitoring performance, validating critical flows, and surfacing key risk indicators to inform prioritization and executive decision-making.</span></p></li><li><p><span>Evolve Circle’s travel rule platform to ensure jurisdictional coverage, interoperability, and seamless integration with internal systems and partner networks.</span></p></li><li><p><span>Leverage AI/ML to automate risk decisioning and operational processes; lead feature/context engineering, model development, evaluation/monitoring frameworks.</span></p></li><li><p><span>Maintain clear, comprehensive documentation of platform design, functionality, and dependencies to ensure internal transparency and audit readiness.</span></p></li><li><p><span>Translate regulatory requirements and business needs into clear product requirements, insights, and user stories for engineering execution.</span></p></li><li><p><span>Represent the risk platform in senior leadership and regulatory forums, aligning cross-functional strategy and demonstrating how Circle’s infrastructure meets evolving compliance obligations at scale.</span></p></li></ul></div></div><h2 class="sc-1npqnwg-4 sc-1npqnwg-5 sc-1uwf3m5-0 sc-1uwf3m5-1 iErCYo custom-css-style-job-requirements">Job requirements</h2><div class="sc-1fwbcuw-0 chGAZI"><div><p><strong>Core Requirements</strong></p><ul><li><p><span>10+ years of product management experience building risk, compliance, or trust &amp; safety platforms in fintech, crypto, or financial services.</span></p></li><li><p><span>Deep expertise in fraud, AML, sanctions screening, and onboarding compliance (e.g., KYC/KYB), with hands-on experience crafting risk rules based on real-world typologies.</span></p></li><li><p><span>Track record of translating regulatory requirements into scalable, policy-driven platform capabilities that support both real-time and asynchronous risk decisioning across crypto and fiat rails.</span></p></li><li><p><span>Experience leading modular platform design, including refactoring monolithic services into scalable, service-oriented architectures.</span></p></li><li><p><span>Skilled in collaborating with engineering, data science, and operations teams to ship complex infrastructure products; able to influence senior stakeholders and drive alignment across functions.</span></p></li><li><p><span>Highly analytical and data-driven, with experience applying ML, risk signals, and scoring models to improve detection, decisioning, and operational efficiency.</span></p></li><li><p><span>Strong technical fluency, including working knowledge of APIs, event-driven architectures like SNS/SQS or equivalent, SQL, GitHub or equivalent.&nbsp;</span></p></li></ul><p><strong>Preferred Requirements</strong></p><ul><li><p><span>Background in RegTech, banking, or scaled fintech, with direct exposure to complex regulatory environments.&nbsp;</span></p></li><li><p><span>Expertise in blockchain technologies and crypto compliance, including chain types, on-chain travel rule requirements, blockchain monitoring, and evolving crypto regulations.</span></p></li><li><p><span>Experience with rapid prototyping using AI tools to accelerate product exploration, workflow automation, or internal tooling development.</span></p></li></ul></div></div></div></div><div class="sc-1uwf3m5-4 fKDjfR"><div class="sc-e5uvhz-0 kHqIkC"><div class="sc-e5uvhz-8 ekemGm"></div></div></div></div></div></div></div><div></div><div><div><div class="sc-1f8x0pm-0 ibrjJt"><div><h3 class="sc-1npqnwg-4 sc-1npqnwg-5 sc-1f8x0pm-1 iKjRZA">All done!</h3><p class="sc-1npqnwg-9 sc-1npqnwg-10 iPueVD">Your application has been successfully submitted!</p></div><div class="sc-1f8x0pm-2 dvyFlr"><a class="sc-s03za1-0 xZUGZ custom-css-style-application-success-button" href="/">Other jobs</a></div></div></div></div></div></div></div></div></div></div></div></div></div>

<p><strong>To apply:</strong> <a href="https://weworkremotely.com/remote-jobs/decircle-circle-principal-product-manager">https://weworkremotely.com/remote-jobs/decircle-circle-principal-product-manager</a></p>