<h3>About the role</h3>
<p>We’re looking for a hardworking, driven individual with superb energy, passion and initiative for new business acquisition. The Acquisition Account Executive role focuses exclusively on formulating and executing a sales strategy within an assigned territory, resulting in revenue growth and new customer acquisition.</p>
<h3>About the Sales Culture</h3>
<p>MongoDB is always developing and innovating — not only in our technology, but also in our sales go-to-market strategy. Our sales leadership is committed to building the best salesforce in technology. This means, inspiring and enabling success for everyone on the team. We not only equip you to be successful and close deals, but we want your feedback and input on how we can continue to “<a href="https://www.mongodb.com/company">Think Big and Go Far</a>.” As a crucial part of the Sales team at MongoDB, you will have access to a lucrative market and learn how to sell from some of the most successful sales leaders in the software industry.</p>
<p>We are looking to speak to candidates who are based in Gurugram for our hybrid working model.</p>
<h3>What you’ll be doing</h3>
<ul>
<li>Sales strategy and execution: Develop and implement strategic sales plan to achieve revenue goals in the Public Sector with strong focus in Defence, Home Affairs, Paramilitary Forces</li>
<li>Relationship management: Build and maintain strong, long-term relationships with key Government Stakeholders - Senior Government Officials, Consultants, GSIs and Partners</li>
<li>Business development: Identify new opportunities, generate leads, and pursue new government clients while also expanding business with existing ones</li>
<li>Tender and proposal management: Work closely with Government Departments to make sure MongoDB is part of Tech Stack in tenders. Also to Monitor and respond to government tenders, RFPs, and RFQs, coordinating with internal teams to ensure timely and accurate proposal submissions</li>
<li>Sales cycle management: Lead the sales process from lead generation and qualification through to contract negotiation and closure</li>
<li>Performance and reporting: Set sales targets, monitor sales performance metrics, analyse market trends, and provide regular reports on activities and forecasts to senior management</li>
<li>Internal collaboration: Work with internal teams, such as solution architects and delivery teams, to ensure seamless execution from contract award to delivery</li>
<li>Internal Development: Participate in our sales enablement trainings, including our comprehensive Sales Bootcamp, sophisticated sales training, and leadership and development programs</li>
</ul>
<h3>What you will bring to the table</h3>
<ul>
<li>BE/Tech/BCA/BS (Computers) required</li>
<li>10+ years of field experience of quota-carrying experience in Public Sector with a focus on new business</li>
<li>Demonstrated ability to articulate the business value of complex enterprise technology in Public Sector Accounts</li>
<li>A track record of overachievement and hitting sales targets annually</li>
<li>Skilled in building business champions within Government Accounts and running a complex sales process within Government Ministries and Departments</li>
<li>Previous Sales Methodology training (e.g. MEDDIC, SPIN, Challenger Sales)</li>
<li>Familiarity with databases, devops and open source technology is a plus</li>
<li>Driven and competitive: Possess a strong desire to be successful</li>
<li>Skilled in managing time and resources; sound approach to qualifying opportunities</li>
<li>Possess aptitude to learn quickly and establish credibility. High EQ and self-aware</li>
<li>Passionate about growing your career in the largest market in software (database) and developing and maintaining an in-depth understanding of MongoDB products[1]&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<h3>Things we love</h3>
<ul>
<li>Passionate about growing your career in the largest market in software (database)</li>
<li>Previous Sales Methodology training (e.g. MEDDIC, SPIN, Challenger Sales)</li>
<li>Familiarity with databases, develops and open source technology a plus</li>
</ul>
<h3>Why join now</h3>
<ul>
<li>MongoDB invests heavily in the development of each of our new hires &amp; continuous career development</li>
<li>Accelerators up to 30%</li>
<li>Best in breed Sales trainings in MEDDIC and Command of the Message, including our comprehensive Sales Bootcamps and development programs</li>
<li>New hire stock equity (RSUs) and employee stock purchase plan</li>
<li>Generous and competitive benefits (parental leave, fertility &amp; wellbeing support)</li>
<li>Friendly and inclusive workplace culture -<a href="https://www.mongodb.com/blog/channel/culture"> Learn more about what it’s like to work at MongoDB</a></li>
</ul>
<h3>About MongoDB</h3>
<p>MongoDB is built for change, empowering our customers and our people to innovate at the speed of the market. We have redefined the database for the AI era, enabling innovators to create, transform, and disrupt industries with software. MongoDB’s unified database platform—the most widely available, globally distributed database on the market—helps organizations modernize legacy workloads, embrace innovation, and unleash AI. Our cloud-native platform, MongoDB Atlas, is the only globally distributed, multi-cloud database and is available across AWS, Google Cloud, and Microsoft Azure.</p>
<p>With offices worldwide and nearly 60,000 customers—including 75% of the Fortune 100 and AI-native startups—relying on MongoDB for their most important applications, we’re powering the next era of software.</p>
<p>Our compass at MongoDB is our <a href="https://www.mongodb.com/company">Leadership Commitment,</a> guiding how and why we make decisions, show up for each other, and win. It’s what makes us MongoDB.&nbsp;</p>
<p>To drive the personal growth and business impact of our employees, we’re committed to developing a supportive and enriching culture for everyone. <a href="https://www.mongodb.com/company/blog/culture/employee-benefits-that-make-a-difference-at-mongodb">From employee affinity groups, to fertility assistance and a generous parental leave policy</a>, we value our employees’ wellbeing and want to support them along every step of their professional and personal journeys.<a href="https://www.mongodb.com/blog/channel/culture"> Learn more about what it’s like to work at MongoDB</a>, and help us make an impact on the world!</p>
<p>MongoDB is committed to providing any necessary accommodations for individuals with disabilities within our application and interview process. To request an accommodation due to a disability, please inform your recruiter.</p>
<p>MongoDB is an equal opportunities employer.</p>
<p>Req ID - 3263283618</p>