Founded in 2008 as a startup, Tesonet has rapidly grown into one of the largest venture builders and investors in the Baltic States. Join the crew that supports, funds, builds, and accelerates businesses worldwide.

**Your impact?** Bringing meaningful tech for industry disruption on a global scale.

## Main Responsibilities

- Work cross-functionally with designers, copywriters, event managers, and other stakeholders to make our communication step out of the ordinary and to ensure all deliverables are met;
- Develop and manage end-to-end projects: scope, budget, timeline, quality, success criteria, and milestones;
- Drive communication strategies via projects, partnerships, events, and other strategic initiatives (internal and external).
- Deliver high-quality content to raise awareness and growth of our brand and tech community across various platforms and channels;
- Help to design and implement creative, and cost-effective initiatives that will shape Tesonet community engagement, knowledge, and culture;
- Develop and maintain positive working relationships with the team, other Tesonet products and various outside organizations to ensure all deliverables are met.
- Follow market trends, and actively gather audience feedback to continuously improve by utilizing a strategic mix of quantitative and qualitative insights for future communications.

## Core Requirements

- 4+ years of proven brand-related experience in-house or in a communication/creative agency;
- Excellent time management skills and a sense of ownership and commitment;
- Ability to think strategically and execute methodically;
- Creativity in crafting solutions and problem-solving;
- Experience working with global brands and digital products;
- Willingness to work in a fast-paced environment - thinking on the spot is always appreciated;
- Excellent spoken and written English & Lithuanian languages skills;
- Attention to detail - we’re looking for an Eagle Eye here;
- Savage sense of humor;
- Experience working with VCs and knowledge in social media and PR - would be a huge advantage

## What We Offer

- Gross Salary 2900-4400 EUR/Month.
- Access to Tesonet products. We build solutions used by millions of users worldwide, and you’ll get to experience our products firsthand;
- Professional growth. Internal and external events, online training, conferences, books - everything you need to reach your full potential;
- Health benefits. Private health insurance, online and on-site workouts,
- consultations to feel and be your best;
- Mental wellbeing. Access to mental health tools like Calm, Headspace, and Mindletic. Options for therapy to keep your emotional well-being in check;
- Team spirit. Team buildings and parties with games, shows, tastings, food coupons, gifts, and it’s on us;
- More free time. Stay with us and additional vacation days will be added to your calendar;
- Additional paid leave. Additional days are covered by us in cases of illness or special occasions;
- Flexibility. Flexible working time arrangement.