<div class="content-intro"><p><strong>Who We Are:</strong></p>
<p>Alpaca is a US-headquartered self-clearing broker-dealer and brokerage infrastructure for stocks, ETFs, options, crypto, fixed income, 24/5 trading, and more. Our&nbsp;<a href="https://alpaca.markets/blog/alpaca-raises-150-million-at-a-1-15b-valuation-to-build-the-global-standard-for-brokerage-infrastructure/">recent Series D funding round</a> brought our total investment to over $320 million, fueling our ambitious vision.</p>
<p>Amongst our subsidiaries, Alpaca is a licensed financial services company, serving hundreds of financial institutions across 40 countries with our institutional-grade APIs. This includes broker-dealers, investment advisors, wealth managers, hedge funds, and crypto exchanges, totalling over 9 million brokerage accounts.</p>
<p>Our global team is a diverse group of experienced engineers, traders, and brokerage professionals who are working to achieve our mission of&nbsp;<strong>opening financial services to everyone on the planet</strong>. We're deeply committed to open-source contributions and fostering a vibrant community, continuously enhancing our award-winning, developer-friendly API and the robust infrastructure behind it.</p>
<p>Alpaca is proudly backed by top-tier global investors, including Portage Ventures, Spark Capital, Tribe Capital, Social Leverage, Horizons Ventures, Unbound, SBI Group, Derayah Financial, Elefund, and Y Combinator.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Our Team Members:</strong></p>
<p>We're a dynamic team of 230+ globally distributed members who thrive working from our favorite places around the world, with teammates spanning the USA, Canada, Japan, Hungary, Nigeria, Brazil, the UK, and beyond!<br><br>We're searching for passionate individuals eager to contribute to Alpaca's rapid growth. If you align with our core values—Stay Curious, Have Empathy, and Be Accountable—and are ready to make a significant impact, we encourage you to apply.</p></div><div>
<p><span style="font-size: 12pt;"><strong>Your Role:</strong></span></p>
<p><span style="font-size: 12pt;">This is an opportunity to join a Fintech startup at an exciting time! As the Brokerage Operations Margin and Option Associate, you’ll partner with the Director of Brokerage Operations in monitoring customer margin and option risk in real time.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-size: 12pt;"><strong>Things You Get To Do:<br></strong></span></p>
<ul>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">Monitor customer activity in near-real-time to manage trading exposure in margin and options.</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">Review daily reporting and take appropriate action for exceptions.</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">Follow Federal Reserve Regulation T and FINRA Rule 4210 when processing margin calls.</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">Perform option expiration processes and risk mitigation.</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">Customer Service focus.</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">Drive process improvements and efficiencies.</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">Review fraud alerts on day to day basis.</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">Ad hoc duties and projects as assigned.</span></li>
</ul>
<p><span style="font-size: 12pt;">&nbsp;</span><br><span style="font-size: 12pt;"><strong>Required Qualifications And Experience:</strong></span></p>
<ul>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">Series 7 and 63 required, series 4 preferred or ability to obtain within three months of employment</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">3+ years of brokerage operations experience</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">Strong attention to detail, accuracy and reliability with the ability to thrive in a fast-paced environment</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">Experience with FINRA, OCC regulations and systems</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">Ability to work effectively and supportively within a team environment, and the ability to work independently</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">Must possess the ability to adapt to a changing business and regulatory environment</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">Enjoys challenges and taking ownership of new responsibilities</span></li>
</ul>
</div><div class="content-conclusion"><h3><strong>How We Take Care of You:</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: 400; text-align: justify;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Competitive Salary &amp; Stock Options</span></li>
<li style="text-align: justify;">Health Benefits</li>
<li style="font-weight: 400; text-align: justify;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">New Hire Home-Office Setup: One-time USD $500</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400; text-align: justify;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Monthly Stipend: USD $150 per month via a Brex Card</span></li>
</ul>
<p><em><span style="font-weight: 400;">Alpaca is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace dedicated to pursuing and hiring a diverse workforce.<br></span></em></p>
<p><span style="font-size: 8pt;"><a href="https://files.alpaca.markets/disclosures/AlpacaRecruitmentPrivacyPolicy.pdf"><em><span style="font-weight: 400;">Recruitment Privacy Policy</span></em></a></span></p></div>