<div class="content-intro"><p><em>At Klaviyo, we value the unique backgrounds, experiences and perspectives each Klaviyo (we call ourselves Klaviyos) brings to our workplace each and every day. We believe everyone deserves a fair shot at success and appreciate the experiences each person brings beyond the traditional job requirements. If you’re a close but not exact match with the description, we hope you’ll still consider applying. Want to learn more about life at Klaviyo? Visit <a class="\_ymio1r31 \_ypr0glyw \_zcxs1o36 \_mizu194a \_1ah3dkaa \_ra3xnqa1 \_128mdkaa \_1cvmnqa1 \_4davt94y \_4bfu18uv \_1hms8stv \_ajmmnqa1 \_vchhusvi \_kqswh2mm \_ect4ttxp \_syaz13af \_1a3b18uv \_4fpr8stv \_5goinqa1 \_f8pj13af \_9oik18uv \_1bnxglyw \_jf4cnqa1 \_30l313af \_1nrm18uv \_c2waglyw \_1iohnqa1 \_9h8h12zz \_10531ra0 \_1ien1ra0 \_n0fx1ra0 \_1vhv17z1" href="http://klaviyo.com/careers" data-renderer-mark="true">klaviyo.com/careers</a>&nbsp;to see how we empower creators to own their own destiny.</em></p></div><p><strong>Exceptional opportunity for an accomplished leader to join Klaviyo's Senior Leadership Team as the strategic marketing visionary.</strong></p>
<p>Are you a results-driven marketing executive with a track record of success in driving transformative marketing strategies that create demand? Do you have experience building and leading teams to support APAC regional growth, whilst working for a high growth, dynamic technology business? If so, we invite you to apply for this exciting role as<strong> Senior Director, Marketing (APAC)</strong> at Klaviyo, a global industry SaaS leader.</p>
<p><strong>Why This Role:</strong></p>
<p>As the <strong>Senior Director, Marketing (APAC)</strong>, you will hold a pivotal and critical position in our rapid expansion journey. Reporting directly to our Chief Marketing Officer in the US, and working closely with the Vice President &amp; Managing Director APAC, you will shape the future of our brand across the Asia-Pacific region utilising your extensive experience in the region and strategic acumen. You will be an expert at partnering cross functionally and be used to operating in a fast paced, matrixed environment.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Key Leadership Responsibilities:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><strong>Strategic Mastery:</strong></li>
<ul>
<li>Partner with global marketing leaders and the US based Chief Marketing Officer, to craft a high-impact regional marketing strategy and plan; influencing demand generation, revenue pipeline, brand awareness and customer marketing.</li>
</ul>
<li><strong>Financial Stewardship:</strong></li>
<ul>
<li>Develop comprehensive annual marketing plans, complete with budget management and headcount requests, aligning with ambitious regional growth targets.</li>
</ul>
<li><strong>Data-Driven Insights:</strong></li>
<ul>
<li>Present compelling reports to key stakeholders, leveraging data analysis to articulate the successes and learnings from marketing campaigns, steering future initiatives.</li>
</ul>
<li><strong>Team Leadership Excellence:</strong></li>
<ul>
<li>Assemble and lead a dynamic team of regional marketers, specialising in event, content and partner marketing, fostering a culture of excellence.</li>
</ul>
<li><strong>Strategic Alignment with Sales:</strong></li>
<ul>
<li>Collaborate closely with APAC Sales leadership to identify strategic levers for robust pipeline growth across the region and across each segment.</li>
</ul>
<li><strong>Content Leadership:</strong></li>
<ul>
<li>Craft and oversee the development of regionally relevant marketing materials, strategically communicating product features and benefits.</li>
</ul>
<li><strong>Campaign Innovation:</strong></li>
<ul>
<li>Innovate and execute marketing campaigns that surpass regional revenue goals, collaborating seamlessly with product and partnership teams.</li>
</ul>
<li><strong>Compelling Brand Positioning:</strong></li>
<ul>
<li>Shape a compelling regional story and narrative to strategically position our products, creating a lasting impact.</li>
</ul>
<li><strong>Event Mastery:</strong></li>
<ul>
<li>Plan and execute impactful, locally relevant events, webinars, and Account-Based Marketing (ABM) initiatives.</li>
</ul>
<li><strong>Customer Marketing Expertise:</strong></li>
<ul>
<li>Direct regional customer marketing initiatives to drive customer expansion and retention, ensuring lasting partnerships.</li>
</ul>
<li><strong>Global Collaboration Excellence:</strong></li>
<ul>
<li>Collaborate seamlessly with the global localisation team to ensure effective communication and brand consistency.</li>
</ul>
<li><strong>Technology Orchestration:</strong></li>
<ul>
<li>Orchestrate the implementation of cutting-edge technology platforms and resources to elevate our marketing capabilities.</li>
</ul>
<li><strong>Performance Measurement Proficiency:</strong></li>
<ul>
<li>Implement a rigorous measurement framework and regularly report the impactful results of marketing activities, steering the future course.</li>
</ul>
</ul>
<p><strong>Your Profile:</strong></p>
<p><strong>Essentials:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>15+ years of demonstrated experience in B2B marketing with scaled or scaling SaaS companies.</li>
<li>Proven ability to drive lead generation and customer expansion at scale in B2B SaaS products within the APAC region, including Japan.</li>
<li>Strong track record of growing, leading and developing high-performance marketing teams.&nbsp;&nbsp;</li>
<li>Ability to utilise data and insights to craft a comprehensive story relevant to the targeted customer segment (Enterprise, Mid Market and Commercial), with a focus on a full funnel approach throughout the customer journey&nbsp;</li>
<li>Demonstrated experience with and understanding of nuances of the region; country by country.</li>
<li>Adept at thriving within a complex matrix environment, managing cross functional relationships and stakeholders and reporting into the US.</li>
<li>Successful history of expanding into new countries or territories.</li>
<li>Eligibility to work in Australia without restriction.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Desirables:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Educational background in a marketing-related field.</li>
<li>Deep understanding of enterprise marketing, combined with commercial and mid-market expertise.</li>
<li>Additional language proficiency.&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Klaviyo in APAC:</strong></h2>
<p>We are starting small but have big plans for Klaviyo in APAC. Our Sydney team began to take shape throughout 2022 and has now built out our go to market teams in sales, customer success, partnerships, marketing, recruiting and product support. As the team grows we will see a continued expansion of Klaviyo’s customer base and the building of a fantastic working culture in line with what we see elsewhere in Klaviyo but with its own local identity within our Sydney based team. This is your unique opportunity to join us at an very early stage and help to shape our future Klaviyo in APAC.</p>
<p>One of our values as a company is ‘always learning’ and you can feel that in APAC. People are looking to grow and develop and Klaviyo provides a great platform to do so. As we are still relatively early in our journey in APAC this means there is a lot of headroom to grow and develop within your role - we are looking for the leaders of the future. At Klaviyo generally managers are often promoted up into their roles and people are regularly being promoted or moving into new functional areas - it really is an education through experience here.&nbsp;<br><br></p>
<p>We use Covey as part of our hiring and / or promotional process. For jobs or candidates in NYC, certain features may qualify it as an AEDT. As part of the evaluation process we provide Covey with job requirements and candidate submitted applications. We began using<a href="https://getcovey.com/product/covey-scout-inbound"> Covey Scout for Inbound</a> on April 3, 2025.</p>
<p>Please see the independent bias audit report covering our use of Covey<a href="https://getcovey.com/nyc-local-law-144"> here</a></p><div class="content-pay-transparency"><div class="pay-input"><div class="description"><p>Our salary range reflects the cost of labour in the country where the job post is advertised. The base salary offered for this position is determined by several factors, including the applicant’s job-related skills, relevant experience, education or training, and work location.</p>
<p>In addition to base salary, our total compensation package may include participation in the company’s annual cash bonus plan, variable compensation (OTE) for sales and customer success roles, equity, sign-on payments, and a comprehensive range of health, welfare, and wellbeing benefits based on eligibility.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Your recruiter can provide more details about the specific salary/OTE&nbsp; range for your preferred location during the hiring process.</p></div><div class="title">Base Pay Range in Local Currency:</div><div class="pay-range"><span>$264,000</span><span class="divider">&mdash;</span><span>$396,000 AUD</span></div></div></div><div class="content-conclusion"><p><em>This role may require up to 10% travel for purposes such as new hire onboarding, client or partner work if applicable, team meetings, and industry events. Travel is coordinated in advance.</em></p>
<p><strong>Get to Know Klaviyo</strong></p>
<p>We’re Klaviyo (pronounced clay-vee-oh). We empower creators to own their destiny by making first-party data accessible and actionable like never before. We see limitless potential for the technology we’re developing to nurture personalized experiences in ecommerce and beyond. To reach our goals, we need our own crew of remarkable creators—ambitious and collaborative teammates who stay focused on our north star: delighting our customers. If you’re ready to do the best work of your career, where you’ll be welcomed as your whole self from day one and supported with generous benefits, we hope you’ll join us.</p>
<p><em>AI fluency at Klaviyo includes responsible use of AI (including privacy, security, bias awareness, and human-in-the-loop). We provide accommodations as needed.&nbsp;</em></p>
<p><em>By participating in Klaviyo’s interview process, you acknowledge that you have read, understood, and will adhere to our&nbsp;<a href="https://www.klaviyo.com/careers/ai-guidance" target="\_blank" data-saferedirecturl="https://www.google.com/url?q=https://www.klaviyo.com/careers/ai-guidance&amp;source=gmail&amp;ust=1761072778777000&amp;usg=AOvVaw0auUcRqeYRczM9UoXAKldj">Guidelines for using AI in the Klaviyo interview Process</a>. For more information about how we process your personal data, see our&nbsp;<a href="https://www.klaviyo.com/legal/job-applicant-privacy-notice" target="\_blank" data-saferedirecturl="https://www.google.com/url?q=https://www.klaviyo.com/legal/job-applicant-privacy-notice&amp;source=gmail&amp;ust=1761072778777000&amp;usg=AOvVaw1axMoReIM1qwTbmaPcLI\_b">Job Applicant Privacy Notice</a>.<br></em></p>
<p><em>Klaviyo is committed to a policy of equal opportunity and non-discrimination. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, ethnicity, citizenship, national origin, color, religion or religious creed, age, sex (including pregnancy), gender identity, sexual orientation, physical or mental disability, veteran or active military status, marital status, criminal record, genetics, retaliation, sexual harassment or any other characteristic protected by applicable law.</em></p>
<div id="1737752197.414839" class="c-virtual\_list\_\_item" data-qa="virtual-list-item" data-item-key="1737752197.414839">
<div class="c-message\_kit\_\_background p-message\_pane\_message\_\_message c-message\_kit\_\_message" data-qa="message\_container" data-qa-unprocessed="false" data-qa-placeholder="false">
<div class="c-message\_kit\_\_hover" data-qa-hover="true">
<div class="c-message\_kit\_\_actions c-message\_kit\_\_actions--default">
<div class="c-message\_kit\_\_gutter">
<div class="c-message\_kit\_\_gutter\_\_right" data-qa="message\_content">
<div class="c-message\_kit\_\_blocks c-message\_kit\_\_blocks--rich\_text">
<div class="c-message\_\_message\_blocks c-message\_\_message\_blocks--rich\_text" data-qa="message-text">
<div class="p-block\_kit\_renderer" data-qa="block-kit-renderer">
<div class="p-block\_kit\_renderer\_\_block\_wrapper p-block\_kit\_renderer\_\_block\_wrapper--first">
<div class="p-rich\_text\_block">
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section"><em data-stringify-type="italic">IMPORTANT NOTICE: Our company takes the security and privacy of job applicants very seriously. We will never ask for payment, bank details, or personal financial information as part of the application process. All our legitimate job postings can be found on our official career site. Please be cautious of job offers that come from non-company email addresses (@klaviyo.com), instant messaging platforms, or unsolicited calls.</em></div>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section">&nbsp;</div>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section"><strong data-stringify-type="bold">By clicking "Submit Application" you consent to Klaviyo processing your Personal Data in accordance with our Job Applicant Privacy Notice.&nbsp; If you do not wish for Klaviyo to process your Personal Data, please do not submit an application.<em data-stringify-type="italic">&nbsp; </em></strong><em data-stringify-type="italic">You can find our Job Applicant Privacy Notice&nbsp;</em><em data-stringify-type="italic"><a class="c-link" href="https://www.klaviyo.com/legal/job-applicant-privacy-notice" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://www.klaviyo.com/legal/job-applicant-privacy-notice" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">here</a></em><em data-stringify-type="italic">&nbsp;and <a href="https://www.klaviyo.com/fr/legal/job-applicant-privacy-notice">here</a> (FR).</em></div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div id="1737477146.268809" class="c-virtual\_list\_\_item" data-qa="virtual-list-item" data-item-key="1737477146.268809">
<div class="c-message\_kit\_\_background p-message\_pane\_message\_\_message c-message\_kit\_\_message" data-qa="message\_container" data-qa-unprocessed="false" data-qa-placeholder="false">
<div class="c-message\_kit\_\_hover" data-qa-hover="true">
<div class="c-message\_kit\_\_actions c-message\_kit\_\_actions--above">
<div class="c-message\_kit\_\_gutter">
<div class="c-message\_kit\_\_gutter\_\_left">&nbsp;</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div></div>