<p><strong>About us @Symphony</strong></p>
<p>We’ve spent the last 10 years building a communication and markets technology company, powered by interconnected platforms: messaging, voice, directory and analytics.&nbsp; Over 1000 institutions use our modular technology built for global finance. Security is in our DNA with uncompromising data protection, end-to-end encryption and resilient architecture, all created on a foundation of trust with our customers .&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>But that was only chapter one.</strong> We’re now building on our purpose-built network, expanding AI-powered, real-time collaboration, redefining flexibility with fully cloud-native software with our trader voice product, and rethinking the industry’s approach to identity verification, connection and intelligence. .</p>
<p><strong>The opportunity and our ambition are huge</strong>. But we need passionate, dedicated individuals to get there. At Symphony we work hard and fast. Our unique blend of technology and financial services makes it an environment you won't get elsewhere.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><span style="text-decoration: underline;"><strong>Role description:</strong></span></p>
<p>As a Marketing Intern, you'll have the exciting opportunity to work alongside our marketing team, gain practical experience in marketing strategies, and contribute to driving our brand's success.</p>
<p>Position Overview: We're seeking an enthusiastic and motivated Marketing Intern to join our team. This internship will provide you with hands-on exposure to various aspects of marketing, including digital marketing, content creation, campaign execution, and more.</p>
<p><strong>&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p><span style="text-decoration: underline;"><strong>Key Responsibilities:</strong></span></p>
<ul>
<li>Assist in creating and curating engaging content for various marketing channels, including social media, blog posts, and newsletters.</li>
<li>Collaborate with the marketing team to plan and execute marketing campaigns that align with our brand and objectives.</li>
<li>Help monitor and analyze the performance of marketing campaigns and provide insights for optimization.</li>
<li>Participate in brainstorming sessions to generate creative ideas for new marketing initiatives.</li>
<li>Assist in maintaining and updating the company's website and social media profiles.</li>
<li>Support the creation of marketing materials, such as brochures, presentations, and advertisements.</li>
<li>Conduct market research and competitive analysis to identify trends and opportunities.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><span style="text-decoration: underline;"><strong>Qualifications:</strong></span></p>
<ul>
<li>Enrolled in a degree program related to Marketing, Communications, Business Administration, or a related field.</li>
<li>Strong written and verbal communication skills.</li>
<li>Creativity and an eye for design, with basic graphic design skills being a plus.</li>
<li>Familiarity with social media platforms and digital marketing concepts.</li>
<li>Proficiency in G-Suite, Microsoft Office or similar software.</li>
<li>Previous marketing experience, coursework, or personal projects are advantageous.</li>
<li>Analytical mindset and the ability to interpret data to make informed marketing decisions.</li>
<li>Strong organizational skills and attention to detail.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><span style="text-decoration: underline;"><strong>Benefits:</strong></span></p>
<ul>
<li>Gain practical experience in various facets of marketing and campaign execution.</li>
<li>Learn about marketing strategies, content creation, and data analysis.</li>
<li>Receive mentorship and guidance from experienced marketing professionals.</li>
<li>Develop skills in communication, creativity, and problem-solving.</li>
<li>Networking opportunities within the company and the marketing industry.</li>
<li>Develop a strong understanding of Symphony's products/services and its relevance in the marketplace.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>Join us for an exciting internship that will allow you to make a significant impact on our brand's growth and marketing efforts. Apply now and be part of our dynamic marketing team!</p>
<p>We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, colour, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. We will ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment.</p>