<h2><strong>Who we are</strong></h2>
<h3><strong>About Stripe</strong></h3>
<p>Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies - from the world’s largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups - use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyone's reach while doing the most important work of your career.</p>
<h3><strong>About the team</strong></h3>
<p>Stripe’s Solutions Architecture team works with our largest and most complex users to understand their business and technical requirements and map those to Stripe technology. We design robust technical solutions and seamlessly embed those into our users’ financial infrastructures to help them facilitate payment transactions, manage money movements and simplify operational processes.&nbsp;</p>
<h2><strong>What you’ll do</strong></h2>
<p>The Solutions Architect will build highly consultative relationships with the decision makers in the user’s organizations to provide business and technical thought leadership, and become a trusted advisor in solving complex business challenges and driving growth for our users.</p>
<ul>
<li>Drive thought leadership and build executive relationships with key technical stakeholders including CEO, CTO, Head of Payments, etc.</li>
<li>Be a domain expert in Stripe core technology and product suites</li>
<li>Work to deeply understand the user’s business objectives and co-develop a financial services roadmap and reference architecture</li>
<li>Expand Stripe’s footprint within existing users to new global markets by introducing new capabilities</li>
<li>Collaborate with multiple internal stakeholders including Go-To-Market, Product &amp; Engineer, Marketing, Legal, Risk and etc, to drive technical wins for our users</li>
<li>Act as the voice of the customer to influence Stripe’s product roadmap on insights, trends, and opportunities across our users</li>
<li>Work closely with professional services and partners to accelerate activations and time to live</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Who you are</strong></h2>
<p>Solutions Architects are experienced technologists with a strong background developing integrations, consulting with customers to understand their objectives, and leveraging technology to drive business value.</p>
<ul>
<li>A capable engineer, with previous background building web or mobile applications and experience of working with customers and/or partners in a customer facing solution development role</li>
<li>Possess strong technical knowledge in software architecture, have breadth across technology stacks with deep hands on skills, and comfortable talking about technical concepts and explaining how they work, both from a product feature and API architecture perspective</li>
<li>A great communicator, comfortable explaining complex concepts to both technical and non-technical audiences.</li>
<li>Interested in solving open ended business problems with a combination of technology and creative thinking.</li>
<li>Experienced working in the sales lifecycle and driving outcomes in a customer-facing environment.</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>Minimum requirements</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Is comfortable writing code in a few of Stripe’s primary deployment languages (Ruby, Python, JavaScript, Java, etc.) and enjoys learning new languages and technologies.</li>
<li>Has experience integrating Stripe or other RESTful APIs into web applications.</li>
<li>Has a background working in a similar customer-facing role (e.g. solutions architect, sales engineer, or partner engineer).</li>
<li>4+ years of experience.</li>
<li>Thrives in a cross-functional, collaborative environment.</li>
<li>Strong communication skills in both French and English.</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>Preferred qualifications</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Additional language: Spanish or Italian</li>
<li>A background in payments systems and Ecommerce solutions</li>
</ul>