<h2>Job Details</h2>
<p>We have multiple opportunities for <strong>Pick Packing, Food manufacturing &amp; Hygiene Process workers </strong>to join our manufacturing teams within our Karawatha (Southside of Brisbane) site on the Day, Afternoon or Night shifts. You would be responsible for performing a range of tasks related to the manufacture of Youfoodz products. Our teams are looking to fill multiple roles on the Early Morning AM (5-6am Starts), Afternoon PM (12-3pm Starts) &amp; Overnights (8pm starts) which are spread across all days of the week. You must be available across a minimum of 4 days a week with a minimum of 8 hours per shift for rostering purposes.</p>
<p>These positions are an ongoing casual position with the view to move to permanent.</p>
<p><strong>You will...</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Perform basic food handling tasks in accordance with Good Manufacturing and Food Safety standards.</li>
<li>Use provided equipment as instructed, or as reflected in documented policies, procedures or work instructions</li>
<li>Maintain high standards of personal hygiene</li>
<li>Alert a Team Leader/Supervisor (or other appropriate person) where there is a concern in relation to product, quality, safety or process</li>
<li>Ensure that any provided personal protective equipment (PPE) is worn as intended for the entirety of shift when in the workspace and maintained at an acceptable standard</li>
<li>Perform repetitive manual handling - ensuring that manual handling loads do not exceed 20kg for one individual, or that loads of more than 20kg are completed as a team lift</li>
<li>Adhere to traffic management policies and procedures</li>
<li>Stand for a prolonged period of time</li>
<li>Any other duties as reasonably required and directed&nbsp;&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>You have/are...</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Previous experience in a high volume, fast paced work environment</li>
<li>Ability to learn Food Safety practices, HACCP and experience with WH&amp;S principles</li>
<li>Ability to perform repetitive tasks with attention to detail</li>
<li>Ability to lift and move objects up to 20kg in some positions</li>
<li>Availability to work week days &amp; weekends, minimum 8 hour shifts.</li>
<li>Ability to follow instructions accurately and efficiently</li>
<li>Sound communication skills, including understanding of and conversational ability in the English language, both written and verbal</li>
<li>Ability to work as part of a team</li>
<li>High levels of resilience, professionalism and work ethic</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>What you’ll get in return...</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>The opportunity to make a significant impact at one of the fastest-growing global food technology companies.</li>
<li>A casual ongoing position with the view to transition to full-time.</li>
<li>Growth and future development potential for the successful candidate.</li>
<li>Weekly pay and great long-term benefits working for a global business.</li>
<li>A 40% discount on Youfoodz products.</li>
<li>Enjoy a free meal onsite during your shift.</li>
<li>Convenient on-site parking.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Location:&nbsp;</strong> Karawatha, Brisbane - Parking on site</p>
<p><strong>Start Date: </strong>Immediately available&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Duration: </strong>Ongoing casual with the chance to move to permanent</p>
<p>#youfoodz</p>
<p>#LI-Onsite</p>
<p>Here at Youfoodz, we are bringing a team of talented people together! You'll get to work with a team that says yes to new ideas, a team that is all about innovation, continuous improvement and delivering high quality food products 100% of the time!</p>
<p>We are always looking for future superstars of the business and can offer the right candidates progression, future development and all that comes with it.</p>
<p>We are looking forward to creating the future of food together with you!</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>