<div class="content-intro"><p>At Trustpilot, we're on an incredible journey. We're a profitable, high-growth FTSE-250 company with a big vision: to become the universal symbol of trust. We run the world's largest independent consumer review platform, and while we've come a long way, there's still so much exciting work to do. Come join us at the heart of trust!</p></div><p>We are searching for a Salesforce Technical Lead, with expertise in building robust and scalable solutions to join Trustpilot’s Go-to-Market Technology department. This role will be pivotal in shaping large strategic projects within our Salesforce platform, collaborating across our commercial, marketing and customer service teams.&nbsp;</p>
<p>The ideal candidate will have a strong background in up-to-date and current Salesforce Development, a proactive approach to operational excellence and a keen eye for system architecture, code quality, as well as process automation. This is a new position and is a key link with the business-wide Salesforce team, which is responsible for the entire company’s Salesforce ecosystem.</p>
<p><strong>What You’ll Be Doing:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Salesforce Development &amp; Architecture</li>
<li>Design, develop, and implement custom Salesforce solutions using Apex, Visualforce, Lightning Web Components (LWC) and other programmatic capabilities to meet the needs of the GTM Tech team and wider business needs</li>
<li>Develop and maintain complex Salesforce Flows and automation, ensuring adherence to best practices and optimal performance</li>
<li>Providing end-to-end project leadership: from initial solution design, establishing delivery timelines, and cross-functional problem solving to final delivery and senior-level reporting</li>
<li>Integrate Salesforce with internal and external systems using APIs and various integration patterns</li>
<li>Collaborate closely with the organization-wide Salesforce team, participating in code reviews and ensuring solutions align with the broader Salesforce ecosystem strategy</li>
<li>Design and implement Salesforce best practices, focusing on scalable architecture, data integrity, security, and performance optimisation</li>
<li>Support incident management and processes directly within Salesforce through custom development and troubleshooting</li>
<li>Collaborate with stakeholders to gather complex requirements, translate them into technical specifications, and deliver high-quality, scalable Salesforce solutions</li>
<li>Own and managed the CI/CD processes used within the Salesforce team ensuring best practices and optimising ways of working to support a high velocity of work including but not limited to providing training to colleagues</li>
<li>Apply declarative change solutions to project delivery work</li>
<li>Develop and maintain comprehensive technical documentation for Salesforce customizations, integrations, and deployment processes</li>
<li>Maintain Trustpilot system auditing evidence and documentation</li>
<li>Provide mentoring &amp; coaching to more junior Administrators for skills development</li>
<li>Create a collaborative and inclusive team environment to encourage knowledge sharing and continuous learning<br><br></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Who You Are:</strong></p>
<p><strong>Technical Skills</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Minimum: Advanced Administrator or Platform Developer I certifications - Platform Developer II is highly valued</li>
<li>7+ years of hands-on experience as a Salesforce Developer, specifically with Salesforce Sales Cloud (although experience of other clouds is also desirable), demonstrating a proven track record of designing, developing and deploying complex programmatic solutions</li>
<li>Extensive experience with Salesforce Lightning Experience development (Aura Components and Lightning Web Components)</li>
<li>Experience with Agentforce is a strong plus</li>
<li>Experience in highly distributed systems with other Salesforce certifications (e.g., Application Architect, System Architect, Integration Architecture Designer) is a strong plus</li>
<li>Demonstrated expert proficiency in Salesforce programmatic functionalities, including Apex, Visualforce, Lightning Web Components (LWC), SOQL/SOSL, and platform events</li>
<li>Strong understanding and experience with Salesforce APIs (REST, SOAP, Bulk) and integration patterns.</li>
<li>Deep understanding of Salesforce security models (profiles, permission sets, sharing rules, roles) and their programmatic implications</li>
<li>Deep proficiency in using developer tools like VS Code, Salesforce CLI, Git for version control, and CI/CD pipelines</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Collaboration</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Strong interpersonal and communication skills, with the ability to collaborate effectively with technical and non-technical stakeholders, conduct technical discussions, and mentor team members.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Adaptability</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>A proactive and flexible mindset, ready to embrace new challenges and technologies in the Salesforce ecosystem.</li>
<li>Ability to adapt to changing project requirements and priorities in a dynamic development environment.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Process Orientation</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Demonstrated ability to design and implement robust, scalable, and maintainable Salesforce solutions that drive operational efficiency.</li>
<li>Strong analytical and problem-solving skills, with a proactive approach to identifying, troubleshooting, and resolving complex technical issues effectively.<br><br></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Who We Are:</strong></p>
<p>We are the GTM Technology team and are fully responsible for our Salesforce and GTM systems, delivering projects from large strategic change to smaller change requests and servicing our commercial, ops, marketing and service organisations.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Our team is predominantly based in London, with some colleagues in Copenhagen and New York. We are looking for a fun, outgoing person with an equal drive to perform. No problem is too big or too small in our team. We like to roll up our sleeves collectively and work together on projects.</p>
<p><strong>What’s In It For You:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>A range of flexible working options to dedicate time to what matters to you</li>
<li>Competitive compensation package + bonus</li>
<li>25 days holiday per year, increasing to 28 days after 2 years of employment&nbsp;</li>
<li>Two (paid) volunteering days a year to spend your time giving back to the causes that matter to you and your community</li>
<li>Rich learning and development opportunities are supported through the Trustpilot Academy and Blinkist</li>
<li>Pension and life insurance</li>
<li>Health cash plan, online GP, 24/7, Employee Assistance Plan</li>
<li>Full access to Headspace, a popular mindfulness app to promote positive mental health</li>
<li>Paid parental leave</li>
<li>Season ticket loan and a cycle-to-work scheme</li>
<li>Central office location complete with table tennis, a gaming corner, coffee bars and all the snacks and refreshments you can ask for - or work remotely if you prefer&nbsp;</li>
<li>Regular opportunities to connect and get to know your fellow Trusties, including company-wide celebrations and events, ERG activities, and team socials</li>
<li>Access to over 4,000 deals and discounts on things like travel, electronics, fashion, fitness, cinema discounts, and more</li>
<li>Independent financial advice and free standard professional mortgage broker advice</li>
<li>Talent acceleration programs: Fast-track your career with our tailored development programs designed to support growth at whatever stage of your career</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Still Not Sure?</strong></p>
<p>We want to be a part of creating a more diverse, equitable and inclusive world of work for all. We’re excited to hear about your experiences along with how you will contribute to our working culture. Even if you don’t feel you meet all the requirements, we'd still really like to hear from you! We are expanding across our Salesforce team from Administrators &amp; Developers, to Technical Lead, it's a really exciting time to join!</p>
<p><br><br></p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>About us</strong></p>
<p>Trustpilot began in 2007 with a simple yet powerful idea that is more relevant today than ever — to be the universal symbol of trust, bringing consumers and businesses together through reviews. Trustpilot is open, independent, and impartial — we help consumers make the right choices and businesses to build trust, grow and improve.</p>
<p>Today, we have more than 300 million reviews and 64 million monthly active users on average across the globe, with 140 billion annual Trustbox impressions, and the numbers keep growing. We have more than 1,000 employees and we’re headquartered in Copenhagen, with operations in Amsterdam, Denver, Edinburgh, Hamburg, London, Melbourne, Milan and New York.&nbsp;</p>
<p>We’re driven by connection. It’s at the heart of what we do. Our culture keeps things fresh –– it’s built on the relationships we create. We talk, we laugh, we collaborate and we respect each other. We work across borders and cultures to be the universal symbol of trust in an ever-changing world. With vibrant office locations worldwide and over 50 nationalities, we’re proud to be an equal opportunity workplace with diverse perspectives and ideas.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Our purpose to help people and businesses help each other is a tall order, but we keep it real. We’re a great bunch of humans, doing awesome stuff, without fuss or pretense. A successful Trustpilot future is driven by you –– we give you the autonomy to shape a career you can be proud of. If you’re ready to grow, let’s go.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Join us at the heart of trust.</strong></p>
<p><em>Trustpilot is committed to creating an inclusive environment where people from all backgrounds can thrive and where different viewpoints and experiences are valued and respected. Trustpilot will consider all applications for employment without regard to race, ethnicity, national origin, religious beliefs, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, neurodiversity, disability, age, parental or veteran status. Together, we are the heart of trust.</em></p>
<p><em>Trustpilot is a global company and our data practices are designed to ensure that your personally identifiable information is appropriately protected. Please note that your personal information will be transferred, accessed, and stored globally as necessary for the uses and disclosures stated in our <a href="https://corporate.trustpilot.com/legal/for-everyone/data-privacy-notice-for-candidates/dec-2024">Privacy Policy.</a><br><br><em data-stringify-type="italic">If you have a disability and would like to discuss any adjustments you might need either in submitting your application, or to the recruitment process more generally, please let us know by contacting our Talent Acquisition Team (talent.acquisition@trustpilot.com)</em><em data-stringify-type="italic">&nbsp;quoting the role you wish to apply for.<br></em></em></p></div>