<p>
  <strong>Headquarters:</strong> Madrid (Remote) / Barcelona (Remote)
</p>

<div class="content"><div class="section-wrapper page-full-width"><div class="section page-centered"><div><span>Why should you join dLocal?</span></div><div><br></div><div><span>dLocal enables the biggest companies in the world to collect payments in 40 countries in emerging markets. Global brands rely on us to increase conversion rates and simplify payment expansion effortlessly. As both a payments processor and a merchant of record where we operate, we make it possible for our merchants to make inroads into the world’s fastest-growing, emerging markets.&nbsp;</span></div><div><br></div><div><span>By joining us you will be a part of an amazing global team that makes it all happen, in a flexible, remote-first dynamic culture with travel, health and learning benefits, among others. Being a part of dLocal means working with 1000+ teammates from 30+ different nationalities and developing an international career that impacts millions of people’s daily lives. We are builders, we never run from a challenge, we are customer-centric, and if this sounds like you, we know you will thrive in our team.</span></div><div><br></div><div><br></div><div><br></div><div><br></div><div><b>About the AI Core team</b></div><div><br></div><div><span>The AI Core team is a central pillar of our engineering organization. Our mission is to empower dLocal's engineers to build, deploy, and maintain AI-powered solutions with speed and quality. We create the platforms, tools, and best practices that enable product teams to leverage the full potential of AI, providing efficiency in automations for our operation and also enabling our product teams to improve our solutions faster.</span></div><div><br></div><div><b>The Role</b></div><div><br></div><div><span>We are looking for a Technical Product Manager to join our AI Core team. This is a unique role for someone who is passionate about building products for developers and is an avid AI enthusiast. You will be responsible for defining the vision, strategy, and roadmap for the tools and platforms that will accelerate the adoption of AI across dLocal. </span></div><div><span>Inspired by the principles of engineer-led product development, this role is perfect for someone with a strong technical background who wants to have a direct impact on the productivity and innovation of our engineering teams. You will work closely with our top engineers to identify their needs, prioritize features, and deliver solutions that they love to use.</span></div></div><div class="section page-centered"><div><h3>What will I be doing?</h3><ul class="posting-requirements plain-list"><ul><li><b>Product Strategy:</b> Co-create and align the AI Core team's product vision, strategy, and roadmap with overall company goals, working closely with engineering</li><li><b>Developer-First Mindset:</b> You will collaborate closely with our AI engineering team, serving as the customer's advocate. Since your customers are developers, your engineering team will interact directly with them, gathering insights to inform the roadmap and backlog. This will require a deep understanding of their workflows, challenges, and needs.</li><li><b>Technical Roadmap:</b> co-create the product backlog with the engineering team, prioritize features, and write clear and concise product specifications.</li><li><b>Cross-functional Collaboration and Communication:</b> Work closely with other engineering and product teams to ensure the successful delivery and adoption of your products.</li><li><b>AI Evangelist:</b> Stay up-to-date with the latest advancements in AI and identify opportunities to apply them to solve real-world problems at dLocal.</li><li><b>Measure Success:</b> Define and analyze metrics to measure the impact and success of the AI Core team's products</li><li><b>Leverage AI:</b> Actively use AI tools in your day-to-day work to improve your own productivity and to better understand the needs of your users.</li></ul></ul></div></div><div class="section page-centered"><div><h3>What skills do I need?</h3><ul class="posting-requirements plain-list"><ul><li>Excellent written and oral communication skills in English is a must</li><li>Spanish is desirable</li><li>Experience being a technical PM OR Developer background</li><li>Experience with cloud platforms (e.g., AWS, GCP, Azure).</li><div><br></div></ul></ul></div></div><div class="section page-centered"><div><span>What do we offer?</span></div><div><br></div><div>Besides the tailored benefits we have for each country, dLocal will help you thrive and go that extra mile by offering you:</div><div>- Remote work: work from anywhere or one of our offices around the globe!*</div><div>- Flexibility: we have flexible schedules and we are driven by performance.</div><div>- Fintech industry: work in a dynamic and ever-evolving environment, with plenty to build and boost your creativity.</div><div>- Referral bonus program: our internal talents are the best recruiters - refer someone ideal for a role and get rewarded.</div><div>- Learning &amp; development: get access to a Premium Coursera subscription.</div><div>- Language classes: we provide free English, Spanish, or Portuguese classes.</div><div>- Social budget: you'll get a monthly budget to chill out with your team (in person or remotely) and deepen your connections!</div><div>- dLocal Houses: want to rent a house to spend one week anywhere in the world coworking with your team? We’ve got your back!</div><div><br></div><div>*For people based in Montevideo (Uruguay) applying to non-IT roles, 55% monthly attendance to the office is required</div><div><br></div><div><br></div><div><span>What happens after you apply?</span></div><div>Our Talent Acquisition team is invested in creating the best candidate experience possible, so don’t worry, you will definitely hear from us. We will review your CV and keep you posted by email at every step of the process!</div><div><br></div><div>Also, you can check out our&nbsp;<a href="https://t.lever-analytics.com/email-link?dest=https%3A%2F%2Fdlocal.com%2F&amp;eid=aef21020-4dcd-46c4-9847-95ccd3651332&amp;idx=1&amp;token=rqc7gOyvQkQ91DDUfVxbdQLVTfQ">webpage</a>,&nbsp;<a href="https://t.lever-analytics.com/email-link?dest=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.linkedin.com%2Fcompany%2Fdlocal%2F&amp;eid=aef21020-4dcd-46c4-9847-95ccd3651332&amp;idx=2&amp;token=0eI_Z5HRCSV966dZjpsae-VX3dw">Linkedin</a>,&nbsp;<a href="https://t.lever-analytics.com/email-link?dest=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.instagram.com%2Fdlocalteam%2F&amp;eid=aef21020-4dcd-46c4-9847-95ccd3651332&amp;idx=3&amp;token=wAtqLN_rY3KGURUwXWWs7FFRUp8">Instagram</a>, and&nbsp;<a href="https://t.lever-analytics.com/email-link?dest=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.youtube.com%2Fc%2FdLocalPayments&amp;eid=aef21020-4dcd-46c4-9847-95ccd3651332&amp;idx=4&amp;token=ldItr6wwoy9FP2UZu32oh3E27W4">Youtube</a>&nbsp;for more about dLocal!</div></div></div></div>

<p><strong>To apply:</strong> <a href="https://weworkremotely.com/remote-jobs/dlocal-technical-product-manager-ai-core-team">https://weworkremotely.com/remote-jobs/dlocal-technical-product-manager-ai-core-team</a></p>