<div class="content-intro"><p>We are a global team of innovators and pioneers dedicated to shaping the future of observability. At New Relic, we build an intelligent platform that empowers companies to thrive in an AI-first world by giving them unparalleled insight into their complex systems. As we continue to expand our global footprint, we're looking for passionate people to join our mission. If you're ready to help the world's best companies optimize their digital applications, we invite you to explore a career with us!</p></div><div class="p-rich\_text\_section"><strong>Your Opportunity</strong><br>Are you a passionate talent acquisition leader, capable of leading a high-impact, agile team? New Relic is among the fastest growing SaaS companies, and we are looking for someone who will bring a blend of leadership in elevating the team and strategy to support our continuous growth!<br>We are seeking a leader who will thrive in a fast-paced environment, with a bias for action. You’re able to build high-trust partnerships both with internal partners and business leaders across the organization and have a real passion for building extraordinary recruiting programs and processes.</div>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section">&nbsp;</div>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section"><strong>What You'll Do</strong></div>
<ul class="p-rich\_text\_list p-rich\_text\_list\_\_bullet p-rich\_text\_list--nested" data-stringify-type="unordered-list" data-list-tree="true" data-indent="0" data-border="0">
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">Lead, inspire and develop a team of Regional Recruiters that are passionate and accountable to build and deliver inclusive hiring strategies</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">Build innovative and inclusive recruitment strategy for the Region that aligns to business priorities and workforce plans that include a meticulous focus on building diverse pipelines, effective assessment processes that scale and strong candidate experience</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">Drive adoption of our hiring framework, "Hiring For Success" through trainings, communication, data to ensure a consistent and equitable process that results in hiring the right talent for New Relic</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">Coach and develop varying levels of team members, continue to set a higher standard for excellence in performance, build strong business insight, and advisors to key internal partners</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">Partner and collaborate across global teams to ensure alignment, build cohesion and engagement as a People Team (including other TA leaders, HRBP's, Compensation, Ops, etc)</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">Empower a data oriented recruiting team, using data to set hiring priorities, setting clear expectations, and aligning resources to deliver on hiring targets.</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">Use analytics and industry intelligence to provide insights and analysis to use in strategic decision making</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">Create and deliver to key programs/projects that improve the diversity, process, and strategy for the region in alignment with Global TA/People Strategy</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">Ensure a high quality experience for both candidates and hiring leaders</li>
</ul>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section"><strong>Your Qualifications</strong></div>
<ul class="p-rich\_text\_list p-rich\_text\_list\_\_bullet p-rich\_text\_list--nested" data-stringify-type="unordered-list" data-list-tree="true" data-indent="0" data-border="0">
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">12 + years of talent acquisition experience in with at least 4+ in technology industry, preferably SaaS/Product companies</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">Experienced working in high-growth/fast paced environment, contributing to transformation and growth of the TA function</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">3+ years of leadership/mentorship experience</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">Proven experience mentoring, coaching and elevating team performance across varied levels of experience</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">Demonstrated ability devising and leading talent strategies in a fast-growth tech environment</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">Proven ability to build strategic relationship with business leaders and internal partners by engaging, advising and delivering business solutions</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">Demonstrated ability to drive and implement to a strategic roadmap and project management skills to drive to a common goal and reach major achievements and landmarks</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">Proven experience using data analysis to drive business decisions using historical hiring trends, market data and insights</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">Extraordinary presentation and communication skills to use for influencing and informing key leaders of TA Philosophy, Hiring Framework, current hiring trends or to assess need for course correction</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">Global recruiting experience is desirable</li>
</ul>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section">Please note, this position is not eligible for visa sponsorship.</div><div class="content-conclusion"><p>Fostering a diverse, welcoming and inclusive environment is important to us. We work hard to make everyone feel comfortable bringing their best, most authentic selves to work every day. We celebrate our talented Relics’ different backgrounds and abilities, and recognize the different paths they took to reach us – including nontraditional ones. Their experiences and perspectives inspire us to make our products and company the best they can be. We’re looking for people who feel connected to our mission and values, not just candidates who check off all the boxes.&nbsp;</p>
<p>If you require a reasonable accommodation to complete any part of the application or recruiting process, please reach out to <a href="mailto:resume@newrelic.com" target="\_blank">resume@newrelic.com</a>.</p>
<p>We believe in empowering all Relics to achieve professional and business success through a flexible workforce model. This model allows us to work in a variety of workplaces that best support our success, including fully office-based, fully remote, or hybrid.</p>
<p><strong>Our hiring process</strong><br><br>In compliance with applicable law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work and to complete employment eligibility verification. Note: Our stewardship of the data of thousands of customers means that a criminal background check is required to join New Relic.<br><br>We will consider qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records based on individual circumstances and in accordance with applicable law including, but not limited to, the&nbsp;<a href="https://sfgov.org/olse/sites/default/files/FCO%20poster2020.pdf" target="\_blank">San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance</a>.<br><br>Headhunters and recruitment agencies may not submit resumes/CVs through this website or directly to managers. New Relic does not accept unsolicited headhunter and agency resumes, and will not pay fees to any third-party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with New Relic.</p>
<p>New Relic develops and distributes encryption software and technology that complies with U.S. export controls and licensing requirements. Certain New Relic roles require candidates to pass an export compliance assessment as a condition of employment in any global location. If relevant, we will provide more information later in the application process.</p>
<p>Candidates are evaluated based on qualifications, regardless of race, religion, ethnicity, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender expression or identity, age, disability, neurodiversity, veteran or marital status, political viewpoint, or other legally protected characteristics.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Review our Applicant Privacy Notice at&nbsp;<a href="https://newrelic.com/termsandconditions/applicant-privacy-policy" target="\_blank">https://newrelic.com/termsandconditions/applicant-privacy-policy</a></p></div>