<h2><strong>The role</strong></h2>
<p>As a <strong>Freelance Food Stylist</strong> in our Studio, you’ll support the creative execution of our food content across recipe photography. Working closely with cooks, photographers, and Art Directors, you’ll help bring our dishes to life on camera through thoughtful, consistent, and visually engaging styling.</p>
<p>This hands-on role is ideal for someone passionate about food styling and ready to contribute to a high-performing, collaborative studio team.</p>
<p style="text-align: justify;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Above all, we are looking for people who will <strong>make HelloFresh</strong> <strong>better.</strong> We believe there are many different ways of developing skills and we love diverse experiences! So even if you don’t “tick all the boxes” but think you’d thrive in this role, we would really like to learn more about you.</span></p>
<h2><strong>What you’ll do</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Food and set styling for recipe shoots serving an international audience, delivering content across all online and offline channels</li>
<li>Prepare and style dishes according to style guides</li>
<li>Collaborate with cooks, photographers, and Art Directors</li>
<li>A good understanding of how to interpret and apply style guides, ensuring all styling aligns with the brand’s visual identity and overall look &amp; feel</li>
<li>Assist in maintaining styling standards, prop organization, and studio workflows</li>
<li>Help ensure shoot goals and daily deliverables are met with attention to detail and efficiency</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>What you’ll bring</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>3+ years of experience in food styling</li>
<li>A portfolio or examples of work that showcase your experience, your eye for food presentation and attention to detail</li>
<li>Enthusiasm for working in a fast-paced, collaborative studio environment</li>
<li>Strong sense of organization and a proactive, can-do attitude</li>
<li>Good understanding of composition, texture, and color in visual storytelling</li>
<li>Passion for food, ingredients, and keeping up with current styling and culinary trends</li>
<li>Clear communication skills and a positive, team-oriented mindset</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Are you up for the challenge?</strong></h2>
<p style="text-align: justify;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Please submit your complete application below including your salary expectations and earliest starting date.</span></p>
<p style="text-align: justify;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">After submitting an application our team will review this and get back to you within 5 business days.&nbsp;</span></p>