At Layup Parts, our mission is simple: deliver high-quality composite parts faster. We’re a technology-first manufacturing startupthat’s revolutionizing how composite tooling and parts are made for the aerospace and defense industries. Our customers are developing tomorrow's high-tech products, and we are building technology to accelerate their success.

As we continue to grow, we’re looking for a Construction and Facilities leader who will be responsible for the full scope of services required to set up new facilities while maintaining existing ones. As the first employee in this group, you have a broad breadth of experience enabling you to solve problems, set up facilities programs, and develop new sites.

We’re looking for someone who can further the strategic while addressing the tactical. You will be responsible for the full scope of all construction and facilities services; you are a person who can maintain day-to-day operations while developing thinking ahead to six months, 1 year, or 3 years in the future. You aggressively seek to solve problems and are willing to tackle new challenges. Pay, title, and job description are flexible; we’re interested in any and all talents you’d like to contribute to the team!

## What You'll Do:

- **Construction:**
- Work with manufacturing and mechanical engineers to develop project scopes. Research and review equipment specifications to determine facility requirements (foundation, compressed air, vacuum, power).
- Responsible for initial location scouting and facility assessment to determine suitability of existing building use for Layup’s application.
- Develop full scopes of work and initial project estimations for capex planning. Gather and help define requirements from end users.
- Develop high level construction schedules as needed for facility planning
- Create scopes of work and initiate RFQs to all engineering consultants and construction contractors required to execute construction. Initiate a competitive bidding process for all contractors and suppliers.
- Manage all external engineering consultants responsible for facility design.
- Manage all construction contractors, consultants, and facilities vendors.
- Interface with local jurisdictions (building permit agencies, fire authorities, etc.) as needed.
- Responsible for all day-to-day construction activities, including meeting and coordinating all contractor activities
- **Facilities:**
- Responsible for all ongoing facility maintenance and resolving any urgent repair requirements.
- Responsible for all ongoing facilities services contracts, including: janitorial, landscaping, fire sprinkler / fire alarm inspection, fire extinguisher maintenance, pest control, trash disposal, etc.
- Use experience or research to ensure compliance with local regulations, including stormwater regulations, industrial wastewater disposal, AQMD and fire requirements.
- Maintain facilities consumables such as paper towels, cleaning supplies, bathroom tissue, and other supplies.
- Consider ITAR and CMMC compliance requirements for daily
- Manage the facility with the goal of maintaining a clean, bright, futuristic manufacturing environment.
- **EHS:**
- Create and own a hazardous waste storage disposal program. Including creation of any necessary hazardous waste storage areas, establishing relationships with disposal vendors, and completing any necessary permitting documentation
- Create a Hazcom program and maintain it as required per local jurisdiction requirements
- Monitor facility activities to determine compliance with AQMD and NFPA requirements.

## Required:

- Being awesome! Be the kind of person you want to work with!
- 5+ years of relevant experience in an engineering or construction field.
- Strong understanding of construction and facilities operations in a manufacturing environment.
- Experience developing construction project scopes and estimating projects
- Experience awarding engineering or construction contracts and managing daily construction operations.
- Experience in startups or small teams in fast-paced and quickly changing environments. Experience with little to no established systems or structure.
- Excellent written, verbal, and group communication skills.
- Excellent time management and multitasking skills; addresses all work with sense of urgency. Enjoys working on many different tasks in one day
- Position may require extended hours or weekend work

## Preferred:

- Background in mechanical, electrical or environmental engineering.
- Experience interacting with AHJs such as planning and building departments, fire departments, and other governing agencies.
- Strong understanding of OSHA, NFPA, AQMD requirements with basic understanding of environmental health and safety requirements
- Excited by the prospect of 2x or 3x headcount growth, with the multi-facility and multi-state growth

**Equal Opportunity**

Layup is an equal-opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will be treated with respect and receive equal consideration for employment without regard to race, color, creed, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, uniform service, Veteran status, age, or any other protected characteristic per federal, state, or local law, including those with a criminal history, in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable state and local laws, including the CA Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance.

**ITAR Requirements**

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C. § 1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C. § 1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR [here](https://www.pmddtc.state.gov/?id=ddtc_kb_article_page&sys_id=24d528fddbfc930044f9ff621f961987).