<p><strong>Location:</strong> Dubai</p>
<p><strong>Start date:</strong> June 1, 2026&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>End date:&nbsp;</strong>July 31, 2026</p>
<p><strong>Duration:</strong> 9 weeks</p>
<p>Looking for an internship with commercial frontline responsibility and the opportunity to work on live client projects? Do you seek to have immediate personal impact? If so, our Client Service Internship program is the right choice for you.</p>
<p><strong>About AlphaSights</strong></p>
<p>We bring together some of the most ambitious people from around the globe to work with the leading investment funds, strategy consultancies and Fortune 500 companies. Together, we help our clients access expert knowledge, elevate their decision-making and drive progress by connecting them with niche experts across the world.</p>
<p>Founded in 2008, our journey has been nothing short of extraordinary. With 1500+ professionals in nine cities worldwide, we've firmly earned our place as a leader in our market and one of the fastest-growing companies in the world. Our relentless pursuit of excellence means we only hire the best and brightest graduates to help us reach new heights.</p>
<p><strong>Consider the Summer Associate program if:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>You thrive in a fast-paced, results-oriented environment.</li>
<li>You possess a client-first mindset.</li>
<li>You excel under pressure and enjoy working to tight deadlines.</li>
<li>You are gritty, resilient and ready to roll up your sleeves and make things happen.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>A day in the life of a Summer Associate</strong></p>
<p>As a Summer Associate in the Client Service team, you’ll be the link between our clients and the expert knowledge they seek. Throughout your workday, you’ll work on multiple projects from investors, strategists and dealmakers at top-tier client organizations seeking expert insights to inform their decision-making. This is a communications-intense frontline role requiring you to multitask across parallel workstreams.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Your responsibilities will include:</p>
<ul>
<li><strong>Recruiting experts</strong>: you will spend a significant part of your day speaking on the phone with experts who are uniquely relevant matches for your clients’ projects, often under tight deadlines.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Understanding the<strong> project and market context</strong> and the legal and regulatory environment in which your clients and experts operate.&nbsp;</li>
<li><strong>Taking ownership</strong> of every aspect of your projects, from initiating and managing client-expert communications to meticulously scheduling calls to ensure seamless collaboration between them.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Ensuring success for our Summer Associates means:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Giving you an <strong>introduction to the</strong> <strong>business world </strong>without being pigeonholed into any one industry or profession.</li>
<li>Helping you <strong>develop transferable commercial and client management skills</strong> spanning professional communications, negotiation, persuasion, project and time management.</li>
<li>Opportunity to receive a full-time employment offer to return post-graduation. Learn more about our commercial career paths <a href="https://www.alphasights.com/careers/">here.</a></li>
<li>A unique training curriculum and intense on-the-job coaching, helping you develop highly transferable commercial and managerial skills.</li>
<li>An inspiring, high-energy, merit-based environment with ambitious peers.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Requirements</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Undergraduate Junior (Class of 2027)&nbsp;</li>
<li>Track record of strong academic performance (minimum GPA of 3.3 or 2:1)&nbsp;</li>
<li>Extracurricular achievement throughout school and university</li>
<li>Internship experience evidencing an interest in business is a plus</li>
<li>Outstanding communication skills</li>
<li>Fluent English is required</li>
<li>Full professional or conversational Arabic is required</li>
<li>UAE student visa or dependent visa required</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Compensation and benefits</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Internship compensation is AED 33,334 for a 9-week program.</li>
<li>Opportunity to receive a full-time employment offer to return post-graduation. Learn more about our commercial career paths <a href="https://www.alphasights.com/careers/">here</a>.</li>
<li>State-of-the-art amenities in the heart of Dubai; option to WFH each Friday.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>AlphaSights is an equal-opportunity employer.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>#LI-DNI</strong></p>