<div class="content-intro"><h2><strong>Ready to redefine what's possible in molecular diagnostics?</strong></h2>
<p>Join a team of brilliant, passionate innovators determined to transform healthcare. At BillionToOne, we've built a category-defining, publicly traded company on Nasdaq where transparency fuels trust, collaboration drives breakthroughs, and every contribution moves the needle on our mission to make life-changing diagnostics accessible to all. We don't just aim for incremental improvements; we build products that are 10x better than anything that exists today.</p>
<p>Our scientists, engineers, sales executives, and visionaries are united by an unwavering commitment to changing the standard of care in prenatal and cancer diagnostics. This is where cutting-edge science meets human compassion, and every innovation you contribute helps remove the fear of the unknown from some of life's most critical medical moments.</p>
<p>If you're driven by purpose, energized by innovation, and ready to help shape the future of precision medicine at scale, this is where you belong.</p></div><p>We are looking for a<strong> Revenue Cycle/Medical Collections Associate</strong>&nbsp;to be responsible for focusing on <span style="text-decoration: underline;"><strong>collections and appeals</strong></span> from various Federal, State, &amp; Third Party (HMO, PPO, IPA, TPA Indemnity) payers. This is a remote position and will report to the Manager of Reimbursement Operations. The ideal candidate must be able to:</p>
<p>(1) Optimize payment reimbursements by reviewing accounts for billing accuracy and health plan coverage.</p>
<p>(2) Be persuasive and persistent when following up on claims status, and</p>
<p>(3) process an appeal, resubmit/rebill, or forward claims for adjudication as necessary.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Responsibilities:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Verify claim was submitted to correct insurance.</li>
<li>Review/update patient demographics and information for accuracy.</li>
<li>Process and validate payor requests and claims via correspondence, remittance advice and EOBs (i.e., identify payment discrepancies, inappropriate requests)</li>
<li>Investigate all denied services to determine reason and appeal, if appropriate.&nbsp; Identify and report root causes associated with denials to reduce/resolve issues.</li>
<li>Process assigned appeals including submission, tracking, reporting and evaluation of appeal outcomes (i.e., next steps, improved outcomes)</li>
<li>Maximize utilization of Billing system, tools and resources to support cash collection activities</li>
<li>Review various reports including aging outstanding and denial reports.</li>
<li>Comply with Federal and State legislation on all billing related matters.</li>
<li>Comply with all Safety, Emergency, Hazard, OSHA, HIPAA, Quality Assurance and Administrative Plans, Policies, Guidelines, Protocol, and Standards.</li>
<li>Support and maintain department cash and DSO goals.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Qualifications:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Minimum of 4+ years specializing in Medical Collections at a diagnostics company, laboratory or other healthcare provider, doing collections from commercial payers.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Hands-on experience handling the entire appeals process</li>
<li>Must possess detailed knowledge of all medical benefit levels and have a thorough understanding of Federal, State, &amp; PPO, HMO, and Indemnity Plans structures.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Working knowledge of appropriate coding systems; CPT, ICD-10 and HCPCS, coverage; LCD/NCD and reimbursement associated with such codes.</li>
<li>High School Diploma or a Bachelor’s degree from a four-year college or university</li>
<li>Strong problem solving skills with ability to streamline and improve processes, use good judgment, attention to detail and follow-through are a must.</li>
<li>Excellent customer service skills; excellent verbal and written communication skills</li>
<li>Excellent troubleshooting and time management skills, attention to detail, utilizes time in constructive manner</li>
<li>Ability to easily adapt to increased business demands&nbsp;</li>
<li>Ability to effectively work with and resolve complex accounts &amp; billing issues</li>
<li>Self-starter, ability to work independently and be self-motivated to overachieve goals.&nbsp; &nbsp;</li>
<li>Ability to effectively prioritize and multi-task</li>
<li>Ability to work in fast paced environment, perform under pressure, meet tight timelines&nbsp;&nbsp;</li>
<li>Establish and maintain cohesive and good working relationships</li>
</ul>
<p class="p1"><strong>Benefits And Perks:</strong></p>
<ul class="ul1">
<li>Working alongside brilliant, kind, passionate and dedicated colleagues, in an empowering environment, toward a global vision, striving for a future in which transformative molecular diagnostics can help millions of patients</li>
<li>Open, transparent culture that includes weekly Town Hall meetings</li>
<li>The ability to indirectly or directly change the lives of hundreds of thousands patients</li>
<li>Multiple medical benefit options; employee premiums paid 100% of select plans, dependents covered up to 80%</li>
<li>Extremely generous Family Bonding Leave for new parents (16 weeks, paid at 100%)</li>
<li>Supplemental fertility benefits coverage&nbsp;</li>
<li>Retirement savings program including a 4% Company match</li>
<li>Increase paid time off with increased tenure</li>
<li>Latest and greatest hardware (laptop, lab equipment, facilities)</li>
</ul>
<p>At BillionToOne, we are proud to offer a combination of a (1) base pay range (actual amount offered is based on experience and salary/equity options split that the candidate chooses), (2) generous equity options offering, on top of (3) industry-leading company benefits (free healthcare options, 401k match, very generous fully paid parental leave, etc.).</p>
<p>For this position, we offer a total compensation package of <span data-sheets-root="1">$65,141 </span>per year, including a base pay rate of&nbsp;<span data-sheets-root="1">$28.47 </span>per hour.</p>
<p><em>BillionToOne is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.</em></p><div class="content-conclusion"><p>For more information about how we protect your information, we encourage you to review our <a href="https://billiontoone.com/privacy-policy/">Privacy Policy</a>.</p>
<p>BillionToOne is a next-generation molecular diagnostics company on a mission to make powerful, accurate diagnostic tests accessible to everyone. Our revolutionary QCT molecular counting technology enhances disease detection resolution by over a thousandfold using cell-free DNA,a breakthrough that has already transformed the lives of over half a million patients worldwide.</p>
<h3><strong>Our Impact</strong></h3>
<p><a href="https://www.unityscreen.com/"><strong>Unity Complete™</strong></a> is the only non-invasive prenatal screen capable of assessing fetal risk for both common recessive conditions and aneuploidies from a single maternal blood sample. Our <a href="https://www.northstaronc.com/"><strong>Northstar®</strong></a> liquid biopsy test uniquely combines treatment selection with real-time monitoring, giving oncologists unprecedented precision in cancer care.</p>
<h3><strong>Our Growth</strong></h3>
<p>From $0 to $150M+ in Annual Recurring Revenue in just five years. In 2025, we completed one of the most successful IPOs for a medical diagnostics company, building on nearly $400M in private funding,including our $130M Series D in 2024 and backed by world-class investors including Hummingbird, Adams Street Partners, Neuberger Berman, Baillie Gifford, and Premji Invest.</p>
<h3><strong>Our Recognition</strong></h3>
<p>Forbes named us one of <strong>America's Best Startup Employers for 2025</strong> and we're <strong>Great Place to Work certified</strong>, with 100% of our people willing to go the extra mile, even as we've scaled to over 700 employees.</p>
<h3><strong>Our Future</strong></h3>
<p>Headquartered in Menlo Park with facilities in Union City, CA, and a new lab opening in Austin, TX in 2027, we're continuing to push the boundaries of what's possible in molecular diagnostics. We're just getting started.</p>
<hr>
<p>Ready to help us change the world, one molecule at a time? Learn more at<a href="https://www.billiontoone.com"> billiontoone.com</a></p></div>