<p><strong>Back Office Specialist</strong></p>
<p>At HelloConnect, you will be part of a dynamic team in Inoza Tower, BGC that embraces innovation and leverages advanced technology to create exceptional experiences. Our culture is built on collaboration, continuous learning, and a commitment to excellence. You’ll have the opportunity to work on impactful projects, develop your skills, and grow within a supportive environment that values diverse perspectives and experiences.</p>
<p>In this role, you will take on a key responsibility maintaining structured and efficient internal operations. You will support order and contract-related activities, validate billing-related data, and ensure accuracy across systems. While the role is primarily administrative in nature, it requires strong attention to detail and the ability to follow structured process logic when handling exceptions. You will work closely with various departments and play a key role in maintaining the efficiency of our daily business.</p>
<p>As a digital energy provider, we are building a high-performing, diverse, and international offshore team. Our way of working is transparent, flexible, and results-driven — always with a strong customer focus.</p>
<p>We’re looking for passionate individuals who can bring their unique skills and ideas to the table. Even if you don't meet every requirement but believe you’d excel in this role, we’d love to hear from you!</p>
<h2>&nbsp;</h2>
<p><strong>What you’ll do:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Handle administrative tasks in day-to-day operations</li>
<li>Maintain and manage data and documents</li>
<li>Support order processing and invoice verification</li>
<li>Review and validate system-generated data (e.g. contract details, meter readings, invoice &nbsp; triggers) as part of daily operational tasks</li>
<li>Communicate with internal teams and external partners</li>
<li>Ensure structured and efficient back-office processes, accurate and timely processing of assigned&nbsp; back-office tasks</li>
<li>Develop an understanding of energy industry topics and products (e.g. EDIFACT, dynamic tariffs, etc.)</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>What you’ll bring:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>1–3 years experience in back office, operations, or administrative roles</li>
<li>Completed commercial training or a comparable qualification</li>
<li>Structured, detail-oriented, and independent way of working</li>
<li>Proficient in MS Office, especially Excel</li>
<li>Reliable and a strong team player</li>
<li>Very good English skills (C1 level)</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>What we offer:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><strong>Competitive Compensation</strong>: Beyond the standard package, we offer perks like Long Service Benefits (anniversary bonus) to recognize and celebrate your dedication</li>
<li><strong>Wellness &amp; Perks</strong>: We prioritize your well-being by offering mental health support, HMO medical coverage, generous leave benefits plus life insurance for both you and your family's peace of mind</li>
<li><strong>Growth Opportunities</strong>: Invest in your personal development with an annual learning &amp; development budget, plus access to the 360 Learning platform</li>
<li><strong>Dynamic Environment</strong>: Join a rapidly growing global Business Process Outsourcing company, where you'll collaborate with a diverse community spanning across multiple continents and cultures</li>
<li><strong>Work-Life Balance</strong>: Enjoy a healthy balance between your professional and personal life, with a supportive environment that prioritizes your well-being and personal time</li>
</ul>
<h2>&nbsp;</h2>
<p><strong>Location:&nbsp; </strong>Work from home&nbsp; setup – please be advised that an in-person visit to our BGC headquarters is required for equipment collection. Candidates should also remain prepared to work from the office if the need arises.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Are you up for the challenge?</strong></p>
<p>The first step to your new role starts here. Send in your application, along with your salary expectations and preferred start date. Our dedicated team will thoroughly review your details. We are excited to connect with you soon!&nbsp;</p>
<h2>&nbsp;</h2>
<p>#helloconnect</p>
<p>#LI-Remote</p>