<div class="content-intro"><p>Airtable is the no-code app platform that empowers people closest to the work to accelerate their most critical business processes. More than 500,000 organizations, including 80% of the Fortune 100, rely on Airtable to transform how work gets done.</p></div><div class="mb1">The Enterprise Technical Support Team at Airtable plays a pivotal role in helping our customers unlock the full potential of our platform. We work closely with an exciting range of customers to solve complex business challenges and ensure they achieve their goals while seamlessly navigating Airtable’s features and capabilities.</div>
<div class="mb1">&nbsp;</div>
<div class="mb1">As an Enterprise Technical Support Specialist, you’ll be the trusted technical expert for our enterprise customers. You'll respond to inquiries, troubleshoot complex issues, and collaborate with cross-functional teams to deliver exceptional support. Your role will be key to ensuring our customers achieve their business goals while seamlessly navigating Airtable’s features and capabilities.</div>
<h1><strong>What you'll do</strong></h1>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Provide expert troubleshooting and guidance on technical issues across multiple channels (email, video calls).</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Deliver a world-class customer experience by actively listening to concerns, empathizing with customers, and resolving issues in a timely and effective manner. Use your communication skills to relay valuable feedback to product and engineering teams to improve our platform and support processes.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">For complex issues, you’ll know when to escalate to senior technical teams or other relevant stakeholders, ensuring a smooth transition and swift resolution for the customer.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Accurately document all customer interactions and technical issues in Salesforce, and track trends to help identify opportunities for process and product improvements.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Contribute to the continuous growth of Airtable’s knowledge base by creating and updating helpful resources based on customer interactions.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Stay ahead of new features and product updates. You'll educate customers on best practices and help them leverage Airtable to optimize their workflows and business processes.</span></li>
</ul>
<h1><strong>Who you are</strong></h1>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">You have experience with Airtable, whether personally or professionally, and you’re excited about helping others discover how it can transform their business.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">You’ve worked in an enterprise-focused technical support role, especially within a B2B tech environment, where you've made a meaningful impact on customer success.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">You excel in both written and verbal communication, and you know how to tailor your message to a wide variety of audiences.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">You enjoy solving complex problems, leveraging your strong analytical skills and technical aptitude to navigate challenges and find creative solutions.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">You're naturally curious, and you thrive in environments where you’re expected to dive deep into technical issues and continuously learn.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">You have a strong, self-driven desire to exceed expectations and continuously improve your performance.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">You have experience with tools like Salesforce, Confluence, G Suite, and enterprise-level technology. A solid understanding of concepts such as relational databases, REST APIs, and writing formulas is a plus.</span></li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>What We Offer</strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">&nbsp;</span></h3>
<ul>
<li>In addition to NHS coverage, you will have access to supplemental insurance 100% covered (and your dependents covered at 85%)</li>
<li>Competitive pension scheme, life insurance, paid leave and sick leave&nbsp;</li>
<li>Complimentary mental health support via Modern Health&nbsp;</li>
<li>Family planning support via Carrot (fertility, adoption, and surrogacy)</li>
<li>Flexible and generous time off and sick time benefits</li>
<li>Transportation &amp; Commuter Benefits</li>
<li>Monthly “Lifestyle Wallet” to use for benefits like personal fitness (e.g., gym memberships, fitness equipment, etc.) to pet care to nutrition coaching, and more.&nbsp;&nbsp;</li>
<li>Supplemental reimbursement for Gender Affirmation procedures and services</li>
<li>Legal services - access to online tools to legal forms</li>
</ul>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">At Airtable, we embrace diversity and strive to create a workplace where everyone has an equal opportunity to thrive. We welcome people of different backgrounds, experiences, abilities, and perspectives. We strive for Airtable to be a pleasant and supportive place to work, and to attract and retain a diverse team of talented people.&nbsp; We take great pride in holding everyone accountable for treating each other with dignity and respect.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Airtable is committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodation to individuals with disabilities. If you have a medical condition or disability which inhibits your ability to complete any part of the application process, please complete our </span><a href="https://airtable.com/shrq13fCV8h1sx2t8"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Accommodations Request Form</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">and let us know how we may assist you.</span></p><div class="content-conclusion"><p>Please see our Privacy Notice for details regarding Airtable’s collection and use of personal data relating to the application and recruitment process by clicking <a href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1fKEf0G59m8RT2ZaOJyxoqQ3kW3oUaxhZ/view" target="\_blank">here</a>.<br><br>For applicants that live in or have a link to Australia, please see this <a href="https://www.airtable.com/company/job-application-privacy-statement" target="\_blank">Privacy Collection Statement</a> for details regarding Airtable's collection and use of personal data relating to the application and recruitment process.</p>
<p>🔒 <strong>Stay Safe from Job Scams</strong><br>All official Airtable communication will come from an <strong>@airtable.com</strong> email address. We will never ask you to share sensitive information or purchase equipment during the hiring process. If in doubt, contact us at <a href="mailto:hr@airtable.com">hr@airtable.com</a>. Learn more about avoiding job scams <a href="https://consumer.ftc.gov/consumer-alerts/2022/05/want-work-home-spot-scams-first">here</a>.</p></div>