<p>
  <strong>Headquarters:</strong> USA
</p>

<p>At Vanta, our mission is to secure the internet and protect consumer data. We believe that security should be monitored and verified continuously, and we empower companies to practice better security and prove it with ease. Vanta has a kind and talented team, and while some have prior security experience, many have been successful at Vanta without it.&nbsp;</p><p></p><p>As a Product Designer at Vanta, you’ll drive user-centric projects in a rapidly scaling company trusted by hundreds of organizations to protect their most critical data. You’ll work closely with Engineering and Product Managers to create interfaces that bring clarity to complex workflows. Joining Vanta’s growing design team means driving high-impact changes to our product, and playing a key role in shaping our team’s design culture.</p><p><br>You will report to our Director of Design within the Governance, Risk, and Compliance (GRC) Product Pillar. You will be working with a squad that’s focused on helping customers support multiple frameworks (SOC 2, HIPAA, GDPR, etc.) at the same time, and helping customers adopt new frameworks . You will also have the opportunity to develop AI-first features that help our customers manage their compliance programs.<br><br></p><p><strong>What you’ll do as a Senior Product Designer at Vanta:</strong></p><ul><li><p>Bring a high standard of visual and interaction design to your work, ensuring our users have intuitive, delightful experiences.</p></li><li><p>Develop a deep understanding of our users and craft thoughtful designs that meet their needs.</p></li><li><p>Work closely with subject matter experts, and partner with them to create guidelines that improve user content and user guidance within Vanta.</p></li><li><p>Iterate on design solutions based on user feedback, data insights, and collaboration with the team.</p></li><li><p>Use system thinking to create cohesive user experiences, considering how design patterns and components are used consistently across Vanta.</p></li><li><p>Dive into Vanta's broader ecosystem, learning from other designers and contributing to how different areas of our product connect and interact.</p></li><li><p>Collaborate closely with cross-functional teams, from engineers to product managers, to bring designs to life and ensure seamless implementation.</p></li><li><p>Communicate design rationale effectively to stakeholders, building alignment and enthusiasm for your ideas.</p></li><li><p>Lead by example and provide mentorship to junior designers, helping them grow their skills and understanding of design best practices.<br><br></p></li></ul><p><strong>How to be successful in this role:</strong></p><ul><li><p>6+ years of experience as a Product Designer, with some experience in B2B SaaS or other complex domains</p></li><li><p>Strong portfolio demonstrating expertise in UI/UX design, and system thinking, and high visual craftsmanship.</p></li><li><p>Proven experience in creating inclusive and accessible design solutions.</p></li><li><p>Expertise in Figma, including auto-layout, properties, and variables.</p></li><li><p>Excellent problem-solving skills and attention to detail.</p></li><li><p>Strong communication and presentation skills.</p></li><li><p>Ability to work collaboratively in a cross-functional team environment.</p></li><li><p>Experience in developing comprehensive documentation for design components.</p></li><li><p>Demonstrated ability to lead and mentor other designers.<br><br></p></li></ul><p><strong>What you can expect as a Vantan:</strong></p><ul><li><p>Industry-competitive compensation</p></li><li><p>100% covered medical, dental, and vision benefits with dependents coverage</p></li><li><p>16 weeks fully-paid parental Leave for all new parents</p></li><li><p>Health &amp; wellness and remote workplace stipends</p></li><li><p>Family planning benefits through Carrot Fertility</p></li><li><p>401(k) matching</p></li><li><p>Flexible work hours and location</p></li><li><p>Open PTO policy</p></li><li><p>11 paid holidays in the US</p></li><li><p>Offices in SF, NYC, London, Dublin, and Sydney</p><p></p></li></ul><p>To provide greater transparency to candidates, we share base pay ranges for all US-based job postings regardless of state. We set standard base pay ranges for all roles based on function, level, and country location, benchmarked against similar-stage growth companies. Final offer amounts are determined by multiple factors and may vary based on candidate location, skills, depth of work experience, and relevant licenses/credentials. </p><p></p><p>#LI-remote</p><p></p><p><em>At Vanta, we are committed to hiring diverse talent of different backgrounds and as such, it is important to us to provide an inclusive work environment for all. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, gender identity, age, religion, sexual orientation, veteran or disability status, or any other protected class. As an equal opportunity employer, we encourage and welcome people of all backgrounds to apply.</em></p><p></p><p><strong>About Vanta</strong></p><p>We started in 2018, in the wake of several high-profile data breaches. Online security was only becoming more important, but we knew firsthand how hard it could be for fast-growing companies to invest the time and manpower it takes to build a solid security foundation.&nbsp;Vanta was inspired by a vision to restore trust in internet businesses by enabling companies to improve and prove their security.From our early days automating security monitoring for compliance standards like SOC 2, HIPAA and ISO 27001 to creating the world's leading Trust Management Platform, our vision remains unchanged.&nbsp;</p><p>Now more than ever, making security continuous—not just a point-in-time check— is essential. Thousands of companies rely on Vanta to build, maintain and demonstrate their trust— all in a way that's real-time and transparent.</p>

<p><strong>To apply:</strong> <a href="https://weworkremotely.com/remote-jobs/vanta-senior-product-designer">https://weworkremotely.com/remote-jobs/vanta-senior-product-designer</a></p>