**About Agicap**

Created in Lyon in 2016 by three French entrepreneurs, Agicap is one of the fastest scale-ups in Europe, with over 8000 customers, 650 employees and fast revenue growth (7x between 2021 and 2024). Agicap is part of the French Tech 120, rewarding the most promising startups in France.

Agicap allows Finance teams of Mid-Market companies to efficiently manage and forecast their cash, pay their suppliers and get paid. By combining a Treasury Management System, and Accounts Payable and Accounts Receivable solutions into a single platform, Agicap aims at becoming the next leading Treasury Management platform for mid-market companies.

We have raised €145M since our creation, with prestigious VC funds including AVP, Greenoaks, Partech and BlackFin, with a last round in November 2024.

These additional resources further fuel our product innovation, allowing us to grow significantly and accelerate our international expansion across the world.

We believe our success comes from our highly passionate and dedicated teams, committed to building a company where people can grow and build their careers. We are constantly looking for great talents, aiming for excellence and ready to join our ambitious adventure!

[Home page](https://agicap.com/en/)

[Customer Stories](https://agicap.com/en/clients/)

[Our Values](https://career.agicap.com/article/working-at-agicap/)

**About the Implementation Manager role:**

Implementation is at the heart of our company. As part of the team, you will represent Agicap to our customers. After comprehensive training in your first months, you become their partner in unlocking the full potential of our Treasury platform to realize their strategic, financial and operational goals. The Implementation team is part of our Customer Success function and works closely with Sales, Account Management and Customer Success Tech.

## What you will do:

- Manage a portfolio of Mid-Market customers in the Implementation phase.
- Manage both operational Finance employees and the Head of Finance/CFO/CEO on the customer side.
- Drive customer engagement by developing a deep understanding of your client’s strategic, financial and operational goals.
- Become an Agicap product expert and use this knowledge to effectively guide customers towards their desired outcomes.
- Take ultimate ownership for Customer Health and Onboarding turnaround time.
- Make sure that customers get maximum value from Agicap and give them insight into this through high-touch engagements.
- Be the voice of the customer back into our organization

## What you need to succeed:

- 1-2 yrs of work experience in professional environments, preferably in a customer-facing role at a Consulting/Advisory firm or in B2B SaaS.
- Native German and fluent English
- Strong prioritization and execution capabilities, driven by customer needs, business impact, and expansion potential.
- An analytical mindset in combination with a strong sense of accountability and ownership
- The ability to excel in a dynamic growth environment, quickly adapt to challenges and keep a positive attitude
- Excellent listening skills, customer-centric mentality and empathy towards users and customers
- Ability to work with diverse teams (Sales, CS, Tech, Product, etc.)
- Strong Plus: Good understanding of Corporate Finance. Previous exposure to Finance/Treasury departments.

**Our benefits:**

**- Competitive Compensation:** Attractive package including both fixed and variable components.

**- Prime Office Location:** Work from a large, modern office at Moritzplatz (Berlin) featuring a large terrace, snacks, and drinks.

**- Professional Development:** Access a “Mini-MBA” with a focus on Finance & Treasury via the Agicap Academy.

**- Global Collaboration:** Join a diverse international team with regular events in Berlin and occasional trips to our headquarters in France.

**- Meal & Grocery Allowance:** Receive up to **€108/month tax-free** for lunch or groceries, easily managed via the Hrmony app.

**- Tenure Rewards:** Enjoy a **€30 monthly shopping voucher** after one year and up to **two additional vacation days** based on your length of service.

**- Team Culture:** Be part of a dynamic environment with global offsites (like our recent annual seminar in Chamonix-Mont-Blanc) and local team events.

AGICAP is committed to providing equal opportunities for everyone, and we foster an inclusive work environment that values diversity!