<p><strong>This is Adyen</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Adyen provides payments, data, and financial products in a single solution for customers like Meta, Uber, H&amp;M, and Microsoft - making us the financial technology platform of choice. At Adyen, everything we do is engineered for ambition.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">For our teams, we create an environment with opportunities for our people to succeed, backed by the culture and support to ensure they are enabled to truly own their careers. We are motivated individuals who tackle unique technical challenges at scale and solve them as a team. Together, we deliver innovative and ethical solutions that help businesses achieve their ambitions faster.</span></p>
<p><strong>Payment Partnerships Manager</strong></p>
<p>Adyen is looking for a Payment Partnerships Manager who will advance Adyen’s strategy and agenda with key payment methods in EMEA including card networks, local and alternative payment methods, and financial institutions.</p>
<p>In this role you will drive high-impact partnerships for Adyen and use your influence and tenacity to build strong commercial collaborations across the region. You’ll work closely with a broad range of cross-functional stakeholders building strategic and successful relationships.&nbsp;</p>
<p>This is a full-time position based in our Milan office reporting into our Head of Payment Partnerships for EMEA.</p>
<p><strong>What you’ll do</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Manage strategic partnerships: Build and nurture relationships with leading payment methods at local and continental levels. Define and execute a proactive, multi-year strategy across a multitude of payment methods (card-based, bank-based, alternative). Negotiate complex agreements and drive alignment with partners’ senior counterparts and internal stakeholders to ensure Adyen remains at the forefront of payments innovation.</li>
<li>Deliver high-impact projects: Coordinate high-caliber, complex projects to improve financial and operational performance. Think strategically and implement effectively key initiatives at scale, solving key trade-offs and navigating between commercial opportunities and product challenges.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Cross-Functional collaboration: Partner with product, commercial and finance teams to define and execute go-to-market strategies. Provide market insights to accelerate our product roadmap and commercialization efforts.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Who you are</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>5+ years relevant experience in payments strategic partnerships&nbsp;</li>
<li>Deep knowledge of the payments landscape, with critical thinking skills to understand and interpret emerging trends.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Proven success in negotiating multi-year agreements and partnerships&nbsp;</li>
<li>A strategic mindset paired with the ability to make data-driven decisions and execute operationally</li>
<li>Exceptional communication and negotiation skills, with the ability to influence both internal and external stakeholders across different functions and organizational levels</li>
<li>Comfortable operating in a fast-paced, high-growth environment.</li>
<li>Full professional proficiency (written and verbal) in English.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Our Diversity, Equity and Inclusion commitments&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Our unique approach is a product of our diverse perspectives. This diversity of backgrounds and cultures is essential in helping us maintain our momentum. Our business and technical challenges are unique, and we need as many different voices as possible to join us in solving them - voices like yours. No matter who you are or where you’re from, we welcome you to be your true self at Adyen.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Studies show that women and members of underrepresented communities apply for jobs only if they meet 100% of the qualifications. Does this sound like you? If so, Adyen encourages you to reconsider and apply. We look forward to your application!</span></p>
<p><strong>What’s next?</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Ensuring a smooth and enjoyable candidate experience is critical for us. We aim to get back to you regarding your application within 5 business days. Our interview process tends to take about 4 weeks to complete, but may fluctuate depending on the role. </span><a href="https://careers.adyen.com/how-we-hire"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Learn more about our hiring process here</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">. Don’t be afraid to let us know if you need more flexibility.</span></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>This role is based out of our Milan office. We are an office-first company and value in-person collaboration; we do not offer remote-only roles.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>