<p>MongoDB is seeking a <strong>Lead Software Engineer</strong><strong> </strong>to join the Atlas Clusters Organization. The organization is responsible for building MongoDB Atlas, our database-as-a-service offering and fastest growing product.<strong>&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>Atlas allows users to deploy fault-tolerant, secure, globally distributed MongoDB clusters in just minutes. This includes developing software to interface with the three major cloud providers (AWS, Azure, and GCP) in order to bring security, durability, availability, and performance to all deployments of MongoDB.</p>
<p>The Atlas Clusters Fleet Signal Management team is a product engineering team that builds machinery to rollout hardware and software to the Atlas data plane, detect regressions at scale, and automate remediative actions. The core mission is to establish platform stability by owning the rollout and monitoring systems designed to swiftly detect and mitigate potential issues.</p>
<p>We are forming a new Atlas Clusters Fleet Signal Management team in the Dublin area. The Lead Engineer who fills this position will be pivotal in growing that team.&nbsp;</p>
<p>We are looking to speak to candidates who are based in Dublin for our hybrid working model.</p>
<h3>What you’ll do</h3>
<ul>
<li>Lead a team of motivated individual contributors who are eager to learn and grow</li>
<li>Contribute to the code, design, and architecture of the systems your team develops</li>
<li>Work with stakeholders throughout MongoDB to build our roadmap and product offerings</li>
<li>Work with customers and support engineers to fix issues and become part of our on-call rotation&nbsp;</li>
<li>Collaborate with team members to develop our codebase, best practices, and design principles</li>
<li>Foster an inclusive and respectful work environment according to MongoDB's Core Values</li>
</ul>
<h3>We’re looking for someone who</h3>
<ul>
<li>Has at least 8 years of professional software development experience</li>
<li>Has at least 3 years of people management experience</li>
<li>Has led engineering teams that have built and maintained large scale systems</li>
<li>Is skilled at writing large-scale, distributed backend systems in a compiled language (Go, Java, C#, etc.)</li>
<li>Has experience with streaming architectures</li>
<li>Has experience with at least one major cloud provider technology (AWS, Azure, GCP)</li>
<li>Has experience deploying various types of software to a fleet of VMs&nbsp;</li>
<li>Is eager to solve tough problems</li>
<li>Has excellent communication skills</li>
<li>Is curious, collaborative, and motivated</li>
</ul>
<h3>Success Measures</h3>
<ul>
<li>In 1 month, you'll be familiar with the foundational parts of the system, the existing features, and projects within the Atlas Clusters team</li>
<li>In 3 months, you will be contributing to design and development of your team’s projects and working on your team’s growth</li>
<li>In 6 months, you and your team will have ramped enough to take on medium sized projects and you will be leading your team towards its product and engineering goals. You will be supporting our customers during escalations and have joined our on-call rotation.</li>
</ul>
<h3>About MongoDB</h3>
<p>MongoDB is built for change, empowering our customers and our people to innovate at the speed of the market. We have redefined the database for the AI era, enabling innovators to create, transform, and disrupt industries with software. MongoDB’s unified database platform, the most widely available, globally distributed database on the market, helps organizations modernize legacy workloads, embrace innovation, and unleash AI. Our cloud-native platform, MongoDB Atlas, is the only globally distributed, multi-cloud database and is available across AWS, Google Cloud, and Microsoft Azure.</p>
<p>With offices worldwide and over 60,000 customers, including 75% of the Fortune 100 and AI-native startups, relying on MongoDB for their most important applications, we’re powering the next era of software.</p>
<p>Our compass at MongoDB is our <a href="https://www.mongodb.com/company">Leadership Commitment,</a> guiding how and why we make decisions, show up for each other, and win. It’s what makes us MongoDB.&nbsp;</p>
<p>To drive the personal growth and business impact of our employees, we’re committed to developing a supportive and enriching culture for everyone. <a href="https://www.mongodb.com/company/blog/culture/employee-benefits-that-make-a-difference-at-mongodb">From employee affinity groups, to fertility assistance and a generous parental leave policy</a>, we value our employees’ wellbeing and want to support them along every step of their professional and personal journeys.<a href="https://www.mongodb.com/blog/channel/culture"> Learn more about what it’s like to work at MongoDB</a>, and help us make an impact on the world!</p>
<p>MongoDB is committed to providing any necessary accommodations for individuals with disabilities within our application and interview process. To request an accommodation due to a disability, please inform your recruiter.</p>
<p>MongoDB is an equal opportunities employer.</p>
<p>Req ID: 1273387832</p>