<p><strong>This is Adyen</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Adyen provides payments, data, and financial products in a single solution for customers like Meta, Uber, H&amp;M, and Microsoft - making us the financial technology platform of choice. At Adyen, everything we do is engineered for ambition.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">For our teams, we create an environment with opportunities for our people to succeed, backed by the culture and support to ensure they are enabled to truly own their careers. We are motivated individuals who tackle unique technical challenges at scale and solve them as a team. Together, we deliver innovative and ethical solutions that help businesses achieve their ambitions faster.</span></p>
<p><strong>Why you should join the Adyen Sales Team</strong></p>
<p>Sales at Adyen is captured with one phrase: we sell the best to the best. You will have the opportunity to work alongside world-class salespeople and boost your career by being trained through our Adyen Sales Academy. You'll work with world-class merchants, technology, and colleagues while selling the best to the best.</p>
<p>At Adyen, our sales teams take initiatives, allowing them to make an impact from day one and we highly encourage working as a team because winning is more important than ego. Adyen is the place where sales mavericks can take flight.</p>
<p>Being able to tell stories is fundamental to how we operate. Our team is fantastic storytellers when speaking to prospective and current clients to foster excitement about our product and strengthen customer relations. We are looking for a sales manager who will succeed aboard the Adyen rocket ship and take our current successful momentum to the next level of growth through the acquisition of new (Enterprise) merchants.</p>
<p>Sounds exciting? Keep reading!</p>
<p><strong>What you’ll do</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Responsible for the full sales cycle: identify and approach prospective clients, build relationships and close deals;</li>
<li>Sell Adyen Card Issuing Solutions to large, domestically and internationally operating businesses;&nbsp;</li>
<li>Contribute to the ongoing evolution and execution of Adyen’s new card issuing and processing strategy, with a focus on the available product and services;</li>
<li>Act as an industry expert, develop and maintain a broad understanding of the card issuing industry, the competitive landscape and the associated compliance and regulatory issues to make effective recommendations to clients. Identify new card issuing opportunities within the new and existing client base and additionally based on research and industry trends;</li>
<li>Prioritize clients requirements so you can effectively position Adyen’s issuing and processing capabilities;</li>
<li>Build a long-term trustful relation with your clients;&nbsp;</li>
<li>Define the commercial structure of the identified card programs and then coordinate a successful launch with the client;</li>
<li>Collaborate with underwriting / compliance, implementation, and account management teams to seal the deal.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Who you are</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Minimum of 5 years of relevant working experience - including at least 3 years within the Card Issuing space is a must have;</li>
<li>A solid track record of delivering successful card programs;</li>
<li>A proven strong and creative deal closer that is result oriented;</li>
<li>You have to ability to build a healthy pipeline, working on the right accounts to board on the platform;&nbsp;</li>
<li>Strong working knowledge of the card / payments industry, products, and associated regulations;</li>
<li>Ability to communicate effectively about the company’s technology and services to assist the merchant partners in developing the right program;</li>
<li>Flexible, informal yet professional. Excellent and direct communicator;&nbsp;</li>
<li>Team player;</li>
<li>Willingness to travel.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Our Diversity, Equity and Inclusion commitments&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Our unique approach is a product of our diverse perspectives. This diversity of backgrounds and cultures is essential in helping us maintain our momentum. Our business and technical challenges are unique, and we need as many different voices as possible to join us in solving them - voices like yours. No matter who you are or where you’re from, we welcome you to be your true self at Adyen.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Studies show that women and members of underrepresented communities apply for jobs only if they meet 100% of the qualifications. Does this sound like you? If so, Adyen encourages you to reconsider and apply. We look forward to your application!</span></p>
<p><strong>What’s next?</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Ensuring a smooth and enjoyable candidate experience is critical for us. We aim to get back to you regarding your application within 5 business days. Our interview process tends to take about 4 weeks to complete, but may fluctuate depending on the role. </span><a href="https://careers.adyen.com/how-we-hire"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Learn more about our hiring process here</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">. Don’t be afraid to let us know if you need more flexibility.</span></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>This role is based out of our London office. We are an office-first company and value in-person collaboration; we do not offer remote-only roles.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>