<div class="content-intro"><h2><span data-sheets-root="1">About Wolt</span></h2>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">At Wolt, we create technology that brings joy, simplicity and earnings to the neighborhoods of the world. In 2014 we started with delivery of restaurant food. Now we’re building the delivery of (almost) everything and you’ll find us in over 500 cities in 30 countries around the world. In 2022 we joined forces with DoorDash and together we keep on dreaming big and expanding across the globe.<br><br>Working at Wolt isn’t always easy, but it’s definitely exciting. Here you’ll learn more, build more, and ship more than in most other companies. You’ll be challenged a lot, but also have a lot of fun on the way. So, if you’re a self-starter with drive and entrepreneurial spirit, this could be the ride of your life.</span></p></div><p><em>Do you enjoy working in a dynamic work environment, have a customer-oriented mindset and love working with a fun team?&nbsp;If your answer is yes - then read further!&nbsp;</em></p>
<p><strong>Role background</strong><br><br>Wolt is a Finnish technology company and we’re best known for our food delivery platform. Food delivery was just a start, and now we are exploring and expanding our platform with other business verticals in retail and grocery. We’ve grown significantly in the last three years, expanding our operations from just four countries across the Nordics, to 23 countries across Europe and Asia today. And we’re just getting started.&nbsp;<br><br>The role you are looking at is a part of Wolt Market - our very own grocery stores that deliver unprecedented convenience and world leading customer experience. People across Denmark&nbsp;can order their groceries and have them delivered within 30 minutes!<br><br>We are searching for full-time and part-time Grocery Associates to join our awesome team. In this role you are right in the heart of our day-to-day dark store operations. Our store is open 7 days a week, so this role also requires you to be able to work on weekends and in different shifts. You will be working from our market located in Odense.<br><br>If you are a team player, enjoy working independently, and have a good sense of humour, then you might be just the person we are looking for!<br><br><strong>What you’ll be doing</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Taking in orders through our Merchant app.</li>
<li>Packing groceries &amp; handing them to customers and couriers.</li>
<li>Managing our internal systems which include precise information about nutrients and allergens.</li>
<li>Maintaining order and cleanliness of the store.</li>
<li>Participating in developing our Market's daily operations.</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li>You are a fast learner and have the ability to multitask.</li>
<li>Proactive and service-minded are words that describe you.</li>
<li>You have a can do-attitude and enjoy the idea of working in a fast-paced entrepreneurial environment.</li>
<li>You are tech savvy.</li>
<li>You are able to work both during the day, evenings and weekends.</li>
<li>Experience from working in a grocery store is a plus.</li>
<li>You have professional working proficiency in&nbsp;English.</li>
<li>You have the right to work in Denmark.</li>
</ul>
<p>If you are excited about working in a high-growth environment, taking ownership, and being part of an extremely ambitious team, then click below to apply and get the conversation going!</p>
<p>We will be reviewing applications on an on-going basis, so if this sounds like an opportunity you want to pursue, apply today!<br><br>Please note that we do not accept applications coming through email due to GDPR. Make sure to apply through our careers page!&nbsp;<br><br><strong>Additional Information&nbsp;</strong><br>Salary will be in compliance with HK Collective Bargaining Agreement.&nbsp;</p><div class="content-conclusion"><h2><span data-sheets-root="1">Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion</span></h2>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">We’re committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. That’s why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.</span></p></div>