Founded in 2013, Voodoo is a tech company that creates mobile games and apps with a mission to entertain the world. Gathering 800 employees, 7 billion downloads, and over 200 million active users, Voodoo is the #3 mobile publisher worldwide in terms of downloads after Google and Meta. Our portfolio includes chart-topping games like Mob Control and Block Jam, alongside popular apps such as BeReal and Wizz.

**Team**

Our Gaming team is made up of hybrid-casual, casual, and mid-core experts. Our 'Core' games team supports internal and external studios worldwide in creating, developing, and launching new hit games, whilst our 'Live' games team focuses on delivering higher engagement on our existing and successful games.

Joining our Live games team means collaborating with gaming industry experts on globally renowned, enduring games while embracing exciting new entrepreneurial ventures. With over seven billion downloads worldwide and a portfolio of more than 10 resilient hybrid games, we are the world's largest and most successful hybrid publisher.

You will be joining one of our Live Studios, working in our Portfolio games studio on Ball Blast, Aquapark.io and CityTakover.

**Role**

We’re looking for a skilled UI/UX Artist to join our Portfolio games studio, taking ownership of both design and user experience. Your main challenge would be to convert already successful hypercasual games into brand new casual/midcore experiences. In this role, you’ll create intuitive, engaging, and visually compelling interfaces.

- Collaborate closely with a Game Designer to create UX flows and UI visual assets for mobile games.
- Take on a generalist role that requires both UX design expertise and artistic skills.
- Build and maintain the UX/UI framework for a product in Figma, ensuring consistency and usability.
- Work in a fast-paced environment with quick iteration cycles and responsiveness to feedback.
- Export designs and assets into Unity while considering potential technical constraints.

## Profile

- 5+ years of experience as a UI/UX artist for mobile games.
- Ability to take full ownership of the UI/UX production pipeline, from ideation to final execution.
- Proactive mindset with a strong understanding of product needs and the ability to find relevant references.
- Skilled in creating and maintaining a UX/UI framework library for a game.
- Proficient in Figma, Illustrator, and Photoshop.
- Comfortable working in a remote environment.

## Nice to have

- Expertise in Unity Engine
- Ability to use AI tools to speed up prototyping and image creation
- You are comfortable with AI assistant software like Stable Diffusion

## Benefits

- Best-in-class compensation
- Other benefits according to the country you reside