<h2><strong>About the opportunity</strong></h2>
<p>We are seeking a Site Reliability Engineer to join the Data Storage Team within the Platform Engineering Domain.&nbsp;Platform Engineering's mission is to provide trusted, performant, and self-service platforms, enabling product teams to build 'the bank the world loves to use.' As part of this, this team is responsible for architecting and operating highly scalable, secure and compliant infrastructure solutions that manage our core database offering and data storage capabilities.&nbsp;The ideal candidate is a seasoned SRE, &nbsp;an enthusiastic learner eager to pioneer novel platform solutions and grow with a team that values innovation and mentorship. If your expertise meets curiosity, we encourage you to apply.</p>
<h2><strong>In this role, you will:</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Develop and Implement: Build and maintain platform solutions that improve the reliability, security, and scalability of our Database Platform infrastructure.</li>
<li>Operational Excellence: Apply cloud infrastructure, networking, and CI/CD best practices to support our operational data storage solutions.</li>
<li>Collaborate: Work closely with Product Teams to facilitate seamless database provisioning and ensure operational efficiency.</li>
<li>Knowledge Sharing: Participate in technical discussions and contribute to documentation, fostering a culture of transparency and continuous learning.</li>
<li>Execution: Contribute to the team’s roadmap by delivering high-quality code and infrastructure improvements.</li>
<li>Incident Response: Participate in on-call rotations and troubleshooting efforts to maintain a stable and predictable environment.</li>
<li>Observability: Maintain and enhance observability solutions (metrics, logging, tracing) to ensure the platform meets its SLOs and availability targets.</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>What you need to be successful</strong></h2>
<h3><strong>Background and Skills:</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Hands-on experience in maintaining cloud-based infrastructure, particularly in AWS.</li>
<li>Practical experience with operational data storage solutions (e.g., PostgreSQL, AmazonRDS, S3 or similar).</li>
<li>Hands-on experience with container technologies (Docker) and orchestration (Kubernetes/EKS)</li>
<li>Proficiency in infrastructure as code (Terraform, CloudFormation, or similar).</li>
<li>Competence in at least one programming language (Python preferred).</li>
<li>Hands-on experience with CI/CD pipelines (GitHub Actions, ArgoCD, Jenkins, or similar).</li>
<li>Familiarity with networking and security best practices in cloud environments.</li>
<li>Familiarity with observability tools (DataDog, Prometheus, Grafana, OpenTelemetry).</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>Nice to have:</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Knowledge of database internals including performance tuning, high-availability architecture (replication/failover), and sharding/clustering.</li>
<li>Backend Engineer experience.</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>Traits:</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Excellent collaboration and communication skills, with the ability to work across teams.</li>
<li>Strong sense of ownership, with a proactive approach to problem-solving and process improvements.</li>
<li>Passion for building high-quality, scalable, and secure infrastructure.</li>
<li>Eagerness to learn and contribute to building platforms as products.</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>What’s in it for you:</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Accelerate your career growth by joining one of Europe’s most talked about disruptors.</li>
<li>Employee benefits that range from a competitive personal development budget, work from home budget, discounts to fitness &amp; wellness memberships, language apps and public transportation.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Come together with your team in the office for a dedicated day of teamwork each week, plus another day of your choice, and enjoy the flexibility of remote work the rest of the time. <em>Some roles may require additional in-office presence</em>.</li>
<li>As an N26 employee you will have access to a Premium subscription on your personal N26 bank account. As well as subscriptions for friends and family members.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;</li>
<li>Additional day of annual leave for each year of service.&nbsp;&nbsp;</li>
<li>A high degree of autonomy and access to cutting edge technologies - all while working with a friendly team of peers of diverse nationalities, life experiences and backgrounds.&nbsp;</li>
<li>A relocation package with visa support for those who need it.</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Who we are</strong></h2>
<p>N26 has reimagined banking for today’s digital world. Technology and design empower<a href="https://n26.com/en-eu/blog" target="\_blank"> <u>everything we do</u></a> and it’s how we are building the global banking platform the world loves to use.</p>
<p>We've eliminated physical branches, paperwork, and hidden fees for an elegant digital experience and supreme savings. Giving people the power to live and bank their way is what gets us out of bed in the morning and inspires the work that we do.&nbsp;</p>
<p>We are headquartered in Berlin with offices in multiple cities across Europe, including Vienna and Barcelona, and a 1,500-strong team of more than 80 nationalities.</p>
<p><strong>Sounds good? Apply now for this position.</strong></p>
<p><strong>Equal Opportunities:</strong></p>
<p>We recognize that our strength lies in our people and the varied perspectives they bring to our workforce. We strive to build talented and diverse teams to drive our business success and empower our people to reach their full potential.</p>
<p>We genuinely welcome and encourage applications from people of all backgrounds, cultures, genders, sexual orientations, abilities, neurodiversities, and ages. We're committed to creating an inclusive workspace where everyone feels valued and respected, free from harassment and discrimination. If there's anything you need to make the application process work for you, please let us know by reaching out to <a href="mailto:candidate.exp@n26.com" target="\_blank"><u>candidate.exp@n26.com</u></a>.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Visit our&nbsp;<a href="https://n26.com/en-eu/diversity-and-inclusion" target="\_blank"><u>website</u></a> to learn more about Diversity, Equity, &amp; Inclusion at N26.</p>