<p><strong>About the team</strong></p>
<p>SumUp’s Point-of-Sale (POS) solution empowers cafes, shops, bars, hair salons, and other businesses to operate efficiently and grow. It offers a wide range of features, including product catalogs, inventory management, business analytics, compliance support, and loyalty tools.</p>
<p>Our Fiscalization team will accelerate making the following countries fiscally compliant: Italy, Sweden, Norway, Belgium, Austria, and many other European countries. They will also start building the path for integrating with third parties and fiscalizing receipts.</p>
<p>As a <strong>Senior Backend Engineer</strong>, you’ll collaborate with a dynamic, cross-functional team of Product Managers, Product Designers, Engineering Managers, and fellow engineers.</p>
<p><strong>About the role</strong></p>
<p>You will be working on secure backend systems to ensure our SumUp’s Point of Sale (POS) products are compliant in the different countries in our roadmap. Furthermore, you will work with the Fiscalization squad to understand the challenge in each market to design a unique solution to delivery.</p>
<p>You’re a developer who values user-centric design, precision, and seamless collaboration. You bring structure to communication and thrive in a cross-functional environment.&nbsp;</p>
<p>This is also an onsite role based in Berlin.</p>
<p><strong>What you’ll do</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Build and maintain fiscal compliance solutions to enable SumUp's expansion across Italy, Sweden, Norway, Belgium, Austria, and other European markets.</li>
<li>Develop integrations with third-party services for receipt fiscalization and regulatory reporting systems.</li>
<li>Navigate SumUp's complex POS ecosystem and master fiscalization frameworks across multiple jurisdictions.</li>
<li>Collaborate with distributed squad members and stakeholders across 5+ cities in a hybrid environment.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>You’ll thrive in this role if:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>You have <strong>5+ years experience </strong>in backend engineering with <strong>Java and/or Kotlin.</strong></li>
<li>You have a <strong>strong understanding</strong> of fundamental system architecture, design principles, data modeling, and API design.</li>
<li>You have a<strong> strong experience</strong> with distributed and fault-tolerant systems.</li>
<li>You have <strong>user-level experience working</strong> with AWS and Kubernetes.</li>
<li>You have<strong> good knowledge </strong>of Kafka &amp; Postgres &amp; CQRS.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Why you should join SumUp</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>A dedicated annual Learning &amp; Development budget for attending conferences and/or advancing your career through further education</li>
<li>Enrollment onto our virtual stock ownership program - you will own a stake in SumUp’s future success</li>
<li>A corporate pension scheme</li>
<li>28 days paid leave + 1 for birthday</li>
<li>You’ll attend global offsites and/or hackathons.</li>
<li>You'd enjoy other great benefits such as Urban Sports Club subsidy, Kita placement assistance, subsidized office lunches and other location-tailored benefits, Babbel language platform subscription and more!</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>Job Application Tip</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We recognise that candidates feel they need to meet 100% of the job criteria in order to apply for a job. Please note that this is only a guide. If you don’t tick every box, it’s ok too because it means you have room to learn and develop your career at SumUp.</span></p></div>