**At Nord Security, we’re creating a safer cyber future.**

We help people and businesses take back control of their online security, privacy, and data. From VPNs to password managers, threat intelligence to eSIMs for travel—our teams turn complex problems into solutions trusted by millions worldwide.

Life is online. In this role, you’ll help people own it.

We believe that the product can serve its users best by providing smart and innovative use of modern web technology. We also agree that the core elements of success are the encouragement of professional growth, individual initiative, and a deep understanding of our users and business challenges.

We’re looking for a Data Analyst to join our Product Team team in the web department to help build the next generation of user acquisition platforms that will enable our users to discover, learn, and purchase Nord Family products with ease. Your role will be crucial in providing data-driven insights, identifying opportunities, validating and measuring experiments that transform business problems into sustainable future-proof solutions.

## Main Responsibilities

- You will partner with a group of Product Managers to work together to improve customer experience and drive business growth;
- Provide valuable insights and analysis based on field data and research, advocate data-driven decision-making from product discovery stage to post-release hyper-care;
- Analyze core and experimental data including business metrics and micro-interactions looking for opportunities and risks; draw conclusions and suggestions; assist in prioritizing ideas and hypotheses;
- Build advanced reusable dashboards and custom reports for key product metrics and experiments. Present analysis reports to the team and stakeholders;
- Collaborate with data and product teams on best practices and professional growth.

## Core Requirements

- Proven experience in a Data Analyst role;
- Solid understanding and experience of SQL (Google BigQuery as an advantage);
- Solid experience in analytical tools (eg. Looker, Tableau);
- Proven experience in eCommerce, conversion optimization, and web applications;
- Deep knowledge of data models, analysis methods, and best practices;
- Team-spirited, collaborative, curious, proactive, and able to work in a fast-paced environment;
- Self-motivated and self-managing, with great organizational skills and eager to learn.
- Effective communication skills: present ideas, discuss, achieve consensus and buy-ins, and communicate progress.
- Ability to clearly and effectively present analysis and insights to the team and stakeholders;

## Bonus Points for

- Experience in A/B experimentation and UX behavioral analysis;
- Experience with Google Analytics;
- Experience working in a cross-functional product team.

## Tools You Will Use

- Google BigQuery
- Looker, Tableau

## Salary Range

- Gross Salary 3200-5900EUR/Month

**What We Offer**

**Innovate with industry leaders**

Work alongside global experts to build world-leading cybersecurity tools, impacting millions of users around the world.

**Learn & grow**

Boost your skills via our extensive training programs (online and offline) & other resources. Benefit from mentorship and career-switch opportunities to grow within the company.

**Work in a next-gen Cyber City office**

Thrive in our bustling office, featuring ergonomic workspaces, modern meeting rooms, engaging events, and specialty coffee to fuel your day.

**Hybrid work**

Enjoy the flexibility with 3 office days and working from home for the remaining 2.

**Work from anywhere**

Recharge with a change of scenery – choose work from any location when you feel a need to power your creativity and drive.

**Physical well-being**

Boost your health with free-of-charge 24/7 gym access, onsite and online workouts, and consultations led by in-house Physical Well-Being experts.

**Mental & emotional health**

Nurture your mind with free psychologist consultations, dedicated mental health events, and premium access to top-rated wellness apps like Calm, Headspace, and Mindletic.

**Premium healthcare**

Receive private health insurance giving you peace of mind for your health needs.

**Extra days off**

Enjoy additional vacation days off as you grow with us. Plus, get extra days for sick leave, special occasions, or parenting needs.

**Joyful moments – special treats**

Celebrate life’s big moments with special gifts from us on your birthday, anniversary, and other major events, such as weddings or the arrival of a new family member.

**Company events & team-building**

Experience iconic Nord Security celebrations, team-buildings, and knowledge-sharing events, nurturing bonds that fuel our success.

**Workation**

Embark on a legendary company getaway abroad, filled with exciting activities, live concerts, engaging workshops, and epic time together.

*Kindly refer to our Privacy Notice for Recruitment Candidates for comprehensive information regarding our data handling procedures throughout recruitment processes:* <https://bit.ly/40GWyjL>

*We expect all candidates to provide accurate and complete information during the recruitment process. While limited use of AI tools to refine application materials is acceptable, candidates remain fully responsible for ensuring that their submissions reflect their own qualifications, skills, and experience. Any failure to do so may negatively affect participation in the recruitment process. If broader AI assistance is allowed for a particular role or stage, we’ll let you know in advance.*

*By submitting your application, you acknowledge that it may be processed using automated tools for evaluation purposes. As part of our recruitment process, we may use an AI-based application review tool to help assess applications based on skills and experience relevant to the role. This technology is used to support - not replace - human decision-making, and every application is ultimately reviewed by a recruiter.*

*If you would like more information about how AI is used in this process or wish to exercise your rights under applicable data privacy laws, please contact us at [privacy@nordaccount.com](mailto:privacy@nordaccount.com). Should you prefer to opt out of the automated evaluation, please submit your application directly to [career@nordsec.com](mailto:career@nordsec.com).*