**About Agicap**

Created in Lyon in 2016 by three French entrepreneurs, Agicap is one of the fastest scale-ups in Europe, with over 8000 customers, 650 employees and fast revenue growth (7x between 2021 and 2024). Agicap is part of the French Tech 120, rewarding the most promising startups in France.

Agicap allows Finance teams of Mid-Market companies to efficiently manage and forecast their cash, pay their suppliers and get paid. By combining a Treasury Management System, and Accounts Payable and Accounts Receivable solutions into a single platform, Agicap aims at becoming the next leading Treasury Management platform for mid-market companies.

We have raised €145M since our creation, with prestigious VC funds including AVP, Greenoaks, Partech and BlackFin, with a last round in November 2024.

These additional resources further fuel our product innovation, allowing us to grow significantly and accelerate our international expansion across the world.

We believe our success comes from our highly passionate and dedicated teams, committed to building a company where people can grow and build their careers. We are constantly looking for great talents, aiming for excellence and ready to join our ambitious adventure!

[Home page](https://agicap.com/en/)

[Customer Stories](https://agicap.com/en/clients/)

[Our Values](https://career.agicap.com/article/working-at-agicap/)

**About the Account Executive - Mid-Market role:**

In daily collaboration with the Business Development team, Outbound SDR, Inbound SDR, and Partnership Managers, your mission will be to generate new business by acquiring new logos.

As a Mid Market Account Executive at Agicap, you will be responsible for driving sales and expanding our customer base within the mid-market segment. You will play a crucial role in identifying new business opportunities, building relationships with potential clients, and closing deals to achieve your sales targets.

## You will be responsible for:

- Defining and implementing a sectoral development strategy with your SDRs.
- Identifying and targeting mid-market companies that could benefit from Agicap’s financial management solutions.
- Conducting product demonstrations and presentations to showcase the value of Agicap’s offerings.
- Developing and maintaining a robust sales pipeline through prospecting, networking, and referrals.
- Building and nurturing relationships with key stakeholders and decision-makers within target organizations.
- Negotiating contracts and closing sales to meet or exceed quarterly and annual sales targets.
- Staying informed about industry developments, competitor activities, and market trends.
- Regularly monitoring and analyzing your performance with Management to identify areas for improvement.
- Providing feedback to the Marketing, Business Development, and Product teams to improve processes and the product.
- Sharing your commercial expertise and good ideas to enhance the team’s performance.

## What we are looking for:

- Native/Bilingual level of German
- 2-4 years of experience in B2B Sales, preferably in the SaaS industry and with mid-market space, and with some experience working in a finance department/audit/consulting/TS.
- Studies background in a top business or Engineering school.
- A passion for sales and a proven track record of meeting and exceeding targets.
- A tenacious, resilient salesperson who never gives up and is driven by results.
- Someone who can put themselves in the shoes of business leaders to understand their current and future cash flow needs.
- Strong analytical and synthesis skills, excellent verbal communication, and a high level of intellectual curiosity.
- Great ambition, with the drive to meet and even exceed objectives.
- A strong business acumen and above-average interpersonal skills.
- A team spirit and a desire to share knowledge, helping colleagues grow.

## 7 Reasons to Join Agicap as an AE:

- Exceptional product-market fit, confirmed by our latest funding round:
- Crucial need → cash = the lifeblood of business, top priority for CFOs (PwC)
- Strongly differentiated solution, leader in Europe (G2)
- Gigantic market: over 350k companies in DACH alone
- Unique company culture: meritocracy, high standards, continuous learning, European scale-up (>50% revenue outside France)
- Opportunities for functional and geographical growth
- Strong financial situation
- Team of rockstars, friendly and skilled
- A growth engine of a large Outbound SDR team, Inbound & Partner leads to help you scale fast!
- Competitive package - with uncapped commissions!

**Our benefits:**

**- Competitive Compensation:** Attractive package including both fixed and variable components.

**- Prime Office Location:** Work from a large, modern office at Moritzplatz (Berlin) featuring a large terrace, snacks, and drinks.

**- Professional Development:** Access a “Mini-MBA” with a focus on Finance & Treasury via the Agicap Academy.

**- Global Collaboration:** Join a diverse international team with regular events in Berlin and occasional trips to our headquarters in France.

**- Meal & Grocery Allowance:** Receive up to **€108/month tax-free** for lunch or groceries, easily managed via the Hrmony app.

**- Tenure Rewards:** Enjoy a **€30 monthly shopping voucher** after one year and up to **two additional vacation days** based on your length of service.

**- Team Culture:** Be part of a dynamic environment with global offsites (like our recent annual seminar in Chamonix-Mont-Blanc) and local team events.

AGICAP is committed to providing equal opportunities for everyone, and we foster an inclusive work environment that values diversity!