<div class="content-intro"><h2><span data-sheets-root="1">About Wolt</span></h2>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">At Wolt, we create technology that brings joy, simplicity and earnings to the neighborhoods of the world. In 2014 we started with delivery of restaurant food. Now we’re building the delivery of (almost) everything and you’ll find us in over 500 cities in 30 countries around the world. In 2022 we joined forces with DoorDash and together we keep on dreaming big and expanding across the globe.<br><br>Working at Wolt isn’t always easy, but it’s definitely exciting. Here you’ll learn more, build more, and ship more than in most other companies. You’ll be challenged a lot, but also have a lot of fun on the way. So, if you’re a self-starter with drive and entrepreneurial spirit, this could be the ride of your life.</span></p></div><p>We are excited to announce that we are seeking a Sr. Associate to join our world-class Finance &amp; Strategy team.&nbsp;</p>
<p>You will be part of the Central Finance &amp; Strategy team at Wolt. The team’s direct and primary responsibility is to ensure that everyone within Wolt has access to timely and accurate management reporting data at all times. This responsibility includes maintaining and developing the best-in-class reports used for weekly, monthly and quarterly review of the business as well as a thorough, accurate review and analysis of the business, which is directly presented to top-management on a weekly basis. <br><br>In order to achieve this, the team operates in close collaboration with cross-functional teams within Wolt and DoorDash, such as the global Finance &amp; Strategy team, as well as Accounting, Analytics, Product and local market teams. In addition, there are exciting opportunities to leave your mark in further developing our existing data systems as well as long-term projects such as our data integration with our colleagues at DoorDash.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Your team is part of the global Finance &amp; Strategy team. The F&amp;S team is the counterpart for our business, ensuring that the forecasting, budgeting, planning and reporting systems, processes and timelines are up to the exceptional standards we strive for at Wolt. In order to do so, your role will help us to jointly develop our reporting and data structures with our Finance and Analytics teams to enable us to do even more. Support the process of providing financial and strategic targets, follow-up and guidance to our Operations and Quality leadership.</p>
<h2>What you'll be doing</h2>
<ul>
<li>Ensure timely and accurate data for our F&amp;S colleagues and business counterparts to base their decisions on</li>
<li>Help prepare and develop and analyze financial reports, including weekly, monthly and quarterly management reports and forecasts</li>
<li>Identify and analyze trends, variances, and key performance indicators to provide insights and recommendations to management</li>
<li>Participate in the continued development of accurate and effective management reporting for the entire Wolt organization, ensuring accuracy and completeness of financial data and compliance with accounting standards and policies.</li>
<li>Collaborate with cross-functional teams, including Analytics and functional F&amp;S to understand business drivers and align our data flows and reporting systems accordingly</li>
<li>Be part of the long-term integration of our data systems and reporting tools to the DoorDash environment</li>
<li>Support ad-hoc data requests and reporting requests as needed</li>
</ul>
<h2>Our humble expectations</h2>
<ul>
<li>Bachelor's degree in finance, accounting, economics, or a related field</li>
<li>5+ years of experience in a highly analytical role like financial planning and (business) analysis or in a similar FP&amp;A environment</li>
<li>Strong analytical skills and proficiency in financial modeling and analysis tools (e.g. Looker). Experience and ability to work with large amounts of data</li>
<li>Strong communication skills, with the ability to present complex financial and data-related information in a clear and concise manner</li>
<li>Solid understanding of data flows, structures and databases are a must (knowledge of SQL, JavaScript or Python an advantage)</li>
<li>Ability to work independently and as part of a team in a fast-paced, dynamic environment</li>
<li>Knowledge of accounting principles and financial reporting standards considered an advantage</li>
</ul>
<p><iframe src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/GoL541\_xj9w" width="560" height="314"></iframe></p><div class="content-conclusion"><h2><span data-sheets-root="1">Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion</span></h2>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">We’re committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. That’s why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.</span></p></div>