<div class="content-intro"><p><strong>Secure Every Identity, from AI to Human<br><br></strong>Identity is the key to unlocking the potential of AI. Okta secures AI by building the trusted, neutral infrastructure that enables organizations to safely embrace this new era. This work requires a relentless drive to solve complex challenges with real-world stakes. We are looking for builders and owners who operate with speed and urgency and execute with excellence.<br><br>This is an opportunity to do career-defining work. We're all in on this mission. If you are too, let's talk.</p></div><ul>
<li>
<div class="p-pdf\_iframe\_\_page" data-page-number="1">
<div class="textLayer" data-main-rotation="0">
<p>The Solutions Engineering team are involved in all stages of the customer’s development&nbsp;lifecycle and are experienced using presentations, email, phone and social media to connect&nbsp;with customers. We are looking for great teammates that can build sales presentations, product&nbsp; demonstrations, and educate customers (everyone from developers to product managers to&nbsp;C-level executives) on the best ways to cloud security and Identity and Access Management.&nbsp;We believe in Okta’s Solutions Engineers empathise with customers and quickly discern their&nbsp;true technical needs by asking detailed and clarifying questions and presenting solutions that target those needs. You have the rare combination of technical savviness and business insight&nbsp;and you’re looking for a career where you can utilise both. As a Solutions Engineer at Okta, you&nbsp;will hone each of these skills by advising a diverse set of customers on what is possible using&nbsp;Okta’s Identity Platform.</p>
<p>What you’ll be doing:</p>
<p>● Involved in all stages of the customer’s development lifecycle and using presentations,&nbsp;email, phone and social media to connect with customers</p>
<p>● Building sales presentations, product demonstrations, and educate customers (everyone&nbsp;from developers to product managers to C-level executives) on the best ways to cloud</p>
<p>security technology.</p>
<p>● Empathising with customers and quickly discern their true technical needs by asking&nbsp;detailed and clarifying questions and presenting solutions that target those needs.</p>
<p>● Using your technical savviness and business insights. As a Sales Engineer at Okta, you&nbsp;will hone each of these skills by advising a diverse set of customers on what is possible</p>
<p>using Okta’s Identity Platform.</p>
<p>What you’ll bring to the role:</p>
<p>● A passion to serve the customer, which has played out in some customer-facing role like&nbsp;consulting or support, ideally sales engineering</p>
<p>● An ability to quickly communicate complex ideas around a technical topic, ideally on the fly at a whiteboard</p>
<p>● Experience with at least one standard network security protocol (eg. OIDC, OAuth2,&nbsp;SAML, LDAP)</p>
<p>● Experience in identity governance and administration (IGA): identity lifecycle&nbsp;management, access reviews, role-based access control (RBAC), and policy&nbsp;enforcement</p>
<p>● Experience in Privilege Access Management (PAM): familiarity with concepts such as&nbsp;least privilege, just-in-time (JIT) access, session monitoring, and vaulting privileged&nbsp;credentials to secure critical assets</p>
<p>● An understanding of core security concerns within a typical application (password&nbsp;hashing, SSL/TLS, encryption at rest, XSS, XSRF)</p>
</div>
</div>
<div class="p-pdf\_iframe\_\_page" data-page-number="2">
<div class="textLayer" data-main-rotation="0">● Excellent communication skills and an ability to articulate business value - Italian and English fluent<br>● An ability to disperse knowledge to a highly skilled and experienced audience.<br>● Enjoy travel and meeting customers - Typically 10-25%.<br>And extra credit if you have experience in any of the following!<br>● Experience with Identity &amp; Access Management, Single Sign-on and API-based solutions<br>● Fluency in another European language<br>● Bachelor's degree in Engineering, Computer Science, MIS or a comparable field<br>● Software Developer experienc</div>
</div>
</li>
</ul>
<p class="p1">#LI-IG<br>#LI-Hybrid</p>
<p class="p1"><small>P12856\_3376160</small></p><div class="content-pay-transparency"><div class="pay-input"><div class="description"><p><span data-sheets-root="1">Below is the annual On Target Compensation (OTE) range for candidates located in Italy. Your actual OTE, which is inclusive of base salary and incentive compensation, will depend on factors such as your skills, qualifications, experience, and work location. In addition, Okta offers equity (where applicable) and comprehensive financial benefits including paid time off and parental leave in accordance with our applicable plans and policies.<br></span></p></div><div class="title">The OTE range for this position for candidates located in Italy is between:</div><div class="pay-range"><span>€90.000</span><span class="divider">&mdash;</span><span>€99.000 EUR</span></div></div></div><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong><br>The Okta Experience</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><a href="http://rewards.okta.com">Supporting Your Well-Being</a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="https://www.okta.com/company/okta-for-good/">Driving Social Impact&nbsp;</a></li>
<li><a href="https://www.okta.com/company/talent-connection-community/">Developing Talent and Fostering Connection + Community</a></li>
</ul>
<p>We are intentional about connection. Our global community, spanning over 20 offices worldwide, is united by a drive to innovate. Your journey begins with an immersive, in-person onboarding experience designed to accelerate your impact and connect you to our mission and team from day one.<br><br>Okta is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, marital status, age, physical or mental disability, or status as a protected veteran. We also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and convictions records, consistent with applicable laws.<br><br>If reasonable accommodation is needed to complete any part of the job application, interview process, or onboarding please&nbsp;<a href="https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1EfiEYZrIyhA2X4Fijk0R3RKYOzNoS3wtvyM4nhbZnXE/edit">use this Form</a> to request an accommodation.<br><br>Notice for New York City Applicants &amp; Employees: Okta may use Automated Employment Decision Tools (AEDT), as defined by New York City Local Law 144, that use artificial intelligence, machine learning, or other automated processes to assist in our recruitment and hiring process. In accordance with NYC Local Law 144, if you are an applicant or employee residing in New York City, please&nbsp;<a href="https://talent.okta.com/new-york-city-aedt-notice.html">click here</a> to view our full NYC AEDT Notice.<br><br>Okta is committed to complying with applicable data privacy and security laws and regulations. For more information, please see our Personnel and Job Candidate Privacy Notice at&nbsp;<a href="https://www.okta.com/legal/personnel-policy/">https://www.okta.com/legal/personnel-policy/</a>.</p></div>