<p>
  <strong>Headquarters:</strong> Paris, Île-de-France, FR
</p>

<h2>Détail du poste</h2><p>Who we are<br><br>We help consumers shop smarter. Our ambition is to revolutionize the way people shop, empowering them to find what they need, make informed purchasing decisions, and save money.<br><br>Joko is a tech company founded in Paris. Our team of over 50 talents is international and spread across offices in Paris, Barcelona and New York, or working remotely.<br><br>As a certified B Corporation, we are committed to making a difference in the lives of the communities we serve, including the 4 million consumers already using Joko to save money every day at over 7,000 merchants.<br><br>Over the years, we have quickly expanded our value proposition to enable consumers to make smarter shopping decisions through many features : cash back, buy now and pay later, automatic coupons, price drop alerts, carbon footprint tracking, and more. Today, we are dedicating significant resources to developing an AI-powered assistant that helps users find the right product based on their criteria for price, quality, or environmental impact from the global e-commerce catalog.<br><br>After reaching profitability in our core market, we are now expanding internationally with a primary focus on the US.<br><br>IT's still day 1; come build the future of shopping with us !<br><br>This position is remote-friendly.<br><br>Our Product team<br><br>Led by Xavier, our co-founder and CEO, Joko's Product team groups the passionate individuals behind our users' delight ! From brainstorming to development to launch, the Product team's main mission is to turn ideas into reality by working hand-in-hand with the Engineering, Design, and Business teams.<br><br>Your scope<br><br>As Product Designer, you will take the lead in shaping our UX and UI design practice across multiple products, setting our design standards, and defining the future of our user experience. You will collaborate closely with the CEO, Lead Product Designer, and your peers in the Product team to build world-class products that are used and loved by millions of users.<br><br>What you will do<br><br>Your responsibilities will include :<br>- Designing world-class products : You will bring your talent and expertise into crafting a world-class suite of products. Our products currently encompass a mobile app, a web app, a desktop extension, and a mobile Safari extension - and there's more to come !<br>- From discovery to delivery : You will take part in all steps of product development with the REST of the team, from identifying user and business needs by talking to stakeholders and users, to designing and implementing solutions together with the Product and Engineering teams.<br>- Implementing best-in-class design practices : As a key member of an evolving team, you will play a crucial role in scaling our existing design practices. With a detailed design system already in place, your expertise will enhance and refine our framework, ensuring consistency and excellence across all products as we expand our offerings and impact.<br>- Brand identity : You will work closely with the Marketing team to contribute to the evolution of our brand identity and to making sure our products' touch and feel are consistent with this identity.<br><br>Who we're looking for<br>- Experience : You have a 3y+ experience as a Product Designer, ideally including on mobile app and / or consumer products.<br>- Design skills : You have demonstrated strong skills on both mobile and desktop. You make your work scalable. You love simple but powerful experiences.<br>- Leadership : You are autonomous in your work and reliable when IT comes to delivering for your coworkers. You communicate about problems.<br>- Mindset :You have an entrepreneurial mindset, you like challenges, you welcome feedback and are willing to get better every day to reach excellence.<br>- Languages :You are fluent in English, both written and spoken.<br><br>Our perks<br><br>We believe that flexibility and trust are important parts of a company. Our work environment reflects this thanks to :<br>- Flexible remote : If you live in Paris, you can work from our office or from your place with no constraints. If you live elsewhere, you can get access to a coworking space.<br>- Work from anywhere : Do you want to travel to Italy for a month and work from there? For up to 3 months a year, you may work from most countries in the world.<br><br>On top of that, we offer many perks such as :<br>- A budget for remote workequipment<br>- A ClassPass subscription for you to stay in shape wherever you are<br>- Premium health insurance (Alan Bluein France)<br>- ASwilecard for your meals, if you are based in France<br>- Frequent team events and in-person gatherings every quarter !<br>- And so much more, see<br><br>Our hiring process<br>- 20-min call with the Hiring Manager<br>- 45-min personality interview with two team members<br>- A case study followed by a 45-min debrief with team members / For Tech positions : live tests with team members<br>- 45-min Founders interview<br>- Reference calls<br><br>You might also BE invited to meet other team members at the office for a coffee or a drink !</p>

<p><strong>To apply:</strong> <a href="https://weworkremotely.com/remote-jobs/joko-product-designer-h-f">https://weworkremotely.com/remote-jobs/joko-product-designer-h-f</a></p>