<div class="content-intro"><p><strong data-stringify-type="bold">Why work at Nebius<br></strong>Nebius is leading a new era in cloud computing to serve the global AI economy. We create the tools and resources our customers need to solve real-world challenges and transform industries, without massive infrastructure costs or the need to build large in-house AI/ML teams. Our employees work at the cutting edge of AI cloud infrastructure alongside some of the most experienced and innovative leaders and engineers in the field.</p>
<p><strong>Where we work<br></strong>Headquartered in Amsterdam and listed on Nasdaq, Nebius has a global footprint with R&amp;D hubs across Europe, North America, and Israel. The team of over 1400 employees includes more than 400 highly skilled engineers with deep expertise across hardware and software engineering, as well as an in-house AI R&amp;D team.</p></div><p><strong>Summary:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p><strong>Locations</strong>: Finland, Israel<br><strong>Duration</strong>: 2-3 months<br><strong>Start date</strong>: June 2026&nbsp;<br><strong>Compensation</strong>: Paid<br><strong>Eligibility</strong>: Current college/university student (Computer Science or related field), Recent Graduate or Early Career specialist<br><strong>Work authorization</strong>: Permitted to work in the job’s location</p>
<p><br><strong>Role description&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>As an IT Datacenter Technician Intern, you will learn to play a vital role in maintaining and optimizing IT infrastructure within our data centers. This includes working hands-on with modern GPU cloud cluster technologies. Your responsibilities will involve learning how to support data center IT infrastructure, troubleshoot and resolve hardware issues, perform physical hardware repairs, and ensure the smooth operation of critical systems.</p>
<p>This is a shift-based role and provides an opportunity to become a full-time Nebius L1 IT Technician.</p>
<p><strong>Skills you will learn:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Diagnosing and resolving issues related to IT hardware, while ensuring continuous support of the data center’s IT infrastructure.</li>
<li>Collaborating effectively with internal teams and external contractors to address technical and operational challenges.</li>
<li>Installing, upgrading, and dismantling hardware based on operational requests and requirements.</li>
<li>Managing and maintaining the connectivity of fiber optic cables and patch cords.</li>
<li>Planning, executing, and monitoring regular IT tasks to maintain and improve infrastructure operations.</li>
<li>Processing Return Merchandise Authorizations (RMAs) in compliance with established manuals and procedures.</li>
<li>Developing clear and comprehensive documentation and manuals for hardware configuration, troubleshooting, and maintenance.</li>
<li>Collaborating cross-functionally with other teams.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>We expect you to have:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Enrollment in or recent graduation from an accredited college, university, or technical school with a focus on Information Technology, Computer Science, Engineering, or a related field.</li>
<li>Be at least 18 years old by the internship start date.</li>
<li>Be eligible to work in the country where the position is located, without requiring sponsorship.</li>
<li>A demonstrated strong interest and foundational knowledge in IT data center operations, networking, hardware, and software.</li>
<li>The ability to comply with all safety, security, and confidentiality policies of the IT data center.</li>
<li>Availability to commit to the full internship duration (minimum of 8 weeks, full-time).</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>What we offer:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Competitive salary and comprehensive benefits package.</li>
<li>Mentorship from experienced infrastructure professionals.</li>
<li>Hands-on experience with real workloads and systems.</li>
<li>A dynamic and collaborative work environment that values initiative and innovation.</li>
<li>Opportunity to be considered for a full-time role after the Early Talent Program.</li>
</ul>
<p>We’re growing and expanding our products every day. If you’re up to the challenge and are excited about AI and ML as much as we are, join us!</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>What we offer</strong>&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>Competitive salary and comprehensive benefits package.</li>
<li>Opportunities for professional growth within Nebius.</li>
<li>Flexible working arrangements.</li>
<li>A dynamic and collaborative work environment that values initiative and innovation.</li>
</ul>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">We’re growing and expanding our products every day. If you’re up to the challenge and are excited about AI and ML as much as we are, join us!</span></p></div>