<h2><strong>About the opportunity</strong></h2>
<p>The Senior Manager, Business Audit supports internal audit activities across the N26 group, including external contractors and subsidiaries, in line with professional and regulatory standards. Key responsibilities include developing and executing a comprehensive risk-based annual audit plan, managing the full audit cycle to ensure operational effectiveness, compliance, and reliability, and auditing both in-house and outsourced processes. The position requires preparing detailed audit reports, regularly communicating findings and agreed actions to management and committees, monitoring timely resolution of issues, participating in strategic projects while maintaining independence, and supervising junior auditors to ensure high-quality outputs.</p>
<h2><strong>In this role, you will:</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Conduct and support all business internal audit activities within the N26 group including external contractors&nbsp;</li>
<li>Prepare and where necessary lead the full audit cycle including risk management and control management over business operations’ effectiveness, reliability and compliance with all applicable directives and regulations</li>
<li>Prepare and where necessary lead a comprehensive risk-based annual audit plan for business functions, including product, customer operations, sales, marketing, and partnerships</li>
<li>Audit all activities and processes, including those outsourced at appropriate intervals and of all subsidiaries performed in accordance with established professional and regulatory standards&nbsp;</li>
<li>Prepare the internal audit reports as per requirements with strong focus on attention to details of specific boundaries of the audit/s defined scope&nbsp;</li>
<li>Prepare written reports on each audit and submit to the responsible members of the management board and communicate the outcomes / agreed actions to specific team members, this includes regular reporting to management board and committees&nbsp;</li>
<li>Monitor in an appropriate form whether the findings identified during the audit are remedied within the specified timeframe</li>
<li>Participate in key projects, while guarding independence, avoiding conflicts of interest and maintain internal audit policies and procedures</li>
<li>Supervise and review the audit outputs of junior team members enabling them to be successful in their role</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>What you need to be successful:</strong></h2>
<p>Background:&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>Successfully completed degree in economics or comparable training.</li>
<li>Gained at least 7 years working experience as Internal Auditor in an international company, in a regulated environment. Preferably in a bank or other financial institution or an audit company.</li>
<li>High degree of process understanding as well as profound knowledge in the areas of online banking and retail products.</li>
<li>Very good insight into Banking laws &amp; requirements, and willing to become acquainted with local specific Banking laws, standard banking requirements as well as banking IT-Systems.</li>
<li>Good English (and German) language skills. Any other European language is a plus.</li>
</ul>
<p>Skills:&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>Strong communication and stakeholder management with the ability to engage with cross-functional stakeholders and to withstand management pushback.</li>
<li>Proficiency in audit tools, data analytics, and reporting systems</li>
<li>Deep understanding of operational and financial (key) controls, process optimization, and risk mitigation</li>
<li>Strong report writer focus on legal and factual subsumption.</li>
<li>Robust and defensible reporting,</li>
<li>Audit Leadership and audit quality assurance</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>What’s in it for you:</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Accelerate your career growth by joining one of Europe’s most talked about disruptors 🚀.</li>
<li>Employee benefits that range from a competitive personal development budget, work from home budget, discounts to fitness &amp; wellness memberships, language apps and public transportation.&nbsp;</li>
<li>As an N26 employee you will have access to a Premium subscription on your personal N26 bank account. As well as subscriptions for friends and family members.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;</li>
<li>Additional day of annual leave for each year of service.&nbsp;&nbsp;</li>
<li>A high degree of autonomy and access to cutting edge technologies - all while working with a friendly team of peers of diverse nationalities, experiences, and backgrounds.&nbsp;</li>
<li>A relocation package with visa support for those who need it.</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Who we are</strong></h2>
<p>N26 has reimagined banking for today’s digital world. Technology and design empower<a href="https://n26.com/en-eu/blog"> everything we do</a> and it’s how we are building the global banking platform the world loves to use.</p>
<p>We've eliminated physical branches, paperwork, and hidden fees for an elegant digital experience and supreme savings. Giving people the power to live and bank their way is what gets us out of bed in the morning and inspires the work that we do.&nbsp;</p>
<p>We are headquartered in Berlin with offices in multiple cities across Europe, including Vienna and Barcelona, and a 1,500-strong team of more than 80 nationalities.</p>
<p><strong>Sounds good? Apply now for this position.</strong></p>
<p>Do you see yourself thriving in this role? We’d love to see your application even if you don’t meet 100% of the criteria. You may just be the right fit for this or other roles!</p>
<p><strong>Equal opportunities for all</strong></p>
<p>At N26, we believe our strength lies in our people and the varied perspectives they bring. We strive to build diverse teams that drive innovation and business success. We actively seek talent from all backgrounds and welcome applications from all genders, cultures, sexual orientations, abilities, neurodiversities, and ages.</p>
<p>We are committed to providing an excellent and accessible candidate experience. If you require any accommodations to make this process work for you, please let us know. We’re here to support you!</p>
<p>Discover more about Diversity &amp; Inclusion at N26:<a href="https://n26.com/en-eu/diversity-and-inclusion"> https://n26.com/en-eu/diversity-and-inclusion</a></p>