<p>MongoDB is seeking a Senior Analyst to support data-driven, people-focused decision making for the company.&nbsp; Partnering with our People team, you will transform HR and organizational data into actionable insights to help us hire the right talent, manage our overall workforce, and improve workforce effectiveness, leading to better outcomes for our people and the company.</p>
<p>This position requires someone with strong analytical and technical skills, the ability to tell a story with data, and who is comfortable working across multiple functional areas in a fast-paced, challenging environment.</p>
<p>We are looking to speak to candidates who are based in Gurugram for our hybrid working model.</p>
<h3>Responsibilities</h3>
<ul>
<li>Partner with People teams (compensation, recruiting, culture/talent/development, etc.) to understand their questions, turn analyses into actionable data-driven insights, and make business recommendations</li>
<li>Help develop and execute against roadmap for people data investments to both capture near-term value and set up the team for long-term success</li>
<li>Liaise with Data Engineering and HRIS teams to create and manage a curated central repository for people data</li>
<li>Design and build automated dashboards to empower stakeholders to self-serve their data and analytical needs</li>
<li>Prioritize and triage analytical and reporting asks from across the People team</li>
<li>Develop and support ongoing data governance and data quality processes</li>
<li>Effectively communicate analytical findings to non-technical audiences</li>
</ul>
<h3>Requirements</h3>
<ul>
<li>3+ years of hands-on analytics experience (focus on people/HR analytics preferred)</li>
<li>Advanced SQL skills, comfortable manipulating very large datasets&nbsp;</li>
<li>Proficient in Python or R with a strong focus on data wrangling and data analysis</li>
<li>Extensive experience with Tableau or another leading visualization tool is required</li>
<li>Experience analyzing complex people data (e.g. headcount, attrition, recruiting metrics, compensation data) strongly preferred but not required</li>
<li>Familiarity with data architecture fundamentals and data warehousing</li>
<li>Proficiency with data modeling and data quality best practices</li>
<li>Demonstrated ability to effectively communicate and set priorities with key stakeholders at all levels of the organization</li>
<li>Highly collaborative and organized, with a strong attention to detail&nbsp;</li>
<li>Comfort with ambiguity and ability to work in a self-guided manner</li>
<li>Committed to contributing to a collaborative, enjoyable, and psychologically safe work environment</li>
<li>Exposure to Modern Cloud Data Warehouses preferred.</li>
</ul>
<h3>About MongoDB</h3>
<p>MongoDB is built for change, empowering our customers and our people to innovate at the speed of the market. We have redefined the database for the AI era, enabling innovators to create, transform, and disrupt industries with software. MongoDB’s unified database platform, the most widely available, globally distributed database on the market, helps organizations modernize legacy workloads, embrace innovation, and unleash AI. Our cloud-native platform, MongoDB Atlas, is the only globally distributed, multi-cloud database and is available across AWS, Google Cloud, and Microsoft Azure.</p>
<p>With offices worldwide and over 60,000 customers, including 75% of the Fortune 100 and AI-native startups, relying on MongoDB for their most important applications, we’re powering the next era of software.</p>
<p>Our compass at MongoDB is our <a href="https://www.mongodb.com/company">Leadership Commitment,</a> guiding how and why we make decisions, show up for each other, and win. It’s what makes us MongoDB.&nbsp;</p>
<p>To drive the personal growth and business impact of our employees, we’re committed to developing a supportive and enriching culture for everyone. <a href="https://www.mongodb.com/company/blog/culture/employee-benefits-that-make-a-difference-at-mongodb">From employee affinity groups, to fertility assistance and a generous parental leave policy</a>, we value our employees’ wellbeing and want to support them along every step of their professional and personal journeys.<a href="https://www.mongodb.com/blog/channel/culture"> Learn more about what it’s like to work at MongoDB</a>, and help us make an impact on the world!</p>
<p>MongoDB is committed to providing any necessary accommodations for individuals with disabilities within our application and interview process. To request an accommodation due to a disability, please inform your recruiter.</p>
<p>MongoDB is an equal opportunities employer.</p>
<table class="fields">
<tbody>
<tr>
<td>Requisition ID</td>
<td data-provides="requisition\_id">1273362655</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>