<div class="content-intro"><p><strong><em>🚀 We’re on a mission to make money work for everyone.</em></strong></p>
<p>We’re waving goodbye to the complicated and confusing ways of traditional banking.</p>
<p>After starting as a prepaid card, our product offering has grown a lot in the last 10 years in the UK. As well as&nbsp;<a href="https://monzo.com/current-account/personal">personal</a> and <a href="https://monzo.com/business-banking">business</a> bank accounts, we offer <a href="https://monzo.com/current-account/joint-account">joint accounts</a>, <a href="https://monzo.com/current-account/16-17">accounts for 16-17 year olds</a>, a <a href="https://monzo.com/current-account/under-16s">free kids account</a> and <a href="https://monzo.com/flex">credit cards</a> in the UK, with more exciting things to come beyond. Our UK customers can also <a href="https://monzo.com/savings">save</a>, <a href="https://monzo.com/investments">invest </a>and&nbsp;<a href="https://monzo.com/pensions">combine their pensions</a> with us.&nbsp;</p>
<p>With our hot coral cards and get-paid-early feature, combined with financial education on social media and our award winning customer service, we have a long history of creating magical moments for our customers!</p>
<p>We’re not about selling products - we want to solve problems and change lives through Monzo ❤️</p>
<hr>
<p>&nbsp;</p></div><p><strong>⭐Our Finance team</strong></p>
<p>We are looking for a detailed &amp; collaborative Finance Business Partner (EU) Partner, on a 12-month Fixed Term Contract, to help build and lead forecasting for Monzo’s European entity. We want to bring our Monzo magic to the EU and redefine the way that people interact with money. You will be at the forefront of driving growth and scale in a safe and compliant manner, whilst delivering a delightful experience for our customers.</p>
<p><strong>🔑You’ll play a key role by…</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Taking overall responsibility for the forecasting and analysis for several business areas</li>
<li>Taking full ownership of annual budget, forecasts and multi year plan for these business areas</li>
<li>Preparing management information, insights &amp; reporting to senior leadership team, highlighting emerging issues &amp; potential future challenges</li>
<li>Assisting with the development of various strategic &amp; tactical initiatives</li>
<li>Working independently and take the initiative to develop relationships and work across the business to help them understand financial perspectives</li>
<li>Using financial expertise to drive commercial performance through accurate insights and advice</li>
<li>Making sure financials are managed in line with business plans for both short and long term</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>🤩We’d love to hear from you if you..</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Have relevant experience within the <strong>banking / fintech sector</strong> - this is a must have</li>
<li>Have demonstrable experience in finance business partnering&nbsp;</li>
<li>An accountancy qualification or qualified by significant experience</li>
<li>Hold strong financial modelling (advanced Excel/Google Sheets) experience</li>
<li>Have great analytical &amp; problem solving skills, with the ability to identify trends, issues and recommend actions&nbsp;</li>
<li>Hold good interpersonal &amp; influencing skills, ability to engage across various internal functions to develop, get buy-in and deliver outcomes across teams</li>
<li>Have the ability to confidently present data in a meaningful and effective way; understanding the needs of the end users and tailoring presentations to their requirements</li>
<li>Have experience building strong, trusted relationships with stakeholders at all levels</li>
<li>Have experience building business cases, presenting and debating investment choices</li>
<li>Demonstrate ability to be hands-on and enjoy supporting colleagues, projects or tasks both big or small</li>
<li>Have strong attention to detail and organisational skills, able to support with developing new processes and streamlining existing processes to create efficiencies</li>
<li>Can demonstrable SQL, data analysis experience and experience using forecasting tools</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>\*Please note we cannot provide sponsorship for this position</strong></p>
<p>Not ticking every box? That’s totally okay! Studies show that women and people of colour might hesitate to apply unless they meet every single requirement. At Monzo, we’re dedicated to creating a diverse and welcoming team. If you’re passionate about this role and keen to learn and grow with us, we encourage you to apply— even if you don’t have everything that's listed just yet. Drop us your application, we’d love to hear from you!</p>
<p><strong>🙌What’s in it for you</strong></p>
<p>💰A salary range of €70,000 - €87,000.<br><br>📍This role will have a hybrid working model, based in our Dublin office 2 - 3 days a week .</p>
<p>⏰We offer flexible working hours and trust you to work enough hours to do your job well, and at times that suit you and your team.&nbsp;</p>
<p>🏝 Annual Leave - 34 days including public holidays (24 holiday days + 10 public holidays)</p>
<p>📚€1,200 learning budget each year to use on books, training courses and conferences.</p>
<p>🏥Private healthcare scheme</p>
<p>💰Pension scheme: the minimum contribution is 4% and Monzo matches any additional contributions that you make up to a maximum of 6%</p>
<p>💛Wellbeing benefits: financial education, women’s and men’s health support, mental health benefits, including coaching and counselling</p>
<p><strong>🌈 The application journey has 3 key steps</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Introductory video call with recruiter (30mins)</li>
<li>Initial video call with hiring manager (30 mins)</li>
<li>A series of technical and behavioural&nbsp; video interviews with relevant stakeholders (45 - 60 mins each)</li>
</ul>
<p>This process should take around 2-3 weeks - your schedule is really important to us, so we promise to be as flexible as possible!&nbsp;</p>
<p>We have some guidelines on using Artificial Intelligence (AI) to ace an application and interview at Monzo. <a href="https://monzo.com/blog/the-ultimate-guide-on-using-ai-to-ace-an-interview-at-monzo">You can read them here.</a></p>
<p>We’ll only close this role once we have enough applications for the next stage. Please submit your application as soon as possible to make sure you don’t miss out.&nbsp;</p>
<p>If you're successful in applying for this role, we'll work with you to find a start date. In some cases, there might be a delay in when you can be released from your current role so that we can make sure things continue to run smoothly. We’ll be sure to communicate this with you and keep you updated.</p>
<p>#LI-ÉS1</p><div class="content-conclusion"><hr>
<p><strong>Equal opportunities for everyone</strong></p>
<p>Diversity and inclusion are a priority for us and we’re making sure we have lots of support for all of our people to grow at Monzo. At Monzo, we’re embracing diversity by fostering an inclusive environment for all people to do the best work of their lives with us. This is integral to our mission of making money work for everyone. You can read more in our <a href="https://monzo.com/blog/diversity-and-inclusion">blog</a>, 2024 <a href="https://monzo.com/blog/our-2024-diversity-and-inclusion-report" target="\_blank">Diversity and Inclusion Report</a> and 2024 <a href="https://monzo.com/blog/an-update-on-our-gender-pay-gap-2024">Gender Pay Gap Report.</a></p>
<p>We’re an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be considered for employment without attention to age, ethnicity, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, family or parental status, national origin, or veteran, neurodiversity or disability status.</p>
<p>If you have a preferred name, please use it to apply. We don't need full or birth names at application stage 😊</p></div>