<div class="content-intro"><div>firsthand supports individuals living with SMI (serious mental illness). Our holistic approach includes a team of peer recovery specialists, benefits specialists and clinicians. Our teams focus on meeting each individual where they are and walking with them side by side as a trusted guide and partner on their journey to better health.</div>
<div>&nbsp;</div>
<div>firsthand's team members use their lived experience to build trust with these individuals and support them in reconnecting to the healthcare they need, while minimizing inappropriate healthcare utilization. Together with our health plan partners, we are changing the way our society supports those most impacted by SMI.</div>
<div>&nbsp;</div>
<div>We are cultivating a team of deeply passionate problem-solvers to tackle significant and complex healthcare challenges with us. This is more than a job—it's a calling. Every day, you will engage in work that resonates with purpose, gain wisdom from motivated colleagues, and thrive in an environment that celebrates continuous learning, creativity, and fun.</div>
<div>&nbsp;</div></div><p><strong>Manager, Community Operations</strong><br>The Manager, Community Operations is responsible for the operation of firsthand’s market-level community-based staff, ensuring consistent, scalable, person-centric approaches by the&nbsp;community teams across the market. The Manager, Community Operations ensures firsthand’s teams are effective in outreach, trust-building, engagement, benefits navigation, and clinical review for engaged individuals. This is a supervisory role with direct responsibility for hiring and&nbsp;oversight of team performance.</p>
<p>The Manager, Community Operations must be able to work in the community, meeting individuals where they are, and be comfortable working in non-traditional settings and unstructured environments. Experience supervising peer recovery specialists and/or community behavioral health staff is preferred.</p>
<p><strong>Job Specifics</strong><br>As Manager, Community Operations, you will:</p>
<ul>
<li>Lead, motivate, and inspire community teams of peers, social workers, and clinicians deeply dedicated to firsthand’s mission</li>
<li>Be accountable for the success of the Community Team and engage in the coordination&nbsp;activities of community-based team members - Includes direct supervision of community&nbsp;team members</li>
<li>Ensure the seamless execution of firsthand’s operational and strategic plans, including&nbsp;adapting practices as the business evolves</li>
<li>Work with Senior Director, Operations) to expand firsthand’s local community presence and referral network with best-in-class CMHCs, FQHCs, health systems, and other local&nbsp;care providers</li>
<li>Support the management of individual and team performance to OKRs, effectively coaching community-based staff</li>
<li>Communicate key information, progress, and pain points to both internal staff and external partners</li>
<li>Lead recruitment of community-based staff in collaboration with the People team</li>
<li>Collaborate with the People Team and Learning and Development team to manage the&nbsp;development, coaching, training, and performance of community-based staff</li>
<li>Collaborate across multidisciplinary teams, including clinicians, operations, and support staff, to drive integrated care and improve service delivery.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>You will be a good fit if you have:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Exceptional interpersonal and communication skills, especially in working collaboratively with community-based staff and local providers</li>
<li>Excellent organizational, project management, and problem-solving skills, with a team-focused and continuous improvement orientation</li>
<li>Strong management and supervisory skills, including organizing and leading initiatives</li>
<li>Ability to be flexible and adaptable to changing strategies and needs for firsthand, its staff, and its members</li>
<li>Openness in sharing best practices and challenges with operational leadership team</li>
<li>Direct community experience working with individuals living with SMI</li>
<li>Proficiency with Google Office suite, Slack, and Client Relationship Management (CRM) programs</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>The experience you bring to this role includes:</strong><br><em>Required:</em></p>
<ul>
<li>Minimum five years' experience in a healthcare-focused business (preferably leading community-based teams)</li>
<li>Minimum of three years of direct supervisory experience (managing certified peer&nbsp;recovery specialists or similar staff with lived experience) - making hiring decisions,<br>managing team member performance, etc.</li>
<li>Experience working in a multidisciplinary setting, leveraging diverse expertise to provide holistic care</li>
<li>Experience in an early-stage startup is strongly preferred&nbsp;</li>
<li>Ability to operate a vehicle, including a driver’s license that is active and in good standing;&nbsp;must be eligible to drive under Company insurance policy</li>
</ul><div class="content-pay-transparency"><div class="pay-input"><div class="title">Base salary range:</div><div class="pay-range"><span>$90,000</span><span class="divider">&mdash;</span><span>$90,000 USD</span></div></div></div><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>We firmly believe that great candidates for this role may not meet 100% of the criteria listed in this posting. We encourage you to apply anyway - we look forward to begin getting to know you.</strong></p>
<p><strong>Benefits<br></strong>For full-time employees, our compensation package includes base, equity (or a special incentive program for clinical roles) and performance bonus potential. Our benefits include physical and mental health, dental, vision, 401(k) with a match, 16 weeks parental leave for either parent, 15 days/year vacation in your first year (this increases to 20 days/year in your second year and beyond), and a supportive and inclusive culture.</p>
<div><strong>Vaccination Policy</strong></div>
<div>Employment with firsthand is contingent upon attesting to medical clearance requirements, which include, but may not be limited to: evidence of vaccination for/immunity to COVID-19, Hepatitis B, Influenza, MMR, Chickenpox, Tetanus and Diphtheria. All employees of firsthand are required to receive these vaccinations on a cadence/frequency as advised by the CDC, whereas not otherwise prohibited by state law.</div>
<div>New hires may submit for consideration a request to be exempted from these requirements (based on a valid religious or medical reason) via forms provided by firsthand. Such requests will be subject to review and approval by the Company, and exemptions will be granted only if the Company can provide a reasonable accommodation in relation to the requested exemption. Note that approvals for reasonable accommodations are reviewed and approved on a case-by-case basis and availability of a reasonable accommodation is not guaranteed.</div>
<div>&nbsp;</div>
<div><em>Unfortunately, we are not able to offer sponsorship at this time.</em></div>
<div>&nbsp;</div>
<div><em>firsthand Health will only contact candidates from email addresses ending in <strong>@</strong><strong><a href="http://firsthandcares.com" target="\_blank">firsthandcares.com</a></strong>. Any communication from another domain claiming to represent firsthand is fraudulent. We will never ask for payment or sensitive financial information during the hiring process. If you receive suspicious outreach, please do not respond.</em></div>
<p>&nbsp;</p></div>