<div class="content-intro"><p><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif; font-size: 12pt;">Airbnb was born in 2007 when two hosts welcomed three guests to their San Francisco home, and has since grown to over 5 million hosts who have welcomed over 2 billion guest arrivals in almost every country across the globe. Every day, hosts offer unique stays and experiences that make it possible for guests to connect with communities in a more authentic way.</span></p></div><p><strong>The community you will join: </strong><strong><br></strong></p>
<p>At Airbnb, the Growth Marketing team sits at the dynamic crossroads of marketing, engineering, and data science. We’re responsible for driving Airbnb’s business performance by deploying innovative, data-driven marketing strategies.&nbsp;</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>The difference you will make:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>As Growth Marketing Lead, you’ll have a unique opportunity to shape Airbnb’s growth narrative in Japan. You’ll be the champion for Growth Marketing channels, translating strategic vision into actionable plans and flawless execution. You’ll identify and prioritize high-impact opportunities, manage complex cross-functional projects, and collaborate with global and regional teams. Your leadership will ensure not only the ongoing success of our core marketing programs, but also the discovery of new areas of growth for your market.</p>
<p><strong>Your responsibilities:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Develop and Execute Growth Marketing Strategies: Identify and incorporate local nuances to infuse authentic local flavor into Growth Marketing initiatives, ensuring strategies are tailored to resonate with local cultures, preferences, and market conditions.</li>
<li>Cross-Functional Leadership: Build strong relationships with regional and global teams, setting and managing expectations effectively to deliver measurable business impact. Establish and optimize operating rhythm and ways of working.</li>
<li>Project Management: Partner closely with Regional Marketing, Engineering, Product, Data Science, and Creative teams to align on priorities, shape product roadmaps, and lead the planning and execution of Growth Marketing initiatives—ensuring flawless delivery, clear accountability, and effective communication across all levels. Strategic Vision &amp; Hands-On Execution: Operate at both strategic and tactical levels—setting vision, defining KPIs, and rolling up your sleeves to support the execution and optimization of growth campaigns in-market.</li>
<li>Insights &amp; Reporting: Build strong relationships with Japan Business and Marketing Teams and ensure alignment across initiatives. In regional leadership reviews, represent Growth Marketing, provide actionable insights, clear reporting, and thoughtful recommendations to guide strategic decisions.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Your expertise: </strong>&nbsp;&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>Growth Marketing Expertise: 10+ years of&nbsp; relevant work experience in Growth Marketing&nbsp; (Search, CRM, Display, and Affiliate), with proven track record of scaling business for B2C brands ideally in fast-paced, global environments.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Japan Market Mastery: Deep understanding of the Japan market, consumer trends, and digital behaviors, with experience tailoring strategies for Japan and working with local agencies and platforms.</li>
<li>Analytical and Strategic: Expert at leveraging data to prioritize opportunities, drive decision-making, and measure business impact.</li>
<li>Cross-Functional Collaboration: Proven ability to influence and drive product conversations with engineering, design, creative and data science partners. Experience working with global channel owners.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Project Management Excellence: Highly organized self-starter who thrives in dynamic environments; able to independently manage complex projects from strategy to execution.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Stakeholder Management: Exceptional communicator who builds trust and alignment with senior leadership, peers, and global teams.</li>
<li>Results-Driven: Relentless focus on outcomes, with a track record of delivering against ambitious goals through innovation, iteration, and hands-on execution.</li>
<li>Technical Acumen: Familiarity with marketing automation, analytics tools, and digital platforms; able to translate business needs into technical requirements.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; color: #000000;"><strong>Our Commitment To Inclusion &amp; Belonging:</strong></span></p>
<p><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; color: #000000;">Airbnb is committed to working with the broadest talent pool possible. We believe diverse ideas foster innovation and engagement, and allow us to attract creatively-led people, and to develop the best products, services and solutions. All qualified individuals are encouraged to apply.</span></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>