<div class="content-intro"><h4><strong>Join Axon and be a Force for Good.</strong></h4>
<p>At Axon, we’re on a mission to Protect Life. We’re explorers, pursuing society’s most critical safety and justice issues with our ecosystem of devices and cloud software. Like our products, we work better together. We connect with candor and care, seeking out diverse perspectives from our customers, communities and each other.<br><br>Life at Axon is fast-paced, challenging and meaningful. Here, you’ll take ownership and drive real change. Constantly grow as you work hard for a mission that matters at a company where you matter.</p></div><p><strong>Your Impact</strong><br>We are looking for an experienced Senior Analyst to join our International Indirect Tax team. Reporting directly to the Senior Manager, you will be joining a close-knit team of three, taking ownership of a broad range of compliance responsibilities across non-US global jurisdictions.</p>
<p><strong><span data-contrast="auto">Work Location:</span></strong><span data-contrast="auto"> This role is eligible to be based out of three of Axon's European hubs located in the <strong>Netherlands, Germany or the UK</strong> and follows a hybrid schedule. We rely on in-person collaboration and ask that team members work onsite Tuesdays through Fridays, with the flexibility to work remotely on Mondays, unless there is an approved workplace accommodation. We believe that connection fuels innovation, and our in-office culture is designed to foster meaningful teamwork, mentorship, and shared success.</span><span data-ccp-props="{&quot;134233117&quot;:false,&quot;134233118&quot;:false,&quot;335559738&quot;:0,&quot;335559739&quot;:160}">&nbsp;</span><br><br><strong>What You'll Do</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Prepare, validate, and file VAT returns across multiple jurisdictions</li>
<li>Prepare and file Intrastat, OSS, and ESL reports</li>
<li>Prepare monthly balance sheet reconciliations and support quarterly submissions</li>
<li>Prepare and post journal entries</li>
<li>Prepare and post cash entries and payment requests</li>
<li>Develop macros and automation workflows to support and standardise indirect tax processes</li>
<li>Support ERP system testing and deployments</li>
<li>Maintain the global indirect tax calendar and task matrix for all compliance duties and deadlines</li>
<li>Identify and set up indirect tax registrations in relevant global jurisdictions</li>
<li>Respond to questions and issues from business units and functional groups</li>
<li>Assist with governmental VAT and GST audits as they arise</li>
<li>Determine the tax classification of new product SKUs and maintain accurate tax codes within our ERP system</li>
</ul>
<h4>Basic Qualifications</h4>
<ul>
<li>Minimum of 3 years of experience in indirect tax, preferably within an international business environment, with a strong background in tax accounting</li>
<li>A professional tax or accounting qualification (such as ATT, CTA, ACA, or ACCA) is preferred but not required</li>
<li>A degree in a related discipline is preferred but not required</li>
</ul>
<h4>Preferred Qualifications</h4>
<ul>
<li>Experience with Microsoft Dynamics 365 (D365) or a similar ERP system</li>
<li>Experience with Alteryx, Sigma, Power Apps, or similar automation and data analysis tools</li>
<li>Self-starter with an entrepreneurial spirit and the ability to work independently</li>
<li>Superb attention to detail, with strong planning and organisational skills</li>
<li>Ability to multi-task, prioritise, and deliver to a high standard in a fast-paced, dynamic environment</li>
<li>Strong communication skills with the ability to engage and build relationships across business units and functional groups</li>
</ul>
<h4>Compensation and Benefits</h4>
<ul>
<li>Competitive salary</li>
<li>Discretionary paid time off</li>
<li>A supportive parental leave policy</li>
<li>An award-winning office/working environment</li>
<li>Be a part of a company that is making a difference in the world</li>
<li>And more...</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><p>Don’t meet every single requirement? That's ok. At Axon, we Aim Far. We think big with a long-term view because we want to reinvent the world to be a safer, better place. We are also committed to building diverse teams that reflect the communities we serve.</p>
<p>Studies have shown that women and people of color are less likely to apply to jobs unless they check every box in the job description. If you’re excited about this role and our mission to Protect Life but your experience doesn’t align perfectly with every qualification listed here, we encourage you to apply anyways. You may be just the right candidate for this or other roles.</p>
<p><strong>Important Notes</strong></p>
<p><em>The above job description is not intended as, nor should it be construed as, exhaustive of all duties, responsibilities, skills, efforts, or working conditions associated with this job. The job description may change or be supplemented at any time in accordance with business needs and conditions.</em></p>
<p><em>Some roles may also require legal eligibility to work in a firearms environment.</em></p>
<p><em>We collect personal information from applicants to evaluate candidates for employment. You may request access, deletion, or exercise other CCPA rights at&nbsp;<strong data-stringify-type="bold"><a class="c-link c-link--underline" href="mailto:axongreenhousesupport@axon.com" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="mailto:axongreenhousesupport@axon.com" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">axongreenhousesupport@axon.com</a></strong>&nbsp;or via our&nbsp;<a class="c-link c-link--underline" href="https://privacyportal.onetrust.com/webform/0efc1702-9321-4119-bc9d-a06c3a1d3e4e/ca57cc26-a159-4193-9f6e-58ffe3fd2509" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://privacyportal.onetrust.com/webform/0efc1702-9321-4119-bc9d-a06c3a1d3e4e/ca57cc26-a159-4193-9f6e-58ffe3fd2509" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">Axon Privacy Web Form</a>. For more information, please see the Your California Privacy Rights section of our&nbsp;<a class="c-link c-link--underline" href="https://www.axon.com/candidateprivacypolicy" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://www.axon.com/candidateprivacypolicy" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">Applicant and Candidate Privacy Notice.</a></em></p>
<p><em>Axon’s mission is to Protect Life and is committed to the well-being and safety of its employees as well as Axon’s impact on the environment. All Axon employees must be aware of and committed to the appropriate environmental, health, and safety regulations, policies, and procedures. Axon employees are empowered to report safety concerns as they arise and activities potentially impacting the environment.</em></p>
<p><em>We are an equal opportunity employer that promotes justice, advances equity, values diversity and fosters inclusion. We’re committed to hiring the best talent — regardless of race, creed, color, ancestry, religion, sex (including pregnancy), national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship status, marital status, disability, gender identity, genetic information, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances — and empowering all of our employees so they can do their best work. If you have a disability or special need that requires assistance or accommodation during the application or the recruiting process, please email <a href="mailto:recruitingops@axon.com">recruitingops@axon.com. </a>&nbsp;Please note that this email address is for accommodation purposes only. Axon will not respond to inquiries for other purposes.</em></p>
<p>Phishing alert:&nbsp; Axon will never ask you to pay for any part of the hiring process, including training, equipment, or background checks. We do not make job offers via text message, WhatsApp, or instant messaging platforms without a formal interview process.&nbsp; All legitimate job openings are listed on our official careers page at <a href="https://www.axon.com/careers">https://www.axon.com/careers</a>. &nbsp;If you receive a suspicious offer or outreach from an email address that is not <strong>@axon.com</strong>, or if you are asked for sensitive personal information (bank details, Social Security Number) prematurely, please ignore the message and report it to <a href="mailto:recruitingops@axon.com">recruitingops@axon.com</a>.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p></div>