<h2><strong>Who we are</strong></h2>
<div>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">Helsing is a defence AI company. Our mission is to protect our democracies. We aim to achieve technological leadership, so that open societies can continue to make sovereign decisions and control their ethical standards.</span><span data-ccp-props="{">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">As democracies, we believe we have a special responsibility to be thoughtful about the development and deployment of powerful technologies like AI. We take this responsibility seriously.</span><span data-ccp-props="{">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span data-contrast="none">We are an ambitious and committed team of engineers, AI specialists and customer-facing programme managers.<span data-contrast="auto">&nbsp;We are looking for mission-driven people to join our European teams – and apply their skills to solve the most complex and impactful problems. We embrace an open and transparent culture that welcomes healthy debates on the use of technology in defence, its benefits, and its ethical implications.</span><span data-ccp-props="{">&nbsp;</span></span></p>
</div>
<h2><strong>The role</strong></h2>
<div>
<p>We are seeking a highly motivated and proactive Senior Procurement Manager to join our expanding team. This role is ideal who is hands-on, move quickly, and thrives in an environment where solutions aren't always immediately obvious. While a background in defense or public procurement is beneficial, we prioritise candidates who demonstrate strong problem-solving skills, a proactive approach to their work, and the ability to navigate and manage tasks effectively even with incomplete information. You will play a key support role in ensuring the efficient and compliant acquisition of goods, services, and technologies critical to our defense projects.</p>
<h2><strong>The day-to-day</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li><strong>Strategic Procurement &amp; Sourcing:<br></strong>
<ul>
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="3922" data-local-id="37f916c573fd">Support the end-to-end procurement process, from requisition to order placement and delivery tracking</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="4028" data-local-id="3d0cf5c91ae4">Prepare and process purchase orders, contracts, and related documentation with high accuracy and attention to detail</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="4149" data-local-id="2a9ca699f747">Assist in identifying and evaluating potential suppliers, preparing Requests for Quotation (RFQs) and Requests for Proposal (RFPs)</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="4284" data-local-id="b9ab9fc8c173">Maintain accurate procurement records, databases, and supplier information</p>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li><strong><strong data-renderer-mark="true">Proactive Problem Solving &amp; Ambiguity Management:</strong><br></strong>
<ul>
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="4418" data-local-id="c18973ff6b72">Take initiative to identify potential issues in the procurement process and propose solutions proactively</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="4528" data-local-id="f423af6d263e">Comfortably navigate situations with incomplete information, seeking out necessary details and making informed suggestions</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="4655" data-local-id="ba5bae36a2cd">Adapt quickly to changing priorities and unexpected challenges, demonstrating flexibility and resourcefulness</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="4769" data-local-id="ca5dc84169bb">Independently research and gather information to address procurement inquiries or resolve discrepancies</p>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="4879" data-local-id="facfb4c3b4c7"><strong data-renderer-mark="true">Supplier &amp; Stakeholder Coordination:</strong></p>
<ul class="ak-ul" data-local-id="b920ac30-046e-45bf-89cb-d83535953952" data-indent-level="2">
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="4919" data-local-id="e36e6c856dcb">Communicate professionally and effectively with suppliers regarding orders, deliveries, and routine inquiries</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="5033" data-local-id="7237497f156e">Coordinate with internal departments (e.g., project management, finance, logistics) to ensure timely delivery and proper documentation</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="5172" data-local-id="219ec397abc2">Support supplier relationship management activities, including performance monitoring and issue resolution</p>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li data-renderer-start-pos="5172" data-local-id="219ec397abc2"><strong data-renderer-mark="true">Compliance &amp; Data Management:</strong>
<ul class="ak-ul" data-local-id="dabd16ce-eed2-4608-a018-b1046b0ec470" data-indent-level="2">
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="5318" data-local-id="769e704e641f">Ensure all procurement activities adhere to company policies, purchasing procedures, and relevant regulations</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="5432" data-local-id="4e313966d2b8">Utilise procurement software (e.g., SAP) for data entry, reporting, and process execution</p>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li><strong>Stakeholder Collaboration:<br></strong>
<ul>
<li>
<p>Collaborate closely with internal stakeholders (e.g., engineering, legal, finance) to understand requirements and align procurement strategies</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Act as a primary point of contact for complex procurement-related inquiries and provide strategic advice to senior management</p>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<h2 id="You’ll-do-great-if-you….3" data-renderer-start-pos="15247"><strong>You should apply if you</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>
<p>Have Bachelor’s degree or relevant training/Ausbildung</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Have knowledge of working with ERP systems (Preferably SAP (S4 HANA))</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Have strong experience in a procurement, supply chain, or administrative role</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Have demonstrated ability to be proactive, take initiative, and work independently</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Have capacity to handle ambiguous situations, solve problems creatively, and adapt to new information quickly</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Have strong organisational skills and meticulous attention to detail</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Have excellent communication skills, both written and verbal</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Have proficiency in Microsoft Office Suite (Word, Excel, PowerPoint)</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Fluency in German and English (B2/C1 level) is mandatory, both written and verbal</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Can work from our Munich office or are willing to relocate</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
</div>
<p><em data-renderer-mark="true"><em data-stringify-type="italic">Note: We operate in an industry where women, as well as other minority groups, are systematically</em>&nbsp;<em data-stringify-type="italic">under-represented. We encourage you to apply even if you don’t meet all the listed qualifications; ability and impact cannot be summarised in a few bullet points.</em></em></p>
<h2><strong><span data-contrast="auto">Join Helsing and work with world-leading experts in their fields</span><span data-ccp-props="{">&nbsp;</span></strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">Helsing’s work is important. You’ll be directly contributing to the protection of democratic countries while balancing both ethical and geopolitical concerns</span></p>
</li>
<li>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">The work is unique. We operate in a domain that has highly unusual technical requirements and constraints, and where robustness, safety, and ethical considerations are vital. You will face unique Engineering and AI challenges that make a meaningful impact in the world</span></p>
</li>
<li>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">Our work frequently takes us right up to the state of the art in technical innovation, be it reinforcement learning, distributed systems, generative AI, or deployment infrastructure. The defence industry is entering the most exciting phase of the technological development curve. Advances in our field of world are not incremental: Helsing is part of, and often leading, historic leaps forward</span></p>
</li>
<li>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">In our domain, success is a matter of order-of-magnitude improvements and novel capabilities. This means we take bets, aim high, and focus on big opportunities. Despite being a relatively young company, Helsing has already been selected for multiple significant government contracts</span></p>
</li>
<li>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">We actively encourage healthy, proactive, and diverse debate internally about what we do and how we choose to do it. Teams and individual engineers are trusted (and encouraged) to practise responsible autonomy and critical thinking, and to focus on outcomes, not conformity. At Helsing you will have a say in how we (and you!) work, the opportunity to engage on what does and doesn’t work, and to take ownership of aspects of our culture that you care deeply about</span></p>
</li>
</ul>
<h2 id="What-we-offer" data-renderer-start-pos="3238"><strong><span id="6afa48f9-b797-428b-aa69-0bc8163b3593" data-renderer-mark="true" data-mark-type="annotation" data-mark-annotation-type="inlineComment" data-id="6afa48f9-b797-428b-aa69-0bc8163b3593">What we offer</span></strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">A focus on outcomes, not time-tracking</span></p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Competitive compensation and stock options</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Relocation support</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Social and education allowances</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Regular company events and all-hands to bring together employees as one team across Europe</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><em data-stringify-type="italic">Helsing is an equal opportunities employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, religion, sexual orientation, age, marital status, disability or gender identity. Please do not submit personal data revealing racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, trade union membership, data concerning your health, or data concerning your sexual orientation.</em></p><div class="content-conclusion"><div>&nbsp;</div>
<div>Helsing's Candidate Privacy and Confidentiality Regime can be found <a href="https://helsing.ai/candidate-privacy-and-confidentiality-regime/" target="\_blank">here</a>.&nbsp;</div>
<div>&nbsp;</div>
<div>&nbsp;</div></div>