The primary function of the Didactic Instructor can be broken into 3 categories – preparation for class, classroom management, and educational administrative tasks. Within these categories it needs to be highlighted that the instructor’s job is to ensure students are properly prepared to take each test or examination, prepare in advance, each day’s instructional plan and any necessary supporting classroom materials. Course delivery may be residential or distance education, thus the Didactic Instructor must be familiar with both delivery methods.

Student management also includes involvement to ensure satisfactory academic progress is being maintained (as well as the assignment of appropriate tutoring support) and that student marks, attendance, remediation documentation, and other reprimands are all kept up to date. Instructor evaluation, educational in-service plans, evaluations (student and managerial), goal setting, and reprimands are also kept up to date. It is important that the Didactic Instructor has an understanding of how to keep students motivated while ensuring the expected standards of the profession, through appropriate counseling.

We are hiring for Patient Care Skills OR Applied Neurology instructors

Essential Duties and Responsibilities

Teach assigned classes and develop coursework needed for teaching our Physical Therapist Assistant program. Mentoring provided as needed.

Duties may be as primary instructor and/or as lab instructor dependent on area of expertise and program needs.

Adhere to applicable accreditation commission standards or agencies regulations, the school policies and procedures, and the department’s curricula.

Monitor student progress and advise students throughout the program.

Assist with on-going review and development of curricula in the program.

Participate in developing and updating program’s syllabuses, missions, rules, training methods and evaluation materials.

Participate in school activities such as orientation, staff meetings, faculty meetings, advisory board meetings, student functions, in-services as scheduled.

Participate in admission protocol, test proctoring, and admissions committee interviews as available.

Assist in collecting data about the programs from the students, faculty and supporting staff.

Review and revise program criteria to ensure successful development and growth of the program.

#NL