<div class="p-rich\_text\_section">
<div class="renderer-heading-wrapper css-4zleql" data-testid="renderer-heading-wrapper" data-level="3">&nbsp;</div>
<h3 data-renderer-start-pos="3875" data-local-id="aab4fe1ca084">About Veriff</h3>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="3875" data-local-id="aab4fe1ca084">Veriff is an Identity Verification Platform for businesses. Thousands of companies, from the world’s largest enterprises to growing startups, use Veriff to answer the question “can this person can be trusted?”. Our mission is to secure business by assuring users and stopping bad actors. There is a lot of opportunity on this ever-changing anti-fraud landscape, and to grow even further.</p>
</div>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section">
<h3 data-renderer-start-pos="1848">About the role</h3>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="1858" data-local-id="d5d9398b5604">As a part of the Trust Signals team, you will own the end-to-end strategy, roadmap, and execution for our Database Verifications product. The real-time, non-document identity verification engine that powers compliant onboarding and ongoing monitoring for millions of users and businesses worldwide.</p>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="2158" data-local-id="9c54eafeeea6">This is a product at the intersection of compliance, infrastructure, and product excellence. You will shape how the world’s most ambitious marketplaces, fintechs, banks, and crypto platforms verify identity at scale globally</p>
<h3 data-renderer-start-pos="2158" data-local-id="9c54eafeeea6">You will do:</h3>
<ul>
<li data-renderer-start-pos="2400" data-local-id="577cf9f1eaa3">Own the full product lifecycle: define vision and multi-year roadmap, prioritize features, ship, measure, and iterate for the database verifications platform.</li>
<li data-renderer-start-pos="2562" data-local-id="d97d0cd2812c">Lead vendor strategy and orchestration: evaluate, integrate, and optimize routing across 10+ premium data providers to maximize success rates, minimize cost, and ensure global coverage.</li>
<li data-renderer-start-pos="2751" data-local-id="2a841535cf5d">Build and evolve the rules engine, decision logic, deliver developer-friendly APIs, webhooks, and observability tooling that enable any product team or customer to embed database verifications seamlessly.</li>
<li data-renderer-start-pos="2959" data-local-id="dd492cbdaa8a">Partner cross-functionally with Engineering, Design, Compliance/Legal, Risk, Data Science, and Go-to-Market to deliver and enable components that work independently or in orchestrated flows.</li>
</ul>
<h3>We are looking for someone who has:</h3>
<ul>
<li data-renderer-start-pos="3190" data-local-id="280b5b2956c3">4+ years of product management experience or equivalent</li>
<li data-renderer-start-pos="3249" data-local-id="fd7766457fc1">Experience working on B2B products, ideally with a track record of building for enterprise customers at scale-up environment</li>
<li data-renderer-start-pos="3377" data-local-id="2214b6e1b0a9">Technically adept systems thinker, comfortable diving into APIs, data pipelines, decision engines, and vendor integrations; you translate complex backend trade-offs into clear product requirements</li>
<li data-renderer-start-pos="3577" data-local-id="70b55cff4795">Great interpersonal skills and strong verbal and written communication. You can make complex concepts accessible and drive alignment across Engineering, Legal and GTM.</li>
</ul>
</div>
<h3 class="p-rich\_text\_section"><strong data-stringify-type="bold">Why Veriff?</strong></h3>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section">
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section">We are the preferred identity verification platform partner for the world’s most innovative growth-driven organizations helping conveniently verify and safeguard users anywhere in the world. We support the broadest number of identity documents from nearly every country and territory in the world - and this is continually increasing! With a diverse team in the United States, United Kingdom, Spain, and Estonia, as well as robust backing and funding from investors including Accel, Alkeon, IVP, Tiger Capital, and Y Combinator, we’re dedicated to helping businesses and individuals build a safer and more secure world. We strive to be the benchmark for trust online, and we take pride in being a positive force.When you join Team Veriff, we offer you the opportunity to have a real impact and advance your career whilst looking after you along the way with a range of benefits designed with you in mind. Some of our favourites include...</div>
<ul class="p-rich\_text\_list p-rich\_text\_list\_\_bullet" data-stringify-type="unordered-list" data-indent="0" data-border="0">
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">Flexibility to work from home</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">Stock options that ensure your share in our success</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">Extra recharge days on top of your annual vacation</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">Comprehensive relocation support to Estonia or Spain</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">Extensive medical, dental, and vision insurance to ensure you’re feeling great physically and mentally</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">Learning and Development &amp; Health and Sports budget that you are free to tailor to your own needs</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">Four weeks of fully paid sabbatical leave after reaching your 5th work anniversary</li>
</ul>
</div>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section"><em>We are an Equal Opportunities employer committed to a diverse and representative team. Different opinions, perspectives, and personalities push us forward. We want to hear from people who are passionate about their work and align with our values. Regardless of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, or disability. We also know the confidence gap and imposter syndrome can get in the way of meeting spectacular candidates - so rest assured, whoever you are, we want to hear from you!</em></div>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section">&nbsp;</div>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section">Please be informed that in the final stage of the recruitment process we may request you to go through identity verification. For more information, please see&nbsp;<a class="c-link" href="https://www.veriff.com/recruitment-privacy-policy" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://www.veriff.com/recruitment-privacy-policy" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">Recruitment Privacy Policy</a>. <span style="color: rgb(255, 255, 255);">#SPB1SPNTAL #LI-Remote</span></div>