<h2><strong>Who we are</strong></h2>
<h3><strong>About Stripe</strong></h3>
<p>Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies—from the world’s largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyone’s reach while doing the most important work of your career.</p>
<h3><strong>About the team</strong></h3>
<p>The Product Design team is made up of several groups that define, create, and deliver all user-facing aspects of Stripe’s products. Product Designers work directly with Engineers, Product Managers, Data Scientists, and Marketers, as strategic partners, in each product area.&nbsp; In close collaboration with product teams, they shape user experiences, then translate them into high-quality designs that can be tested, shipped, and refined. Designers are responsible for building elegant, functional products that users love—and want to tell others about.</p>
<p>The Global design team crafts product experiences that make cross-border selling as simple, performant, and scalable as domestic sales. Experiences empower businesses to easily expand into new markets worldwide without the friction of complex global operations, ranging from localized checkout experiences and comprehensive payment method coverage to handling global tax compliance and cross-border money management. Because of its global reach, this team’s efforts drive significant impact for our users and business and navigate the unique challenges of designing for regions with dozens of currencies, languages, and regulatory frameworks.</p>
<h2><strong>What you’ll do</strong></h2>
<p>As a product designer, you’ll work closely with product managers and engineering teams to envision features in the Stripe Dashboard and checkout surfaces and partner with go-to-market teams to bring them to users. That includes new feature development, localization for priority geographies across Europe, the Middle East, and Africa, and setting vision for our products to meet new user expectations in an increasingly globally connected and AI driven world.</p>
<h3><strong>Responsibilities</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Understand user workflows and pain points, and produce, test and iterate on high quality designs to solve user needs</li>
<li>Partner closely with product, engineering, marketing, and strategy partners to define a north star and product experience for new features</li>
<li>Prototype user experiences for user research testing and internal communication</li>
<li>Collaborate with teams across Stripe to craft a seamless dashboard user experience</li>
<li>Conduct UXR to test design decisions before shipping</li>
<li>Collaborate with our design systems teams to leverage and improve templates and components</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Who you are</strong></h2>
<p>We’re looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.</p>
<h3><strong>Minimum requirements</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Has 6+ years relevant design experience at a product-driven tech company</li>
<li>Has strong craft demonstrated through a portfolio of work</li>
<li>Demonstrated skills in prototyping at a high fidelity using the latest AI tools</li>
<li>Has experience collaborating closely with engineering teams</li>
<li>Excellent written and verbal communication skills through design deliverables, videos, and written artifacts</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>Preferred qualifications</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Experience working in a growth team driving user activation</li>
<li>Are excited about building collaborative relationships with many partners</li>
<li>Has a passion for turning complexity into usable, beautiful experiences</li>
<li>Are a strong design leader comfortable with bringing your point of view to a team</li>
</ul>