<p>
  <strong>Headquarters:</strong> Brno, Czechia
</p>

<div class="content"><div class="section-wrapper page-full-width"><div class="section page-centered"><div><span>We are Ataccama, and we are on a mission to power a better future with data. Our product enables both technical and less technical ‘data people’ across their organizations to create high-quality, governed, safe, and reusable data products. It’s what made us a Leader in the Gartner Magic Quadrant® for Data Quality Solutions™, and what inspired Bain Capital Tech Opportunities to invest in our future growth.</span></div><div><br></div><div><span>Our vision is to be the leading AI-powered cloud data management company and to do that, we’re making Ataccama a great place to work and grow. Our people are located across the globe. They succeed by collaborating as a team and thrive in our company culture defined by these core values:</span></div><div><br></div><div><span>Challenging Fun</span></div><div><span>ONE Team</span></div><div><span>Customer Centric</span></div><div><span>Candid and Caring</span></div><div><span>Aim High</span></div></div><div class="section page-centered"><div><h3>Your Challenge:</h3><ul class="posting-requirements plain-list"><ul><li>Build and maintain a truly complex self-service application for business users so they can work with data even without learning SQL or needing assistance from more technically-skilled colleagues.&nbsp;</li><li>Work on a well-established complex product with a big customer base.</li><li>Contribute to and own parts of advanced data management and processing services.</li><li>Improve and optimize existing solutions rather than designing it from scratch.</li><li>Make a product that contains all the features enterprise solutions must-have, while making it super-easy to use.</li><li>Take end-to-end ownership of the entire product, rather than just focusing on coding.</li></ul></ul></div></div><div class="section page-centered"><div><h3>What You Will Do:</h3><ul class="posting-requirements plain-list"><ul><li>Understand data management and write solutions suitable for DM domains. This means designing scalable systems, ready to perform under huge amounts of data.</li><li>Contribute to customer satisfaction. In Ataccama, everyone is close to the customer and their problems, and can propose and drive changes to our product. You’ll need to work with microservices, messaging systems, and API designs covering different parts of the system.</li><li>Solve complex problems in data management, with an emphasis on performance.</li><li>Write clean, well-designed, documented, and testable code. We expect software engineers to understand and promote industry standards and best practices.</li><li>Take responsibility for your work, from code to production. We promote ownership of our work and expect you to deliver software that’s ready to deploy and run in cloud environments.</li><li>Take part in discussions and decisions impacting how our product is developed.</li><li>Be a team player who collaborates both within and outside the team.</li></ul></ul></div></div><div class="section page-centered"><div><h3>Is This You?</h3><ul class="posting-requirements plain-list"><ul><li>You like solving problems and have a maker mindset</li><li>You see challenges as opportunities. You’re ready to jump in and find what works.</li><li>You’re not afraid of complex applications, and you don’t mind doing some research when engines require complex algorithms and data structures to work efficiently.</li><li>You enjoy constantly solving new challenges and being in contact with customers’ problems.</li><li>You are not afraid to take ownership of a whole competency. </li></ul></ul></div></div><div class="section page-centered"><div><h3>Bonus Knowledge:</h3><ul class="posting-requirements plain-list"><ul><li>You have experience (or interest) in any of the following areas: Problem Solving, Complex Algorithms, Software Architecture, Databases, Cloud Operations, and/or Application Security/Identity Management.</li></ul></ul></div></div><div class="section page-centered"><div><h3>Our Tech Stack:</h3><ul class="posting-requirements plain-list"><ul><li><b>Backend:</b> Java, Spring Boot, Kotlin, GraphQL, Python, jOOQ</li><li><b>Big data:</b> Spark, Redshift, Snowflake</li><li><b>Frontend:</b> TypeScript, React/Vue, Apollo, Nx, MobX, Styled Components</li><li><b>Storage:</b> Postgres, Elastic, Minio</li><li><b>Infrastructure: </b>GitLab CI/CD, Kubernetes, AWS, Azure</li></ul></ul></div></div><div class="section page-centered"><div><h3>Your Team:</h3><ul class="posting-requirements plain-list"><ul><li>If you want to learn more about our Product &amp; Engineering structure, how it works, and why our teams are called Spaceports, you can take a look at our <a class="postings-link" href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/martin-zahumensky-1085582/">Chief Product &amp; Technology Officer Martin Zahumensky’s</a> articles where he describes <a class="postings-link" href="https://medium.com/ataccama-spaceup">this and more in full detail</a>.</li></ul></ul></div></div><div class="section page-centered"><div><h3>Work equipment</h3><ul class="posting-requirements plain-list"><ul><li>Company laptop</li><li>Company mobile phone + SIM card &amp; package of mobile data</li></ul></ul></div></div><div class="section page-centered"><div><h3>Perks &amp; Benefits</h3><ul class="posting-requirements plain-list"><ul><li>Long-Term Incentive Program</li><li>"Bring Your Friend" referral program</li><li>Flexible working hours &amp; flexible working setup</li><li>The Global Family Support Program - A paid leave program to help all parents focus on the new addition to their family</li><li>2 sick days and 25 days of vacation,&nbsp; with the option to request additional Flexible Time-Off days when needed</li><li>Flexipass or Multisport card (after finishing your probation period)</li><li>Annual package for mental health support</li><li>Shared company cards for free entrance to Prague Zoo &amp; Botanical Garden</li><li>Company bikes, longboards, e-scooters</li><li>Online company language courses</li><li>Conference tickets to the best industry events of the year</li><li>Online courses &amp; company access to Udemy to hone your skills</li><li>Company library, where you can even suggest the best educational books for us to order</li><li>Kitchens stocked with fresh fruit and juice, teas, and the best coffee</li><div><br></div><li><i>While we highly value cooperation with all our business partners, we don’t accept unsolicited resumes from any sources other than directly from a candidate. We reserve the right not to pay any fee for sending an unsolicited offer containing the details or resume of a job candidate, even if the relevant candidate is employed by our company.&nbsp;</i></li></ul></ul></div></div></div></div>

<p><strong>To apply:</strong> <a href="https://weworkremotely.com/remote-jobs/ataccama-senior-back-end-engineer-java-product-foundation">https://weworkremotely.com/remote-jobs/ataccama-senior-back-end-engineer-java-product-foundation</a></p>