<p>
  <strong>Headquarters:</strong> London
</p>

<div class="content"><div class="section-wrapper page-full-width"><div class="section page-centered"><div><b><span>About MoonPay</span></b><span> </span></div><div><br></div><div><span>Hi, we’re MoonPay. We’re here to onboard the world to Web3.</span></div><div><br></div><div><b><span>Why?</span></b><span> Because we think Web3 is a unique and democratising technology. It gives people back control of their money, digital identity, data, and property like nothing else before it.</span></div><div><br></div><div><b><span>What we do</span></b></div><div><span>We’re the leading infrastructure company in Web3. This means we offer our partners everything from payment solutions (we call them 'Ramps') to minting software for digital collectibles, like NFTs. And over <b>3</b></span><b><span>0 million</span></b><span> people around the world now trust our products — just take a look on Trustpilot.</span></div><div><br></div><div><span>We’re also big on collaborations. And we've worked on stunts, drops, and partnerships with some of the world's most prestigious and forward-thinking brands.</span></div><div><br></div><div><span>But that’s not all. We have also built our own consumer app because we wanted to see if we could build a better Web3 account. It’s taken off in a big way, and we're working hard to continually improve it and to strive for perfection.</span></div><div><br></div><div><span>So whatever your background, we’re sure there’s something for you here.<i> Come help us build the future of Web3 and digital ownership.</i></span></div><div><br></div><div><b> About the Opportunity </b></div><div><span>MoonPay serves hundreds of the top Web3 Apps, Wallets, DEXs and Marketplaces, and we’re seeking an exceptional Product Manager to solve problems for our partners, and our partners' customers. At its core MoonPay is a Ramps company and has successfully launched and scaled the best On Ramp &amp; Off Ramp products on the market. In this role, you’ll help us define what's next, and lead a cross functional team to develop innovative new features to add to our core Ramps products today, or even dream up brand new products and services to diversify our revenue lines. </span></div><div><span>You’ll sit within our “B2B2C Business” working with other fast moving Product Managers and reporting directly to the Senior Director of Product for the Group. You’ll own the roadmap and OKRs for your team, and will have a direct line of communication with the biggest Apps in the space to allow you to run your own discovery.</span></div><div><br></div><div> <b>What you'll be working on </b></div><div><span>You’ll drive the vision and execution of MoonPay’s stablecoin initiatives, bringing innovative products to life that are secure, scalable, and globally accessible. Working cross-functionally with engineering, compliance, and design, you’ll ensure every launch meets the highest standards of usability and regulatory integrity. From core infrastructure to customer experience, you’ll shape how the world interacts with stable digital value.</span></div><div><br></div><div><b>‍ About You</b></div><div><b><span>* </span></b><span>You have 3+ years of Product Management Experience with a focus on fintech, cryptocurrency or blockchai</span></div><div>* <span>You have a proven track record of leading successful product initiatives from discovery to execution. You’ve failed and you’ve succeeded </span></div><div>* <span>You have a strong understanding of the Web3 ecosystem, the top players, products and emerging trends and technologies </span></div><div>* <span>You're confident talking to influential CEOs, CTOs and CPOs in the space, helping understand their problems, and explain how Moonpay adds value</span></div><div>* <span>You have experience moving fast, and working in a high growth start up or scale up product team</span></div><div>* <span>You hustle, move fast and find ways to deliver things in days not weeks</span></div><div>* <span>You’re technical, highly data centric and focused on outcomes.</span></div></div><div class="section page-centered"><div><span><b>Most importantly</b>, though, you will embody the core principles that everyone here at the MoonPay lives by. Our <b><i>“BLOCK Values”</i></b> are at the heart of everything we do - and they are…</span></div><div><br></div><div><span><b>B </b>- Be Hungry</span></div><div><span><b>L -</b> Level Up</span></div><div><span><b>O -</b> Own It</span></div><div><span><b>C -</b> Crypto Curious</span></div><div><span><b>K -</b> Kaizen</span></div><div><br></div><div><b><span>MoonPay Perks</span></b></div><div><span>Equity package </span></div><div><span>Unlimited holidays </span></div><div><span>Paid parental leave  </span></div><div><span>Annual training budget </span></div><div><span>Home office setup allowance </span></div><div><span>Monthly budget to spend on our products </span></div><div><span>Working in a disruptive and fast-growing industry where the possibilities are endless </span></div><div><span>Freedom, autonomy and responsibility </span></div><div><br></div><div><i><span><b>Research has shown that women are less likely than men to apply for this role if they do not have experience in 100% of these areas. Please know that this list is indicative, and that we would still love to hear from you even if you feel that you are only a 75% match. Skills can be learnt, diversity cannot.</b></span></i></div><div><br></div><div><b><span>Please let us know if you require any accommodations for the interview process, and we’ll do our best to provide assistance.</span><span>&nbsp;</span></b></div><div><br></div><div><b><span>Commitment To Diversity</span></b></div><div><span>At MoonPay we believe that every voice matters. We strive to create a mindful and respectful environment where everyone can bring their authentic self to work, and experience a culture that is free of harassment, racism, and discrimination. That’s why we are committed to diversity and inclusion in the workplace and are a proud equal opportunity employer. We prohibit discrimination and harassment of any kind based on race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, protected veteran status or any other characteristic protected by law. This policy applies to all employment practices within our organization, including, but not limited to, hiring, recruiting, promotion, termination, layoff, and leave of </span><a href="http://absence.MoonPay"><span>absence.</span></a></div><div><a href="http://absence.MoonPay"><span>MoonPay</span></a><span> is also committed to providing reasonable accommodations in our job application procedures for qualified individuals with disabilities. Please inform our Talent Team if you need any assistance completing any forms or to otherwise participate in the application process.</span></div><div><br></div><div><i>Please be aware that MoonPay does not request an AI-led interview without seeing a recruiter or team member from MoonPay on video call. We won't ask for your personal identification documents or any money from you during your interview process with us. Be fraud smart! If you receive an email - claiming to be from MoonPay - but from an email address ending in anything other than @moonpay.com, please be aware that this is not us. </i></div><div><br></div></div></div></div>

<p><strong>To apply:</strong> <a href="https://weworkremotely.com/remote-jobs/moonpay-product-manager-partner">https://weworkremotely.com/remote-jobs/moonpay-product-manager-partner</a></p>