<p><strong>About us @Symphony</strong></p>
<p>We’ve spent the last 10 years building a communication and markets technology company, powered by interconnected platforms: messaging, voice, directory and analytics.&nbsp; Over 1000 institutions use our modular technology built for global finance. Security is in our DNA with uncompromising data protection, end-to-end encryption and resilient architecture, all created on a foundation of trust with our customers.</p>
<p><strong>But that was only chapter one.</strong> We’re now building on our purpose-built network, expanding AI-powered, real-time collaboration, redefining flexibility with fully cloud-native software with our trader voice product, and rethinking the industry’s approach to identity verification, connection and intelligence.</p>
<p><strong>The opportunity and our ambition are huge</strong>. But we need passionate, dedicated individuals to get there. At Symphony we work hard and fast. Our unique blend of technology and financial services makes it an environment you won't get elsewhere.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong><u>Role Description:</u></strong></p>
<p>Symphony is looking for a self-motivated and results-driven Professional Services Senior Specialist who will be responsible for planning and leading successful implementations of our award winning, voice trading applications. The Professional Services Senior Specialist is tasked with managing on-site deployments and will oversee all communications and project plans as well as design and manage all training programs in support of these efforts. The individual must be able to clearly articulate customer needs internally and represent the company’s offerings externally. This role requires frequent interaction with a range of internal resources including sales, sales engineering, product managers in order to ensure that projects are delivered on-time, and meet or exceed all customer expectations.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong><u>Responsibilities:</u></strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Manage Symphony deployments; develop detailed project plans with milestones in order to ensure successful completion of an implementation within constraints such as time, cost and agreed quality standards.</li>
<li>Develop meaningful trust relationships with our customers and represent their needs appropriately.</li>
<li>Work with clients to understand their voice trading workflow requirements and assist with client data collection and user setup.</li>
<li>Develop training programs for clients, including customized training material and training schedules. Responsible for tracking attendance, performance, and delivering feedback to client stakeholders.</li>
<li>Provide training for all Symphony products to Users, Administrators and Support personnel. Lead small teams of trainers at client locations.</li>
<li>Support clients with onsite UAT and production testing prior to go-live.</li>
<li>Provide on-site support when clients start using Symphony applications. Walk the floor, answer questions, and assist with approved moves, adds and changes. Manage potential escalations proactively to limit their impact to the project and Customer relationship.</li>
<li>Ability to manage multiple customers and projects/tasks simultaneously.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong><u>Required Qualifications:</u></strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Bachelor’s Degree or equivalent education/training/experience</li>
<li>Outstanding presentation and communication skills (verbal &amp; written)</li>
<li>Experience developing, maintaining, and distributing standard project management deliverables for the successful product migration including requirements, migration plan, project schedule, issues &amp; action items log, meeting minutes, risks assessment and contingencies</li>
<li>Ability to build rapport and relationships by interacting effectively with customers, demonstrating the awareness of their needs and responding with the appropriate action.</li>
<li>Ability to work to very aggressive deadlines</li>
<li>Willingness and ability to travel</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><span style="text-decoration: underline;"><strong>Compensation:</strong></span></p>
<ul>
<li>Salary range: SGD 120,000 - 150,000 / year</li>
<li>Bonus Plan</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><span style="text-decoration: underline;"><strong>Benefits and Perks:</strong></span></p>
<ul>
<li>Regional specific competitive benefits</li>
<li>Build your own Benefits (BYOB) perk</li>
<li>Local events, team building, and development opportunities</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. We will ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment.&nbsp;</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>