<p>JetBrains is an international software development company. Since 2000, we’ve built tools that help developers be more productive and creative. With more than 2500 professionals across 10+ global locations, we know that our success depends on the people behind our products.</p>
<p>At JetBrains, we listen to employees, understand their needs, and aim to provide practical support.&nbsp;</p>
<p>We are looking for an Office Manager Lead to run the Munich office and reception team. Together, you’ll help create a welcoming, well-organized workplace.</p>
<p>In this role, you’ll lead Munich office operations and work with engineers, designers, marketing specialists, and other teams. You’ll be responsible for day-to-day operations, with the flexibility to propose and implement improvements that enhance the workplace and overall employee experience.</p>
<h3><strong>What you’ll do&nbsp;</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Lead a team of 7 by assigning tasks, coordinating work, and providing feedback and support.</li>
<li>Own Munich office operations and keep the office running smoothly.</li>
<li>Manage vendors and coordinate cross-functional projects.</li>
<li>Take part in larger office projects (like new office setup, office security, and supplier changes).</li>
<li>Ensure a safe and efficient work environment.</li>
<li>Work with government agencies and other local authorities to ensure compliance with regulations.</li>
<li>Handle rent-related tasks and invoices.</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>What we are looking for&nbsp;</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>7+ years of experience in office management.</li>
<li>Proven experience managing a team.</li>
<li>A hands-on approach to solving problems.</li>
<li>Strong organizational skills and attention to detail.</li>
<li>Professional proficiency in German and English, both written and spoken.</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>Why join us?</strong></h3>
<p>At JetBrains, we do our best work when people feel supported, trusted, and respected.</p>
<p><strong>Performance is rewarded!</strong></p>
<p>We value strong performance and recognize it through feedback and compensation. <br>Here are some of our global perks:</p>
<ul>
<li>A competitive salary that reflects your skills and experience.</li>
<li>A flexible work schedule, with the option to work from home or from the office and set your hours around when you’re most productive.</li>
<li>Learning and development opportunities, including conferences, courses, and language classes to develop your skills and advance your career.</li>
<li>Free meals and snacks to keep you fueled throughout the day.</li>
<li>Modern offices designed for focus, collaboration, and comfort.</li>
<li>Internal events, such as company-wide celebrations, team gatherings, and hackathons where people connect and create.<br><br><span style="color: rgb(236, 240, 241);">#LI-AK1</span></li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>We are an equal opportunity employer</strong><br><br>We know great ideas can come from anyone, anywhere. That’s why we do our best to create an open and inclusive workplace – one that welcomes everyone regardless of their background, identity, religion, age, accessibility needs, or orientation.</p>
<p><em data-stringify-type="italic">We process the data provided in your job application in accordance with the <a href="https://www.jetbrains.com/legal/docs/privacy/privacy-recruitment/">Recruitment Privacy Policy.</a></em></p></div>