<div class="content-intro"><p><strong>Secure Every Identity, from AI to Human<br><br></strong>Identity is the key to unlocking the potential of AI. Okta secures AI by building the trusted, neutral infrastructure that enables organizations to safely embrace this new era. This work requires a relentless drive to solve complex challenges with real-world stakes. We are looking for builders and owners who operate with speed and urgency and execute with excellence.<br><br>This is an opportunity to do career-defining work. We're all in on this mission. If you are too, let's talk.</p></div><p><strong>About the Role</strong></p>
<p>We are seeking a Pre-sales Architect to join our team of identity security experts. In this role, you will leverage your technical expertise and business acumen to drive customer success, helping organisations modernise and secure their identity ecosystems. As a trusted advisor, you will collaborate with enterprise customers, channel partners, and internal teams to deliver innovative identity and access management (IAM) solutions that align with business goals.</p>
<p>This role requires a balance of strategic thinking, technical depth, and exceptional communication skills to translate complex identity challenges into solutions that address customer needs. You’ll play a pivotal role in accelerating sales cycles, enabling technical wins, and shaping the future of identity in your region.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>The Opportunity</strong></p>
<p>Reporting into the EMEA Office of the Field CTO, this role will be challenged daily to show prospects and customers how Okta can help solve their business challenges.&nbsp; We are searching for individuals that have experience deploying identity and access management solutions in large and complex environments.&nbsp; This hands-on experience and exposure to the operational aspect of real customer deployments is what sets you apart and provides credibility to the architectures you design and propose. Your proven experience with other products and legacy solutions will be invaluable when assessing a customer’s existing challenges and planning the roadmap for them to modernise and transition to Okta.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>What you’ll be doing&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Customer Engagement &amp; Solution Design</li>
<ul>
<li>Collaborate with customers to understand their business objectives, technical challenges, and security needs.</li>
<li>Design and present tailored identity and access management (IAM) solutions using Auth0.</li>
<li>Lead workshops, whiteboarding sessions, and technical deep dives with enterprise stakeholders.</li>
</ul>
<li>Technical Expertise &amp; Enablement</li>
<ul>
<li>Deliver live architecture workshops, drive proofs of concept (POCs) as part of a team, and pilot deployments to showcase Auth0’s capabilities.</li>
<li>Stay up-to-date on emerging threats, compliance regulations, and industry trends to guide customers in future-proofing their identity strategies.</li>
</ul>
<li>Business Alignment &amp; Thought Leadership</li>
<ul>
<li>Align identity solutions with customers’ business priorities, focusing on efficiency, security maturity, and ROI.</li>
<li>Address regional compliance requirements (e.g., GDPR, DORA…) and navigate micro/macro-economic factors affecting budgets.</li>
<li>Represent the company as a technical leader at customer meetings, industry events, and webinars.</li>
</ul>
<li>Collaboration &amp; Stakeholder Alignment</li>
<ul>
<li>Partner with account teams (AEs + SEs) to define account strategies and drive customer success.</li>
<li>Act as a conduit between customers and product teams, ensuring feedback informs the product roadmap.</li>
<li>Collaborate with professional services and customer success teams for seamless solution delivery.</li>
<li>Engage with Partners to support co-sell motions, ensure alignment on solution positioning, and provide technical enablement during pre-deal registration and opportunity qualification.</li>
<li>Act as an overlay support resource for complex opportunities, helping SEs craft tailored strategies that address unique customer challenges while accelerating deal velocity.</li>
</ul>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>What you’ll bring to the role</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Technical Skills</li>
<ul>
<li>Proficiency in identity protocols (OIDC, OAuth 2.0, SAML, LDAP)</li>
<li>An understanding of core security concerns within a typical application (password hashing, SSL/TLS, encryption at rest, XSS, XSRF)</li>
<li>Hands-on experience with APIs, SDKs (eg. [Javascript, HTML, frontend frameworks] development, mobile [iOS, Android] development, backend [Java, C#, Node.js, Python, PHP, Ruby]), and developer tooling for identity integrations.</li>
</ul>
<li>Business &amp; Strategic Skills</li>
<ul>
<li>Ability to align technical solutions with business outcomes and articulate ROI to stakeholders.</li>
<li>Familiarity with regional compliance and regulatory frameworks, tailoring solutions to meet specific requirements.</li>
<li>Awareness of threat landscapes and emerging risks, including AI-driven attacks, insider threats, and privilege misuse.</li>
</ul>
<li>Soft Skills</li>
<ul>
<li>Strong presentation skills leveraging multiple mediums like whiteboarding, capable of engaging technical and non-technical audiences.</li>
<li>Exceptional collaboration skills to work across customers, partners, and internal teams.</li>
<li>A problem-solving mindset with the ability to adapt to evolving requirements and priorities.</li>
</ul>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Preferred Experience</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>8+ years in pre-sales, solution architecture, or a related field within the identity space with hands-on experience in enterprise environments</li>
<li>Deep expertise in Customer Identity &amp; Access Management (IAM) platforms such as Okta, Auth0, Microsoft, Keycloak, or similar solutions.</li>
<li>Experience tailoring customer IAM strategies to specific industries or addressing international&nbsp; challenges.</li>
<li>Proficiency in an additional language relevant to your region (e.g., German, French, Arabic..) is highly desirable for fostering stronger customer engagement and regional support.</li>
</ul>
<p>#LI-Hybrid</p>
<p>#LI-JP3</p>
<p>P24433\_3336318</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong><br>The Okta Experience</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><a href="http://rewards.okta.com">Supporting Your Well-Being</a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="https://www.okta.com/company/okta-for-good/">Driving Social Impact&nbsp;</a></li>
<li><a href="https://www.okta.com/company/talent-connection-community/">Developing Talent and Fostering Connection + Community</a></li>
</ul>
<p>We are intentional about connection. Our global community, spanning over 20 offices worldwide, is united by a drive to innovate. Your journey begins with an immersive, in-person onboarding experience designed to accelerate your impact and connect you to our mission and team from day one.<br><br>Okta is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, marital status, age, physical or mental disability, or status as a protected veteran. We also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and convictions records, consistent with applicable laws.<br><br>If reasonable accommodation is needed to complete any part of the job application, interview process, or onboarding please&nbsp;<a href="https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1EfiEYZrIyhA2X4Fijk0R3RKYOzNoS3wtvyM4nhbZnXE/edit">use this Form</a> to request an accommodation.<br><br>Notice for New York City Applicants &amp; Employees: Okta may use Automated Employment Decision Tools (AEDT), as defined by New York City Local Law 144, that use artificial intelligence, machine learning, or other automated processes to assist in our recruitment and hiring process. In accordance with NYC Local Law 144, if you are an applicant or employee residing in New York City, please&nbsp;<a href="https://talent.okta.com/new-york-city-aedt-notice.html">click here</a> to view our full NYC AEDT Notice.<br><br>Okta is committed to complying with applicable data privacy and security laws and regulations. For more information, please see our Personnel and Job Candidate Privacy Notice at&nbsp;<a href="https://www.okta.com/legal/personnel-policy/">https://www.okta.com/legal/personnel-policy/</a>.</p></div>