<div class="content-intro"><p><strong data-stringify-type="bold">Why work at Nebius<br></strong>Nebius is leading a new era in cloud computing to serve the global AI economy. We create the tools and resources our customers need to solve real-world challenges and transform industries, without massive infrastructure costs or the need to build large in-house AI/ML teams. Our employees work at the cutting edge of AI cloud infrastructure alongside some of the most experienced and innovative leaders and engineers in the field.</p>
<p><strong>Where we work<br></strong>Headquartered in Amsterdam and listed on Nasdaq, Nebius has a global footprint with R&amp;D hubs across Europe, North America, and Israel. The team of over 1400 employees includes more than 400 highly skilled engineers with deep expertise across hardware and software engineering, as well as an in-house AI R&amp;D team.</p></div><h3><strong><span data-ccp-props="{}">The role</span></strong></h3>
<p>Nebius is looking for an entrepreneurial, strategic, and partnership-focused professional to join our global startup team as a Venture Ecosystems Lead, APJ. In this role, you’ll take ownership of growing and managing our global startup pipeline by developing strong relationships with leading venture capital firms, accelerators, and startup communities in APJ.</p>
<p>You’ll focus on driving adoption of our established startup program by sourcing high-potential AI startups, co-creating value-added initiatives with APJ partners, and delivering impactful ecosystem activations. You’ll be a strategic thinker and doer—comfortable managing complex partnerships, growing the deal pipeline, and delivering exceptional experiences that deepen Nebius’ role as the cloud partner of choice for AI-native startups in the regions.</p>
<p>You’re welcome to work with us <strong>remotely from Singapore</strong>.</p>
<p><strong><span data-contrast="auto"><span data-ccp-charstyle="Strong">Your responsibilities will include:</span></span></strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Build and maintain strong relationships with leading venture capital firms, PEs, accelerators, and key startup ecosystem partners in APJ.</li>
<li>Act as a trusted Nebius representative, growing visibility and influence in the VC and startup ecosystem in APJ.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Drive and Grow Startup Pipeline</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Source, qualify, and onboard high-potential AI startups into Nebius’ established startup program.</li>
<li>Collaborate with sales and marketing teams to ensure clear tracking, strong engagement, and effective conversion into long-term Nebius customers.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Create and Deliver Value-Added Initiatives</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Design and execute tailored partner initiatives, joint campaigns, and enablement resources.</li>
<li>Develop compelling GTM materials such as case studies and playbooks to support adoption and success.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Measure and Optimize Ecosystems Success</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Own and track KPIs including lead generation, startup acquisition, activation rates, and revenue contribution.</li>
<li>Use data and feedback to evaluate impact, identify opportunities, and optimize strategies.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Collaborate Across Teams</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Partner with internal stakeholders—including sales, marketing, channel, product, and solutions architects team—to align goals and ensure seamless execution.</li>
<li>Champion the voice of the APJ startup and VC community within Nebius.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong><span data-contrast="auto"><span data-ccp-charstyle="Strong">We expect you to have:</span></span></strong><span data-ccp-props="{&quot;134233117&quot;:true,&quot;134233118&quot;:true}">&nbsp;</span></p>
<ul>
<li>Minimum 7+ years of professional experience in GTM, strategic partnerships, business development or sales, with at least 5 years working in the startup or venture ecosystem.</li>
<li>Deep understanding of VC and startup dynamics, investment models, and growth strategies in APJ Region.</li>
<li>Proven ability to drive qualified pipeline growth and deliver measurable business impact through partnerships.</li>
<li>Excellent organisational, communication, and presentation skills.</li>
<li>Ability to work independently and collaboratively in a fast-paced, cross-functional environment.</li>
<li>Familiarity with the AI and cloud computing landscape, with the ability to learn new technologies quickly.</li>
<li>Genuine passion for the startup ecosystem, with consistent participation in the VC or technology events and conferences.</li>
<li>Experience using CRM tools for pipeline management, internal communication, and workflow automation.</li>
<li>Experienced in managing measurable quotas and using key performance metrics to track progress and drive results.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong><span data-contrast="auto"><span data-ccp-charstyle="Strong">It will be an added bonus if you have:</span></span></strong><span data-ccp-props="{&quot;134233117&quot;:true,&quot;134233118&quot;:true}">&nbsp;</span></p>
<ul>
<li>5 years of experience working in a leading VC/PE firm, global accelerator, as a startup founder, or as an early team member of a venture-backed AI startup.</li>
<li>Established, high-trust network within the APJ venture capital ecosystem.</li>
<li>Experience in technology partnerships or selling AI/cloud solutions.</li>
<li>Strong understanding of AI infrastructure, cloud solutions, and the needs of AI/ML startups.</li>
<li>Strong existing venture network in APJ</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>What we offer</strong>&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>Competitive salary and comprehensive benefits package.</li>
<li>Opportunities for professional growth within Nebius.</li>
<li>Flexible working arrangements.</li>
<li>A dynamic and collaborative work environment that values initiative and innovation.</li>
</ul>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">We’re growing and expanding our products every day. If you’re up to the challenge and are excited about AI and ML as much as we are, join us!</span></p></div>