<p data-pm-slice="1 1 []"><strong>GAQ426R352</strong></p>
<p>At Databricks Information Technology, we are a product-led organization transforming the way we work, from how easy it is to use our IT services to the applications we develop that help us scale seamlessly in the face of incredible growth.</p>
<p>The Corporate Engineering team is responsible for building/providing services and infrastructure that enable bricksters to be successful. A core area of focus for this role is Network Infrastructure and Automation.</p>
<p>Databricks is hiring an experienced <strong>Senior Network Engineer</strong> to help grow and scale our campus Network infrastructure and zero trust framework, as the company continues its hyper-growth. You will be a key member of the Corporate Engineering team to build out a scalable network infrastructure while building automation and meeting security and compliance needs .You will report to the Head of Corporate Engineering. You will come up to speed on existing capabilities as a foundation towards developing solutions at scale. This also is an opportunity to join a new sub team of Corporate Engineering focused on Network / Cloud infrastructure and related SRE functions.</p>
<p><strong>The impact you will have:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>You will manage Databricks LAN, WAN and VPN approach by designing and implementing highly available, redundant, and low-latency company campus networks.</li>
<li>You will provide infrastructure that is both secure and performant with focus on delivering amazing experiences for stakeholders through technologies such as SD-WAN and WIFI6/7 solutions.</li>
<li>You will develop and implement network automation for scale and predictability, leveraging common languages and configuration as code such as Ansible and Terraform.</li>
<li>You will facilitate partnerships with security and compliance teams to ensure the network is based on seamless security design</li>
<li>Assist Corporate Engineering leadership in Capacity Planning, driving outcomes and network roadmap through network analytics and stakeholder feedback.</li>
<li>Knowledge transfer, transparency, enablement and mentoring of other team members, vendors, including maintaining detailed system documentation, contributing towards monitoring and metrics for SRE functions and maintaining vendor relationships</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>What we look for:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>5+ years of experience or related experience in designing and building highly redundant network infrastructure for campus networks with an emphasis on ZeroTrust, SD-WAN and Wireless.</li>
<li>A strong candidate will demonstrate a deep understanding of <strong>OSI Layer and its application</strong>.</li>
<li>5+ years of experience or related experience applying network and security principles within a cloud infrastructure deployment. Demonstrated experience in secure transport methods <strong>(SSH,TLS,IPSEC)</strong>, IAM, VPCs and connectivity such as IaaS peering and VPN solutions.</li>
<li>Strong track record of delivering resilient network systems and services with a focus on delivering amazing experiences for end users.</li>
<li>Strong <strong>hands-on technical skills</strong>. Can drill deep into the complex network system design and implementation when needed. Familiarity with APIs and designing solutions to leverage interfaces to build network automation or capabilities such as dashboarding or monitoring.</li>
<li>Strong experience in previous implementations of Palo Alto Networks <strong>Global Protect, Prisma Access </strong>VPN solutions, including the implementation of network capabilities in AWS and hybrid scenarios.</li>
<li>Working knowledge of <strong>SD-WAN </strong>( Palo Alto Networks SD-WAN solution)</li>
<li>Must have experience with <strong>Aruba wireless echo system</strong> ( Aruba switches/AP’s and central)</li>
<li><span data-path-to-node="7,0,1,0"><span class="citation-96">Proficiency in </span><strong data-path-to-node="7,0,1,0" data-index-in-node="45"><span class="citation-96">Ansible</span></strong><span class="citation-96"> and </span><strong data-path-to-node="7,0,1,0" data-index-in-node="57"><span class="citation-96">Terraform</span></strong><span class="citation-96"> for network automation</span></span><span data-path-to-node="7,0,1,2">.</span></li>
<li>Comfortable programming in languages such as Spark, Python, node.js, golang or Scala is ideal</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>About Databricks</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-family: arial, sans-serif;">Databricks is the data and AI company. More than 10,000 organizations worldwide — including Comcast, Condé Nast, Grammarly, and over 50% of the Fortune 500 — rely on the Databricks Data Intelligence Platform to unify and democratize data, analytics and AI. Databricks is headquartered in San Francisco, with offices around the globe and was founded by the original creators of Lakehouse, Apache Spark™, Delta Lake and MLflow. To learn more, follow Databricks on&nbsp;<span style="color: rgb(255, 54, 33);"><a style="color: rgb(255, 54, 33);" href="https://twitter.com/databricks" target="\_blank" data-saferedirecturl="https://www.google.com/url?q=https://twitter.com/databricks&amp;source=gmail&amp;ust=1700237575733000&amp;usg=AOvVaw03FL8fJvOD97ytN02f5G2C">Twitter</a>,&nbsp;<a style="color: rgb(255, 54, 33);" href="https://www.linkedin.com/company/databricks" target="\_blank" data-saferedirecturl="https://www.google.com/url?q=https://www.linkedin.com/company/databricks&amp;source=gmail&amp;ust=1700237575733000&amp;usg=AOvVaw15dLk3q8VxTfHEgCUg7NSt">LinkedIn</a>&nbsp;<span style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0);">and</span>&nbsp;<a style="color: rgb(255, 54, 33);" href="https://www.facebook.com/databricksinc" target="\_blank" data-saferedirecturl="https://www.google.com/url?q=https://www.facebook.com/databricksinc&amp;source=gmail&amp;ust=1700237575733000&amp;usg=AOvVaw39EcncitnlqV72EG2-RqXJ">Facebook</a></span>.<br><br><strong>Benefits<br><br></strong></span>At Databricks, we strive to provide comprehensive benefits and perks that meet the needs of all of our employees. For specific details on the benefits offered in your region click <a href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/154un3e8Xav4BceOSlcYFZRGEuQI54xMxVydRwQn54eQ/edit?usp=sharing">here</a>.<br><br></p>
<p><strong>Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion</strong></p>
<p>At Databricks, we are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive culture where everyone can excel. We take great care to ensure that our hiring practices are inclusive and meet equal employment opportunity standards. Individuals looking for employment at Databricks are considered without regard to age, color, disability, ethnicity, family or marital status, gender identity or expression, language, national origin, physical and mental ability, political affiliation, race, religion, sexual orientation, socio-economic status, veteran status, and other protected characteristics.</p>
<p><strong>Compliance</strong></p>
<p><strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">If access to export-controlled technology or source code is required for performance of job duties, it is within Employer's discretion whether to apply for a U.S. government license for such positions, and Employer may decline to proceed with an applicant on this basis alone.</span></strong></p></div>