**At NordLayer, we’re building cybersecurity that scales with the business.**

A toggle-ready platform that helps modern teams thrive—without the security headaches. Trusted by 11,000+ global companies, NordLayer plugs into any tech stack and protects users across borders.

**Your impact?** Helping businesses stay protected and moving forward with future-ready network security.

## Main Responsibilities

- Take ownership of the design, development, deployment, and operations of the solutions/features your squad engineers develop;
- Team enablement; ensure that your team is setup to succeed. Set clear direction and expectations and proactively eliminate roadblocks;
- Lead and grow Engineering squad of 8 to 10 specialists, providing guidance, mentorship and help them grow (evaluate performance, create personal development plans, track progress, and coach them along the way);
- Lead sprint planning and squad velocity tracking activities to ensure that product milestones are met;
- Develop and execute plans using agile development methodologies;
- Collaborate with other cross-functional squads;
- Discuss business solutions with stakeholders and other engineers, propose alternatives, or validate existing solutions;
- Contribute to new talent hiring and ensure that employee lifecycle is fully covered (hiring, onboarding, growth, off boarding);

## Core Requirements

- At least 2 years of experience leading a team of engineers;
- Solid infrastructure development background, and either experience or a desire to develop an understanding of a networking domain. The team is solving highly complex technical challenges on the intersection of backend development and networking. You’re not expected to write the code, but you’ll need to understand the logic of the system;
- Knowledge of infrastructure practices & best practices for the full software development life cycle, including coding standards;
- Openness to collaborate and mentor team members, while also sharing practical knowledge and trends;
- Team-spirited, proactive, and able to work in a fast-paced environment;

## Salary Range

- Gross Salary 5850 - 7600 EUR/Month

**What We Offer**

**Innovate with industry leaders**

Work alongside global experts to build world-leading cybersecurity tools, impacting millions of users around the world.

**Learn & grow**

Boost your skills via our extensive training programs (online and offline) & other resources. Benefit from mentorship and career-switch opportunities to grow within the company.

**Work in a next-gen Cyber City office**

Thrive in our bustling office, featuring ergonomic workspaces, modern meeting rooms, engaging events, and specialty coffee to fuel your day.

**Hybrid work**

Enjoy the flexibility with 3 office days and working from home for the remaining 2.

**Work from anywhere**

Recharge with a change of scenery – choose work from any location when you feel a need to power your creativity and drive.

**Physical well-being**

Boost your health with free-of-charge 24/7 gym access, onsite and online workouts, and consultations led by in-house Physical Well-Being experts.

**Mental & emotional health**

Nurture your mind with free psychologist consultations, dedicated mental health events, and premium access to top-rated wellness apps like Calm, Headspace, and Mindletic.

**Premium healthcare**

Receive private health insurance giving you peace of mind for your health needs.

**Extra days off**

Enjoy additional vacation days off as you grow with us. Plus, get extra days for sick leave, special occasions, or parenting needs.

**Joyful moments – special treats**

Celebrate life’s big moments with special gifts from us on your birthday, anniversary, and other major events, such as weddings or the arrival of a new family member.

**Company events & team-building**

Experience iconic Nord Security celebrations, team-buildings, and knowledge-sharing events, nurturing bonds that fuel our success.

**Workation**

Embark on a legendary company getaway abroad, filled with exciting activities, live concerts, engaging workshops, and epic time together.

*Kindly refer to our Privacy Notice for Recruitment Candidates for comprehensive information regarding our data handling procedures throughout recruitment processes:* <https://bit.ly/40GWyjL>

*We expect all candidates to provide accurate and complete information during the recruitment process. While limited use of AI tools to refine application materials is acceptable, candidates remain fully responsible for ensuring that their submissions reflect their own qualifications, skills, and experience. Any failure to do so may negatively affect participation in the recruitment process. If broader AI assistance is allowed for a particular role or stage, we’ll let you know in advance.*

*By submitting your application, you acknowledge that it may be processed using automated tools for evaluation purposes. As part of our recruitment process, we may use an AI-based application review tool to help assess applications based on skills and experience relevant to the role. This technology is used to support - not replace - human decision-making, and every application is ultimately reviewed by a recruiter.*

*If you would like more information about how AI is used in this process or wish to exercise your rights under applicable data privacy laws, please contact us at [privacy@nordaccount.com](mailto:privacy@nordaccount.com). Should you prefer to opt out of the automated evaluation, please submit your application directly to [career@nordsec.com](mailto:career@nordsec.com).*