<p><strong>This is Adyen</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Adyen provides payments, data, and financial products in a single solution for customers like Meta, Uber, H&amp;M, and Microsoft - making us the financial technology platform of choice. At Adyen, everything we do is engineered for ambition.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">For our teams, we create an environment with opportunities for our people to succeed, backed by the culture and support to ensure they are enabled to truly own their careers. We are motivated individuals who tackle unique technical challenges at scale and solve them as a team. Together, we deliver innovative and ethical solutions that help businesses achieve their ambitions faster.</span></p>
<p><strong>Team Lead HR Business Partner - Tech&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>Adyen is looking for a strategic yet hands-on HR Business Partner Leader to empower a team of Tech HRBPs and EMEA/global Tech and Product leaders based in Amsterdam. As a Team Lead, you will mentor and develop a team of Tech HRBPs.&nbsp; You’ll work with senior Tech and Product leaders in creating and driving people strategy for a global tech solution, partnering closely with leaders to enable business success and deliver a world-class employee experience. You’ll shape how teams grow, how leaders lead, and how employees thrive in a high-performance, high-growth environment.</p>
<p><strong>What you’ll do:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Manage, mentor, and develop a team of HRBPs. Ensure consistent delivery of HR programs and people strategy across Tech Solutions.</li>
<li>Create and execute a people strategy for relevant Tech and Product solutions&nbsp; in partnership with other regional and global HRBPs.</li>
<li>Partner with top leaders across the tech and product functions to create a people strategy that supports employee development, organizational growth, and alignment with Adyen’s leadership values.</li>
<li>Provide strategic HR guidance and coaching to leaders on topics including performance management, feedback, employee relations, and engagement.</li>
<li>Use people data and insights to identify trends, spot challenges, and recommend data-driven improvements.</li>
<li>Support a culture of feedback, including guiding underperformance and improvement discussions with empathy and clarity.</li>
<li>Champion diversity, equity, and inclusion by supporting initiatives and cultivating inclusive team environments.</li>
<li>Be an advocate for Adyen employees, ensuring they thrive and grow within a high-performance, high-growth culture.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Who you are:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>4+ years building and leading a team of HR professionals supporting their growth and helping to remove obstacles and have experience in handling escalations.&nbsp;</li>
<li>8+ years of HRBP experience, in a fast-paced, global, matrixed organization, partnering with all levels of leadership.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Strong knowledge and experience supporting tech and product teams in an HR function including familiarity with engineering roles, agile methodologies, and the nuances of tech recruitment.</li>
<li>Deep expertise in HR practices, including performance management and employee relations.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Trusted advisor who builds strong relationships and thrives in an evolving, unstructured environment.</li>
<li>A "builder" and change agent with a continuous improvement mindset, comfortable challenging the status quo to drive efficiency and cultural alignment.</li>
<li>Adept at organizational dynamics, fostering healthy, motivated teams.</li>
<li>Hands-on yet collaborative, always seeking simpler, more automated solutions.</li>
<li>Exceptional problem-solver and communicator, able to develop and articulate fact-based solutions.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Our Diversity, Equity and Inclusion commitments&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Our unique approach is a product of our diverse perspectives. This diversity of backgrounds and cultures is essential in helping us maintain our momentum. Our business and technical challenges are unique, and we need as many different voices as possible to join us in solving them - voices like yours. No matter who you are or where you’re from, we welcome you to be your true self at Adyen.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Studies show that women and members of underrepresented communities apply for jobs only if they meet 100% of the qualifications. Does this sound like you? If so, Adyen encourages you to reconsider and apply. We look forward to your application!</span></p>
<p><strong>What’s next?</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Ensuring a smooth and enjoyable candidate experience is critical for us. We aim to get back to you regarding your application within 5 business days. Our interview process tends to take about 4 weeks to complete, but may fluctuate depending on the role. </span><a href="https://careers.adyen.com/how-we-hire"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Learn more about our hiring process here</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">. Don’t be afraid to let us know if you need more flexibility.</span></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>This role is based in our Amsterdam office. We are an office-first company and value in-person collaboration; we do not offer remote-only roles.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>