<div class="content-intro"><p><strong><em>🚀 We’re on a mission to make money work for everyone.</em></strong></p>
<p>We’re waving goodbye to the complicated and confusing ways of traditional banking.</p>
<p>After starting as a prepaid card, our product offering has grown a lot in the last 10 years in the UK. As well as&nbsp;<a href="https://monzo.com/current-account/personal">personal</a> and <a href="https://monzo.com/business-banking">business</a> bank accounts, we offer <a href="https://monzo.com/current-account/joint-account">joint accounts</a>, <a href="https://monzo.com/current-account/16-17">accounts for 16-17 year olds</a>, a <a href="https://monzo.com/current-account/under-16s">free kids account</a> and <a href="https://monzo.com/flex">credit cards</a> in the UK, with more exciting things to come beyond. Our UK customers can also <a href="https://monzo.com/savings">save</a>, <a href="https://monzo.com/investments">invest </a>and&nbsp;<a href="https://monzo.com/pensions">combine their pensions</a> with us.&nbsp;</p>
<p>With our hot coral cards and get-paid-early feature, combined with financial education on social media and our award winning customer service, we have a long history of creating magical moments for our customers!</p>
<p>We’re not about selling products - we want to solve problems and change lives through Monzo ❤️</p>
<hr>
<p>&nbsp;</p></div><p>📍London (UK) | 💰£78,000 - £98,000 + <a href="https://monzo.com/careers/">Benefits</a> |</p>
<p>We’re looking for an experienced <strong>Senior Product Marketing Manager</strong> to help scale Monzo’s Borrowing products across both the UK and new markets.</p>
<p>This is a high-impact, globally-facing role embedded in our Borrowing business unit - a core pillar of Monzo’s growth strategy. As we expand into new markets, you’ll play a key role in shaping how our borrowing propositions travel - defining global positioning, adapting to local market dynamics, and ensuring we launch with clarity, ambition and regulatory confidence.</p>
<p>Borrowing spans homeownership, core lending products such as loans and overdrafts, credit insights tools that help customers understand and improve their credit health, and credit cards such as Flex. As we scale this portfolio internationally, we’re focused on making borrowing simpler, more transparent and more accessible wherever we operate.</p>
<p>In this role, you’ll be the go-to product marketer for one or more of our Borrowing squads. You’ll play a key role in ensuring our propositions are compelling, differentiated and set up for success across both the UK and new geographies.</p>
<p><strong>What you’ll be doing:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><strong>Shape global propositions: </strong>Understand global markets and create propositions for new country launches - shaping strategy, adapting global positioning to local market dynamics, and ensuring we launch with clarity and ambition.</li>
<li><strong>Lead launch strategies</strong>: Own the end-to-end development and execution of go-to-market plans for new features and offerings. Collaborate with product, design, and research teams to ensure impactful launches that drive awareness, engagement, and adoption.</li>
<li><strong>Shape product strategy with market insight</strong>: Act as the voice of the market within your squad. Lead efforts in market intelligence, segmentation, and ideal customer profiling to inform decisions and ensure products are positioned for success.</li>
<li><strong>Craft compelling messaging and positioning</strong>: Develop clear and differentiated product positioning and messaging frameworks. Lead message testing and refinement to ensure our value propositions resonate with target audiences and support business objectives.</li>
<li><strong>Champion the customer voice</strong>: Deeply understand customer needs through qualitative and quantitative insights. Translate these into actionable personas, buyer journeys, and other tools to influence product development and go-to-market plans.</li>
<li><strong>Monitor market trends and competitor activity</strong>: Continuously assess the competitive landscape and customer feedback to identify opportunities, gaps, and areas for innovation</li>
<li><strong>Oversee product launches. </strong>You will be a key partner to the marketing organisation. You’ll identify the right times for products to ship and you’ll inform how we go-to-market. You’ll review work and make sure the quality bar is held high.</li>
<li><strong>Partner with compliance</strong>: Work with legal and compliance teams to ensure all messaging and product marketing align with FCA and regulatory requirements.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>You should apply if:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>You’re an experienced product marketer - work with borrowing products and global experience is a bonus!</li>
<li>You’ve launched new products into market</li>
<li>You’re happy with a combination of getting your hands dirty and taking ownership of your area</li>
<li>You’re comfortable operating in ambiguity and building for multi-market growth</li>
<li>You're excited to work at a fast-paced, award-winning, quickly growing company</li>
<li>You take a customer first approach to everything you do</li>
<li>You are happy working in a regulated environment in a company that thrives on transparency and collaboration</li>
<li>You’re comfortable with numbers and metrics and can make difficult decisions in complex situations with the data to back you up</li>
<li>You understand how consumer facing products are built and are comfortable working with a technical team</li>
<li>You’re able to quickly build trust and manage disagreement</li>
<li>You’re excited by the ambition of what we’re doing at Monzo and working with our passionate audiences</li>
<li>You’re a fast learner, humble and curious, and enjoy developing yourself and others</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>The Interview Process:</strong></p>
<p>Our interview process involves four main stages:&nbsp;</p>
<ol>
<li>Recruiter Call via Phone Call (30 mins)</li>
<li>Initial Call via Google Meet (30 mins)</li>
<li>Case Study Review Call via Google Meet (45 mins)</li>
<li>x2 final interviews via Google Meet (x2 45-60mins)</li>
</ol>
<p>Our average process takes around 3-4 weeks but we will always work around your availability.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>What’s in it for you:</strong></p>
<p>💰Salary is £78,000 - £98,000 + incentive awards tied to your performance</p>
<p>📍This role will be based out of our London office next to Liverpool Street station in a hybrid approach of office based and home working</p>
<p>⏰We offer flexible working hours and trust you to work enough hours to do your job well, at times that suit you and your team.</p>
<p>📚Learning budget of £1,000 a year for books, training courses and conferences</p>
<p>➕And much more, see our full list of benefits<a href="https://monzo.com/careers/"> <strong>here&nbsp;</strong></a></p>
<p>#LI-JB1</p><div class="content-conclusion"><hr>
<p><strong>Equal opportunities for everyone</strong></p>
<p>Diversity and inclusion are a priority for us and we’re making sure we have lots of support for all of our people to grow at Monzo. At Monzo, we’re embracing diversity by fostering an inclusive environment for all people to do the best work of their lives with us. This is integral to our mission of making money work for everyone. You can read more in our <a href="https://monzo.com/blog/diversity-and-inclusion">blog</a>, 2024 <a href="https://monzo.com/blog/our-2024-diversity-and-inclusion-report" target="\_blank">Diversity and Inclusion Report</a> and 2024 <a href="https://monzo.com/blog/an-update-on-our-gender-pay-gap-2024">Gender Pay Gap Report.</a></p>
<p>We’re an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be considered for employment without attention to age, ethnicity, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, family or parental status, national origin, or veteran, neurodiversity or disability status.</p>
<p>If you have a preferred name, please use it to apply. We don't need full or birth names at application stage 😊</p></div>