<p>Our mission at Duolingo is to develop the best education in the world and make it universally available. It’s a big mission, and that’s where you come in!</p>
<p>At Duolingo, you’ll join a team that cares about educating our users, experimenting with big ideas, making fact-based decisions, and finding innovative solutions to complex problems. You’ll have limitless learning opportunities and daily collaborations with world-class minds — while doing work that’s both meaningful and fun.</p>
<p>Join our life-changing mission to develop education for our half a billion (and growing!) learners around the world.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Read <a href="https://blog.duolingo.com/?utm\_source=greenhouse.com&amp;utm\_medium=referral&amp;utm\_campaign=generalblog\_gh\_091224">our blog</a> to learn more.</p>
<hr>
<p style="text-align: left;"><strong>About the role...</strong></p>
<p style="text-align: left;">Our people are the most valuable asset that helps us shape and grow our crown jewel, the world’s most loved education app. As a Recruiter at Duolingo, you’ll help grow the teams that bring our products to life by hiring exceptional talent. We’re a fast-paced team fueled by curiosity, quirk, and result-driven innovation, and we’re looking for someone who’s energized by this environment and excited to help us scale thoughtfully.</p>
<p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>🧠&nbsp; You will...</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Manage full-cycle recruiting for all APAC open roles across multiple locations, covering a wide range of functions including Engineering, Product, Business, Design, with the flexibility to expand into Data Science, AI etc.</li>
<li>Build and maintain a diverse pipeline of top talent, using a mix of strategic sourcing, networking, and creative outreach.</li>
<li>Partner with hiring managers to forecast and meet hiring needs for critical teams.</li>
<li>Deliver an exceptional candidate experience, train and collaborate with interviewers to uphold Duolingo’s values and hiring standards.</li>
<li>Support employer branding initiatives in China that engage a broad and diverse talent pool—including, but not limited to, Engineering, Product, Business, and Design—while effectively showcasing our culture, values, and career opportunities.</li>
<li>Use data and insights to track recruiting performance and identify opportunities to improve efficiency, quality, and inclusivity.</li>
<li>Stay on top of industry and market trends to help Duolingo remain competitive in attracting top talents.</li>
<li>Leverage and provide feedback on our recruiting tools and systems to continuously enhance how we source and hire.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>✅&nbsp; You have...</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>3+ years of full-cycle recruiting experience, with a focus on software engineering, product, design and/or mobile roles.</li>
<li>The ability to work from or relocate to Beijing, China.</li>
<li>A bachelor’s degree.</li>
<li>Demonstrated success in sourcing, engaging, and nurturing diverse technical talent pipelines.</li>
<li>Excellent organization, prioritization, and time management skills.</li>
<li>Comfort operating in a fast-paced, high-growth environment with evolving priorities.</li>
<li>A balance of accountability, adaptability, and attention to detail, able to manage ambiguity while delivering results.</li>
</ul>
<p style="text-align: center;">&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>⭐&nbsp; Exceptional candidates will have...</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Experience recruiting for companies known for technical depth and innovation.</li>
<li>A data-informed recruiting mindset, balancing speed with candidate quality and experience.</li>
<li>Familiarity with tools like Textio, Gem, and Greenhouse.</li>
<li>A deep understanding of technical recruiting best practices and employer branding principles.</li>
<li>An impressive Duolingo streak!</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p class="Z7ph2">Take a peek at how we care for our employees' holistic well-being with our benefits<a class="Z7ph2" href="https://careers.duolingo.com/#benefits">&nbsp;here</a>.</p>
<p class="Z7ph2">We will do everything we can within reason to make sure that your interview takes place in an environment that fairly and accurately assesses your skills. If you need assistance or accommodation, please contact&nbsp;<a class="Z7ph2" href="mailto:accommodations@duolingo.com" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="mailto:accommodations@duolingo.com" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">accommodations@duolingo.com</a>.</p>
<p class="Z7ph2">Duolingo is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, gender (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics.</p>
<p class="Z7ph2">By applying for this position your data will be processed as per the<a class="Z7ph2" href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vTX9GKeRMOMA9Vtm0vfGibrYPYz8ysl0Dg8KSXgj\_PxeT5ChsdnNZZWtpxu4t7xillTPGnngnKCjIbV/pub">&nbsp;Duolingo Applicant Privacy Notice</a>.</p>
<p class="Z7ph2">Unfortunately, there is a rise in scammers pretending to be real Duolingo employees. Duolingo and our employees will never ask for your Social Security number, bank details, or passport info, and we’ll never ask you to deposit a check, purchase equipment, or exchange money during the interview process. Real Duolingo employees always use an email that ends in&nbsp;<strong>@duolingo.com</strong>&nbsp;or&nbsp;<strong>@recruiting.duolingo.com</strong>. Stay alert and double-check these details before sharing any information.</p>
<p class="Z7ph2">Sign up for job alerts&nbsp;<a href="http://my.greenhouse.io/users/sign\_in?job\_board=duolingo">here</a>.</p></div>