<h2><strong>What you'll do&nbsp;</strong></h2>
<p>We are looking for a Senior Software Engineer to join the Preventive &amp; Continuous Care Companion team.</p>
<p>As a Senior Software Engineer, your mission will be to help Doctolib reinforce its position as a continuous health partner for our users, by building high quality free and premium products that empower users to achieve their health goals through relevant recommendations.</p>
<p>Your responsibilities include but are not limited to:</p>
<ul>
<li>Collaboratively design, implement and maintain high quality solutions delivering value to our users.</li>
<li>Implement best practices to maintain and improve high standards for engineering and operational excellence to help our team members thrive.</li>
<li>Proactively monitor the health of the system in your team’s scope by measuring SLIs, defining SLOs and improving and maintaining alerts.</li>
<li>Continuously build your domain knowledge and influence outside of the team to help your team deal with dependencies and reduce uncertainty.</li>
<li>Provide thoughtful and constructive feedback during pair programming sessions.</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>About our tech environment</strong></h2>
<p>Our solutions are built on a single fully cloud-native platform that supports web and mobile app interfaces, multiple languages, and is adapted to the country and healthcare specialty requirements. To address these challenges, we are modularizing our platform run in a distributed architecture through reusable components.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Our stack is composed of Rails, TypeScript, Java, Python, Kotlin, Swift, and React Native.</p>
<p>We leverage AI ethically across our products to empower patients and health professionals. Discover our AI vision<a href="https://careers.doctolib.com/ai-careers/"> here</a> and learn about our first AI hackathon<a href="https://medium.com/doctolib/building-for-healthcare-our-first-ai-hackathon-aa9d10d1a250"> here!</a></p>
<h2><strong>Who you are&nbsp;</strong></h2>
<p>If you don’t meet all the requirements below but believe this opportunity matches your expectations and experience, we still encourage you to apply!</p>
<ul>
<li>You have in-depth knowledge of the JVM ecosystem (Java, Kotlin, Spring Boot)</li>
<li>You are familiar with Domain Driven Design.</li>
<li>You are an advocate for pair and mob programming.</li>
<li>You are product-oriented and comfortable guiding your teammates to suggest tradeoffs to balance business needs with technical constraints.</li>
<li>You have experience in monitoring the health of the system you are building and actively contribute to its improvement.</li>
<li>You're familiar with distributed systems patterns and have hands-on experience with microservices architecture, event-driven design, and system reliability.</li>
</ul>
<p>Now it would be fantastic if you:</p>
<ul>
<li>Have experience working in healthcare or other regulated industries where data privacy and security are paramount</li>
<li>You have hands-on experience working with AI tools.</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>What we offer</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Free comprehensive health insurance for you and your children</li>
<li>Parent Care Program: additional leave on top of the legal parental leave</li>
<li>Free mental health and coaching services through our partner Moka.care</li>
<li>For caregivers and workers with disabilities, a package including an adaptation of the remote policy, extra days off for medical reasons, and psychological support</li>
<li>Work from abroad for up to 10 days per year thanks to our flexibility days policy</li>
<li>Work Council subsidy to refund part of a sport club membership or a creative class</li>
<li>Up to 14 days of RTT</li>
<li>Lunch voucher with Swile card</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>The interview process&nbsp;</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Recruiter Interview</li>
<li>Feature Building Interview</li>
<li>System Design Interview</li>
<li>Behavioral Interview</li>
<li>At least one reference check</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Job details</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Permanent position</li>
<li>Full-time</li>
<li>Location: Levallois</li>
</ul>
<p>If you would like to find out more about tech life at Doctolib, feel free to read our latest<a href="https://medium.com/doctolib" target="\_blank"> Medium blog articles</a>!&nbsp;</p>
<p><em>At Doctolib, we are committed to improving access to healthcare for everyone. This translates into our recruitment process. We evaluate candidates based solely on qualifications and motivation, without any form of discrimination.</em></p>
<p><em>The more diverse ideas are heard, the more our product will truly improve healthcare for all. You are welcome to apply to Doctolib, regardless of your gender, religion, age, sexual orientation, ethnicity, disability.</em></p>
<p><em>To ensure equal opportunities, we invite you to exclude personal information (e.g. pictures, age) from your applications. If you require any accommodation, please let us know for support during the hiring process.&nbsp;</em></p>
<p><em>Join us in building the healthcare we all dream of!</em></p>
<p><em>All information provided is processed by Doctolib for application management. For data processing details, click</em><a href="https://media.doctolib.com/image/upload/v1678356494/legal/Career-Privacy-Policy-Feb-23-EN.pdf" target="\_blank"><em> </em><em>here</em></a><em>. Please contact hr.dataprivacy(at)doctolib.com</em><strong><em> </em></strong><em>for inquiries or to exercise your rights.</em></p>
<h3 data-start="87" data-end="122"><br><br></h3>