<div class="content-intro"><h2><span data-sheets-root="1">About Wolt</span></h2>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">At Wolt, we create technology that brings joy, simplicity and earnings to the neighborhoods of the world. In 2014 we started with delivery of restaurant food. Now we’re building the delivery of (almost) everything and you’ll find us in over 500 cities in 30 countries around the world. In 2022 we joined forces with DoorDash and together we keep on dreaming big and expanding across the globe.<br><br>Working at Wolt isn’t always easy, but it’s definitely exciting. Here you’ll learn more, build more, and ship more than in most other companies. You’ll be challenged a lot, but also have a lot of fun on the way. So, if you’re a self-starter with drive and entrepreneurial spirit, this could be the ride of your life.</span></p></div><p><strong>Are you an experienced Grocery Associate, or do you have valuable experience in another grocery store? Do you have the ability to lead a team and inspire a high-quality standard of service? If this sounds like you, then we’d love to chat! 🤩</strong></p>
<p><strong>We’re looking for a Shift Lead to lead our Grocery team in our Wolt Markets in Tbilisi ! </strong><strong>&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p><strong>It's a full-time job:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>5 working days</li>
<li>8 working hours</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>What you’ll be doing&nbsp;</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>
<p>Ensuring efficient operations and being the go-to person when the Store Manager isn’t present at the store.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Solving issues in which the team needs help.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Monitoring and managing workload, efficiency, office duties and well-being.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Collecting and forwarding feedback.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Proactively participating in developing store operations.&nbsp;<br>&nbsp;</p>
</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Our humble expectations&nbsp;</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>
<p>You have experience in working as a Grocery Associate in&nbsp;grocery stores/retail.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>You have experience in leading a team (in a similar industry).</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>You are proactive, service-minded and a fast learner and have the ability to multitask.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>You are able to work at least (40 hrs/week)&nbsp;flexibly in all shifts during the day, evenings and weekends - our Wolt Market is open 24/7.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>You are fluent in Georgian language and preferable if you have professional working proficiency in English.&nbsp;<br>&nbsp;</p>
</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>What you'll get by joining us&nbsp;</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Medical insurance&nbsp;</li>
<li>24 days of working days vacation</li>
<li>Wolt credits cashback benefit</li>
<li>Sport discounts</li>
<li>Wolt-wide training programs</li>
<li>Maternity leave</li>
</ul>
<p>If you are excited about working in a high-growth environment, taking ownership, and being part of an extremely ambitious team, then click below to apply and get the conversation going!</p>
<p>We will be reviewing applications on an on-going basis, so if this sounds like an opportunity you want to pursue, apply today!&nbsp;<br><br>Please note that we do not accept applications coming through email due to GDPR. Make sure to apply through our careers page!&nbsp;</p>
<p><iframe src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/T10nqKEgkmE" width="560" height="314"></iframe></p><div class="content-conclusion"><h2><span data-sheets-root="1">Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion</span></h2>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">We’re committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. That’s why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.</span></p></div>