## Your Mission

As an Intern - Test Engineer, you will be responsible for end-to-end testing of Infotainment or Body Electronics products. Your primary duties will include creating detailed test specifications, test concepts, and test plans. You will implement and execute test cases, meticulously document the results, and support various test activities such as system testing, regression testing, robustness testing, and vehicle testing. Additionally, you will work closely with the development team to reproduce bugs and verify bug fixes, ensuring the highest quality standards are met.<br><br>Internship is set for: 12 months

## Sneak preview of your future tasks

<ul><li>Getting to know end-to-end testing of Infotainment or Body Electronics products.</li><li>Creating detailed test specifications, concepts, and plans.</li><li>Implement, execute, and document the results of test cases.</li><li>Perform system-level testing to ensure the product functions correctly as a whole, and conduct regression testing to confirm that new changes haven't adversely affected existing functionalities.</li><li>Perform robustness testing to ensure the product can handle unexpected conditions and carry out vehicle testing to validate the product's performance in real-world conditions.</li><li>Manage and track bugs using systems like JIRA or RTC.</li><li>Use vehicle simulation tools like CANoe and PROVEtech for testing.</li><li>Apply scripting knowledge in Python, C, C++, CAPL, or Visual Basic to create and execute test scripts.</li><li>Utilize understanding of CAN, LIN, and Ethernet (SomeIP) for testing.</li><li>Develop and maintain automated tests using frameworks like Robot Framework.</li></ul>

## Your Profile

<strong>Education:</strong><ul><li>Degree (or in progress of obtaining a degree) in Technical Computer Science / Embedded Systems / Electrical Engineering / Vehicle Technology or a comparable field.</li></ul> <br><strong>Experience/Knowledge:</strong><ul><li>Interest in Testing (Manual and Automation).</li><li>General understanding of testing SW systems in at least one field (embedded, backend, or mobile).</li><li>Basic Scripting Knowledge in Python/C or C++, CAPL, Visual Basic.</li><li>Familiarity with bug/defects processing workflow.</li></ul> <br><strong>Personal Skills:</strong><ul><li>Communication and teamwork skills.</li><li>Оwnership and full responsibility for the execution of your daily tasks.</li><li>Organizational, time management, prioritization, and multi-tasking skills.</li><li>Proficiency in problem-solving and troubleshooting.</li><li>High level of initiative, commitment, perseverance, and resilience.</li><li>Continuous learning attitude.</li></ul><br><br>

## Why us?

<ul><li>A chance to work on a new generation of Infotainment Systems, which will power millions of cars</li><li>An international, interdisciplinary innovation lab, which is part of the Mercedes Benz Group AG</li><li>Agile working methods and open feedback culture</li><li>Flexible working hours, flexible scheme for working from home</li></ul>

## Interested?

We look forward to receiving your complete application, including CV (in English) and relevant references with the following information:<ul><li>Job title and reference number</li><li>Salary expectations</li><li>Earliest start date</li></ul>You don't bring everything with you? Don't worry, MBition is proud of our diverse workforce and passionate about having MBitioneers from all backgrounds and perspectives. MBition is and always will be an equal opportunity employer. We are looking for employees who convince us above all with their personality and passionately motivated to join the team!<br>You are welcome to contact our representative for severely disabled employees, Grigor Cekov (<a href="mailto:grigor.cekov@mercedes-benz.com">grigor.cekov@mercedes-benz.com</a>), who will support you in the further application process.<br>Recruitment Notice: Due to high volumes of applications, only shortlisted candidates will be contacted.