<div class="content-intro"><p><strong data-stringify-type="bold">Why work at Nebius<br></strong>Nebius is leading a new era in cloud computing to serve the global AI economy. We create the tools and resources our customers need to solve real-world challenges and transform industries, without massive infrastructure costs or the need to build large in-house AI/ML teams. Our employees work at the cutting edge of AI cloud infrastructure alongside some of the most experienced and innovative leaders and engineers in the field.</p>
<p><strong>Where we work<br></strong>Headquartered in Amsterdam and listed on Nasdaq, Nebius has a global footprint with R&amp;D hubs across Europe, North America, and Israel. The team of over 1400 employees includes more than 400 highly skilled engineers with deep expertise across hardware and software engineering, as well as an in-house AI R&amp;D team.</p></div><h3><strong><span data-contrast="auto">The role</span></strong><span data-ccp-props="{}">&nbsp;</span></h3>
<p>We’re looking for a <strong>Datacenter L2 IT technician</strong> to troubleshoot and solve data center IT hardware issues. This is a position for a technical expert working at the intersection of multiple technical and operational domains.<br>Position is full time day shift.</p>
<p>You’re welcome to work in our DC in <strong>Mäntsälä, Finland.</strong></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong><span data-ccp-props="{&quot;335559685&quot;:720,&quot;335559991&quot;:360}"><span class="TextRun MacChromeBold SCXW95146830 BCX0" lang="EN-US" data-contrast="auto"><span class="NormalTextRun SCXW95146830 BCX0" data-ccp-charstyle="Strong">Your responsibilities will include:</span></span><span class="EOP SCXW95146830 BCX0" data-ccp-props="{&quot;134233117&quot;:true,&quot;134233118&quot;:true}">&nbsp;</span></span></strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Solve the challenging hardware related issues with servers, involving in-depth advanced level troubleshooting</li>
<li>Involved in hardware problem management, workarounds and solutions</li>
<li>Solve proactively L1/L2 tasks through ticket system</li>
<li>Update new processes and documentation for IT hardware team</li>
<li>Collaborate with L3 Technician to improve SLA with complex diagnostics</li>
<li>Improve support processes, documentation and training materials</li>
<li>Basic level of network tasks, troubleshooting and support</li>
</ul>
<p><strong><span data-contrast="auto"><span data-ccp-charstyle="Strong">We expect you to have:</span></span><span data-ccp-props="{&quot;134233117&quot;:true,&quot;134233118&quot;:true}">&nbsp;</span></strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Knowledge of datacenters, and server equipment</li>
<li>Advanced knowledge of IT hardware and practical experience of troubleshooting</li>
<li>Advanced skills working with the Unix/Linux operating system and command line</li>
<li>Experience with equipment monitoring, data analysis and presentation</li>
<li>Proactiveness and sense of responsibility</li>
<li>High proficiency in spoken and written English</li>
</ul>
<p><strong><span data-contrast="auto"><span data-ccp-charstyle="Strong">It will be </span><span data-ccp-charstyle="Strong">an added bonus</span><span data-ccp-charstyle="Strong"> if you have:</span></span><span data-ccp-props="{&quot;134233117&quot;:true,&quot;134233118&quot;:true}">&nbsp;</span></strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Knowledge of network equipment and troubleshooting in advanced level</li>
<li>Driving license type B</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>What we offer</strong>&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>Competitive salary and comprehensive benefits package.</li>
<li>Opportunities for professional growth within Nebius.</li>
<li>Flexible working arrangements.</li>
<li>A dynamic and collaborative work environment that values initiative and innovation.</li>
</ul>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">We’re growing and expanding our products every day. If you’re up to the challenge and are excited about AI and ML as much as we are, join us!</span></p></div>