***Join the winning team and work with the best!***

With over 40 years of experience and enduring partnerships with our valued clients, we take pride in the stability we have built and the long-term success of our dedicated team. At UASI, we provide coding professionals with an ideal opportunity: an exciting and fulfilling role that challenges you to utilize and enhance your coding expertise, all while enjoying the flexibility and comfort of working from home.

We are currently seeking experienced an experienced Medical Coding Specialist to perform accurate code assignments for facility outpatient, same day surgery and observation records. The ideal candidate will be flexible, detail-oriented, quality conscious and be able to adapt well to change. Additional qualifications include:

* AHIMA or AAPC certification.
* A minimum of five years' outpatient coding experience in an acute care setting is required.
* Experience accurately assigning ICD-10-CM, CPT, and HCPCS codes to a variety of facility outpatient records.
* Experience coding general facility surgery records including complex procedures like heart valves, TVRS, spinal, ortho joint replacements, gastric bypass, transplants etc.
* Experience coding injections and infusions in the observations setting.
* Technical competency with remote-based connectivity including virtual private networks, multi-factor authentication via smartphone, and video conferencing platforms.
* Proficiency with office software including Outlook email for communication, calendar for m  
    
  Please mention the word \*\*MODESTY\*\* and tag RNzkuMTU4LjE4Ni4yMzg= when applying to show you read the job post completely (#RNzkuMTU4LjE4Ni4yMzg=). This is a beta feature to avoid spam applicants. Companies can search these words to find applicants that read this and see they're human.