<h2>Be the voice of Canonical across channels</h2>
<p>Canonical is a leading provider of open source software and operating systems to the global enterprise and technology markets. Our platform, Ubuntu, is very widely used in breakthrough enterprise initiatives such as public cloud, data science, AI, engineering innovation, and IoT. Our customers include the world's leading public cloud and silicon providers, and industry leaders in many sectors. The company is a pioneer of global distributed collaboration, with 1200+ colleagues in 75+ countries and very few office-based roles. Teams meet two to four times yearly in person, in interesting locations around the world, to align on strategy and execution.</p>
<p>The company is founder-led, profitable, and growing.</p>
<p>We are looking for an outstanding colleague to join our communications team as a senior social media specialist.&nbsp; Our brand is part of a global open source ecosystem. We encourage adoption through community engagement. We build credibility and trust through advocacy and thought leadership. The ideal person for this role is driven to develop and implement social media strategies focused on long-term brand equity and differentiation.&nbsp; You will have the opportunity to advance your career with a brand that touches every aspect of the modern technology stack.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Our communication strategy provides a window between the people who make our products and those who use them. With audiences in the millions, our online communities have the opportunity to talk to us, engage with us, provide feedback and be involved in the world of open source.&nbsp;</p>
<p>The ideal candidate is passionate about technology, technology marketing and the use of technology in marketing. They would love to gain experience translating strategy into impact, and collaborating with multiple stakeholders. They enjoy learning and improving themselves, the team and the organization. They problem solve, get hands-on, experiment, measure and use automation and AI to make daily life easier. To succeed in this role, the candidate must be driven, organized and attentive to detail.&nbsp;</p>
<p>This is a senior role reporting to the director of communications.</p>
<p><strong>Location:</strong> <em>This role will be based remotely in the EMEA region.</em></p>
<h2>What your day will look like</h2>
<ul>
<li>Develop and own the communications strategy across multiple channels, with a focus on excellent planning, messaging quality and timely delivery</li>
<li>Deliver regular analysis and reporting on various communications channels, content performance and campaigns results</li>
<li>Support the growth and nurturing of Canonical’s enterprise audience, while increasing product adoption</li>
<li>Develop flair with copywriting and asset creation to create messaging that aligns with the brand and its personality, and drives audiences towards action</li>
<li>Be audience centric and use modern tools to understand market sentiment&nbsp;</li>
<li>Create awareness on integrated campaigns, product launches, webinar series, industry announcements and core content.</li>
<li>Package all of Canonical’s product offerings and educational material creatively, while overseeing distribution strategy and alignment across channels</li>
</ul>
<h2>What we are looking for in you</h2>
<ul>
<li>Understanding of best practices for communications in tech&nbsp;</li>
<li>Deep experience with all major social media platforms with strong creative judgement</li>
<li>Hands-on knowledge of social media management and analytics tools</li>
<li>Interest in mentorship and team development</li>
<li>An analytical eye and the ability to develop measuring frameworks to inform senior decision making</li>
<li>Exceptional interpersonal skills and aptitude for forging trusting relationships across diverse, cross-functional teams to ensure alignment with campaign objectives, paid media strategies and PR/AR initiatives</li>
<li>Excellent verbal and written communication skills, strong content marketer</li>
<li>Proven ability to prioritize and differentiate what matters from the noise, meeting deadlines without sacrificing quality</li>
<li>Process owner for organic social media, establishing standards and leading planning and distribution across channels</li>
<li>Interest in video and production, with some projects or strong thoughts on the use of video in social media</li>
<li>Willingness to travel up to 4 times a year for internal or external events</li>
</ul>
<h2>What we offer you</h2>
<h2>&nbsp;</h2>
<p>Your base pay will depend on various factors including your geographical location, level of experience, knowledge and skills. In addition to the benefits above, certain roles are also eligible for additional benefits and rewards including annual bonuses and sales incentives based on revenue or utilisation. Our compensation philosophy is to ensure equity right across our global workforce.&nbsp;&nbsp;</p>
<p>In addition to a competitive base pay, we provide all team members with additional benefits, which reflect our values and ideals. Please note that additional benefits may apply depending on the work location and, for more information on these, please ask your Talent Partner.</p>
<p>🏠Fully remote working environment - we’ve been working remotely since 2004!<br>📚Personal learning and development budget of 2,000USD per annum<br>💰Annual compensation review<br>🏆Recognition rewards<br>🏝Annual holiday leave<br>👶Parental Leave<br>🧑‍💼Employee Assistance Programme<br>🧳Opportunity to travel to new locations to meet colleagues at ‘sprints’<br>✈️Priority Pass for travel and travel upgrades for long haul company events</p>
<h2><strong>About Canonical</strong></h2>
<p>Canonical is a pioneering tech firm that is at the forefront of the global move to open source. As the company that publishes Ubuntu, one of the most important open source projects and the platform for AI, IoT and the cloud, we are changing the world on a daily basis. We recruit on a global basis and set a very high standard for people joining the company. We expect excellence - in order to succeed, we need to be the best at what we do.</p>
<p>Canonical has been a remote-first company since its inception in 2004.​ Work at Canonical is a step into the future, and will challenge you to think differently, work smarter, learn new skills, and raise your game. Canonical provides a unique window into the world of 21st-century digital business.</p>
<h2><strong>Canonical is an equal opportunity employer</strong></h2>
<p>We are proud to foster a workplace free from discrimination. Diversity of experience, perspectives, and background create a better work environment and better products. <a href="https://canonical.com/careers/diversity/identity">Whatever your identity, we will give your application fair consideration.</a></p>
<p>#LI-remote&nbsp;</p>