<div class="content-intro"><p><strong data-stringify-type="bold">Why work at Nebius<br></strong>Nebius is leading a new era in cloud computing to serve the global AI economy. We create the tools and resources our customers need to solve real-world challenges and transform industries, without massive infrastructure costs or the need to build large in-house AI/ML teams. Our employees work at the cutting edge of AI cloud infrastructure alongside some of the most experienced and innovative leaders and engineers in the field.</p>
<p><strong>Where we work<br></strong>Headquartered in Amsterdam and listed on Nasdaq, Nebius has a global footprint with R&amp;D hubs across Europe, North America, and Israel. The team of over 1400 employees includes more than 400 highly skilled engineers with deep expertise across hardware and software engineering, as well as an in-house AI R&amp;D team.</p></div><p><strong>Summary:</strong></p>
<p><strong>Location</strong>: Amsterdam<br><strong>Duration</strong>: 3 months<br><strong>Start date</strong>: June 2026&nbsp;<br><strong>Compensation</strong>: Paid<br><strong>Eligibility</strong>: Current University student (Computer Science or related field), Recent Graduate or Early Career specialist<br><strong>Work authorization</strong>: Permitted to work in the job’s location</p>
<h3><strong><span data-contrast="auto"><br>The role</span></strong></h3>
<p data-start="329" data-end="719">You’ll work alongside experienced engineers, learn how high-performance backend systems are designed and operated and contribute code that runs in real environments used by customers worldwide. You’ll get hands-on experience with modern backend technologies, scalable architectures and engineering best practices in a team that works at the cutting edge of AI cloud infrastructure.</p>
<p><strong>We expect you to have:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li data-start="946" data-end="1030">Knowledge of at least one programming language (Go, Java, Python or С++).</li>
<li data-start="1033" data-end="1088">Understanding of basic algorithms and data structures.</li>
<li data-start="1091" data-end="1160">Strong motivation to learn, grow and develop as a backend engineer.</li>
<li data-start="1163" data-end="1223">Willingness to work with complex systems and ask questions.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>What we offer:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Competitive salary and comprehensive benefits package.</li>
<li>Mentorship from experienced AI, ML, and cloud infrastructure professionals.</li>
<li>Hands-on experience with real customer workloads and production systems.</li>
<li>Opportunities for professional growth within Nebius.</li>
<li>A dynamic and collaborative work environment that values initiative and innovation.</li>
<li>Opportunity to be considered for a full-time role after the Early Talent Program.</li>
</ul>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">We’re growing and expanding our products every day. If you’re up to the challenge and are excited about AI and ML as much as we are, join us!</span></p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>What we offer</strong>&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>Competitive salary and comprehensive benefits package.</li>
<li>Opportunities for professional growth within Nebius.</li>
<li>Flexible working arrangements.</li>
<li>A dynamic and collaborative work environment that values initiative and innovation.</li>
</ul>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">We’re growing and expanding our products every day. If you’re up to the challenge and are excited about AI and ML as much as we are, join us!</span></p></div>