<div class="content-intro"><p><strong data-stringify-type="bold">Why work at Nebius<br></strong>Nebius is leading a new era in cloud computing to serve the global AI economy. We create the tools and resources our customers need to solve real-world challenges and transform industries, without massive infrastructure costs or the need to build large in-house AI/ML teams. Our employees work at the cutting edge of AI cloud infrastructure alongside some of the most experienced and innovative leaders and engineers in the field.</p>
<p><strong>Where we work<br></strong>Headquartered in Amsterdam and listed on Nasdaq, Nebius has a global footprint with R&amp;D hubs across Europe, North America, and Israel. The team of over 1400 employees includes more than 400 highly skilled engineers with deep expertise across hardware and software engineering, as well as an in-house AI R&amp;D team.</p></div><h3><strong><span data-contrast="auto">The role</span></strong><span data-ccp-props="{}">&nbsp;</span></h3>
<p>We’re building Nebius Token Factory — an AI inference platform that powers high-performance, cost-efficient workloads at scale. As a <strong>Senior Technical Product Manager</strong>, you’ll own one of our core product streams and drive it end to end: from roadmap and design to launch and adoption of features our customers rely on.</p>
<p>You are welcome to work remote from the <strong>UK</strong>, or hybrid from our <strong>Amsterdam </strong>location.</p>
<p><strong><span data-ccp-props="{&quot;335559685&quot;:720,&quot;335559991&quot;:360}"><span class="TextRun MacChromeBold SCXW95146830 BCX0" lang="EN-US" data-contrast="auto"><span class="NormalTextRun SCXW95146830 BCX0" data-ccp-charstyle="Strong">Your responsibilities will include:</span></span><span class="EOP SCXW95146830 BCX0" data-ccp-props="{&quot;134233117&quot;:true,&quot;134233118&quot;:true}">&nbsp;</span></span></strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Own the product roadmap, delivery and developer experience for one of our flagship product direction - Dedicated Endpoints for AI Models Inference</li>
<li>Partner with engineering and research to design tools that let customers run large-scale, high-load inference workloads efficiently.</li>
<li>Support sales &amp; customers by preparing materials, leading PoCs/betas, and ensuring smooth onboarding of complex workloads.</li>
<li>Drive product–market fit through continuous user research, customer interviews, and market &amp; competitive analysis</li>
<li>Manage technical partnerships and ensure integrations deliver measurable value despite limited resources.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong><span data-contrast="auto"><span data-ccp-charstyle="Strong">We expect you to have:</span></span><span data-ccp-props="{&quot;134233117&quot;:true,&quot;134233118&quot;:true}">&nbsp;</span></strong></p>
<ul>
<li><strong>3–5 years </strong>of product management experience, shipping technical products with 10–15+ cross-functional stakeholders(engineering, research, design, support, marketing, legal, leadership).</li>
<li><strong>Hands-on mindset </strong>— a power user of your own product, comfortable diving into:<br>&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;AIOps lifecycle: inference, experimentation, evaluation, fine-tuning, deployment<br>&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Cloud-native and DevOps tooling<br>&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Distributed systems and production infrastructure</li>
<li><strong>Excellent execution and project management skills</strong> — roadmaps, milestones, ownership, Agile processes, sprints, and change management (without creating chaos).</li>
<li><strong>Outstanding communication </strong>— able to write crisp PRDs, RFCs, runbooks, and release notes; articulate constraints and trade-offs clearly to technical and non-technical teams.</li>
<li><strong>Technical fluency </strong>— able to speak the same language as engineering, define precise requirements, understand constraints, and make sensible trade-offs grounded in reality.</li>
<li><strong>B2B SaaS experience</strong>, ideally working with enterprise customers and technical buyer personas.</li>
<li><strong>Customer-obsessed </strong>— proactive in uncovering needs, understanding customer AI strategy, and ensuring our product becomes essential in their stack.</li>
<li><strong>Bias toward action </strong>— runs problems end-to-end without waiting for instruction, even with incomplete data.</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>What we offer</strong>&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>Competitive salary and comprehensive benefits package.</li>
<li>Opportunities for professional growth within Nebius.</li>
<li>Flexible working arrangements.</li>
<li>A dynamic and collaborative work environment that values initiative and innovation.</li>
</ul>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">We’re growing and expanding our products every day. If you’re up to the challenge and are excited about AI and ML as much as we are, join us!</span></p></div>