<h2><strong>Who we are</strong></h2>
<h3><strong>About Stripe</strong></h3>
<p>Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies - from the world’s largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups - use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyone's reach while doing the most important work of your career.</p>
<h3><strong>About the team</strong></h3>
<p>Global Partnership’s North Star is to drive outsized growth for 1/ our users, by enabling Stripe products and expanding into new markets via partnerships, 2/ Stripe, by creating value across partner distribution and margin optimization, and 3/ our partners, by serving as an unparalleled distribution engine for their business.</p>
<p>Strategy and Operations works cross functionally within our group and across Stripe to drive and enable the growth of the business. We lead mission critical, cross-functional efforts, deliver objective analysis and insights, incubate new roles, and execute on strategic initiatives. You may dig into winning new market segments, design new business systems and processes to scale our group, help us build and launch new partnerships, or unlock new revenue opportunities.</p>
<h2><strong>What you’ll do&nbsp;</strong></h2>
<p>In this role, you will work cross-functionally within our group and across Stripe’s technical and user-facing teams to solve problems that benefit our users. Specifically:</p>
<ul>
<li>Work on Global Partnership’s APAC strategy projects and collaborate with teams to implement changes</li>
<li>Partner directly with senior leaders and cross functional teams to accelerate progress, develop new operating models, and incubate new programs, especially with our Expansion Partnerships and APAC Banks teams.</li>
<li>Coordinate annual and long-range planning efforts across teams within Partnerships and drive alignment with partner teams like product and GTM to ensure a cohesive approach to planning.</li>
<li>Track projects, timelines and commitments on internal projects and customer deliverables</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Who you are</strong></h2>
<p>We're looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.</p>
<h3><strong>Minimum requirements</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>7+ years of experience in strategy &amp; operations, product strategy, product management, or similar roles at technology companies&nbsp;</li>
<li>Experience working in highly cross-functional settings, and in a role that spans strategy, product, analysis, and operations in a fast-paced environment</li>
<li>Critical thinking and first-principles thinking (e.g., ability to question <em>how</em> we are working rather than simply executing), and the ability to zoom out to the most important questions&nbsp;&nbsp;</li>
<li>Passion for digging deep into data and problem-solving</li>
<li>Strong program management skills with experience managing end-to-end execution of projects/programs that have transformed their company’s operations and delivered quantifiable business impact</li>
<li>Excellent written and verbal communication with the the ability to speak to leaders across different teams, such as partnerships, product, engineering, and sales&nbsp;</li>
<li>Demonstrated ability to thrive in influence without authority environments</li>
<li>Good balance of business and technical acumen</li>
<li>An ability to execute with minimal guidance, and in contexts with a high degree of ambiguity</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>Preferred qualifications&nbsp;</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Payments ecosystem or experience in a partnerships org is a plus.</li>
<li>Ability to build trust and partner with senior leaders</li>
<li>Experience driving creative solutions with and effectively informing the roadmap of cross-functional teams&nbsp;</li>
<li>Ability to understand the implications of Stripe ships such as product features, policy changes, and marketing outreach on the user experience and resulting support experience</li>
</ul>