<h2 id="Who-we-are" data-renderer-start-pos="1">Who we are</h2>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="13">Helsing is a defence AI company with the mission is to protect our liberal democracies. We aim to achieve technological leadership, so that open societies can continue to make sovereign decisions and control their ethical standards. We believe we have a responsibility to be thoughtful about the development and deployment of powerful technologies like AI and take this responsibility seriously.&nbsp;</p>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="411">We are an ambitious and committed team of software and deployment engineers, AI specialists and customer-facing programme managers.&nbsp;We are looking for mission-driven people to join our European teams – and apply their skills to solve the most complex and impactful problems today.</p>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="693">We embrace an open and transparent culture that welcomes healthy debates on the use of technology in defence, its benefits, and its ethical implications.&nbsp;</p>
<h2 id="The-role" data-renderer-start-pos="849">The role</h2>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="859">At Helsing, we deliver AI-based capabilities and the enabling foundation that allow machines to perceive and assist human decision-making.</p>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="859">You will have the unique opportunity to shape AI capabilities in one of the most challenging sectors, where high generalisation capabilities need to be paired with hardware constraints and robustness against adversarial attacks.</p>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="1227">You will be part of a signal processing team, where you will build in-house solutions for signal processing problems that we face, in the <a href="https://helsing.ai/cirra" target="\_blank">sky </a>or <a href="https://helsing.ai/lura" target="\_blank">underwater</a>.</p>
<h2 id="The-day-to-day" data-renderer-start-pos="1384">The day-to-day</h2>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="1400">You will develop and extend the state-of-the-art in signal processing, applying and deploying the technology in real-world scenarios.</p>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="1400">You will contribute to projects and will collaborate with people across several teams and backgrounds.</p>
<h2 id="You-should-apply-if-you" data-renderer-start-pos="1638">You should apply if you</h2>
<ul class="ak-ul" data-indent-level="1">
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="1665">Hold an MSc in signal processing, machine learning, robotics, communication engineering or related field with experience in conceptualising, implementing and thoroughly evaluating advanced AI-based systems</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="1872">Have excellent communication skills and the ability to report and present research findings clearly and efficiently both internally and externally</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="2023">Are passionate about keeping up to date with current research and enjoy reimplementing / extending the state-of-the art in ML/AI</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="2156">Possess solid software engineering skills, writing clean and well-structured code in Python and/or languages like Rust, Java, or modern C++</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="2300"><em data-renderer-mark="true">Note: We operate at an intersection where women, as well as other minority groups, are systematically under-represented. We encourage you to apply even if you don’t meet all the listed qualifications; ability and impact cannot be summarised in a few bullet points.</em></p>
<h2 id="Nice-to-have" data-renderer-start-pos="2514"><strong>Nice to have</strong></h2>
<ul class="ak-ul" data-indent-level="1">
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="2530">A PhD in signal processing, machine learning, robotics, communication engineering or related field and have authored publications in top-tier journals and conferences</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="2699">Experience with implementing signal processing algorithms, time frequency analysis, parameter estimation</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="2808">Experience deploying AI software to production including testing, quality assurance, and monitoring</p>
</li>
</ul>
<h2 id="Join-Helsing-and-work-with-world-leading-experts-in-their-fields" data-renderer-start-pos="2912">Join Helsing and work with world-leading experts in their fields</h2>
<ul class="ak-ul" data-indent-level="1">
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="2980">Helsing’s work is important. You’ll be directly contributing to the protection of democratic countries while balancing both ethical and geopolitical concerns</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="3143">The work is unique. We operate in a domain that has highly unusual technical requirements and constraints, and where robustness, safety, and ethical considerations are vital. You will face unique Engineering and AI challenges that make a meaningful impact in the world</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="3417">Our work frequently takes us right up to the state of the art in technical innovation, be it reinforcement learning, distributed systems, generative AI, or deployment infrastructure. The defence industry is entering the most exciting phase of the technological development curve. Advances in our field of world are not incremental: Helsing is part of, and often leading, historic leaps forward</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="3816">In our domain, success is a matter of order-of-magnitude improvements and novel capabilities. This means we take bets, aim high, and focus on big opportunities. Despite being a relatively young company, Helsing has already been selected for multiple significant government contracts</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="4105">We actively encourage healthy, proactive, and diverse debate internally about what we do and how we choose to do it. Teams and individual engineers are trusted (and encouraged) to practise responsible autonomy and critical thinking, and to focus on outcomes, not conformity. At Helsing you will have a say in how we (and you!) work, the opportunity to engage on what does and doesn’t work, and to take ownership of aspects of our culture that you care deeply about</p>
</li>
</ul>
<h2 id="What-we-offer" data-renderer-start-pos="4575">What we offer</h2>
<ul>
<li>
<p><strong>Competitive salary </strong>and<strong> stock options (ESOP)</strong></p>
</li>
<li>
<p><strong>Relocation support</strong>: up to €2,500 and 4 weeks temporary accommodation</p>
</li>
<li>
<p><strong>Learning</strong>: €500/£450 yearly allowance</p>
</li>
<li>
<p><strong>Health &amp; wellness</strong>: gym membership and mental health support (Nilo.health)</p>
</li>
<li>
<p><strong>Social</strong>: regular company events and monthly social allowances</p>
</li>
<li>
<p><strong>Enhanced parental leave</strong>: 22 weeks fully paid for primary caregivers &amp; 6 weeks for secondary caregivers</p>
</li>
<li>
<p><strong>Family support:</strong> 5 days of paid family emergency leave, 100% remote work option during pregnancy and phased return to work</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p><em>These are the core benefits across all locations, there may be additional benefits in certain locations.</em></p>
<p><em data-renderer-mark="true">Helsing is an equal opportunities employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, religion, sexual orientation, age, marital status, disability or gender identity. Please do not submit personal data revealing racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, trade union membership, data concerning your health, or data concerning your sexual orientation.</em></p>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="5154">&nbsp;</p><div class="content-conclusion"><div>&nbsp;</div>
<div>Helsing's Candidate Privacy and Confidentiality Regime can be found <a href="https://helsing.ai/candidate-privacy-and-confidentiality-regime/" target="\_blank">here</a>.&nbsp;</div>
<div>&nbsp;</div>
<div>&nbsp;</div></div>