<div class="content-intro"><p><strong>Who we are&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>At Twilio, we’re shaping the future of communications, all from the comfort of our homes. We deliver innovative solutions to<a class="c-link" href="https://customers.twilio.com/" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://customers.twilio.com/" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">&nbsp;hundreds of thousands of businesses&nbsp;</a>and empower millions of developers worldwide to craft personalized customer experiences.</p>
<p>Our dedication to <a class="c-link" href="https://www.twilio.com/en-us/blog/open-work" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://www.twilio.com/en-us/blog/open-work" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">remote-first work</a>, and strong culture of connection and global inclusion means that no matter your location, you’re part of a vibrant team with diverse experiences making a global impact each day. As we continue to revolutionize how the world interacts, we’re acquiring new skills and experiences that make work feel truly rewarding. Your career at Twilio is in your hands.<br><br>We use Artificial Intelligence (AI) to help make our hiring process efficient. That said, every hiring decision is made by real Twilions!</p>
<p><span style="color: rgb(255, 255, 255);">.</span></p></div><p><strong>See yourself at Twilio</strong></p>
<p>Join the team as Twilio’s next <span style="text-decoration: underline;"><strong>Senior Solutions Engineer - APJ</strong></span> on Twilio’s <span style="text-decoration: underline;"><em>Digital Sales Communications</em></span> team!</p>
<p><strong>About the job</strong></p>
<p>This position is needed to enable our customers to build the future of communications. The Senior Solutions Engineer is a critical part of the sales team focused on our Digital Sales segment.</p>
<p>Twilio’s Senior Solutions Engineers are responsible for delivering the Technical Win and best Product Fit to our customers.They lead the technical pre-sales relationship, drive technical discovery, propose technical architectures, demonstrate the product, anticipate concerns and offer creative solutions. They build customer trust in Twilio’s solutions.</p>
<p>Senior Solutions Engineers should be comfortable engaging with mid-level managers or sketching out an API flow on a whiteboard with customer software engineers.</p>
<p>As a Senior Solutions Engineer you will be able to fully and independently run low to mid-complexity opportunities. You will have exposure to all aspects of a deal and will work towards comprehensive knowledge of both our technology and elements of the deal cycle. Additionally, you will take the initiative in identifying and resolving issues that can improve the overall efficiency and effectiveness of the team. In doing so, you may lead the design and execution of small to medium technical projects with limited oversight.</p>
<p><strong>Responsibilities</strong></p>
<p>In this role, you’ll:</p>
<ul>
<li>Partner with Account Executives to execute pre-sales activities including opportunity qualification, demonstrations, Proof-of-Concept, RFP, design documentation, technical presentations and enablement sessions.</li>
<li>Help customers achieve success by leading the technical and product sale, recommending best-practice solutions, and guiding them on how to use Twilio’s APIs.</li>
<li>Establish yourself as a trusted advisor to our customers, by taking the lead on understanding customer technical pains through discovery in order to design, demonstrate, and present innovative solutions that solve business challenges.</li>
<li>Build and present highly interactive, complex and engaging customer product demonstrations to help showcase the capabilities of Twilio’s Communications Products, while effectively forming strong customer relationships with both technical and nontechnical stakeholders.</li>
<li>Be Hands-on, high-energy, passionate, and a creative problem solver, equipped with the knowledge of how to get things done and ability to lead others to success.</li>
<li>Take the initiative to identify and solve problems - both for the customer and within the organization as we grow.</li>
<li>Contribute to the broader Twilio Solutions Engineering community through knowledge sharing, constructing demonstration materials, and creating reusable presentations.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Qualifications&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>Twilio values diverse experiences from all kinds of industries, and we encourage everyone who meets the required qualifications to apply. If your career is just starting or hasn't followed a traditional path, don't let that stop you from considering Twilio. We are always looking for people who will bring something new to the table!</p>
<p><strong>\*Required:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>5+ years pre-sales experience selling complex, technical products or 6+ years of professional experience supporting technical products coupled with customer facing experience, particularly in delivery or consulting.</li>
<li>Excellent communicator and presenter able to gain audience confidence.</li>
<li>An engaging storyteller - you can gain audience confidence and communicate complex topics to multiple levels of audience.</li>
<li>Ability to build a deep understanding of a customer’s communications needs and guide them to a technical solution.</li>
<li>Previous software development experience or working knowledge in one or more of the following areas:
<ul>
<li>Backend (Java, C#, Node.js, Python, PHP)</li>
<li>Web development (JavaScript, HTML/CSS, frontend frameworks - React, Vue.js, Angular)</li>
<li>Experience building with REST APIs.</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Bachelor’s and/or Master’s degree in a technical discipline (Engineering, Mathematics, Computer Science) or equivalent practical experience.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Desired:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Familiarity with cloud platforms (Amazon Web Services, Google Cloud, Microsoft Azure) and cloud application architecture.</li>
<li>Previous experience in Telecom, SIP, Contact Center, or Security is a plus.</li>
<li>Experience with sales methodologies.&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Location</strong></p>
<p>This role will be <strong>Remote</strong>, and based in <span style="text-decoration: underline;">Australia</span>, <span style="text-decoration: underline;">Japan</span> or <span style="text-decoration: underline;">Singapore</span>.</p>
<p><strong>Travel&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>We prioritize connection and opportunities to build relationships with our customers and each other. For this role, approximately <span style="text-decoration: underline;"><strong>10%</strong></span> travel is anticipated to help you connect in-person in a meaningful way.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>What We Offer</strong></p>
<p>Working at Twilio offers many benefits, including competitive pay, generous time off, ample parental and wellness leave, healthcare, a retirement savings program, and much more. Offerings vary by location.</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>Twilio thinks big. Do you?</strong></p>
<p>We like to solve problems, take initiative, pitch in when needed, and are always up for trying new things. That's why we seek out colleagues who embody our values — something we call <a href="https://www.twilio.com/company/values">Twilio Magic</a>. Additionally, we empower employees to build <a href="https://twilio.org/support-and-resources/impact-fund">positive change in their communities</a> by supporting their volunteering and donation efforts.</p>
<p>So, if you're ready to unleash your full potential, do your best work, and be the best version of yourself, apply now! If this role isn't what you're looking for, <a href="https://www.twilio.com/company/jobs#open-positions">please consider other open positions.</a></p>
<p><strong>Twilio is proud to be an equal opportunity employer.</strong> We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, reproductive health decisions, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, genetic information, political views or activity, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Qualified applicants with arrest or conviction records will be considered for employment in accordance with the Los Angeles County Fair Chance Ordinance for Employers and the California Fair Chance Act. Additionally, Twilio participates in the E-Verify program in certain locations, as required by law.</p></div>