<p><strong>Payroll Specialist&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p><strong>About the Role</strong><strong><br></strong>Become part of a dynamic team supporting the latest AI-driven technology in the financial services industry, helping clients manage and optimize their retirement plans.</p>
<p><strong><em>Day-to-day you will be expected to:</em></strong></p>
<p>A key component of our client’s mission to empower retirement savings includes effortless plan</p>
<p>onboarding and ongoing plan administration. You will support coordination of payroll systems setup, to ensure implementation is frictionless.</p>
<p><strong>This will include:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Referencing existing documentation on payroll systems.</li>
<li>Ensuring action items are completed in a timely manner.</li>
<li>Increasing client speed to complete onboarding through successful completion of project tasks.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Requirements:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Keen attention to detail and deadlines</li>
<li>Strong ability to follow written and verbal instructions</li>
<li>Fluency in English both written and spoken</li>
<li>Experience in operations or administrative roles is a plus, but not required. What’s most important is your ability to quickly understand new concepts and your passion for the work.</li>
<li>Experience with collaboration, project management, and CRM tools such as Google Workspace, Slack, Salesforce, and Jira/Confluence</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Qualities and Skills:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Good organizational skills.</li>
<li>A quick learner.</li>
<li>Regularly seeking understanding by frequently asking questions.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Hours:</strong></p>
<p>40 hours per week</p>
<p>9-5pm US-ET</p>
<p><strong>Must be able to work US-East Coast/New York Time Zone</strong></p>
<p><strong>Compensation</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Type: Hourly</li>
<li>Rate: $5/hour</li>
</ul>
<p>Employment type: Contract<br>Workplace type: Remote</p>