<p>Canonical is a leading provider of open source software and operating systems to the global enterprise and technology markets. Our platform, Ubuntu, is very widely used in breakthrough enterprise initiatives such as public cloud, data science, AI, engineering innovation, and IoT. Our customers include the world's leading public cloud and silicon providers, and industry leaders in many sectors. The company is a pioneer of global distributed collaboration, with 1200+ colleagues in 75+ countries and very few office-based roles. Teams meet two to four times yearly in person, in interesting locations around the world, to align on strategy and execution.</p>
<p>The company is founder-led, profitable, and growing.</p>
<p>We are hiring a&nbsp;<strong>Senior Site Reliability / Gitops Engineer</strong> to our Information Systems (IS) team. <span style="font-weight: 400;">This role is an opportunity for an “automation-first” senior technologist</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> with a passion for Linux to build a career with Canonical and drive the success with those leveraging Ubuntu and open source products.&nbsp; If you have experience of IT operations automation, Infrastructure as Code and a passion for technology, then you will enjoy working with some of the best people in the industry at Canonical.</span></p>
<h2><strong>Job Summary</strong></h2>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">The IS team at Canonical supports and maintains all of Canonical’s IT production services. The team is in charge of running services used by over 60 million Ubuntu users.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">As an Senior SRE &amp; Gitops engineer you’ll be in a unique position to drive operations automation to the next level, both in our own private clouds as well as in the public clouds. We do this by utilizing the best of open source infrastructure as code software, software development practices such as CI/CD pipelines, and Canonical’s leading products for software operation automation.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">In addition to defining the infrastructure as code, you will improve Canonical products and the open-source technologies they’re based on by providing critical feedback to developers on how their products operate at scale. This is done by submitting bugs (and sometimes writing pull requests) and collaborating on design and implementations with other teams within the company.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">You’ll be part of a global team of SREs that work together and support each other to provide the best possible services to our company, Canonical’s customers and the Ubuntu Community.</span></p>
<h2><strong>As a Senior Site Reliability / Gitops Engineer you will</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Drive the development of automation, Gitops in your team as an embedded tech lead</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Closely collaborate with the IS architect to align your solutions with the IS architecture vision</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Design and architect services that IS can offer to the organization as products</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Apply your experience of IaC to develop infrastructure as code practice within IS by constantly increasing automation and improving IaC processes</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Automate software operations for re-usability and consistency across private and public clouds, taking into consideration the complexities of distributed systems</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Maintain operational responsibility for all of Canonical’s core services, networks, and infrastructure</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Develop skills in troubleshooting, capacity planning, and performance investigation, Setting up, maintaining and using observability tools such as Prometheus, Grafana, and Elasticsearch; design, implement and maintain monitoring and alerting for various systems and services</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Provide assistance and work with globally distributed engineering, operations, and support peers</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Be given uninterrupted development time to focus on larger projects and automation of manual tasks</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Share your experience, know-how and best practices with other team members in design sessions, mentorship and ‘doing work together’</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Carry final responsibility for time-critical escalations</span></li>
</ul>
<h2><span style="font-weight: 400;">What we are looking for in you</span></h2>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">A modern view on hosting architecture, driven by infrastructure as code across both private and public clouds.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">A product mindset thriving to develop products rather than solutions.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Python software development experience, with large projects</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Experience working with Kubernetes or other container orchestration systems.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Proven exposure to manage and deploy cloud infrastructure with code.&nbsp;&nbsp;</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Practical knowledge of Linux networking, routing, and firewalls</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Affinity with various forms of Linux storage, from Ceph to Databases</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Hands-on experience administering enterprise Linux servers</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Extensive knowledge of cloud computing concepts and technologies</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Bachelor's degree or greater, preferably in computer science or related engineering field</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Able to communicate clearly and effectively in English over email, chat, video or voice calls and in-person</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Motivated and able to troubleshoot from kernel to web, and willing to ask others when appropriate</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">A willingness to be flexible and able to learn new things quickly</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Be inspired by the needs of fast-changing environments</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Happy to work within distributed teams</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Be passionate and familiarized about open-source, especially Ubuntu or Debian</span></li>
</ul>
<h1>What we offer colleagues</h1>
<p>We consider geographical location, experience, and performance in shaping compensation worldwide. We revisit compensation annually (and more often for graduates and associates) to ensure we recognize outstanding performance. In addition to base pay, we offer a performance-driven annual bonus or commission. We provide all team members with additional benefits which reflect our values and ideals. We balance our programs to meet local needs and ensure fairness globally.</p>
<ul>
<li>Distributed work environment with twice-yearly team sprints in person</li>
<li>Personal learning and development budget of USD 2,000 per year</li>
<li>Annual compensation review</li>
<li>Recognition rewards</li>
<li>Annual holiday leave</li>
<li>Maternity and paternity leave</li>
<li>Team Member Assistance Program &amp; Wellness Platform</li>
<li>Opportunity to travel to new locations to meet colleagues</li>
<li>Priority Pass and travel upgrades for long-haul company events</li>
</ul>
<h1>About Canonical</h1>
<p>Canonical is a pioneering tech firm at the forefront of the global move to open source. As the company that publishes Ubuntu, one of the most important open-source projects and the platform for AI, IoT, and the cloud, we are changing the world of software. We recruit on a global basis and set a very high standard for people joining the company. We expect excellence; in order to succeed, we need to be the best at what we do. Most colleagues at Canonical have worked from home since our inception in 2004.​ Working here is a step into the future and will challenge you to think differently, work smarter, learn new skills, and raise your game.</p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are proud to foster a workplace free from discrimination. Diversity of experience, perspectives, and background create a better work environment and better products. </span><a href="https://canonical.com/careers/diversity/identity"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Whatever your identity, we will give your application fair consideration.</span></a></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">#LI-remote&nbsp;</span></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>