<div class="content-intro"><p>LogicGate® is the leading AI GRC platform for the Enterprise, helping governance, risk, and compliance teams limit surprises, strengthen resilience, augment program performance, and confidently quantify impact and business value. Built to provide a centralized view of risk and compliance, with AI intelligence woven into the platform's core, LogicGate delivers real-time insights and actionable data to help drive current business decisions, with the flexibility to scale alongside evolving business needs. Recognized as a Leader in the GRC Market, LogicGate continues to further solidify its position as a best-in-class platform.</p>
<p>At LogicGate, our people are the foundation of everything we do. We are committed to delivering an exceptional experience for our employees and our customers by empowering and enabling our people to take ownership, make an impact, and deliver their best work.</p></div><p>We are seeking an Account Executive based near London with a passion for novel technology in big markets. You’ll target mid-market organisations and large enterprises in all verticals with a focus on their GRC programs. We are disrupting the GRC and BPM software industries by providing a solution end users can self-manage, saving enterprises huge amounts of time and money and you’ll focus on identifying target accounts and bringing them through the full sales process.</p>
<p>How you’ll spend your time:&nbsp;&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>Strategically developing a territory plan for a targeted list of accounts in Salesforce leveraging best in class sales technology including marketing automation, buyer intent signals, pipeline analytics, and more!</li>
<li>Generating new business pipeline primarily by cold prospecting through partner collaborations, social communication, email and phone calls.</li>
<li>Form strategic sales plan to target use cases within industry verticals.</li>
<li>Taking a customer through the full lifecycle of an opportunity including qualification/ discovery, demo working with a dedicated Solutions Engineer, building relationships within an organization, proposal, negotiation, and close.</li>
<li>Being an advocate for our customers. Actively listening to understand their goals and share these potential opportunities with our product team.</li>
<li>Leveraging sales enablement tools to effectively measure activities and develop best practices. Continuously refining and improving on sales activities.</li>
<li>Consulting and advising our customers on best practices for their use case on the LogicGate platform.</li>
<li>Deliver world class customer service in every customer interaction</li>
</ul>
<p>We get excited about you if you have:&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>Proven sales experience. You will ideally have 5+ years of selling B2B SaaS to CISO’s and GRC Teams</li>
<li>Consistently exceeded quarterly quotas by leveraging the MEDDPICC framework to identify high-value stakeholders and neutralize deal risks</li>
<li>Curiosity and the desire to understand our customer’s problems – and effectively communicate how LogicGate can add value.</li>
<li>Great listening skills, as well as humility. We won’t be the right solution all the time for every organization, so we believe in understanding customer needs first before we make our pitch.</li>
<li>A tech savvy seller – can quickly pick up new technology and understands our platform front and back. Previous experience in BPM or GRC software is a huge plus.</li>
<li>Great people skills. Ability to quickly understand your audience and tailor the right message to them, typically via web conference.</li>
<li>Excitement to build lasting relationships. Someone who is in it for the long term and understands the value in building trust with customers.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>LogicGate’s Hybrid Workplace</strong></p>
<p>Our hybrid workplace allows for flexibility aligned to role responsibilities and exceptional customer delivery. Location requirements for this role can be found above.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Total Rewards&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>Our Total Rewards Package is designed to support you both at work and outside of it. In addition to offering competitive salary, variable compensation (bonus), equity and health and wellness benefits, we are proud to offer generous Paid Holiday, 9 Annual Bank Holidays, Summer Fridays, allowing you time to recharge and relax. We are focused on and invested in career development and learning opportunities including access to LinkedIn Learning, regular People Leader training, our internal Mentorship Program, and annual Continued Education Program.</p>
<p><strong>Our Culture</strong></p>
<p>At LogicGate, our culture and employee experience are grounded in our core values of Be as One, Do the Right Thing, Embrace Curiosity, Own It, Empower Customers, and Raise the Bar, which guide how we show up - for each other, our customers, and all we interact with.</p>
<p>We believe that the strongest teams are made up of individuals who bring their different identities, experiences, and perspectives to the table. We are committed to fostering an inclusive work environment where all employees’ differences are celebrated and everyone is encouraged to bring their authentic selves to work.</p>
<p>We encourage everyone to join one of our Employee Resource Groups (AAPI @ LogicGate, Pride at LogicGate, and Women in LogicGate) to participate in and contribute to conversations that foster an inclusive culture.</p>
<p>LogicGate also believes strongly in giving back to the communities in which we live and work. To enable our teams to give back, we offer paid volunteer hours and company-wide charitable activities supporting a variety of organizations and causes.</p>
<p>We are proud to have been recognized as a top workplace by Built In, Crain’s Chicago Business, the Chicago Tribune, and more. Visit&nbsp;<a href="https://www.logicgate.com/about-us/news-at-logicgate/#filter=">our website</a>&nbsp;to learn about our latest recognition.</p>
<p>Learn more about our culture&nbsp;<a href="https://builtin.com/company/logicgate/office-culture">here</a>.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Excited about LogicGate but not familiar with GRC?&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>GRC stands for Governance, Risk, and Compliance</li>
<li>GRC professionals help their companies manage uncertainty, act with integrity, and stay on the right side of the law.&nbsp;</li>
<li>The GRC market is rapidly expanding with continuous growth opportunities. The current market size was valued at $50.5 billion in 2024 and is projected to reach $104.5 billion by 2031.</li>
</ul>