<p>Canonical is a leading provider of open source software and operating systems to the global enterprise and technology markets. Our platform, Ubuntu, is very widely used in breakthrough enterprise initiatives such as public cloud, data science, AI, engineering innovation, and IoT. Our customers include the world's leading public cloud and silicon providers, and industry leaders in many sectors. The company is a pioneer of global distributed collaboration, with 1200+ colleagues in 75+ countries and very few office-based roles. Teams meet two to four times yearly in person, in interesting locations around the world, to align on strategy and execution.</p>
<p>The company is founder-led, profitable, and growing.</p>
<p>Our mission is to reinvent the way companies manage their open source information systems - on public clouds and in their own data centers. To achieve that we are building a new community around Python opscode for open source applications, running on Kubernetes. We want to move all of Canonical and Ubuntu IS onto this new, open source codebase.</p>
<p>We are confident that we can dramatically improve the experience of running complex business operations - and then we can help our customers embrace those new techniques and products. Traditionally, IS is an inward-facing operation. We would like to transform our IS team into an extension of the product engineering capability at Canonical. Our internal workloads are in many cases the same open source workloads that our customers want to operate. This team will productize those workloads for real-time automated operations on Kubernetes.</p>
<p>This role is ideal for software engineers who enjoy Python, have a passion for distributed systems, and an interest in the entire Linux stack - from kernel to networking to virtualization and containers. It is a role that requires rigor in both code and customer interactions. Our engineers are technically astute open source enthusiasts who are excited about cloud computing and are ready to join a global team charged with delivering world class services to our customers.</p>
<p>Strong Python development skills and familiarity with Kubernetes are key requirements of this role. You’ll work closely with other teams in Canonical to ensure your products operate reliably, efficiently and scale to production sized workloads for our customers looking to adopt cutting-edge technology. You will participate and be responsible for ensuring sound software architecture and follow best practices in software quality, testing and documentation.</p>
<h3><strong>The role entails</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Work in Python to design and deliver open source software operations code</li>
<li>Work across the entire Linux stack, from kernel, networking, storage, to applications</li>
<li>Learn to think rigorously about application and infrastructure reliability</li>
<li>Shape high quality open source monitoring and alerting infrastructure</li>
<li>Simplify open source operations for our customers and open source community</li>
<li>Demonstrate sound engineering design and testing principles in your code</li>
<li>Follow agile software development practices</li>
<li>Coach and develop your colleagues where you have insights</li>
<li>Grow a healthy, collaborative engineering culture in line with company values</li>
<li>Work from home with global travel once or twice a year for up to 2 weeks for events</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>What we are looking for in you</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>You love technology and working with brilliant people</li>
<li>You have a Bachelor’s or equivalent in Computer Science, STEM or similar degree</li>
<li>You are experienced with Linux systems administration, package management, and operations</li>
<li>You have hands-on experience with at least one public cloud</li>
<li>You are familiar with Docker and Kubernetes</li>
<li>You are an experienced Python programmer and enjoy challenging projects</li>
<li>You understand the importance of reliable software and strive to design and code to that expectation</li>
<li>You are organized and want your team to deliver timely, high quality software</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>What we offer colleagues</strong></h3>
<p>We consider geographical location, experience, and performance in shaping compensation worldwide. We revisit compensation annually (and more often for graduates and associates) to ensure we recognize outstanding performance. In addition to base pay, we offer a performance-driven annual bonus or commission. We provide all team members with additional benefits, which reflect our values and ideals. We balance our programs to meet local needs and ensure fairness globally.</p>
<ul>
<li>Distributed work environment with twice-yearly team sprints in person</li>
<li>Personal learning and development budget of USD 2,000 per year</li>
<li>Annual compensation review</li>
<li>Recognition rewards</li>
<li>Annual holiday leave</li>
<li>Maternity and paternity leave</li>
<li>Employee Assistance Program</li>
<li>Opportunity to travel to new locations to meet colleagues</li>
<li>Priority Pass, and travel upgrades for long haul company events</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>About Canonical</strong></h3>
<p>Canonical is a pioneering tech firm at the forefront of the global move to open source. As the company that publishes Ubuntu, one of the most important open source projects and the platform for AI, IoT and the cloud, we are changing the world of software. We recruit on a global basis and set a very high standard for people joining the company. We expect excellence - in order to succeed, we need to be the best at what we do. Most colleagues at Canonical have worked from home since its inception in 2004.​ Working here is a step into the future, and will challenge you to think differently, work smarter, learn new skills, and raise your game.</p>
<p><strong>Canonical is an equal opportunity employer</strong></p>
<p>We are proud to foster a workplace free from discrimination. Diversity of experience, perspectives, and background create a better work environment and better products.<a href="https://canonical.com/careers/diversity/identity"> Whatever your identity, we will give your application fair consideration.</a></p>
<p>#LI-remote</p>