<div class="content-intro"><p>At Braze, we have found our people. We’re a genuinely approachable, exceptionally kind, and intensely passionate crew.</p>
<p>We seek to ignite that passion by setting high standards, championing teamwork, and creating work-life harmony as we collectively navigate rapid growth on a global scale while striving for greater equity and opportunity – inside and outside our organization.</p>
<p>To flourish here, you must be prepared to set a high bar for yourself and those around you. There is always a way to contribute: Acting with autonomy, having accountability and being open to new perspectives are essential to our continued success.</p>
<p>Our deep curiosity to learn and our eagerness to share diverse passions with others gives us balance and injects a one-of-a-kind vibrancy into our culture.</p>
<p>If you are driven to solve exhilarating challenges and have a bias toward action in the face of change, you will be empowered to make a real impact here, with a sharp and passionate team at your back. If Braze sounds like a place where you can thrive, we can’t wait to meet you.</p></div><p><strong>WHAT YOU'LL DO</strong></p>
<p>Braze is looking for a Reseller Sales Manager to work closely with resellers in Spain to provide accurate revenue forecasts and achieve revenue targets. Braze's Alloys partner ecosystem includes world class agencies, consultancies and tech partners that are invested in helping their clients to deliver on the promise of a premium customer experience. They're trusted advisors to our customers, and play an integral role in acquiring new customers, and retaining and growing our existing customer base. We are looking for an experienced Manager to sit within our South EMEA Sales Organisation.</p>
<p>This experienced partnerships leader will build and scale out a partner sales motion and program in Spain. You will acquire and onboard new Reseller Partners. This role is measured on reseller generated ACV and Renewals/GRR. Key responsibilities include: Developing and managing comprehensive GTM plans with our partners, which manifest in quality net new business pipeline. Supporting the sales cycle alongside our sales teams, from prospecting to deal close, in collaboration with our partners.</p>
<p>Advancing differentiated value propositions and specialism with key strategic partners, and articulating that story internally at Braze and with our Channel Sales organisation, and ultimately evangelizing the story in the market. Ensuring accountability and partnership reciprocity, with measured flow of outsourced Braze implementation and managed services in exchange for net new client opportunities from our&nbsp; partners. Reviewing sales play metrics and effectiveness on a recurring basis with partners and Braze leadership. Maintain dashboards that communicate to leadership the effectiveness of GTM sales plays with our partners. Collaborating cross functionally with other Braze departments and divisions, including Tech and Cloud Partnerships, Partner Marketing, Partner Education &amp; Enablement, etc. Developing the program with senior leadership to enhance current ways of working.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Responsibilities:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Build out a strong foundation of reseller partners in the region</li>
<li>Conduct regular sales meetings with the resellers to understand the opportunities and be able to form the forecasts on New Business</li>
<li>Share the best practices, case studies to the resellers to help accelerate the opportunities</li>
<li>Conduct Close Plan review with Resellers</li>
<li>Resolve channel conflicts when there are multiple resellers in the same market</li>
<li>Work with the renewal manager to prepare the commercial documents</li>
<li>Facilitate with the legal team to support the commercial and legal discussions</li>
<li>Know the resellers business by pulling out data from various internal reports</li>
<li>Plan, prepare and execute the Quarterly Business Review (QBR)</li>
<li>When there is a pipeline coverage, work with the resellers to plan, execute lead generation initiatives</li>
<li>Recruit new resellers in new markets</li>
<li>Help design the partner program to drive proper behaviours</li>
<li>Facilitate Sales and Products Enablements for Resellers</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>WHO YOU ARE</strong></p>
<p>You have 5+ years of partnerships channel and cloud industry experience. Demonstrable proof of producing ACV from Resellers. A strong bias for execution and are motivated by exceeding targets and results. Deep and proven knowledge of the agency and marketing services ecosystem. Understanding of service offering creation, marketing, lead generation, and professional services organization key performance indicators. Ideally, experience working for an agency consultancy and intimate knowledge of agency org structure, business dynamics, and effective business case development. Executive presence and an ability to present and vision sell to Executive audiences. Ability to lead through ambiguity, take on complex strategic and operational initiatives and scale effectively across a large organization and distributed team. Strong drive and character qualities that match with Braze Core Values and inspires others to follow and act.</p>
<p><strong>WHAT WE’RE LOOKING FOR</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>8+ Years working experience with SaaS, MarTech companies</li>
<li>Sales Manager experience for SaaS (a Must)</li>
<li>Channel / Partner Sales experience (a Must)</li>
<li>Resellers Recruitment, Nurturing (a Must)</li>
<li>Digital Marketing / MarTech Experience Preferred</li>
<li>Sales Enablement</li>
<li>Partner Program Development Experience</li>
<li>Spanish Speaking</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><div class="p-rich\_text\_section">
<p><strong>WHAT WE OFFER<br></strong></p>
<p><em>Braze benefits vary by location, and we encourage you to review our specific benefits offerings for each country </em><a href="https://www.braze.com/company/careers/how-we-hire#benefit-section"><em>here</em></a><em>. More details on benefits plans will be provided if you receive an offer of employment.</em></p>
<p>From offering comprehensive benefits to fostering hybrid ways of working, we’ve got you covered so you can prioritize work-life harmony. Braze offers benefits such as:</p>
<ul>
<li>Competitive compensation that may include equity</li>
<li>Retirement and Employee Stock Purchase Plans</li>
<li>Flexible paid time off</li>
<li>Comprehensive benefit plans covering medical, dental, vision, life, and disability</li>
<li>Family services that include fertility benefits and equal paid parental leave</li>
<li>Professional development supported by formal career pathing, learning platforms, and a yearly learning stipend</li>
<li>A curated in-office employee experience, designed to foster community, team connections, and innovation</li>
<li>Opportunities to give back to your community, including an annual company-wide Volunteer Week and donation matching&nbsp;</li>
<li>Employee Resource Groups that provide supportive communities within Braze</li>
<li>Collaborative, transparent, and fun culture recognized as a Great Place to Work®</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>ABOUT BRAZE<br><br></strong>Braze is the leading customer engagement platform that empowers brands to Be Absolutely Engaging.™ Braze helps brands deliver great customer experiences that drive value both for consumers and for their businesses. Built on a foundation of composable intelligence, BrazeAI™ allows marketers to combine and activate AI agents, models, and features at every touchpoint throughout the Braze Customer Engagement Platform for smarter, faster, and more meaningful customer engagement. From cross-channel messaging and journey orchestration to Al-powered decisioning and optimization, Braze enables companies to turn action into interaction through autonomous, 1:1 personalized experiences.<br><br>The company has repeatedly been recognized as a Leader in marketing technology by industry analysts, and was voted a G2 “Best of Marketing and Digital Advertising Software Product” in 2025.<br><br>Braze was also named a 2025 Best Companies To Work For by U.S. News &amp; World Report, a 2025 America’s Greatest Companies by Newsweek, and a 2025 Fortune Best Workplace in Technology™ by Great Place To Work®, among other accolades. Braze is also proudly certified as a Great Place to Work® in the U.S., the UK, Australia, and Singapore.<br><br>The company is headquartered in New York with offices in Austin, Berlin, Bucharest, Chicago, Dubai, Jakarta, London, Paris, San Francisco, São Paulo, Singapore, Seoul, Sydney and Tokyo.</p>
<strong>BRAZE IS AN EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER</strong>
<p>At Braze, we strive to create equitable growth and opportunities inside and outside the organization.</p>
<p>Building meaningful connections is at the heart of everything we do, and that includes our recruiting practices. We're committed to offering all candidates a fair, accessible, and inclusive experience – regardless of age, color, disability, gender identity, marital status, maternity, national origin, pregnancy, race, religion, sex, sexual orientation, or status as a protected veteran. When applying and interviewing with Braze, we want you to feel comfortable showcasing what makes you <em>you</em>.</p>
<p>We know that sometimes different circumstances can lead talented people to hesitate to apply for a role unless they meet 100% of the criteria. If this sounds familiar, we encourage you to apply, as we’d love to meet you.</p>
<em>Please see our</em><a href="https://www.braze.com/company/legal/privacy-policy-job-candidates"><em> </em><em>Candidate Privacy Policy</em></a><em> for more information on how Braze processes your personal information during the recruitment process and, if applicable based on your location, how you can exercise any privacy rights.</em></div></div>