<div class="content-intro"><p><strong><em>🚀 We’re on a mission to make money work for everyone.</em></strong></p>
<p>We’re waving goodbye to the complicated and confusing ways of traditional banking.</p>
<p>After starting as a prepaid card, our product offering has grown a lot in the last 10 years in the UK. As well as&nbsp;<a href="https://monzo.com/current-account/personal">personal</a> and <a href="https://monzo.com/business-banking">business</a> bank accounts, we offer <a href="https://monzo.com/current-account/joint-account">joint accounts</a>, <a href="https://monzo.com/current-account/16-17">accounts for 16-17 year olds</a>, a <a href="https://monzo.com/current-account/under-16s">free kids account</a> and <a href="https://monzo.com/flex">credit cards</a> in the UK, with more exciting things to come beyond. Our UK customers can also <a href="https://monzo.com/savings">save</a>, <a href="https://monzo.com/investments">invest </a>and&nbsp;<a href="https://monzo.com/pensions">combine their pensions</a> with us.&nbsp;</p>
<p>With our hot coral cards and get-paid-early feature, combined with financial education on social media and our award winning customer service, we have a long history of creating magical moments for our customers!</p>
<p>We’re not about selling products - we want to solve problems and change lives through Monzo ❤️</p>
<hr>
<p>&nbsp;</p></div><p>📍London (Hybrid) or UK Remote | 💰£75,000 - £95,000 + Incentive Awards tied to your performance + <a href="https://monzo.com/careers/">Benefits</a>&nbsp;✨</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>⭐Our Design Team</strong></p>
<p>We’re a team of 100+ designers, researchers, and brand experts led by Chief Design Officer Vuokko Aro. We’re on a mission to make money work for everyone.</p>
<p>We’re seeking an experienced and versatile <strong>Lead Brand Designer </strong>with a strong portfolio in branding, art direction and creative ideation.</p>
<p><br>In this role, you’ll shape Monzo’s visual identity, deliver high-quality design solutions aligned with strategic goals, and drive innovative ideas as a conceptual thinker. Your designs will combine creativity and vision, ensuring they’re both compelling and rooted in strong concepts.</p>
<p>As part of our dynamic internal creative studio, you’ll collaborate with designers and writers, exchanging feedback and raising design standards. Working closely with the Creative Director, you’ll ensure consistency and evolve the Monzo brand by partnering with product designers, marketing teams, and external agencies.</p>
<p>Key projects include refining brand guidelines, developing motion storyboards, creating campaign assets, collaborating on web designs and product designs, and elevating internal design projects.<br><br></p>
<p><strong>🔑You’ll play a key role by...</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><strong>Creative Leadership: </strong>Leading and overseeing end-to-end projects, from ideation to execution, working collaboratively with cross-functional teams, including marketing, product design, and engineers. You will need management skills to manage a small team of designers, by guiding and supporting them with our internal levelling frameworks.</li>
<li><strong>Mentoring</strong> and providing guidance to designers, fostering a collaborative and productive team environment. Run design critiques and help others navigate projects with cohesive and thoughtful feedback.&nbsp;</li>
<li><strong>Brand Guardian: </strong>Guide external agency partners on all things design and creative concepts.</li>
<li><strong>Brand Design: </strong>Develop, evolve and maintain brand identities, ensuring consistency across all touchpoints.</li>
<li><strong>Hands-on Design: Figma FIRST. </strong>Roll up your sleeves and contribute directly to the design work, whether it’s crafting a standout campaign, refining our typography, or animating assets.</li>
<li><strong>Typography: </strong>Utilise expert knowledge of typography to create visually appealing and readable designs.</li>
<li><strong>Collaboration and Communication:</strong>&nbsp;Work closely with cross-functional teams, including marketing, product development, and project management, to deliver cohesive design solutions.</li>
<li><strong>Creatively concept art direction</strong> and motion for in-app experiences with product teams.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>🤩 We’d love to hear from you if…</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>You have a proven track record in design roles, with a strong portfolio demonstrating branding, art direction, product design, advertising campaigns and typography.</li>
<li>You have experience in managing designers and leading design projects.&nbsp;</li>
<li>You demonstrate proficiency in design software such as Adobe Creative Suite (Photoshop, Illustrator, After Effects),<strong> Figma is a must. </strong>Motion skills, 3D programs, AI tooling, are a plus.</li>
<li>You have excellent communication skills and the ability to articulate design concepts to both internal teams and senior management.</li>
<li>You can manage multiple projects simultaneously and meet tight deadlines.</li>
<li>You have experience in fast-paced tech startups or creative agencies working on global brands.</li>
<li>You have experience in additional areas like web design, print design, storyboarding, art direction, film, and illustration.</li>
<li>You’re obsessed with strategically designing within a brand, and have strong skills with evolving within a brand guideline.&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>🙌What’s in it for you</strong></p>
<p>💰£75,000-£95,000 + Incentive Awards tied to your performance</p>
<p>📍This role can be based in our London office, but we're open to distributed working within the UK (with ad hoc meetings in London).</p>
<p>⏰We offer flexible working hours and trust you to work enough hours to do your job well, and at times that suit you and your team.</p>
<p>📚£1,000 learning budget each year to use on books, training courses and conferences.</p>
<p>🏡We will set you up to work from home; all employees are given Macbooks and for fully remote workers we will provide extra support for your work-from-home setup.</p>
<p>➕ Plus lots more!<br><br></p>
<p><strong>🌈 The application journey has 3 key steps<br></strong></p>
<p><strong>30-minute call with our Recruiter, Tom<br></strong><strong>1-hour craft interview where you’ll present a single case study to 2 members of our Brand Design team<br></strong><strong>1-hour interview covering values &amp; ways of working</strong></p>
<p><br>To help us understand your skills and experience, we kindly ask that you include both your CV and a portfolio showcasing your work.&nbsp;<br><br></p>
<p>This process should take around 3-4 weeks - your schedule is really important to us, so we promise to be as flexible as possible!&nbsp;</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>We have some guidelines on using Artificial Intelligence (AI) to ace an application and interview at Monzo. <a href="https://monzo.com/blog/the-ultimate-guide-on-using-ai-to-ace-an-interview-at-monzo">You can read them here.</a></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>We’ll only close this role once we have enough applications for the next stage. Please submit your application as soon as possible to make sure you don’t miss out.&nbsp;</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>#LI-TR1</p>
<p>#LI-Remote</p><div class="content-conclusion"><hr>
<p><strong>Equal opportunities for everyone</strong></p>
<p>Diversity and inclusion are a priority for us and we’re making sure we have lots of support for all of our people to grow at Monzo. At Monzo, we’re embracing diversity by fostering an inclusive environment for all people to do the best work of their lives with us. This is integral to our mission of making money work for everyone. You can read more in our <a href="https://monzo.com/blog/diversity-and-inclusion">blog</a>, 2024 <a href="https://monzo.com/blog/our-2024-diversity-and-inclusion-report" target="\_blank">Diversity and Inclusion Report</a> and 2024 <a href="https://monzo.com/blog/an-update-on-our-gender-pay-gap-2024">Gender Pay Gap Report.</a></p>
<p>We’re an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be considered for employment without attention to age, ethnicity, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, family or parental status, national origin, or veteran, neurodiversity or disability status.</p>
<p>If you have a preferred name, please use it to apply. We don't need full or birth names at application stage 😊</p></div>