At Snappr, we make it effortless for businesses to access high-quality visual content at scale. As the world’s leading marketplace for photography, video, and editing, we connect top creators with brands that need to tell their stories through powerful visuals. By combining cutting-edge technology with a discerning eye for creativity, we help businesses grow through content that stands out.

Our culture is built on extreme ownership and peak performance. We are **customer-obsessed**, **data-informed problem solvers** who thrive on **radical candor**, embrace challenges by **loving the dirt**, and **refuse mediocrity**. We believe in accountability, **humor**, and diversity — and we’re united by a mission to help businesses tell better visual stories.

**About the team:**

Snappr is the world’s largest on-demand marketplace for visual content. Our teams are entrepreneurial, collaborative, and impact-driven — solving complex customer challenges at a global scale. Every project you take on will contribute to how businesses tell their stories visually, helping us set the standard for visual content worldwide.

**About the role:**

An **Outbound Sales Representative** is expected to **provide** **amazing sales support to our customers in Canada**. By **providing guidance, building rapport, and extracting key information about the needs of our customers,** you’ll directly shape how our customers and creators connect. Your work will have a meaningful impact -  ensuring businesses everywhere can tell better visual stories.

## What you’ll do:

- Conduct daily outbound calls to prospective clients and follow up with previous leads.
- Help Snappr expand to new markets by booking photoshoots for customers in the US and AU
- Answer questions about the photoshoot process and resolve scheduling issues
- Work with photographers to consult clients on the best way to execute on their needs
- Be a key player in our in-house B2B sales team
- Hustle - take ownership of Snappr's growth and do whatever it takes to get the job done

## What you’ll need:

- Preferably a Filipino National who can speak French and English
- Open to foreign nationals with permanent or temporary residence in the Philippines
- Ideally, with 1 year of work experience at a call center selling to US, Canadian, or Australian clients.
- Fantastic phone manner and email etiquette
- The ability to balance attention to detail with swift execution - we need to do things quickly, and we need to do them well
- Strong customer influencing ability
- Passion and enthusiasm for exceptional customer service
- Knowledge of Australian and American Culture, e-commerce industry (preferred)
- Photography knowledge is not required, but nice to have
- Fluency in written and spoken English
- A "let's get it done" mindset
- Should be willing to report 100% onsite in Ortigas.

## Job benefits:

- Competitive Salary