<div class="content-intro"><h2><span data-sheets-root="1">About Wolt</span></h2>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">At Wolt, we create technology that brings joy, simplicity and earnings to the neighborhoods of the world. In 2014 we started with delivery of restaurant food. Now we’re building the delivery of (almost) everything and you’ll find us in over 500 cities in 30 countries around the world. In 2022 we joined forces with DoorDash and together we keep on dreaming big and expanding across the globe.<br><br>Working at Wolt isn’t always easy, but it’s definitely exciting. Here you’ll learn more, build more, and ship more than in most other companies. You’ll be challenged a lot, but also have a lot of fun on the way. So, if you’re a self-starter with drive and entrepreneurial spirit, this could be the ride of your life.</span></p></div><p>At Wolt, you can grow your sales career with a fun and fast-scaling global business. Part of the DoorDash team, we’re building a global logistics platform that can deliver (almost) everything in your city, to your door in minutes. Today, our products are used by 55+ million registered users who can now order from 200,000+ restaurants and retail stores across 30+ countries around the world.</p>
<p>Our Sales teams create and build our relationships with merchants. Together, we’ve helped big brands, local stores and neighborhood restaurants do over €15 billion’s worth of business through our platform. We’re constantly launching new cities and products, so there are always new opportunities to expand your skills and progress your career.&nbsp;</p>
<p>As our new Account Manager you’ll be trusted with a portfolio of nationally recognized brands, each with ambitious goals, multi-layered decision-making structures, and large operational footprints. You’ll be responsible for unlocking their full potential on Wolt by building strong relationships, running sophisticated campaigns, and making data-driven decisions that drive both growth and profitability.</p>
<h2>What you’ll be doing</h2>
<p>As an Account Manager, you’ll be the primary point of contact for a number of large enterprise accounts. You’ll work across multiple layers of each organisation – from central decision-makers to regional managers and local stores – with a focus on long-term growth and operational excellence.</p>
<p>You’ll plan and execute advanced promotional campaigns, lead commercial negotiations, and use data to optimize every aspect of partner performance. In addition to managing your portfolio, you’ll help shape internal tooling and best practices that support the broader enterprise AM community.</p>
<h3><strong>Day-to-day in this role you’ll:</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Own a small but commercially significant portfolio of restaurant enterprise accounts end-to-end</li>
<li>Lead negotiations and strategic planning in collaboration with senior internal and external stakeholders</li>
<li>Drive adoption of relevant Wolt products such as Wolt+, Wolt Ads, Wolt Drive, and Wolt Capital</li>
<li>Analyse partner performance in depth – from conversion rates to delivery efficiency – and turn insights into concrete actions</li>
<li>Collaborate cross-functionally with teams like Marketing, Operations, Analytics, and Product to ensure smooth execution of partner plans and bring feedback from the field into internal roadmaps</li>
<li>Build tools, frameworks, or workflows that support smarter decision-making within your team and across the region</li>
<li>Tailor your approach to different organisational layers, from headquarters to local store operators</li>
</ul>
<h2>Our humble expectations&nbsp;</h2>
<p>We’re looking for someone who combines commercial sharpness, analytical depth, and strong interpersonal skills – and who’s motivated by solving complex challenges.</p>
<ul>
<li>Strategic commercial thinking – You understand what drives partner performance and profitability, and you can develop win-win plans that balance long-term growth with short-term impact</li>
<li>Advanced analytical skills – You’re highly comfortable navigating BI tools like Looker or Excel, building your own performance views, and using data to guide negotiations, campaigns, and optimisations</li>
<li>Ownership mindset – You take full responsibility for your portfolio, push projects forward without being asked, and proactively solve problems when roadblocks appear</li>
<li>Process builder – You enjoy improving how things work – whether through creating internal tooling, building a new report, or refining the way we engage with partners</li>
<li>Experience – You likely have 4+ years in account management, strategy, consulting, or commercial roles with enterprise exposure</li>
<li>Languages – You’re fluent in Albanian and English, both written and spoken</li>
</ul>
<h2>What we offer</h2>
<p>At Wolt, we believe great people thrive when given ownership, trust, and the chance to make an impact. As a Account Manager, you’ll get exactly that – along with a competitive salary and the opportunity to grow in a fast-moving global tech company with plenty of career paths.&nbsp;</p>
<p>On top of that, you’ll get a competitive salary, Wolt discounts, daily lunch, and a well-stocked office with coffee, soft drinks, and fruit – plus a range of local benefits.</p>
<h2>Why you’ll love it</h2>
<ul>
<li><strong>🚀Global and growing fast: </strong>Be part of a fast-moving scaleup</li>
<li><strong>🤩Ride of a lifetime: </strong>Accelerate your career and build your sales skills&nbsp;</li>
<li><strong>💪Instant impact: </strong>Take ownership and make a difference</li>
<li><strong>💙Big hearts and small egos: </strong>Surround yourself with smart, friendly people</li>
</ul>
<h2>Next steps</h2>
<p>If you are excited about working in a high-growth environment, taking ownership, and being part of an extremely ambitious team, then click below to apply, make sure to add your CV and get the conversation going!&nbsp;</p>
<p>We will be reviewing applications on an on-going basis. If this sounds like an opportunity you want to pursue, apply today!&nbsp; 💙</p>
<p><iframe src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/GoL541\_xj9w" width="560" height="314"></iframe></p><div class="content-conclusion"><h2><span data-sheets-root="1">Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion</span></h2>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">We’re committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. That’s why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.</span></p></div>