<p><strong>Senior Product Designer II, India</strong></p>
<p>Moveworks is an Enterprise SaaS company that solves complex problems using the latest ML &amp; NLP technologies. Backed by industry leaders, Bain Capital &amp; Lightspeed Ventures, and founded by well recognized serial entrepreneurs, Moveworks is transforming the ITSM market with autonomous resolution. Our product is well defined, our customers are already asking for more, and new demand is astounding.&nbsp;</p>
<p>As a Senior Product Designer who will work closely to build a ‘best in class’ consumer interface for an enterprise SaaS product. In this role, you will be a voice for the user in all relevant product and business discussions. You will be responsible for ensuring we are shipping a product that solves user problems in the most elegant &amp; simple way, incrementally and iteratively. You will be part of our early India Product Design team that helps to shape how our data products will evolve our operations and business decisions internally and externally.&nbsp; <br><br></p>
<p><strong>What&nbsp; You Will Do:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Define the user experience and visual language of a game changing product</li>
<li>Develop design flows, including user journey and storyboards that incorporate information architecture, Web UI design &amp; wireframes&nbsp;</li>
<li>Collaborate with product and engineering to bring your ideas to life while meeting scope and technical feasibility</li>
<li>Effectively articulate design concepts and UX processes while building rapid prototypes for internal and external stakeholder alignment</li>
<li>Elegantly and intuitively transform complex enterprise challenges into simple solutions&nbsp;</li>
<li>Conduct usability testing, user research &amp; interviews and share findings with the entire team. Our view is that the best designers are a conduit of information which empowers the cross functional teams to make informed decisions.</li>
<li>Analyze qualitative &amp; quantitative data to develop approaches to meet product needs&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>What You Bring To The Table :</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Bachelor’s&nbsp; degree in UX design, engineering design or cognitive science/human factors or equivalent relevant experience</li>
<li>7 years+ of product/interaction design experience with enterprise UI/SaaS standards, as well as, Mobile standards</li>
<li>Must have a portfolio of examples of interaction &amp; visual design work</li>
<li>Must have experience shipping Enterprise Admin experiences&nbsp;</li>
<li>Must have experience leading other designers as a project lead</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Good To Have Skills:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Have people management and/or hiring experience&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li>Have experience working with Machine Learning or Data Analytics / Visualization products in the past</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><p>\*Our compensation package includes a market competitive salary, equity for all full time roles, exceptional benefits, and, for applicable roles, commissions or bonus plans.&nbsp;<br>Ultimately, in determining pay, final offers may vary from the amount listed based on geography, the role’s scope and complexity, the candidate’s experience and expertise, and other factors.</p>
<p>Moveworks Is An Equal Opportunity Employer<br>\*Moveworks is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We provide employment opportunities without regard to age, race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, disability, sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, veteran status, or any other characteristics protected by law.</p>
<h4><strong>Who We Are&nbsp;</strong></h4>
<p>Moveworks is the Agentic AI Assistant platform that empowers the entire workforce.</p>
<p>Our platform enables employees to converse with all of their business systems through natural language to quickly find answers and automate tasks. Powered by the world's most advanced LLMs, our proprietary models, and a sophisticated Agentic AI platform, we're transforming how work gets done by allowing AI to take initiative, streamline complex workflows, and continuously learn and adapt.</p>
<p>Moveworks is trusted by over 5.5 million employees at more than 350 of the world’s largest companies, including 10% of the Fortune 500, to automate everyday tasks and streamline business operations. Recognized on the Forbes Cloud 100 and AI 50 lists, Moveworks was also named one of Fast Company’s 2025 Most Innovative Companies and Inc’s Best in Business, in the Best in Innovation category. Moveworks was also recognized at Microsoft’s 2025 Partner of the Year and in 2024, received the AI Breakthrough Award.</p>
<p>In December 2025, Moveworks was acquired by ServiceNow, marking a pivotal milestone in our journey to create a single front door to work for all business systems. By combining ServiceNow’s leading workflow automation with Moveworks’ Reasoning Engine and natural language capabilities, we deliver the AI platform for every person and every workflow. Built to go beyond basic summaries to deliver meaningful business impact. Together, our AI acts across enterprise systems to turn conversations into completed work.</p>
<p>By joining our team, you’ll be at the forefront of the AI transformation, backed by the global scale of ServiceNow and the agility of a high-growth company. We are looking for world-class talent to help us extend agentic AI to every employee across every corner of the business.<br><br>Come join us!</p>
<p><strong>ServiceNow<br><br></strong>It all started in sunny San Diego, California in 2004 when a visionary engineer, Fred Luddy, saw the potential to transform how we work. Fast forward to today — ServiceNow stands as a global market leader, bringing innovative AI-enhanced technology to over 8,100 customers, including 85% of the Fortune 500®. Our intelligent cloud-based platform seamlessly connects people, systems, and processes to empower organizations to find smarter, faster, and better ways to work. But this is just the beginning of our journey. Join us as we pursue our purpose to make the world work better for everyone.<br><br><br></p></div>