<p>
  <strong>Headquarters:</strong> 
</p>

<p><span><span>Summary Description </span></span></p><br><p><span>Product Sales Manager focuses on the offer of products, business development, closure of sales and support and development of channels for the assigned brands. &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;</span></p><br><p><br></p><br><p><span><span>Main Responsibilities</span></span></p><br><p><span>Obtain the quota of manufactures assigned.</span></p><br><p><span>Develop the business plans of manufactures assigned. </span></p><br><p><span>Maintain and improve commercial relations with channels and manufactures’ sales. &nbsp;</span></p><br><p><span>Maintain and improve commercial relations with the channel’s key players: sales manager, seller, marketing and purchaser. &nbsp;&nbsp;</span></p><br><p><span>Create engaging activities with the channel’s sellers in order to generate an accurate pipeline/forecast, training, events that can generate demand , etc.</span></p><br><p><span>Coordinate with the Education department the courses calendar based on external needs. &nbsp;</span></p><br><p><span>Coordinate the agenda and priorities of the Engineering Sales Specialist &nbsp;</span></p><br><p><span>Forecast follow up with Sales Manager and vendor. </span></p><br><p><span>Quotation, Pricing List, SKUs and Opportunity Management</span></p><br><p><br></p><br><p><span><span>QUALIFICATIONS</span></span></p><br><p><span>Education</span></p><br><p><span>Graduate or Bachelor Degree in Business Administration or equivalent field</span></p><br><p><span>Experience</span></p><br><p><span>Minimum of 1 year of experience in the commercial atmosphere preferable in the technology sector</span></p><br><p><span>Language</span></p><br><p><span>Bilingual (Spanish &amp; English) High level in writing for both languages</span></p><br><p><span>Equipment</span></p><br><p><span>Windows OS, Office, proficiency in Excel</span></p><br><p><span>&nbsp;</span></p><br><p><span><span>PROFICIENCY</span></span></p><br><p><span><span>General of the Organization:</span></span><span> Teamwork; Proactivity; Excellence; Commitment; Honesty; Innovation, Ability to work under pressure.</span></p><br><p><span></span><br></p><br><p><span>Must be located in Jamaica.&nbsp;</span></p><br><p><br></p><br><p>EEO Statement</p><br><p><br></p><br><p><em>We are committed to equal employment opportunities regardless of race, color, genetic information, creed, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, lawful alien status, national origin, age, marital status, or protected veteran status. We support an inclusive workplace where associates excel based on personal merit, qualification, experience, ability, and job performance.</em></p><br><p><em>Please note that we do NOT sponsor H1B or provide H1B transfers and you must live local to the Miami area for this opportunity.</em></p>

<p><strong>To apply:</strong> <a href="https://weworkremotely.com/remote-jobs/adistec-product-sales-manager-cybersecurity-jamaica">https://weworkremotely.com/remote-jobs/adistec-product-sales-manager-cybersecurity-jamaica</a></p>