<p>
  <strong>Headquarters:</strong> United States
</p>

<div class="job__description body"><div><p>StackAdapt is the leading technology company that empowers marketers to reach, engage, and convert audiences with precision. With 465 billion automated optimizations per second, the AI-powered StackAdapt Marketing Platform seamlessly connects brand and performance marketing to drive measurable results across the entire customer journey. The most forward-thinking marketers choose StackAdapt to orchestrate high-impact campaigns across programmatic advertising and marketing channels.</p></div><div><div class="section page-centered"><br><div class="section page-centered"><br><div class="section page-centered"><br><div class="section page-centered"><br><div class="section page-centered"><br><div class="section page-centered"><br><div class="section page-centered"><br><div>StackAdapt’s Advertising Technology team is seeking a highly skilled and driven <strong>Technical Product Manager </strong>to lead our mobile app attribution and measurement efforts. This pivotal role will spearhead cross-functional collaboration, utilizing existing infrastructure and machine learning capabilities to develop a competitive mobile app user acquisition product. The ideal candidate will have a strong technical foundation, be data-centric, and excel in working across engineering, data science, and customer-facing teams to ensure seamless attribution and measurement integration.</div><br></div><br><div class="section page-centered"><br><h3>What you'll be doing</h3><br><ul><br><li><strong>Leadership and Expertise: </strong>Act as a leader and subject matter expert in mobile app attribution and measurement, guiding cross-functional teams and influencing stakeholders without formal authority.</li><br><li><strong>MMP Partnerships: </strong>Collaborate directly with Mobile Measurement Partners (MMPs) such as Adjust, AppsFlyer, Kochava, and Branch, providing performance recommendations and implementing new features.</li><br><li><strong>Technical Analysis</strong>: Gain a deep understanding of StackAdapt’s internal ad serving, bidding processes, and ML pipeline to identify and address any MMP-specific customizations or gaps.</li><br><li><strong>Competitive Strategy: </strong>Identify methodologies and strategic enhancements to ensure StackAdapt remains competitive, offering superior solutions compared to other mobile DSPs.</li><br><li><strong>Data Collaboration:</strong> Work closely with Data Analytics and Business Intelligence teams to develop automated and ad-hoc reporting tools and dashboards for comprehensive mobile app campaign performance analysis.</li><br><li><strong>Issue Resolution: </strong>Partner with MMPs to follow up on open customer issues, driving swift resolution, and ensuring clear, timely communication with all relevant stakeholders.</li><br><li><strong>Engineering Collaboration:</strong> Build strong partnerships with Infrastructure/Engineering and Machine Learning teams to refine ad server architecture, improve bidding strategies, and optimize ML models for mobile-specific use cases.</li><br><li><strong>UI/UX Enhancement: </strong>Collaborate with the UI/UX Product Manager to enhance advertiser and campaign reporting interfaces, ensuring that reporting reflects SKAN and MMP-driven attribution insights.</li><br></ul><br></div><br><div class="section page-centered"><br><h3>What you'll bring to the table</h3><br><ul><br><li><strong>Educational Background:</strong> Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Business, Data Science, or a related field; a Master’s degree is a plus.</li><br><li><strong>Experience:</strong> 3-5 years as a Technical Product Manager with a proven track record of delivering impactful solutions in advertising technology.</li><br><li><strong>Technical Proficiency: </strong>Expertise in ad servers, bidding mechanisms, auctions, DSPs, SSPs, and MMPs, with a strong focus on mobile app user acquisition.</li><br><li><strong>Attribution Knowledge: </strong>Deep understanding of mobile attribution and measurement strategies, including first-click, last-click, view-through, click-through, and SKAN attribution on iOS and Android.</li><br><li><strong>Mobile Campaign Metrics: </strong>Strong knowledge of key performance metrics, including Cost Per Install (CPI), Install Per Mile (IPM), and Click to Install (C2I).</li><br><li><strong>Analytical Skills:</strong> Ability to derive actionable insights from data using SQL and analytics tools, applying these to drive product decisions and strategy.</li><br><li><strong>Collaboration and Communication: </strong>Excellent cross-functional collaboration skills with the ability to translate complex technical concepts for non-technical stakeholders.</li><br></ul><br></div><br></div><br></div><br></div><br></div><br></div><br></div></div><div><div class="section page-centered"><br><div><br><h3>StackAdapter's Enjoy:</h3><br><ul><br><li>Highly competitive salary + commission structure</li><br><li>RRSP/401K matching</li><br><li>3 weeks vacation + 3 personal care days + 1 Culture &amp; Belief day + birthdays off</li><br><li>Access to a comprehensive mental health care platform</li><br><li>Health benefits from day one of employment</li><br><li>Work from home reimbursements</li><br><li>Optional global WeWork membership for those who want a change from their home office</li><br><li>Robust training and onboarding program</li><br><li>Coverage and support of personal development initiatives (conferences, courses, etc)</li><br><li>Access to StackAdapt programmatic courses and certifications to support continuous learning</li><br><li>An awesome parental leave policy</li><br><li>A friendly, welcoming, and supportive culture</li><br><li>Our social and team events!</li><br></ul><br></div><br></div><br><div class="section page-centered"><br><div><em>StackAdapt is a diverse and inclusive team of collaborative, hardworking individuals trying to make a dent in the universe. No matter who you are, where you are from, who you love, follow in faith, disability (or superpower) status, ethnicity, or the gender you identify with (if you’re comfortable, let us know your pronouns), you are welcome at StackAdapt. If you have any requests or requirements to support you throughout any part of the interview process, please let our Talent team know.</em></div><br><div>&nbsp;</div><br><div><strong>About StackAdapt</strong></div><br><div>&nbsp;</div><br><div>We've been recognized for our diverse and supportive workplace, high performing campaigns, award-winning customer service, and innovation. We've been awarded:</div><br><div>&nbsp;</div><br><div><a class="postings-link" href="https://blog.stackadapt.com/stackadapt-named-ad-ages-best-place-to-work-2024?utm_source=linkedin&amp;utm_medium=organic_social&amp;utm_campaign=ad-ages-best-place-to-work-2024&amp;utm_content=blog">Ad Age Best Places to Work 2024</a></div><br><div><a class="postings-link" href="https://blog.stackadapt.com/g2-2024-best-software-awards">G2 Top Software and Top Marketing and Advertising Product for 2024</a></div><br><div><a class="postings-link" href="https://blog.stackadapt.com/2023-best-places-to-work-uk">Campaign’s Best Places to Work 2023 for the UK</a></div><br><div><a class="postings-link" href="https://blog.stackadapt.com/best-workplaces-for-women-list">2024 Best Workplaces for Women</a>&nbsp;and&nbsp;<a class="postings-link" href="https://blog.stackadapt.com/2023-best-workplaces-in-canada-list">in Canada</a>&nbsp;by Great Place to Work®</div><br><div><a class="postings-link" href="https://www.g2.com/products/stackadapt/reviews">#1 DSP on G2 and leader in a number of categories including Cross-Channel Advertising</a></div><br><div>&nbsp;</div><br><div><span>#LI-REMOTE</span></div><br></div></div></div>

<p><strong>To apply:</strong> <a href="https://weworkremotely.com/remote-jobs/stackadapt-technical-product-manager-mobile-app-attribution-measurement">https://weworkremotely.com/remote-jobs/stackadapt-technical-product-manager-mobile-app-attribution-measurement</a></p>