<div class="content-intro"><h2><strong>Join the Web3 revolution at Ramp Network!</strong></h2>
<h3><strong>👋🏼 A few words about us</strong></h3>
<div>At Ramp Network, we provide a powerful fiat &lt;&gt; crypto toolkit that enables anyone - from established brands to blockchain pioneers - to easily onboard their next million users into Web3.</div>
<div>&nbsp;</div>
<div>Bridging the gap between today's financial system and the emerging crypto economy is our lifelong mission. Driven by our vision, sense of community, and passion for excellence, we relentlessly work to make this dream come true and bring Web3 to the mainstream.</div>
<div>&nbsp;</div>
<div>From day one, our founders have built a purpose-led organisation where a culture of high performance, receptive minds, and collaboration is at the core. If you’re looking to accelerate your career, grow at pace, and have a meaningful impact, you’ll find a home at Ramp Network. We have huge ambitions and want people to join us on our quest to become a world-leading Web3 organisation.</div>
<div>&nbsp;</div></div><h3><strong>🙌🏼 What you will be doing</strong><strong><br></strong></h3>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>We are looking for a remote fixed term Senior Management Accountant who will support the Finance team at Ramp in delivering accurate and timely financial deliverables and support compliance with local and international statutory requirements. The role requires a thorough individual who is driven to deliver high-quality deliverables, working collaboratively across teams and, at times, independently. This is a fixed term contract for an initial 6 months.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<h3><strong>🧩 What you will be working on</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Ensuring accurate and timely reporting of month-end accounts</li>
<li>Monitoring and managing group-wide cash flow</li>
<li>Performing reconciliations and preparing accounting entries</li>
<li>Overseeing compliance with all tax, statutory, and regulatory requirements</li>
<li>Meeting both individual and finance team objectives</li>
<li>Liaising with local and group auditors to satisfy audit requests</li>
<li>Reviewing the work of the AP Manager and supervising the Group’s accounts payable process</li>
<li>Supporting ad hoc requests from the Group Head of Finance</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<h3><strong>🤟🏻 What you will bring:</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Good knowledge of Polish accounting, tax, and statutory requirements</li>
<li>Good knowledge of accounting systems, Microsoft Office, and Google Workspace</li>
<li>Strong problem-solving skills to address key control and reconciliation tasks</li>
<li>Experience with automation and systems implementation</li>
<li>Proficiency in English, with the ability to work in a multinational team</li>
<li>A high level of ownership and independence</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<h3>Nice to have:</h3>
<ul>
<li>Full or partial accountancy qualification (e.g. ACCA, CIMA)</li>
<li>Knowledge of NetSuite, US GAAP, UK GAAP, and IFRS</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<h3>🪄 What’s in it for you?</h3>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>💸 Competitive salary</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Zero-fee crypto purchases via on-ramp!</li>
<li>19,000 - 21,500 PLN on a fixed term Employment Contract</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>🩺 Health &amp; wellbeing </strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Private medical care package</li>
<li>Gym pass for you and your partner</li>
<li>Dedicated time off for yearly health check-ups</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>🧠 Development &amp; Growth </strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Self-development and conference budget</li>
<li>Language lessons</li>
<li>Internal workshops and activities supporting growth and mental health</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>🏢 Great working environment </strong></p>
<ul>
<li>The role is and can be remote, but we also have modern and comfy offices in Warsaw and Wroclaw, which has everything you'll need to excel and collaborate with your team</li>
<li>The best laptops and kit to work on</li>
<li>Internal Tech meetups on-site &amp; online</li>
<li>Team socials funded by us</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>💡Our Interview Process</strong></p>
<div id="message-list\_1775125507.477079">
<div>
<div>
<div>
<div>
<div>
<div>
<div>
<div>
<div>
<div>
<ul>
<li>30 minute discovery call with our People Team</li>
<li>45 minute interview with the Hiring Manager</li>
<li>45/60 minute interview with Chief Operations Officer</li>
<li>Offer</li>
</ul>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<ul>
<li>
<div id="message-list\_1775125507.477079">
<div>
<div>
<div>
<div>
<div>
<div>
<div>
<div>
<div>
<div>&nbsp;</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><h3>💚<strong> Our Culture</strong></h3>
<p>We are fueled by a strong sense of community, purpose, and the drive to build a sustainable business. Together, we nurture a culture of high performance, low egos, receptive minds, and collaboration. We provide space for ambition, trust and empowerment to allow you to be your best self.</p>
<p>Our culture has been founder-driven from the start, it is defined by our shared values and behaviours, which are distinctly Ramp Network and represent the organisation that we have built. This is our recipe for success that we all believe in…this is how we will win!</p>
<p><strong>👉Check out this <a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7qD1pkDPIR4">short video</a> to learn more about Life working at Ramp Network.<br><br></strong><a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7FvfRq1II\_o">Also check out our latest video from our 'Behind the Curtain' Series.&nbsp;</a></p>
<p><em><strong>Diversity and Inclusivity Statement</strong></em></p>
<p>At Ramp Network, inclusivity and equality are core to our mission, and we strive to embed these values in every aspect of our operations. We believe that a diverse and inclusive workplace fosters innovation, collaboration, and success.</p>
<p>One of our core values, <em>Radically Inclusive</em>, is enacted daily. We create a space of belonging and support, fostering a tightly-knit team that embraces diversity in all its forms. Being different isn’t just welcomed; it unites us and gives us our edge. We give space for all peculiarities, nerdiness, and quirkiness!</p>
<p>We are proud of the progress we have made as a fast-growing start-up, but we recognize that our journey is ongoing. We look forward to evolving our diversity, equity, and inclusion practices further in 2025 and beyond, creating a workplace where everyone can thrive.</p>
<h4>Get familiar with the <a href="https://ramp-tech-teams.notion.site/Ramp-Recruitment-Privacy-Policy-cdd911cd7a8f47bda608030f701f66ae">Ramp Network Privacy Policy</a> to understand how we will process your data.</h4></div>