<div class="content-intro"><p><strong data-stringify-type="bold">Why work at Nebius<br></strong>Nebius is leading a new era in cloud computing to serve the global AI economy. We create the tools and resources our customers need to solve real-world challenges and transform industries, without massive infrastructure costs or the need to build large in-house AI/ML teams. Our employees work at the cutting edge of AI cloud infrastructure alongside some of the most experienced and innovative leaders and engineers in the field.</p>
<p><strong>Where we work<br></strong>Headquartered in Amsterdam and listed on Nasdaq, Nebius has a global footprint with R&amp;D hubs across Europe, North America, and Israel. The team of over 1400 employees includes more than 400 highly skilled engineers with deep expertise across hardware and software engineering, as well as an in-house AI R&amp;D team.</p></div><h3><strong><span data-ccp-props="{}">The role</span></strong></h3>
<p>The Compute Node team builds services for managing Virtual Machines running on GPU servers, integrating with disk management, virtual and InfiniBand networks. The team is also responsible for developing the Virtual Machine Scheduler that operates across clusters with thousands of servers and tens of thousands of GPUs, spanning multiple data centers in several regions.</p>
<p><strong><span data-contrast="auto"><span data-ccp-charstyle="Strong">We expect you to have:</span></span></strong><span data-ccp-props="{&quot;134233117&quot;:true,&quot;134233118&quot;:true}">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><strong>1. <strong data-renderer-mark="true">Containerization &amp; Orchestration</strong></strong></p>
<ul>
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="448">Experience with Kubernetes not only for deployment but for development is highly valued.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>2. Virtualization</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="560">KubeVirt and QEMU/KVM familiarity is a high plus.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>3. <strong data-renderer-mark="true">Linux &amp; System-level Understanding</strong></strong></p>
<ul>
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="653">Solid knowledge of internal OS architecture, performance considerations, process isolation and resource management.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="772">Knowledge of POSIX, sysfs, system calls, and file systems.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="834">Familiarity with server architecture, PCIe devices, NICs, and kernel drivers.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>4. <strong data-renderer-mark="true">Hardware Acceleration</strong></strong></p>
<ul>
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="942">Experience or strong interest in working with GPUs, DPUs, or ARM architectures is desirable.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="1038">Familiarity with the NVIDIA DOCA Software Framework will be an advantage.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>5. <strong data-renderer-mark="true">Go, C++ Proficiency</strong></strong></p>
<ul>
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="1140">Knowledge of at least one of these languages, ready to learn or work with the others as needed.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="1239">Strong grasp of concurrency, debugging, and profiling techniques.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p><span data-ccp-props="{}"><em data-stringify-type="italic">We conduct coding interviews as part of the process.</em></span></p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>What we offer</strong>&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>Competitive salary and comprehensive benefits package.</li>
<li>Opportunities for professional growth within Nebius.</li>
<li>Flexible working arrangements.</li>
<li>A dynamic and collaborative work environment that values initiative and innovation.</li>
</ul>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">We’re growing and expanding our products every day. If you’re up to the challenge and are excited about AI and ML as much as we are, join us!</span></p></div>