<p>We're looking an enthusiastic Software Engineer to join our software engineering team at the heart of Speechmatics’ products, responsible for designing and building the systems that seamlessly connect our AI transcription models. This role focuses on creating efficient, resilient, and scalable architectures that enable our technology to perform at its best. You’ll work closely with talented engineers across multiple disciplines, collaborating to solve complex problems and deliver impactful solutions. No background in audio or speech is required; we value strong engineering fundamentals, curiosity, and a collaborative mindset. If you enjoy building robust systems and working with others to create outstanding technology, this role offers impact globally today.</p>
<p><strong>What you’ll be doing:</strong></p>
<ul class="ak-ul" data-local-id="79e9b1ed-a80b-4fa3-a469-e164b4ec70bf" data-indent-level="1">
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="1020" data-local-id="50208df8-56d7-4330-a845-890d66943067">Being an integral part of the team! We’re a tight-knit group, and the tech we own is interconnected with many other teams, so you'll have a huge opportunity to positively influence engineering practices and our overall product.&nbsp;&nbsp;</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="1250" data-local-id="e8cd9edd-4db4-4655-9afd-a363a6776f68">Owning initiatives to continuously improving the system architecture, performance, stability, and feature set of our product. We already have best-in-class technology, and we’re always innovating and further breaking boundaries.&nbsp;</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="1478" data-local-id="cf63809d-c1ba-471f-85ef-cefcec8e48cd">Working with a variety of tools and technologies, and collaborating with a team of talented engineers, to solve complex problems. There are endless learning opportunities, and we have regular syncs to share ideas.&nbsp;</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="1692" data-local-id="45493999-1885-45c0-8d7d-e95f2f65a831">Making a significant difference to our customers by ensuring that our best-in-class speech recognition technology always runs quickly and stably in a variety of real-life scenarios.&nbsp;</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="1876" data-local-id="09f268fd-39cd-4d4b-9900-42be26cf5b2d">Shaping our team culture: joining in knowledge sharing across engineering teams, improve technical documentation, mentor other engineers, and encourage best engineering practices.&nbsp;&nbsp;</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Who we are looking for:</strong></p>
<ul class="ak-ul" data-local-id="6b470a82-8576-4413-b9f1-4c21c70419e6" data-indent-level="1">
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="2094" data-local-id="80d48009-dedb-424b-b05f-e1321b6dbe5d">You’re a collaborative team player. Our team works closely with several other teams, and we proactively reach out to each other to solve complex problems.&nbsp;</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="2253" data-local-id="0f683e3a-c486-4cee-b65e-cf5ee7e0c607">You love to learn, and you have an open mind to new ideas. You enjoy continuously growing your own abilities, as well as helping others around you improve, too.&nbsp;You are able to adapt to new technologies, tools, and domains.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="2480" data-local-id="c92722f1-cab2-4390-9379-05b954118cd9">You’re pragmatic, and able to balance “doing things right” with “doing things quickly,” depending on the context. You can navigate short-term changes in priorities as we work towards longer-term goals.&nbsp;</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="2686" data-local-id="9fd4df1d-78fa-41ef-b5fe-ed5996c8352d">You’re passionate about creating high quality software and enjoy the exploratory process of improving performance, stability, and maintainability of the tech you work with, no matter where a problem lies.&nbsp;</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="2895" data-local-id="3dd605e5-bcbc-495f-ae65-0d441f677735">You feel comfortable developing software in production Python, and you’re interested or experienced in working with some of the other technologies we use: C++, Go, Docker, Kubernetes, Gitlab, developing in a Linux environment. Experience with or interest in learning machine learning concepts and systems will be considered a plus.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="3228" data-local-id="324f6f02-c99b-4459-a445-87f229e73562">You can own the full software development lifecycle end to end, from feature design and implementation through release. This includes monitoring automated and overnight test results, validating that product performance meets established standards, and continuously improving build, test, and release pipelines.</p>
</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><p><em><span class="ui-provider a b c d e f g h i j k l m n o p q r s t u v w x y z ab ac ae af ag ah ai aj ak">We encourage you to apply even if you do not feel you match all of the requirements exactly. The list of requirements is intended to show the kinds of experience and qualities we’re looking for, but it is not exhaustive. If you are interested in the role, the team, and our mission, we would love to consider your application. We are always open to conversations and look forward to hearing from you.</span></em></p>
<p><strong>Who we are:</strong></p>
<p class="p1">Speechmatics is the leading expert in Speech Intelligence, and uses AI and Machine Learning to unlock business value in human speech worldwide. We work with an amazing mix of global companies, and our technology can integrate into our customers stack irrespective of their industry or use case – making it the go-to solution to harness useful information from speech.</p>
<p class="p1">Joining us means working with some of the smartest minds around the world, focused on cutting-edge projects and deploying the latest techniques to disrupt the market. We believe in putting people first; we’ll do all we can to help you develop your skills and give you the tools you need to thrive. Our Focus Fridays give you an undisturbed day of focus, offset with Together Tuesdays when we have our team meetings, so you've always got the right balance.</p>
<p class="p1">We have structured a hybrid approach that includes 2-3 designated office days each week. This arrangement ensures that while we embrace the advantages of remote work, we also maintain the vital connection and synergy that only in-person interactions can foster.</p>
<p class="p1">This is only the beginning; we’re looking for amazing people like you to continue our journey…</p>
<p class="p1"><strong>What we can offer you:<br></strong></p>
<p class="p1">No matter what stage of your career you’re at - from paid internships and first-job opportunities through to management and senior positions - we’ll support you with the training and development needed to reach your career aspirations with us. There really is no shortage of opportunities here for you to get involved and collaborate with those around you to deliver your best work.</p>
<p class="p1">We offer incredibly flexible working, regular company lunches, and birthday celebrations. But that’s not all. We’ve spoken to our teams to find out what they want. From Private Medical, and Dental for you and your family, through to global working opportunities, a generous holiday allowance and pension/401K matching, we want to make sure our employees and their families are looked after. Every employee will receive a working from home allowance for tech or home office equipment (on top of your choice of laptop and accessories of course). Our approach to parental leave is designed to support employees globally. While this varies by geo, we have support in place for parents (including adoption assistance and reproductive health services) to ensure they have the time and financial resources needed to care for their growing families.</p>
<p><strong>At Speechmatics, our mission is simple: Understand Every Voice out there.</strong>&nbsp;</p>
<p>That's not just about our tech – it's the heart and soul of who we are.&nbsp;We welcome different experiences, viewpoints, and identities. For us, it’s not just the right thing to do; it’s our catalyst for sparking innovation and creativity. Our teams thrive in an environment that celebrates and supports everyone – no matter their gender, identity or expression, race, disability, age, sexual orientation, religion, belief, marital status, national origin, veteran status, pregnancy, or maternity status.</p>
<p>But we don’t just open the door to diversity – we actively welcome it. Why? Because we believe every unique voice adds something special to our team, leading us to smarter solutions and a better workplace.</p>
<p><strong>So, come as you are and join our Speechling community.</strong> We’re building a place where every voice not only gets heard but is also respected and valued.</p>
<p>For more information on us<sub>,&nbsp;</sub>please visit&nbsp;<a href="https://www.speechmatics.com/">our website</a> and follow Speechmatics on our social channels via&nbsp;<a href="https://twitter.com/Speechmatics/">Twitter</a>, <a href="https://www.facebook.com/speechmatics/">Facebook</a>, <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/company/speechmatics/">LinkedIn</a>, and <a href="https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCaZUN77-Wq0XQg5ICHLxKVw/">YouTube.</a></p>
<h5><strong><em>We rely on legitimate interest as a legal basis for processing personal information under the GDPR for purposes of recruitment and applications for employment.&nbsp;</em></strong></h5>
<h5><span style="color: #ffffff;"><strong>#LI-Hybrid</strong></span></h5></div>