<h2><strong>Who we are </strong></h2>
<h3><strong>About Stripe</strong></h3>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies - from the world’s largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups - use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyone's reach while doing the most important work of your career.</span></p>
<h3><strong>About the team</strong></h3>
<p>As a member of the Partner Solutions Architecture (PSA) team, you will be responsible for providing technical guidance to Stripe’s partners. Our goal is to drive growth through co-solutioning, education and enablement with our partner organisation. The right candidate will be a critical technical liaison to the Stripe Partner Development Manager. This will involve creating comprehensive technical business plans for Partners, including identifying, incubating and bringing to market service/solution offerings built on or with Stripe. A Partner Solution Architect is someone who is intellectually curious, motivated to win, open and entrepreneurial.</p>
<h2><strong>What you’ll do</strong></h2>
<p>As a member of the team, PSAs build highly consultative trusted relationships with executives and technical decision makers in the customer’s organisation to provide business and technical thought leadership, and become a trusted advisor in solving mission-critical business challenges. We architect business models with them so they can drive new monetization opportunities and growth.</p>
<h3><strong>Responsibilities</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: 400;">Work with key partners to build out their Stripe capabilities and solutions to grow their business and drive non-linear growth.</li>
<li>Develop and execute enablement plans.</li>
<li>Be at the forefront of technical discussions &amp; solution deep-dives with partners on the value Stripe can provide to their clients.</li>
<li>Engage with CTOs, engineering &amp; other technical leads at key partners to share technology roadmaps, demonstrate the latest innovations, and define a solution strategy to expand the partnership revenue.</li>
<li>Communicate success internally through QBRs, etc.</li>
<li>Provide oversight, guidance, and assistance during the partners sales process to ensure mutual success in joint opportunities.</li>
<li>Educate the Stripe sales team on key partner solutions and capabilities.</li>
<li>Serve as an advocate for key partners within specific sales regions and identify areas for sales partnership.</li>
<li>Collaborate on technical content (sample code, demos, etc.) to show partners how to implement specific use cases or best practices.</li>
<li>Provide Partner-focused guidance on Stripe’s product through feedback.</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Who you are</strong></h2>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We're looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.</span></p>
<h3><strong>Minimum requirements</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>5+ years of experience in a similar customer-facing engineering role such as solution consultant, solutions architect, sales engineer, for a global software enterprise.</li>
<li>Experience co-selling and co-solutioning with go-to-market partners.</li>
<li>Executive engagement skills and presence, with an ability to establish strong relationships with key decision makers and build credibility at all levels.</li>
<li>Effective group-facilitation skills and confidence in proposing and leading customer meetings to gain strategic footing and pursue opportunities.</li>
<li>Thorough understanding of the software development lifecycle and API architecture.</li>
<li>Outstanding spoken and written communication skills, presentation skills, and confidence in explaining complex concepts to both technical and non-technical audiences.</li>
<li>Ability to learn Stripe solutions such as Payments, Billing, Connect, and more.</li>
<li>Ability to understand how a wide variety of applications such as ERP, CRM, Billing, Tax and legacy systems interact with each other in an enterprise technology ecosystem.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Strong organizational and time management skills and the ability to juggle competing priorities while working with multiple strategic opportunities and customers.</li>
<li>Strategic and creative thinker who can proactively identify challenges and maintain a positive approach when facing difficult obstacles.</li>
</ul>