<div class="content-intro"><p><strong>COMPANY OVERVIEW</strong></p>
<p>KKR is a leading global investment firm that offers alternative asset management as well as capital markets and insurance solutions. KKR aims to generate attractive investment returns by following a patient and disciplined investment approach, employing world-class people, and supporting growth in its portfolio companies and communities. KKR sponsors investment funds that invest in private equity, credit and real assets and has strategic partners that manage hedge funds. KKR’s insurance subsidiaries offer retirement, life and reinsurance products under the management of Global Atlantic Financial Group. References to KKR’s investments may include the activities of its sponsored funds and insurance subsidiaries.</p></div><p>KKR's Gurugram office provides best in class services and solutions to our internal stakeholders and clients, drives organization wide process efficiency and transformation, and reflects KKR's global culture and values of teamwork and innovation. The office contains multifunctional business capabilities and is integral in furthering the growth and transformation of KKR.&nbsp;</p>
<p><span data-teams="true"><strong>FINANCE DEPARTMENT SUMMARY</strong></span></p>
<p><span data-teams="true">Supports the strategic direction of the Firm by ensuring efficient and effective financial planning, analysis, budgeting, reporting, compliance, accounting, and stewardship of financial risks and controls. By doing so, we produce accurate financial information for decision making, ensure compliance with financial regulations and policies, and provide leadership for operational improvements, cost savings and strategic investments that align with the Firm’s culture and long-term goals.<br></span></p>
<p><strong>POSITION SUMMARY</strong></p>
<p>The role is responsible for the preparation, analysis, and dissemination of financial and operational information for KKR Credit funds. <span data-teams="true">This position is a full time position and will be onsite in our Gurugram office. We are operating in a 4 day in office, 1 day flexible work arrangement.</span></p>
<p><strong>KEY RESPONSIBILITIES</strong></p>
<p>• &nbsp; &nbsp;Responsible for key activities related to fund accounting and management of the funds from a controllership perspective – such as overseeing and reviewing fund accounting deliverables from external fund administrators including but not limited to: valuations, performance, management fee and carried interest calculations, investor capital balances and financial statements associated with the funds’ reporting close periods.<br>• &nbsp; &nbsp;Work with the Global Credit Finance Teams to ensure appropriate accounting, reporting, operational and internal controls across the organization. Identify process improvement opportunities and help provide solutions and implementations to maximize efficiency.<br>• &nbsp; &nbsp;Collaborate and integrate with other internal KKR teams such as Portfolio Solutions, Client Services, Operations, Compliance, Legal, Tax, Technology, Portfolio Monitoring etc. to effectively carry out fund management and operational activities around investor onboarding/servicing, liquidity management (cash and credit), lender compliance, hedging activities, regulatory and compliance reporting/filings.<br>• &nbsp; &nbsp;Assist with internal quarterly reporting of funds' asset and revenue figures including preparing reports to facilitate the funds’ consolidation requirements and SOX requirements, as applicable.&nbsp;<br>• &nbsp; &nbsp;Manage the funds’ annual and quarterly reporting/filing requirements to key external stakeholders such as investors and compliance/regulatory bodies based on governing documents and other statutory requirements. This includes preparation of quarterly unaudited reporting and annual audited financial statements along with investor capital statements.&nbsp;<br>• &nbsp; &nbsp;Keep abreast of all major accounting, regulatory and reporting changes that affect the funds.&nbsp;<br>• &nbsp; &nbsp;Review and enhance financial systems/technologies.<br>• &nbsp; &nbsp;Assist with resolution of all investor-related queries and other ad-hoc reporting templates.<br>• &nbsp; &nbsp;Provide oversight on fund administrator’s work mandate, SLAs, performance metrics, schedules, etc.<br>• &nbsp; &nbsp;Support the team’s key strategic initiatives and other ongoing firmwide transformation efforts such as technology and process re-engineering projects.<br>• &nbsp; &nbsp;Provide strong, assertive and positive collaboration across the Finance team. &nbsp;<br>• &nbsp; &nbsp;Develop, mentor and motivate the current team.<br> <br><strong>PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE/QUALIFICATIONS</strong></p>
<p>The successful candidate will have at 10-12 years of relevant financial experience within fund accounting, with at least 3 years in a management role (Controller, Senior Manager, VP, etc). With unquestionable integrity and the highest ethical standards, the successful candidate will possess the following:<br>• &nbsp; &nbsp;Strong investment company (ASC 946) fund accounting skills with US GAAP &amp; IFRS knowledge; SEC reporting experience is a plus.<br>• &nbsp; &nbsp;Qualified Chartered Accountant preferred or advanced degree in Finance required.<br>• &nbsp; &nbsp;Investran and/or Geneva experience preferred.<br>• &nbsp; &nbsp;Third Party Fund administrator coordination experience preferred.<br>• &nbsp; &nbsp;Proven and proactive financial leader with a successful track record of managing and leading a fund accounting team.<br>• &nbsp; &nbsp;Outstanding business judgment; contributes to broader business matters and complex decisions addressed by the senior executives of the Global Credit Finance Team.&nbsp;<br>• &nbsp; &nbsp;Exceptionally strong financial and analytical capabilities.<br>• &nbsp; &nbsp;Effective communication, interpersonal, and presentation skills. Ability to influence and collaborate across the broader team, as well as externally.&nbsp;<br>• &nbsp; &nbsp;Ability to develop, motivate, and retain finance / accounting talent.<br>• &nbsp; &nbsp;Be committed to operating as a team-player on the team as well as in the context of the larger firm.&nbsp;<br>• &nbsp; &nbsp;The ideal candidate should be a control-minded individual dedicated to helping in the design and maintenance of a strong control environment for operating funds within a large asset management firm and be someone who acts with integrity and committed to acting as a fiduciary at all times.&nbsp;</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p>KKR is an equal opportunity employer.&nbsp; Individuals seeking employment are considered without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, veteran status, sexual orientation, or any other category protected by applicable law.</p>
<p>KKR will provide reasonable accommodations as required by applicable federal, state, and/or local laws. Individuals seeking an accommodation for the application or interview process should email&nbsp;<a href="mailto:Benefits@kkr.com">Benefits@kkr.com</a>. Emails sent for unrelated issues, such as following up on an application, will not receive a response.</p>
<p>If you are a qualified individual with a disability or a disabled veteran, you may request a reasonable accommodation if you are unable or limited in your ability to use or access&nbsp;<a href="https://www.kkr.com/careers" data-saferedirecturl="https://www.google.com/url?q=https://www.kkr.com/careers&amp;source=gmail&amp;ust=1774021690220000&amp;usg=AOvVaw1AG2WRszai8PfCsE-FH5EJ">https://www.kkr.com/careers</a>&nbsp;because of your disability. You can request reasonable accommodations by sending an email to&nbsp;<a href="mailto:Benefits@kkr.com">Benefits@kkr.com</a>. Only emails left for this purpose will be returned.</p>
<p><strong>Massachusetts Applicants:</strong>&nbsp;It is unlawful in Massachusetts to require or administer a lie detector test as a condition of employment or continued employment. An employer who violates this law shall be subject to criminal penalties and civil liability. This notice&nbsp;applies only&nbsp;to applicants and employees who work or will work in Massachusetts, in accordance with applicable state law.</p></div>