<div class="content-intro"><h3>ABOUT TIDE</h3>
<p>At Tide we help SMEs save time (and money) in the running of their businesses by not only offering business accounts and related banking services, but also a comprehensive set of highly usable and connected administrative solutions from invoicing to accounting.</p>
<p>Tide is transforming the small business banking market with over 1.8 million members globally across the UK, India, Germany and France.</p>
<p>Using advanced technology, all solutions are designed with SMEs in mind. With quick onboarding, low fees and innovative features, we thrive on making data-driven decisions to serve our mission: to help SMEs save both time (and money) so they can get back to doing what they love.</p>
<p><strong>Tide facts:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Tide is available for UK, Indian, German and French SMEs</li>
<li>Over 1.8 million members: 800,000 UK and 1,000,000 in India and growing rapidly</li>
<li>Over $300 million raised in funding</li>
<li>Over 2,500 Tideans globally - we’re diversity champions!</li>
<li>We have offices in Central London, with a member support and technology centre in Sofia, Bulgaria, technology centres in Serbia, Romania, Lithuania and Hyderabad and offices in Gurugram and New Delhi, and in Berlin, Paris and Luxembourg.</li>
</ul></div><p><strong>ABOUT THE ROLE:</strong></p>
<p>As an Engineering Manager at Tide,</p>
<ul>
<li>You’re an experienced&nbsp;<strong>Engineering Manager</strong> with strong technical and people-leadership skills, comfortable operating at scale and driving impact through well-designed platforms.</li>
<li>You’ll lead the engineering delivery of our&nbsp;<strong>subscriptions platform across multiple markets</strong>, owning the technical direction and execution of systems that power subscription creation, pricing, lifecycle managements. You’ll focus on building scalable, resilient, and extensible platform capabilities that support growth and evolving business needs.</li>
<li>You’ll manage and develop a team of engineers, setting clear technical standards and fostering a culture of ownership and continuous improvement. Partnering closely with Product and stakeholders across the business, you’ll turn product strategy into reliable platform solutions and ensure high-quality delivery across the full subscription lifecycle.</li>
<li>You’ll be part of the&nbsp;<strong>Member Engagement Marketing (MEM)</strong> engineering group, working closely with Billing, Payments, Marketing, Data, and Finance teams. Together, you’ll deliver a robust and transparent subscriptions platform that enables seamless member experiences and long-term value.</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>WHAT WE ARE LOOKING FOR:</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Extensive experience (10+ years) building server-side applications and detailed knowledge of Java.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Sound knowledge of a backend framework (e.g. Spring/Spring Boot)&nbsp;</li>
<li>Experience with running microservices and implementing and consuming RESTful APIs</li>
<li>Experience engineering scalable and reliable solutions in a cloud-native environment&nbsp;</li>
<li>A mindset of delivering secure, well-tested and well-documented software&nbsp;</li>
<li>Full ownership of your code and technical solutions across their entire lifecycle, from development to production.</li>
<li>Experience integrating with various third party providers and partners&nbsp;</li>
<li>Sound knowledge and experience working with relational databases.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Work effectively in an agile environment, using its practices to deliver value consistently and adapt quickly.</li>
<li>Ability to communicate technical concepts to a non-technical audience&nbsp;</li>
<li>Apply continuous integration, delivery, and deployment practices in day-to-day development to deliver software reliably to production.</li>
<li>A technical hands on leader who is in the details of what the team is working on day to day.</li>
<li>Experience leading teams</li>
<li>Experience directly managing people.</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>OUR TECH STACK:</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Java, Spring Boot and JOOQ to build the RESTful APIs of our microservices (but we welcome people who are used to any strongly typed general purpose programming language!)&nbsp;</li>
<li>Event-driven architecture with messages over SNS+SQS and Kafka to make them reliable&nbsp;</li>
<li>Primary datastores are PostgreSQL via RDS or Aurora (we are heavy AWS users)&nbsp;</li>
<li>Docker, Terraform, ArgoCD and, EKS provided by the Cloud team to run the platform&nbsp;</li>
<li>DataDog for monitoring, observability and automated SLOs</li>
<li>GitHub, Semgrep and solid testing to power the CI/CD pipelines - new joiners are encouraged to have something deployed to production in their first week&nbsp;</li>
<li>Angular on Web, Flutter for our mobile app, but from time to time we use Swift and Kotlin</li>
<li>Fivetran/BigQuery/Looker for the BI insights and Python/FastAPI/Faust + some ML libs for the automated decisioning and risk management&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>WHAT YOU’LL GET IN RETURN:</strong></p>
<p></p>
<ul>
<li><strong>Competitive Compensation</strong> -&nbsp; competitive salary and share options</li>
<li><strong>Time Off </strong>– Generous annual leave on top of bank holidays.</li>
<li><strong>Parental Leave</strong> – Paid maternity, paternity, and adoption leave to support your family journey.</li>
<li><strong>Sabbatical </strong>– Extended unpaid and paid leave options after completing milestone years with Tide.</li>
<li><strong>Health Insurance</strong> – Private family insurance with additional OPD coverage and top-up options.</li>
<li><strong>Life &amp; Accident Cover</strong> – Comprehensive accidental and life insurance protection.</li>
<li><strong>Mental Wellbeing</strong> – Access to therapy sessions, courses, meditations, and workshops.</li>
<li><strong>Volunteering &amp; Development Days</strong> – Paid days annually for volunteering or personal growth.</li>
<li><strong>Learning &amp; Development </strong>– Annual budget for books, courses, coaching, and more.</li>
<li><strong>WOO (Work Outside the Office)</strong> – Work from abroad for up to 90 days annually.</li>
<li><strong>Home Office Setup </strong>– Contribution towards setting up your home office</li>
<li><strong>Laptop Ownership</strong> – Keep your old laptop and get a new one when it’s time for a replacement.</li>
<li><strong>Snacks &amp; Meals</strong> – Office perks with snacks, coffee, tea, and lunch (location dependent).</li>
</ul>
<p></p>
<p><strong>Tidean Ways of Working&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>At Tide, we’re Member First and Data Driven, but above all, we’re One Team. Our Working Out of Office (WOO) policy allows you to work from anywhere in the world for up to 90 days a year. We are remote first, but when you do want to meet new people, collaborate with your team or simply hang out with your colleagues, our offices are always available and equipped to the highest standard. We offer flexible working hours and trust our employees to do their work well, at times that suit them and their team.</p>
<h3>&nbsp;</h3><div class="content-conclusion"><h3>TIDE IS A PLACE FOR EVERYONE</h3>
<p>At Tide, we believe that we can only succeed if we let our differences enrich our culture. Our Tideans come from a variety of backgrounds and experience levels. We consider everyone irrespective of their ethnicity, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, family or parental status, national origin, veteran, neurodiversity or differently-abled status. We celebrate diversity in our workforce as a cornerstone of our success. Our commitment to a broad spectrum of ideas and backgrounds is what enables us to build products that resonate with our members’ diverse needs and lives.&nbsp;</p>
<p>We are One Team and foster a transparent and inclusive environment, where everyone’s voice is heard.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><em>At Tide, we thrive on diversity, embracing various backgrounds and experiences. We welcome all individuals regardless of ethnicity, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, or disability. Our inclusive culture is key to our success, helping us build products that meet our members' diverse needs. We are One Team, committed to transparency and ensuring everyone’s voice is heard.</em></p>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section">&nbsp;</div>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section"><strong>Disclaimer</strong></div>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section">&nbsp;</div>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section"><em>It has come to our attention that individuals or agencies are falsely claiming to represent Tide and are reaching out to candidates regarding job opportunities. Please be aware that:</em></div>
<ul class="p-rich\_text\_list p-rich\_text\_list\_\_bullet p-rich\_text\_list--nested" data-stringify-type="unordered-list" data-list-tree="true" data-indent="0" data-border="0">
<li style="font-style: italic;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><em>Tide does&nbsp;<strong data-stringify-type="bold">not</strong>&nbsp;charge any fees at any stage of the recruitment process.</em></li>
<li style="font-style: italic;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><em>All official Tide job opportunities are listed exclusively on our&nbsp;<a href="https://www.tide.co/careers/" target="\_blank"><strong data-stringify-type="bold">Careers Page</strong></a>&nbsp;and applications should be submitted through this channel.</em></li>
<li style="font-style: italic;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><em>Communication from Tide will only come from an official&nbsp;<strong data-stringify-type="bold">@tide</strong><strong data-stringify-type="bold">.co</strong>&nbsp;email address.</em></li>
<li style="font-style: italic;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><em>Tide does not work with agencies or recruiters without prior formal engagement, and we do not authorize third parties to make job offers on our behalf.</em></li>
</ul>
<p><em>If you are contacted by anyone misrepresenting Tide or requesting payment, please treat it as fraudulent and report it to us immediately at <a href="mailto:talent@tide.co" target="\_blank">talent@tide.co</a><br>Your safety and trust are important to us, and we are committed to ensuring a fair and transparent recruitment process.</em></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><em><em data-stringify-type="italic">Tide leverages AI to enhance our hiring experience. You can read more about how we use AI in our recruitment process in our <a href="https://assets.ctfassets.net/3h69mkdgxn20/5MFtWSdG8YLKq3jZkK52NY/3f18633073e6cdbd03bba4b9791c64f4/Using\_AI\_throughout\_the\_Hiring\_Process.pdf" target="\_blank">AI Policy</a>.</em></em></p>
<p><em><em data-stringify-type="italic">Your personal data will be processed by Tide for recruitment purposes and in accordance with </em><em data-stringify-type="italic"><a class="c-link" href="https://assets.ctfassets.net/3h69mkdgxn20/4TE0uAE3SXomATDVneocNA/aa31893960b4064dd406ad15d029dcd3/Recruitment\_Privacy\_Notice.pdf" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://assets.ctfassets.net/3h69mkdgxn20/1MYf6q4ZMWugpeaROVETBN/526e9c160a2de03576413c81657c6466/Recruitment\_Privacy\_Notice\_\_Final\_Draft\_\_Sep\_2024\_.pdf" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">Tide's Recruitment Privacy Notice</a></em><em data-stringify-type="italic">.</em></em></p></div>