<div class="content-intro"><h3>ABOUT TIDE</h3>
<p>At Tide we help SMEs save time (and money) in the running of their businesses by not only offering business accounts and related banking services, but also a comprehensive set of highly usable and connected administrative solutions from invoicing to accounting.</p>
<p>Tide is transforming the small business banking market with over 1.8 million members globally across the UK, India, Germany and France.</p>
<p>Using advanced technology, all solutions are designed with SMEs in mind. With quick onboarding, low fees and innovative features, we thrive on making data-driven decisions to serve our mission: to help SMEs save both time (and money) so they can get back to doing what they love.</p>
<p><strong>Tide facts:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Tide is available for UK, Indian, German and French SMEs</li>
<li>Over 1.8 million members: 800,000 UK and 1,000,000 in India and growing rapidly</li>
<li>Over $300 million raised in funding</li>
<li>Over 2,500 Tideans globally - we’re diversity champions!</li>
<li>We have offices in Central London, with a member support and technology centre in Sofia, Bulgaria, technology centres in Serbia, Romania, Lithuania and Hyderabad and offices in Gurugram and New Delhi, and in Berlin, Paris and Luxembourg.</li>
</ul></div><h1><span style="font-size: 12pt;">ABOUT THE ROLE</span></h1>
<p>The Admin Services team builds and manages tools for small and medium enterprises (SMEs), simplifying accounting, tax compliance, invoicing, bookkeeping, transaction enrichment, payroll, and expense management. By automating administrative work, we help SMEs save time, reduce complexity, and operate with confidence - so they can focus on growth.&nbsp;</p>
<p>We are looking for an experienced and motivated Operations Manager to lead this mission.</p>
<p>In this role, you’ll help build, scale, and maintain products, collaborating with product owners, data analysts, support teams, developers, and external partners to drive operational excellence and establish scalable practices - all with a focus on delivering maximum value to our members!&nbsp;</p>
<h2><span style="font-size: 12pt;">WHAT YOU WILL BE DOING</span></h2>
<ul>
<li>Establish and optimize L3 support escalation workflows, acting as the primary PoC for product-related issues and driving rapid resolution across Engineering, Product, and Support teams.</li>
<li>Own end-to-end operational processes, ensuring workflows across stakeholders are stable, efficient, well-documented, and scalable.</li>
<li>Partner with Product owners on Go-To-Market (GTM) initiatives to enable seamless launches of new features with minimal risk and member disruption.</li>
<li>Identify operational risks and inefficiencies, collaborating with Engineering to implement safeguards and contingency strategies.</li>
<li>Provide operational support during incidents, map critical dependencies, contribute to root cause analysis, and implement monitoring to reduce recurrence.</li>
<li>Define and track KPIs, partnering with Product and Data teams to build dashboards, reports, and alerts for effective product health monitoring.</li>
<li>Manage external vendors by overseeing SLAs, tracking performance metrics, and resolving third-party issues to ensure optimal outcomes.</li>
<li>Mentor and develop Operations Analysts and Senior Operations Analysts, setting objectives and fostering continuous growth and performance.</li>
<li>Cultivate a high-performance, data-driven culture, influencing cross-functional stakeholders and driving measurable business impact.</li>
<li>Support talent acquisition by contributing to hiring and interview processes to scale and strengthen the operations team.</li>
</ul>
<h2><span style="font-size: 12pt;"><strong>YOU WILL BE A GREAT FIT IF</strong></span></h2>
<ul>
<li>You have 5+ years of experience in operations, technology, or finance, with a proven track record of thriving in a challenging and a fast-paced environment.</li>
<li>You are experienced in managing and resolving escalations, ensuring timely outcomes and effective cross-functional coordination</li>
<li>You view data as the core of decision-making. You are proficient in Excel/Google Sheets, SQL, and Looker for performance monitoring and automation.</li>
<li>You can move from deep-dive technical troubleshooting with developers to high-level strategic reporting for stakeholders.</li>
<li>You enjoy designing processes from scratch, spotting potential bottlenecks before they happen, and embedding "lessons learned" into the team's DNA.</li>
<li>You understand the concept of APIs and webhooks and how they can be utilized to automate and streamline complex business processes. You are comfortable with ambiguity, thrive in complex technical environments, and can influence others to drive the right business outcomes.</li>
</ul>
<h3><span style="font-size: 12pt;">WHAT YOU WILL GET IN RETURN:&nbsp;</span></h3>
<p>Our location-specific employee benefits are designed to cater to the unique needs of Tideans:</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li><strong>Competitive Compensation</strong> -&nbsp; competitive salary and share options</li>
<li><strong>Time Off </strong>– Generous annual leave on top of bank holidays.</li>
<li><strong>Parental Leave</strong> – Paid maternity, paternity, and adoption leave to support your family journey.</li>
<li><strong>Sabbatical </strong>– Extended unpaid and paid leave options after completing milestone years with Tide.</li>
<li><strong>Health Insurance</strong> – Private family insurance with additional OPD coverage and top-up options.</li>
<li><strong>Life &amp; Accident Cover</strong> – Comprehensive accidental and life insurance protection.</li>
<li><strong>Mental Wellbeing</strong> – Access to therapy sessions, courses, meditations, and workshops.</li>
<li><strong>Volunteering &amp; Development Days</strong> – Paid days annually for volunteering or personal growth.</li>
<li><strong>Learning &amp; Development </strong>– Annual budget for books, courses, coaching, and more.</li>
<li><strong>WOO (Work Outside the Office)</strong> – Work from abroad for up to 90 days annually.</li>
<li><strong>Home Office Setup </strong>– Contribution towards setting up your home office</li>
<li><strong>Laptop Ownership</strong> – Keep your old laptop and get a new one when it’s time for a replacement.</li>
<li><strong>Snacks &amp; Meals</strong> – Office perks with snacks, coffee, tea, and lunch (location dependent).</li>
</ul>
<h2><span style="font-size: 12pt;"><strong>TIDEAN WAYS OF WORKING:</strong></span></h2>
<p>At Tide, we champion a <strong>flexible workplace </strong>model that<strong> </strong>supports both in-person and remote work to cater to the specific needs of our different teams.&nbsp;</p>
<p>While remote work is supported, we believe in the power of face-to-face interactions to foster team spirit and collaboration. Our offices are designed as hubs for innovation and team-building, where we encourage regular in-person gatherings to foster a strong sense of community.</p>
<p><br><span style="color: rgb(255, 255, 255);">#LI-SW1</span></p><div class="content-conclusion"><h3>TIDE IS A PLACE FOR EVERYONE</h3>
<p>At Tide, we believe that we can only succeed if we let our differences enrich our culture. Our Tideans come from a variety of backgrounds and experience levels. We consider everyone irrespective of their ethnicity, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, family or parental status, national origin, veteran, neurodiversity or differently-abled status. We celebrate diversity in our workforce as a cornerstone of our success. Our commitment to a broad spectrum of ideas and backgrounds is what enables us to build products that resonate with our members’ diverse needs and lives.&nbsp;</p>
<p>We are One Team and foster a transparent and inclusive environment, where everyone’s voice is heard.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><em>At Tide, we thrive on diversity, embracing various backgrounds and experiences. We welcome all individuals regardless of ethnicity, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, or disability. Our inclusive culture is key to our success, helping us build products that meet our members' diverse needs. We are One Team, committed to transparency and ensuring everyone’s voice is heard.</em></p>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section">&nbsp;</div>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section"><strong>Disclaimer</strong></div>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section">&nbsp;</div>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section"><em>It has come to our attention that individuals or agencies are falsely claiming to represent Tide and are reaching out to candidates regarding job opportunities. Please be aware that:</em></div>
<ul class="p-rich\_text\_list p-rich\_text\_list\_\_bullet p-rich\_text\_list--nested" data-stringify-type="unordered-list" data-list-tree="true" data-indent="0" data-border="0">
<li style="font-style: italic;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><em>Tide does&nbsp;<strong data-stringify-type="bold">not</strong>&nbsp;charge any fees at any stage of the recruitment process.</em></li>
<li style="font-style: italic;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><em>All official Tide job opportunities are listed exclusively on our&nbsp;<a href="https://www.tide.co/careers/" target="\_blank"><strong data-stringify-type="bold">Careers Page</strong></a>&nbsp;and applications should be submitted through this channel.</em></li>
<li style="font-style: italic;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><em>Communication from Tide will only come from an official&nbsp;<strong data-stringify-type="bold">@tide</strong><strong data-stringify-type="bold">.co</strong>&nbsp;email address.</em></li>
<li style="font-style: italic;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><em>Tide does not work with agencies or recruiters without prior formal engagement, and we do not authorize third parties to make job offers on our behalf.</em></li>
</ul>
<p><em>If you are contacted by anyone misrepresenting Tide or requesting payment, please treat it as fraudulent and report it to us immediately at <a href="mailto:talent@tide.co" target="\_blank">talent@tide.co</a><br>Your safety and trust are important to us, and we are committed to ensuring a fair and transparent recruitment process.</em></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><em><em data-stringify-type="italic">Tide leverages AI to enhance our hiring experience. You can read more about how we use AI in our recruitment process in our <a href="https://assets.ctfassets.net/3h69mkdgxn20/5MFtWSdG8YLKq3jZkK52NY/3f18633073e6cdbd03bba4b9791c64f4/Using\_AI\_throughout\_the\_Hiring\_Process.pdf" target="\_blank">AI Policy</a>.</em></em></p>
<p><em><em data-stringify-type="italic">Your personal data will be processed by Tide for recruitment purposes and in accordance with </em><em data-stringify-type="italic"><a class="c-link" href="https://assets.ctfassets.net/3h69mkdgxn20/4TE0uAE3SXomATDVneocNA/aa31893960b4064dd406ad15d029dcd3/Recruitment\_Privacy\_Notice.pdf" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://assets.ctfassets.net/3h69mkdgxn20/1MYf6q4ZMWugpeaROVETBN/526e9c160a2de03576413c81657c6466/Recruitment\_Privacy\_Notice\_\_Final\_Draft\_\_Sep\_2024\_.pdf" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">Tide's Recruitment Privacy Notice</a></em><em data-stringify-type="italic">.</em></em></p></div>