<div class="job\_\_description body">
<div>
<p>Canonical is a leading provider of open source software and operating systems to the global enterprise and technology markets. Our platform, Ubuntu, is very widely used in breakthrough enterprise initiatives such as public cloud, data science, AI, engineering innovation, and IoT. Our customers include the world's leading public cloud and silicon providers, and industry leaders in many sectors. The company is a pioneer of global distributed collaboration, with 1200+ colleagues in 75+ countries and very few office-based roles. Teams meet two to four times yearly in person, in interesting locations around the world, to align on strategy and execution.</p>
<p>The company is founder-led, profitable, and growing.</p>
<p>We are hiring a&nbsp;<strong>Staff-level Software Engineer for Identity Management</strong> to work on&nbsp;<span style="font-weight: 400;">authorization and access management across Canonical's suite of enterprise products and web services, using Go (Golang) and Python.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">As a software engineer for Identity Management products of Canonical, you will modernize and expand the capabilities of the identity management solutions we use for authentication and authorization in our products, as well as our</span><a href="https://canonical.com"><span style="font-weight: 400;"> </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">canonical.com</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and</span><a href="https://ubuntu.com"><span style="font-weight: 400;"> </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">ubuntu.com</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> websites. Your work on Identity Management will directly impact the users of all Canonical products. In addition, you will help write&nbsp;<a href="https://juju.is/">Juju</a> charms to manage operational concerns.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Technical excellence and a background in software engineering are necessary prerequisites for this role. You will be expected to own the design and delivery of the system, facilitate integrations and work with your team on strategy and execution.</span></p>
<p><strong>Location:&nbsp;</strong><em>This role will be based remotely in the EMEA and AMER regions.</em></p>
<h3><strong>The role entails</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Collaborate proactively with a distributed team, leading technical efforts and discussions</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Write clean web service APIs to support both CLI and web frontend clients, using Go (Golang) and Python</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Design and implement new features and enhancements from spec to production and ongoing operations at scale</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Review code produced by other engineers, helping set quality standards</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Discuss ideas and collaborate on finding good solutions</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Create and enhance management, authentication and authorization API endpoints</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Craft end-user authentication flows from design to implementation</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Write <a href="https://juju.is/">Juju</a> charms (operators) to manage operational concerns</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Modernize the identity stack of our websites and products by driving adoption of best-of-breed IAM technologies&nbsp;</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Deliver great products that users love by maintaining a culture of quality and engineering excellence</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Work from home with global travel 2 to 4 weeks per year for internal and external events</span></li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>What we are looking for in you</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">You are a staff-level or experienced senior software engineer, with specific experience building identity and access management products&nbsp;</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">You are familiar with the open source software, standards, protocols and concepts in the identity space (e.g. OpenID, OAuth, LDAP)</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">You have experience implementing authorization frameworks in distributed systems</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">You value secure coding and standards, and enjoy working on teams that do the same</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">You are comfortable with Ubuntu as a development and deployment platform</span></li>
</ul>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">In addition:</span></p>
<ul>
<li>Exceptional academic track record from both high school and university</li>
<li>Undergraduate degree in a technical subject or a compelling narrative about your alternative chosen path</li>
<li>Professional written and spoken English with excellent presentation skills</li>
<li>Excellent interpersonal skills, curiosity, flexibility, and accountability</li>
<li>Ability to travel internationally twice a year for company events up to two weeks long</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>What we offer colleagues</strong></h3>
<p>We consider geographical location, experience, and performance in shaping compensation worldwide. We revisit compensation annually (and more often for graduates and associates) to ensure we recognize outstanding performance. In addition to base pay, we offer a performance-driven annual bonus or commission. We provide all team members with additional benefits which reflect our values and ideals. We balance our programs to meet local needs and ensure fairness globally.</p>
<ul>
<li>Distributed work environment with twice-yearly team conferences in person</li>
<li>Personal learning and development budget of USD 2,000 per year</li>
<li>Annual compensation review</li>
<li>Recognition rewards</li>
<li>Annual holiday leave</li>
<li>Maternity and paternity leave</li>
<li>Team Member Assistance Program &amp; Wellness Platform</li>
<li>Opportunity to travel to new locations to meet colleagues</li>
<li>Priority Pass and travel upgrades for long-haul company events</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>About Canonical</strong></h3>
<p>Canonical is a pioneering tech firm at the forefront of the global move to open source. As the company that publishes Ubuntu, one of the most important open-source projects and the platform for AI, IoT, and the cloud, we are changing the world of software. We recruit on a global basis and set a very high standard for people joining the company. We expect excellence; in order to succeed, we need to be the best at what we do. Most colleagues at Canonical have worked from home since our inception in 2004.​ Working here is a step into the future and will challenge you to think differently, work smarter, learn new skills, and raise your game.</p>
<p><strong>Canonical is an equal opportunity employer</strong></p>
<p>We are proud to foster a workplace free from discrimination. Diversity of experience, perspectives, and background create a better work environment and better products.<a href="https://canonical.com/careers/diversity/identity"> Whatever your identity, we will give your application fair consideration.</a></p>
<p>#LI-remote</p>
</div>
</div>