<h4><strong>Team Summary</strong></h4>
<p>Our team operates on a foundation of high-touch service and active collaboration and manages six core functional areas: Office Services, Infrastructure, Procurement, Logistics, Travel, and Automation. We prioritize an open communication environment and shared cross-functional goals to deliver the most balanced solutions for our customers based on internal feedback which helps to refine and polish our Team's approaches.</p>
<h4><strong>Job Summary</strong></h4>
<p>We are seeking a specialist with a customer-focused mindset who will proactively manage office services operations, workspace experience, automation of routine processes and maintain a transparent and friendly flow of information. We value strong collaboration and expect a colleague who excels in giving and receiving open feedback and takes ownership of ensuring that our workspace and services operate smoothly.</p>
<h4><strong>Responsibilities &amp; Duties</strong></h4>
<ul>
<li>Infrastructure and location management: ensuring uninterrupted operation of all systems and location, organization of regular purchases of supplies, implementation of infrastructure improvements.</li>
<li>Office supplies &amp; vendors management: formation and control of the annual and monthly budget, coordination of document flow, monitoring suppliers market offerings for better-balanced opportunities.</li>
<li>Office Services Management: coordination of office services, supplier relations and issue resolution, management of working areas and their usage, support of internal logistics (documentation/packages sending, move сoordination).</li>
<li>Internal Communication and Customer Experience: Single Point of Contact for colleagues on locations, ensuring timely and high-quality processing of requests, providing updates from the administrative department via corporate channels.</li>
</ul>
<h4><strong>Qualifications &amp; Skills</strong></h4>
<ul>
<li>Financial literacy and document management</li>
<li>Technological literacy: confident use of digital tools ( MS Excel / Google Sheets)</li>
<li>Capability to swiftly learn new software and AI tools</li>
<li>Technical administration of the location and understanding of the principles of system operation.</li>
<li>Project Management: planning and implementation of changes (renovations, redevelopment, service improvements)</li>
<li>Customer-focused approach with proactive ownership, strong execution, high adaptability, and attention to details</li>
<li>Effective collaboration with a team and contractors, with strong communication and negotiation skills, managing projects both onsite and remotely.</li>
</ul>
<h4><strong>We offer multiple benefits that include</strong></h4>
<ul>
<li>The environment of equal opportunities, transparent and value-based corporate culture and an individual approach to each team member.</li>
<li>Competitive compensation and perks. Annual performance review.</li>
<li>Gig-contract.</li>
<li>21 paid vacation days per year, paid public holidays according to the Ukrainian legislation.</li>
<li>Development opportunities like corporate courses, knowledge hubs, and free English classes as well as educational leaves.</li>
<li>Medical insurance is provided from day one. Sick leaves and medical leaves are available.</li>
<li>Free meals, fruits, and snacks when working in the office.</li>
</ul>