**At Saily,** we’re removing the hassle of staying connected while traveling — no roaming fees, no plastic SIM cards, just lightning-fast, secure mobile data in 200+ destinations. Saily has millions of paying customers and hundreds of thousands travelers browsing through Saily at any given moment.

To build the best product for our customers we foster **AI-native Product Engineering culture**, where:

- The Engineer is the builder, who is responsible for solving customer problems end-to-end (idea to production)  
- AI Agents are the enablers who write most of the code and solve repeatable  tasks to  help the Engineers  maximize their impact  
- Everyone contributes to making Saily effective by suggesting new areas for improvement to delegate to agents and then implementing the changes  
- Curiosity, learning and sharing are everyone's responsibility  
**- Customer, having a comfortable, connected, hassle-free journey** is never lost from the focus

We value growth over comfort, contribution over hierarchy, and impact over process. **At Saily,** we believe in giving sharp people context, autonomy, and AI as their multiplier to allow them to just do their best work.

## Main Responsibilities

- You will contribute as a team member to the development effort for Saily for Android devices. This includes interacting with our existing backend REST APIs, providing feedback based on mobile needs, and working with our web, backend, and UX teams to build new features and enhance the quality of existing ones. You will also coordinate with our Product Owners and QA/Support team to ensure our Android app consistently retains a high standard of quality
- Debug and resolve issues reported by users and internal testing teams
- Be a part of a growing development team that consists of engineers with a Kotlin background and QAs
- Stay up to date with cutting-edge tools, patterns, and methodologies to ensure excellent quality of the code. It’s all about that code
- Drive the adoption of AI across mobile platform and our broader tech stack. You will be the one auditing the AI landscape, baking it into our daily workflows and refactoring our project structures so agentic coding actually feels seamless

## Core Requirements

- 3+ years of extensive Android development
- Fluent with Kotlin, MVVM Clean architecture, Room or SQLite databases, and reactive programming libraries such as Coroutines
- Knowledge of the latest trends and libraries in the Android ecosystem, such as Jetpack Compose and Hilt
- Debug and resolve issues reported by users and internal testing teams
- Experience with debugging tools and solving problems reported by users
- Experience in writing unit and UI tests
- Excellent knowledge of Android APIs and SDK
- Experience working with large codebases

## Bonus Points For

- Networking knowledge and previous experience in developing telecommunication solutions
- Experience with the agile methodology

## Tools You Will Use

- Kotlin
- Android Studio
- Hilt
- Coroutines
- Jetpack Compose

## Salary Ranges

- Gross salary: 5,600 - 7,000 EUR/month

**What We Offer**

**Innovate with industry leaders**

Work alongside global experts to build world-leading cybersecurity tools, impacting millions of users around the world.

**Learn & grow**

Boost your skills via our extensive training programs (online and offline) & other resources. Benefit from mentorship and career-switch opportunities to grow within the company.

**Work in a next-gen Cyber City office**

Thrive in our bustling office, featuring ergonomic workspaces, modern meeting rooms, engaging events, and specialty coffee to fuel your day.

**Hybrid work**

Enjoy the flexibility with 3 office days and working from home for the remaining 2.

**Work from anywhere**

Recharge with a change of scenery – choose work from any location when you feel a need to power your creativity and drive.

**Physical well-being**

Boost your health with free-of-charge 24/7 gym access, onsite and online workouts, and consultations led by in-house Physical Well-Being experts.

**Mental & emotional health**

Nurture your mind with free psychologist consultations, dedicated mental health events, and premium access to top-rated wellness apps like Calm, Headspace, and Mindletic.

**Premium healthcare**

Receive private health insurance giving you peace of mind for your health needs.

**Extra days off**

Enjoy additional vacation days off as you grow with us. Plus, get extra days for sick leave, special occasions, or parenting needs.

**Joyful moments – special treats**

Celebrate life’s big moments with special gifts from us on your birthday, anniversary, and other major events, such as weddings or the arrival of a new family member.

**Company events & team-building**

Experience iconic Nord Security celebrations, team-buildings, and knowledge-sharing events, nurturing bonds that fuel our success.

**Workation**

Embark on a legendary company getaway abroad, filled with exciting activities, live concerts, engaging workshops, and epic time together.

*Kindly refer to our Privacy Notice for Recruitment Candidates for comprehensive information regarding our data handling procedures throughout recruitment processes:* <https://bit.ly/40GWyjL>

*We expect all candidates to provide accurate and complete information during the recruitment process. While limited use of AI tools to refine application materials is acceptable, candidates remain fully responsible for ensuring that their submissions reflect their own qualifications, skills, and experience. Any failure to do so may negatively affect participation in the recruitment process. If broader AI assistance is allowed for a particular role or stage, we’ll let you know in advance.*

*By submitting your application, you acknowledge that it may be processed using automated tools for evaluation purposes. As part of our recruitment process, we may use an AI-based application review tool to help assess applications based on skills and experience relevant to the role. This technology is used to support - not replace - human decision-making, and every application is ultimately reviewed by a recruiter.*

*If you would like more information about how AI is used in this process or wish to exercise your rights under applicable data privacy laws, please contact us at [privacy@nordaccount.com](mailto:privacy@nordaccount.com). Should you prefer to opt out of the automated evaluation, please submit your application directly to [career@nordsec.com](mailto:career@nordsec.com).*