<h2><strong>Sales Engineer, NA West</strong></h2>
<p><strong>🌎 Remote - U.S. or Canada - Pacific or Mountain time zone | ✈️ Quarterly Travel</strong></p>
<h2><strong>About Akuity</strong></h2>
<p>With the move to the cloud, Kubernetes has become widely adopted by DevOps and Platform Engineering teams, but it has also added complexity. While scaling Kubernetes at Intuit, the Akuity founders started building Argo CD in order to streamline the adoption of Kubernetes. Argo CD helps developers own, understand and deploy their K8s deployments via GitOps.</p>
<p>Today, Argo CD is the third most popular project in the CNCF (Cloud Native Computing Foundation) and is used by 70% of companies who are using Kubernetes in production. The list of Argo CD users includes companies like Intuit, BlackRock, Tesla, Major League Baseball, Peloton, and many more.</p>
<p>The team founded Akuity in 2021 to enable enterprises to ship software faster and more reliably with modern GitOps best practices. The Akuity Platform enables teams to manage the development and deployment across hundreds – if not thousands – of Kubernetes clusters from a single control plane. Trusted by top companies around the globe, the Akuity Platform provides the only end-to-end GitOps platform for the enterprises.</p>
<p>Our mission is to simplify the software delivery process so that DevOps and Platform Engineering teams can move fast, and deploy code effortlessly without the fear of breaking things.</p>
<h2><strong>The Opportunity</strong></h2>
<p>As a <strong>Sales Engineer </strong>at Akuity, you will work directly with prospects and customers to understand their technical challenges and demonstrate how our solutions address their needs. You will develop trusted relationships by actively listening, articulating value clearly, and guiding customers through the evaluation process. This is a highly collaborative role partnering closely with Sales, Product, and Engineering to deliver exceptional customer experiences.&nbsp;</p>
<h2><strong>What You’ll Do</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Engage in technical discussions with prospects and customers throughout the buying lifecycle.</li>
<li>Partner cross-functionally with Sales and Product Marketing to develop and deliver high-impact presentations, custom demos, and proof of concepts.</li>
<li>Create sample solutions and tailored use cases to showcase Akuity’s platform capabilities.</li>
<li>Collect detailed customer requirements to inform accurate scoping and resource planning for implementations.</li>
<li>Serve as a trusted technical advisor to customers and advocate for their needs internally.</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>What We Look For</strong></h2>
<p><strong>Must Have</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>5+ years of experience in a technical pre-sales, solutions engineering, or related role or a BS in Computer Science with at least 2 years of relevant experience.</li>
<li>Strong knowledge of technical tools in CI/CD, infrastructure, and cloud environments.</li>
<li>Passion for developing expertise in Argo, Kargo, and the broader cloud-native ecosystem (e.g., Kubernetes, Terraform).</li>
<li>Excellent communication skills with the ability to craft compelling, value-focused product demonstrations.</li>
<li>Enjoys engaging with customers both onsite and remotely to build relationships and support evaluations.</li>
<li>Eager to collaborate with Sales to build and execute go-to-market strategies.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Nice to Have</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Knowledge of Argo CD, Kargo, and/or open-source enterprise sales.</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Why Akuity?</strong></h2>
<p>At Akuity, we believe open-source software is the most impactful way to build lasting technology. We founded this company to advocate for Argo, share our expertise, and be a trusted partner to its users.</p>
<p>Our culture is grounded in humility, authenticity, and diversity. We value people from different backgrounds and paths in life. We trust our team members to take ownership, act responsibly, and support one another. If you are collaborative, curious, and dedicated to helping customers succeed, we’d love to meet you.</p>
<p><em>Akuity is proud to be an equal-opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics.</em></p>