<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Property &amp; Casualty License Required</strong></p>
<p><strong>Up to 75% Travel Required&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>Fetch Pet Insurance, a tech-enabled pet wellness company, has consistently been an innovative leader in the pet insurance industry, offering the most extensive and all-inclusive pet insurance and health advice.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Put simply, Fetch makes vet bills affordable. We offer a comprehensive product that does not have any restrictions based on breed, age, or size. We are believers in helping pets get through their bad days but also focus on extending the good days. How do we do that? – through a wide portfolio of products + offerings, which include Fetch Health Forecast, our pet health and lifestyle blog, The Dig, and our partnerships with Project Street Vet and animal no-kill shelters across North America.</p>
<p>At Fetch, you are a part of that innovation. We value transparency among our coworkers and always have an open line of communication. Ask anyone who works here, it is an all-hands-on-deck, cross-functional, collaborative effort, where you will be able to interact with brilliant, creative, like-minded individuals who have an equally immense passion for pets.</p>
<p>We are currently seeking a Travel&nbsp;<strong>Pet Insurance Sales Associate</strong>&nbsp;to join our amazing team! Want to explore the nation on Fetch's dime while racking up travel miles and spending time with our four-legged friends? Successful candidates will be goal-oriented, self starters, focused on converting opportunities into sales, while delighting customers with a best in class customer experience. You are someone that has a passion for furry friends and wants to help their human companions understand the value of protecting them with the most comprehensive pet insurance available. You will have a customer-first mindset, listening to the customer’s needs and working with them to customize and create the best outcome.</p>
<p><strong>RESPONSIBILITIES.</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Willing to travel, up to but not limited to, 75% nationwide</li>
<li>Representing Fetch as a confident, friendly, trusted advisor to sell pet insurance policies to prospective pet parents at our partner locations&nbsp;</li>
<li>Communicating competitive advantages of Fetch; demonstrating a deep understanding of Fetch and competitor pet health insurance products</li>
<li>Turning prospects into loyal clients, raving fans, and repeat customers</li>
<li>Handle a high volume of incoming and outgoing customer communications (calls and emails) to full completion</li>
<li>Track your daily progress against set goals to exceed and maximize our uncapped commission plan</li>
<li>Accurately recording prospect and customer information in Fetch CRM</li>
<li>Establishing productive, professional relationships with key personnel at our partner locations to assist in meeting performance objectives and partner expectations monthly</li>
<li>Collaborating with leadership to identify opportunities for new business</li>
<li>Communicating with your peers via chat to identify challenges and successes</li>
<li>Virtually attending monthly company meetings or check-ins as required</li>
<li>Managing expense budget and submitting completed reports monthly</li>
<li>Managing all administrative tasks and responsibilities relative to the partnership</li>
<li>Living up to Fetch’s commitment to continuously exceed customer expectations</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>REQUIRED SKILLS.</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Ability to travel to various shelters across the country. Some travel may be regional and within driving distance, while other travel may be national and require air travel&nbsp;&nbsp;</li>
<li>&nbsp;Ability to structure your work week during peak hours a must (Friday-Sunday) when it is most lucrative for the agent</li>
<li>Active Property &amp; Casualty (P&amp;C) license or&nbsp;<em>willing to obtain a P&amp;C license at the expense of the Company within 30 days of employment (subject to state requirements)</em></li>
<li>Proven self-starter with 3-5 years in an animal care role or a sales role</li>
<li>Energized by being an industry pioneer</li>
<li>Passion for prospecting new sales opportunities on a daily basis (must enjoy speaking with people face to face as well as being able to sell over the phone)</li>
<li>Familiar with animal health or animal welfare a plus, but not required</li>
<li>Ability to think and act independently within a fast-paced sales cycle</li>
<li>Proven success in building relationships using a consultative, solution-focused approach</li>
<li>Demonstrated customer service skills and the ability to understand Fetch's customers’ needs</li>
<li>Must be willing to travel to various industry events as required</li>
<li>Excellent verbal, interpersonal and written communication skills</li>
<li>Excellent team player; proven ability to apply innovative ideas and critical thinking</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Professional Traits</strong>&nbsp;that are not unique to this position, but necessary for Fetch employees:</p>
<ul>
<li>Exhibits excellent business judgment</li>
<li>Positive attitude</li>
<li>Sets the bar high for team standards&nbsp;</li>
<li>Is action and results-oriented and self-reliant</li>
</ul>
<p>This is a full-time position, employees receive competitive compensation.</p>
<p>As a company, we understand the importance of work-life balance and prioritize the mental health + well-being of our employees, ensuring you can thrive both professionally and personally.</p>
<p>Not just pets, we want our employees to live their best lives, too — here at Fetch, you will have:</p>
<ul>
<li>401k matching&nbsp;</li>
<li>Personal paid time off - 20 days accrued annually, 9 holidays, 1 floating holiday&nbsp;</li>
<li>One additional day of PTO is added each year on your anniversary with the company; a maximum of 30 days</li>
<li>Volunteering - eligible to earn up to 8 floating holiday hours per calendar year&nbsp;</li>
<li>Educational Assistance Programs&nbsp;</li>
<li>Department incentive perks&nbsp;</li>
<li>Fetch Pet Insurance discount - 50% off, up to $1000 savings/year</li>
</ul>
<p>If you are passionate about furry friends and eager to educate pet owners on the value of protecting their beloved companions, this job is perfect! Join us at Fetch, where we help pets live their best lives and empower our employees to live theirs.</p>
<p>&nbsp;&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>—ABOUT FETCH—</strong></p>
<p><em>Fetch is a high-growth, Warburg-Pincus portfolio company. We are a passionate group of 200+ employees and partners across the U.S. and Canada dedicated to helping pets live their best lives. We have two offices (New York City, NY, and Winnipeg, Canada) and we currently provide security to over 360,000 pet parents.&nbsp;</em></p>
<p><em>We don’t just accept differences — we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products, and our community. We are proud to be an equal-opportunity employer. We recruit, hire, pay, grow, and promote no matter of gender, race, color, sexual orientation, religion, age, protected veteran status, physical and mental abilities, or any other identities protected by law.&nbsp;</em></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p><div class="content-pay-transparency"><div class="pay-input"><div class="title">NY pay range</div><div class="pay-range"><span>$55,000</span><span class="divider">&mdash;</span><span>$95,000 USD</span></div></div></div><div class="content-conclusion"><p></p>
<p><strong>Recruiting Fraud Alert</strong></p>
<p>At Fetch, your personal information and online safety are paramount. Please be aware that only Fetch Recruiters and Hiring Managers will contact you regarding your application or background. All official communications from Fetch employees will originate from a fetchpet.com email address. You will never be asked for payments, financial details, or sensitive information like social security numbers by our Recruiters or Hiring Managers.</p>
<p><br><br></p>
<p><strong>EEO Statement</strong></p>
<p><strong>Fetch is proud to be an equal opportunity employer.</strong></p>
<p>We’re committed to building a workplace that reflects the diversity of pet parents everywhere—hiring and developing individuals from all backgrounds and experiences to strengthen our inclusive, collaborative culture. We welcome applications from all qualified candidates regardless of race, color, religion, national origin, sex, gender, age, marital status, appearance, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, family responsibilities, disability, medical condition, student status, political affiliation, military or veteran status, citizenship, genetic information, or any other status protected by law. Fetch will provide reasonable accommodations for individuals with disabilities throughout the hiring process.&nbsp;</p>
<p>If you need assistance or an accommodation to apply, please contact us at people@fetchpet.com</p>
<p><br>Read our Privacy Notice for <a href="https://www.fetchpet.com/privacy-policy#Cali">California Residents</a></p>
<p></p></div>