<p><strong>This is Adyen</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Adyen provides payments, data, and financial products in a single solution for customers like Meta, Uber, H&amp;M, and Microsoft - making us the financial technology platform of choice. At Adyen, everything we do is engineered for ambition.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">For our teams, we create an environment with opportunities for our people to succeed, backed by the culture and support to ensure they are enabled to truly own their careers. We are motivated individuals who tackle unique technical challenges at scale and solve them as a team. Together, we deliver innovative and ethical solutions that help businesses achieve their ambitions faster.]</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;"><strong>Commercial Partnerships Manager (Country Enablement)</strong></span></p>
<p>You are the go-to market expert for driving local margin growth by leveraging our global partner ecosystem and connecting internal teams.</p>
<p>We are looking for a born networker, driven and energetic who loves connecting with people and building strong relationships. Has high energy, a stand-out individual, a go-getter with a can-do attitude who's not afraid to take charge and make things happen.</p>
<p>You will help drive our guiding principles; supporting your Country’s goals and ambitions through the value of partnerships, orchestrating internal partnership resources to serve our business stakeholders and be the eyes and ears of the local markets, supporting a selection of key local strategic partners.</p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;"><strong>What you'll do</strong></span></p>
<ul>
<li>Be the eyes and ears of the market, driving deeper proactive relations with a selection of local strategic partners;</li>
<li>Initiating and developing commercial relationships with a variety of partners; top local market leaders, supporting SI ecosystem networks, key pillar enablers;</li>
<li>Orchestrating the wider partnership team and resources to to drive maximum local impact;</li>
<li>Driving partner recommendations and referrals that lead to new business wins;</li>
<li>Building powerful relationships with Adyen's sales, marketing, SDRs and account management teams to drive collective success</li>
<li>Attending partner events to promote Adyen's solutions, some of our partnership magic happens outside of typical working hours;</li>
<li>Enablement comes by understanding our joint value proposition with our partners and getting them as excited as we are when it comes to partnerships, you will be our chosen nominee</li>
<li>Being part of an inspiring and collaborative team environment with an open communication/feedback culture that we know drives success</li>
<li>Working closely with our Marketing teams to build best-in-class GTM activities, demonstrating a commercial mindset to deliver strong ROI&nbsp;</li>
<li>Be an ambassador to our newly launched Partner Program, highlighting the benefits to everyone and ensuring our Partners take advantage of the rewards</li>
<li>Help support and define the evolving strategy of Country Enablement, adapting to the growing commercial audience, supporting new and emerging verticals and the changing partnership landscape, underpinning Adyen’s Global Partnership Strategy;</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Who you are</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>You are a born networker with high energy, self-starter with a hands-on mentality and a commercial edge with an entrepreneurial mindset;</li>
<li>You’ll have an in-depth knowledge of the local market and have the ability to devise innovative new ways of working to achieve country goals and ambitions</li>
<li>Winning is more important than ego; you love working as a team</li>
<li>A proven commercial edge, a track record of delivering results, and the ability to build long-term relationships;</li>
<li>A storyteller with excellent presentation skills, able to deliver propositions the audience wants to retell</li>
<li>You have at least 5 years of working experience in a commercial role</li>
<li>You are willing to travel domestically and internationally, sometimes working outside typical working hours</li>
<li>You have full professional proficiency (written and verbal) in English and Spanish</li>
<li>You will have experience working as part of a global team</li>
<li>You can balance strategic thinking with world-class execution (our brilliant basics);</li>
<li>You are excited by having responsible for commercial goals and creating a measurable impact for the business</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Our Diversity, Equity and Inclusion commitments&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Our unique approach is a product of our diverse perspectives. This diversity of backgrounds and cultures is essential in helping us maintain our momentum. Our business and technical challenges are unique, and we need as many different voices as possible to join us in solving them - voices like yours. No matter who you are or where you’re from, we welcome you to be your true self at Adyen.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Studies show that women and members of underrepresented communities apply for jobs only if they meet 100% of the qualifications. Does this sound like you? If so, Adyen encourages you to reconsider and apply. We look forward to your application!</span></p>
<p><strong>What’s next?</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Ensuring a smooth and enjoyable candidate experience is critical for us. We aim to get back to you regarding your application within 5 business days. Our interview process tends to take about 4 weeks to complete, but may fluctuate depending on the role. </span><a href="https://careers.adyen.com/how-we-hire"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Learn more about our hiring process here</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">. Don’t be afraid to let us know if you need more flexibility.</span></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>This role is based out of our Madrid office. We are an office-first company and value in-person collaboration; we do not offer remote-only roles.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>