<h2><strong>Who we are</strong></h2>
<h3><strong>About Stripe</strong></h3>
<p>Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies - from the world’s largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups - use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyone's reach while doing the most important work of your career.</p>
<h3><strong>About the team</strong></h3>
<p>Stripe’s Professional Services Sales team works with our most strategic users; You will help customers accelerate their growth and adoption on Stripe. This role is responsible for leading strategic conversations during pre-sales that will transform the payments and financial infrastructure for leading enterprises, ultimately driving revenue growth through our professional service offerings.</p>
<h2><strong>What you’ll do</strong></h2>
<p>As an Enterprise Services Manager, you will sell large Professional Services engagements to strategic clients and drive Stripe’s future growth engine by building relationships with prospective users and turning them into happy Stripe users.</p>
<h3><strong>Responsibilities</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Own the entire Professional Services sales cycle for enterprise companies.</li>
<li>Partner with Account Executives on named account lists to develop account plans aimed at winning and expanding Professional Services business with enterprise clients.</li>
<li>Drive the success of Professional Services by managing and forecasting bookings.</li>
<li>Craft custom proposals that align with clients' business outcomes, utilizing services across Professional Services and partner offerings.</li>
<li>Advise senior leadership in customer organizations on building business cases for digital transformation.</li>
<li>Lead pre-sales workshops with customers, focusing on strategy, vision, discovery, and assessment.</li>
<li>Shape Professional Services deals, and build and negotiate contracts/Statements of Work.</li>
<li>Engage with Product and Engineering teams to influence product strategy for large clients.</li>
<li>Collaborate effectively with GTM partners to integrate complementary strategies and drive mutual growth objectives.</li>
<li>Prepare the delivery team with user insights to ensure that the delivery aligns with the desired business outcomes.</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Who you are</strong></h2>
<p>We're looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.</p>
<h3><strong>Minimum requirements</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>5+ years of professional services sales experience, preferably at a technology company or a consulting firm, with a track record of top performance.</li>
<li>Proven experience in pre-sales and sales of sizable service engagements, as well as in contract and Statement of Work (SOW) development.</li>
<li>Demonstrated ability to lead large transformational engagements using disruptive technologies.</li>
<li>Thrives on the urgency and importance of working with our largest customers, achieving set objectives while balancing competing priorities.</li>
<li>Ability to understand complex business requirements and develop tailored solutions.</li>
<li>Demonstrated ability to navigate ambiguity to produce strategic insights and identify opportunities.</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>Preferred qualifications</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Knowledge of the sales cycles associated with a SaaS product or technology platform for strategic enterprise customers.</li>
<li>An in-depth understanding of the buyer journey and the ability to lead complex, multi-party sales in a highly consultative manner.</li>
<li>Experience working with upper middle market and enterprise companies.</li>
<li>A proven track record of driving cross-functional alignment among a broad set of stakeholders, including engineering, sales, support, product, marketing, data science, and senior leadership, to achieve growth targets.</li>
<li>Experience in building and scaling a go-to-market (GTM) growth discipline, including the development of strategy, processes, and operating models.</li>
<li>Proven ability to create a strong growth culture within a team.</li>
<li>Background in a growth-stage internet/software company and/or the payments industry.</li>
<li>Familiarity with APIs and their role in digital solutions.</li>
</ul>