<div class="content-intro"><p>ZoomInfo is where careers accelerate. We move fast, think boldly, and empower you to do the best work of your life. You’ll be surrounded by teammates who care deeply, challenge each other, and celebrate wins. With tools that amplify your impact and a culture that backs your ambition, you won’t just contribute. You’ll make things happen–fast.</p></div><p>As a Senior Software Engineer, you will get to explore and work with cutting-edge technologies and a large and rich data set. If you like working on tough problems, whether that's building systems that handle millions of customer requests a day or how to make sense of over a billion pieces of potentially correlated data, ZoomInfo is the right place for you.</p>
<p>The ideal candidate is a seasoned engineer with a deep understanding of modern server-side technologies and distributed systems. They possess strong skills in building modular, maintainable, and scalable backend services with an emphasis on performance, reliability, and security. The candidate should have a keen eye for detail, a passion for building robust systems, and the ability to collaborate effectively within cross-functional teams.</p>
<p><strong>What You'll do:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Design, develop, and maintain high-performance backend services capable of handling millions of requests daily.</li>
<li>Collaborate with other team members and stakeholders to contribute to the design and evolution of scalable applications, ensuring scalability, reliability and performance</li>
<li>Work with TypeScript, NestJS, and Node.js to build and optimize backend applications.</li>
<li>Work with RESTful APIs, GraphQL and integrate with external services, ensuring data consistency, robustness and security</li>
<li>Manage and optimize data storage solutions using MongoDB, Redis ensuring efficient and reliable data access.</li>
<li>Integrate with Confluent Cloud to manage data streaming and real-time processing pipelines.</li>
<li>Conduct thorough code reviews to maintain high-quality standards across the codebase.</li>
<li>Collaborate with other engineers to solve complex and intriguing problems.</li>
<li>Stay up-to-date with the latest backend technologies and industry trends.</li>
<li>Contribute to the continuous improvement of our technology stack and development processes.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>What you bring:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>8+ years of industry experience with a B.S. in Computer Science or equivalent.</li>
<li>Strong experience in backend development with TypeScript, NestJS, Node.js and java.</li>
<li>5+ years of experience with JavaScript/TypeScript and Node.js.</li>
<li>Proficiency in working with MongoDB and managing large-scale databases.</li>
<li>Experience with Confluent Cloud or similar data streaming platforms is a plus.</li>
<li>Familiarity with CI/CD tools for automating builds, testing, and deployments (e.g., Jenkins).</li>
<li>Proficiency in working with RESTful APIs and GraphQL</li>
<li>Must be able to work independently and deliver excellent results in short timelines</li>
<li>Technically lead and mentor juniors in the team, and drive planning and execution of work</li>
<li>Experience with containerization and orchestration tools (Docker, Kubernetes)</li>
<li>Strong problem-solving and debugging skills with experience in high-traffic applications</li>
<li>Experience with backend technologies (Node.js, Python, or Java) and microservices architecture</li>
<li>Excellent communication and collaboration skills</li>
<li>Ability to thrive in a dynamic, fast-paced environment</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>#LI-SG2</p>
<p><br>#LI-Hybrid</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>About us:</strong>&nbsp;</p>
<p>ZoomInfo (NASDAQ: GTM) is the Go-To-Market Intelligence Platform that empowers businesses to grow faster with AI-ready insights, trusted data, and advanced automation. Its solutions provide more than 35,000 companies worldwide with a complete view of their customers, making every seller their best seller.</p>
<p>ZoomInfo is committed to protecting your privacy when you apply for jobs with us. Please review our Job Applicant <a href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1yiG-k0YX\_sW10PiJk\_xliDc3W-veJCrK/view?usp=drive\_link">Privacy Notice</a> for more details on how we handle your personal information.</p>
<p>ZoomInfo may use a software-based assessment as part of the recruitment process. More information about this tool, including the results of the most recent bias audit, is available <a href="https://www.zoominfo.com/legal/nyc-local-law-144-notice">here</a>.</p>
<p>ZoomInfo is proud to be an equal opportunity employer, hiring based on qualifications, merit, and business needs, and does not discriminate based on protected status. We welcome all applicants and are committed to providing equal employment opportunities regardless of sex, race, age, color, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, disability status, religion, protected military or veteran status, medical condition, or any other characteristic protected by applicable law. We also consider qualified candidates with criminal histories in accordance with legal requirements.</p>
<p>For Massachusetts Applicants: It is unlawful in Massachusetts to require or administer a lie detector test as a condition of employment or continued employment. An employer who violates this law shall be subject to criminal penalties and civil liability. ZoomInfo does not administer lie detector tests to applicants in any location.</p></div>