<p><strong>Role OVO-View</strong></p>
<p><strong>Team:</strong> Procurement &amp; Supply (Finance)</p>
<p><strong>Salary banding:</strong> £65,000 - £80,000</p>
<p><strong>Experience:</strong> Expert</p>
<p><strong>Reporting to: </strong>Category Department Lead</p>
<p><strong>Sponsorship:</strong> Unfortunately we are unable to offer sponsorship for this role.</p>
<p><strong>This role in 3 words:</strong> Process, Value, Optimisation</p>
<p><strong>Top 3 qualities for this role:</strong> Solution-orientated, Integrity, Analytical</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Where you’ll work:</strong></p>
<p>Depending on the needs of your business area, we expect hub based people to be in the office at least once a week, and to go to OVO Connection events in-person.&nbsp;</p>
<p>You’ll be assigned to the closest one of our three hub offices, Bristol, Glasgow, or London; unless your role requires field-based work. Each hub has accessible spaces to park your laptop, is designed to inspire people, help them connect and bring big ideas to life.</p>
<p><strong>Everyone belongs at OVO</strong></p>
<p>At OVO, we are on a mission to solve one of humanity's biggest challenges, the climate crisis. And we know it takes all of us to change the world. That's why we need diverse people from all abilities, gender identities, ethnicities, ages, sexual orientations, life experiences and backgrounds to join us.</p>
<p><strong>Teamworking for the planet</strong></p>
<p>Everything we do here spins around <a href="https://company.ovo.com/planzero/">Plan Zero.</a> So, naturally, the team you’ll be joining plays a gigantic role in making that happen. Here’s how:</p>
<p>As an enterprise business OVO’s supply chain presents large risk but great opportunity when it comes to sustainability and wider ESG initiatives. Procurement &amp; Supply play a vital role when contributing to OVO’s wider Plan Zero aspirations ensuring we’re working with the right partners and managing risks appropriately.</p>
<p><strong>This role in a nutshell:</strong></p>
<p>Buying goods and services is the heartbeat of OVO, allowing us to deliver everything from green marketing campaigns to smart meters. As a Senior Manager for Procurement Enablement in OVO’s Procurement &amp; Supply team you’ll be the driving force behind the process, infrastructure, analytics, and governance necessary for a best in class procurement lifecycle.&nbsp;</p>
<p>You will lead a dedicated and capable team that serves as the backbone of OVO’s spend management, bridging the gap between procurement strategy and operational execution. Your mission is to evolve the procurement process into a competitive advantage by optimising the journey to be intuitive and high-value.</p>
<p>You will report directly to the Category Department Lead, ensuring that enablement direction is perfectly aligned with the broader Procurement &amp; Supply Team and OVO’s financial objectives.</p>
<p><strong>Your key outcomes will be:</strong></p>
<p><strong>Driving Operational Excellence:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Process oversight across the&nbsp; end-to-end Procurement lifecycle, ensuring it balances user-centric speed with appropriate controls &amp; risk management, delivered through two incumbent source to contact (S2C) and purchase to pay (P2P) systems.</li>
<li>Act as the guardian of the bottom line by ensuring compliant purchasing and improving Purchase Order (PO) quality to eliminate value leakage</li>
<li>Risk &amp; Governance: Integrate multi-function approvals (InfoSec, Data Protection, Tax, Legal, AI, Tech) into a seamless process and maintain a robust Risk and Control Matrix (RACM) for the function.</li>
<li>Define, monitor, and report on key performance indicators (KPIs) and service level agreements (SLAs) for the function, implementing corrective actions to meet or exceed targets.</li>
<li>Act as the reporting hub for key supply chain statistics, such as risk, sustainability, code of conduct compliance and supplier diversity.&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Delivering the Enablement Strategy:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Develop and execute a multi-year Procurement Enablement strategy aligned with industry best practice and OVO’s financial &amp; operational goals focused on driving maximum value, efficiency and control.</li>
<li>Oversee the roadmap for the Procurement Enablement Systems and Process, championing integration and implementation of new technologies, including the overlay of OVO’s existing AI &amp; ML solutions.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Contribute to the overall Procurement Policy, Strategy, Guidance and Communications in combination with OVO’s Category Management teams and the wider Finance function.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Develop the "self-service" environment by enhancing the tools, training (such as buyer resources and digital training), and infrastructure that allow OVO teams to procure autonomously and safely where possible.&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Team Leadership &amp; OVO Stakeholder Management:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Lead, mentor, and motivate a dedicated Procurement Enablement team, promoting a mindset of accountability and continuous improvement.</li>
<li>Oversee team members responsible for the process, analytics and co-ordination of activity across the procurement lifecycle to ensure professional growth and high-quality outcomes.</li>
<li>Serve as the primary procurement process subject matter expert and change agent, collaborating closely with senior leaders in Finance, Category Management and the Business Units to drive cross-functional alignment and adoption of the source to contract and purchase to pay process steps and leading on any strategic initiatives.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Continuous Improvement:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Identify opportunities for optimisation and service improvement to the wider business, including selection of optimum buying channels which may include the launch of catalogue or other automated options.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Instill a data-driven culture, utilising analytics to identify process bottlenecks, compliance gaps, and opportunities for cost reduction or working capital optimisation.&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>You’ll be a successful Senior Procurement Enablement Manager</strong><strong>&nbsp;here</strong><strong> at OVO if you…</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Have experience of<strong> owning a procurement process</strong> for a large organisation, including proven experience in a senior role. (Essential)</li>
<li>Posses experience of <strong>source to contract</strong> and <strong>procure to pay systems</strong> (such as Ivalua / workday or equivalents). (Essential)</li>
<li>Have experience <strong>implementing AI functionality</strong> or <strong>automated buying channels</strong> into the transactional side of procurement process. (Desirable)</li>
<li>Have strong <strong>business acumen</strong> with experience and deep <strong>subject matter expertise in procurement best practice and processes</strong> covering Procurement Operations, Data &amp; Systems.</li>
<li>Are a <strong>delivery focused</strong> self-starter. team-oriented and with a collaborative, pragmatic approach.</li>
<li>Are comfortable working in a<strong> rapidly changing environment</strong> and proposing, justifying, initiating and implementing change.</li>
<li>Have strong <strong>presentation, relationship building, facilitation and conflict resolution</strong> skills.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Possess strong <strong>planning, organising, analytical</strong> and fact-based decision making skills.</li>
<li>Have high<strong> attention to detail </strong>and the ability to produce <strong>quality deliverables </strong>within required timescales.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Let’s talk about what’s in it for you</strong></p>
<p>We’ll pay you between £65,000 and £80,000, depending on your specific skills and experience.</p>
<p>We keep our pay ranges broad on purpose to give us, and you, flexibility to match your experience to our zero carbon mission.</p>
<p>You’ll be eligible for an on-target bonus of 15%. We have one OVO bonus plan that focuses on the collective performance of our people to deliver our Plan Zero goal.&nbsp;</p>
<p>We also offer plenty of green benefits and progressive policies to help you feel like you belong at OVO…and there’s flex pay. We'll give you 9% Flex Pay on top of your salary – 4% of this is auto enrolled into your pension, and the remaining 5% is yours to do what you like with. You can use this to buy from our extensive range of flexible benefits, including our green benefits which we've put at the heart of our offering, add to your pension or even take it as cash.</p>
<p><br>Here’s a taster of what’s on offer:&nbsp;</p>
<p>For starters, you’ll get 34 days of holiday (including bank holidays). <br><br><strong>For your health</strong><strong><br></strong>With benefits like a healthcare cash plan or private medical insurance depending on your career level, critical illness cover, life assurance, health assessments, and more<br><strong><br></strong><strong>For your wellbeing</strong><strong><br></strong>With gym membership, travel insurance, workplace ISA, will writing services, dental insurance, and more <strong><br></strong><strong><br></strong><strong>For your lifestyle </strong><strong><br></strong>With extra holiday buying, discount dining, home &amp; tech loans, and supporting your favourite charities with give-as-you-earn donations<br><br><strong>For your home&nbsp; </strong><strong><br></strong>Get up to £400 towards any OVO Energy plan, plus great discounts on solar, smart thermostats and EV chargers<br><strong><br></strong><strong>For your commute </strong><strong><br></strong>Nab a great deal on ultra-low emission car leasing<strong>, </strong>plus our cycle to work scheme and public transport season ticket loans <br><br>Want to hear about our full range of flexible benefits and progressive people policies? Our People Team can tell you everything you need to know.</p>
<p><strong>For your Belonging</strong></p>
<p>To find better ways to support our people, we need to listen to each other’s experiences and find ways to build a truly inclusive and diverse workplace. As part of this, we have 8 Belonging Networks at OVO. Led by our people, for our people - so when you join OVO, you can play a part - big or small - with any of the Networks. It's up to you.</p>
<p><strong>Oh, and one last thing...</strong></p>
<p>We’d be thrilled if you tick off all our boxes, yet we also believe it’s just as important we tick off all of yours. And if you think you have most of what we’re looking for but not every single thing, go ahead and hit <strong>apply</strong>. We’d still love to hear from you!</p>
<p>If you have any additional requirements, there’s a space to let us know on the application form; we want to make the process as easy and comfortable for you as possible.</p>