<h2><strong>About the team</strong></h2>
<p>As a <strong>Senior Product Designer</strong>, you will own and shape key parts of our product experience, designing intuitive, scalable, and high-quality solutions across multiple platforms. You will work hands-on across the end-to-end design process, partnering closely with Product and Engineering to define problems, explore solutions, and deliver meaningful outcomes. In this role, you will actively shape product direction, align teams around clear decisions, and turn complex challenges into high-quality experiences that drive real impact for users and the business.</p>
<h2><strong>What you'll do</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Own end-to-end product design within your domain, from discovery through delivery of user-facing experiences</li>
<li>Drive discovery by identifying user problems, defining opportunities, and shaping hypotheses in close collaboration with Product and Engineering</li>
<li>Design intuitive, high-quality experiences that drive key outcomes such as activation, engagement, and retention</li>
<li>Explore and validate solutions through prototyping &amp;&nbsp; user research</li>
<li>Use data and insights to inform decisions and continuously improve the product</li>
<li>Contribute to and evolve our design system, ensuring coherence across the ecosystem</li>
<li>Balance immediate execution with ongoing discovery, helping shape the product roadmap and what comes next</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>What makes you great for this role</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Deep knowledge of human interface design best practices and can apply them to create intuitive, inclusive, and consistent experiences across different devices, platforms, and user contexts.</li>
<li>Strong visual and interaction design skills, crafting clear hierarchies and polished interfaces with a high attention to detail.</li>
<li>Execution across all phases of design work: contributing to research and discovery, defining strong conceptual directions and rapidly exploring and validating ideas through prototyping (including AI-assisted methods)</li>
<li>Strong product thinking by understanding user needs, business goals, and technical constraints, and using that context to define problems, prioritize solutions, and drive meaningful outcomes.</li>
<li>Ability to translate complex problems into clear solutions and communicate them through strong storytelling, effectively conveying design rationale and decisions.</li>
<li>Work deeply embedded with engineering and product, shaping solutions collaboratively and actively contributing to feedback loops that raise the quality of the product.</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Why you should join SumUp</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>🌎 Opportunity to work with SumUppers globally on large-scale fintech products used by millions of businesses worldwide, from our Berlin office. This involves an office-first setup</li>
<li>🌈 Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion: be part of a workplace that values and promotes diversity, fostering an inclusive environment where everyone's perspectives are respected and embraced</li>
<li>🚀 Enrolment onto our Virtual Stock Option programme: you will own a stake in SumUp's future success</li>
<li>📚 A dedicated annual L&amp;D budget of €2000 for your individual development, which can be used to attend conferences and/or advance your career through further education</li>
<li>💶 A corporate pension scheme where we match up to 20% of your contributions</li>
<li>🏖 Generous time off: enjoy 28 days of paid leave plus public holidays and special leave days</li>
<li>💪 Numerous other benefits such as Urban Sports Club subsidy, Kita placement assistance, and subsidised office lunches</li>
<li>🌴 Break4me: 1-month sabbatical after 3 years of service</li>
<li>🔗 Referral Bonus: earn additional rewards by referring talented individuals to join the SumUp team</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>About SumUp</strong></h2>
<p>Be empowered to do more that matters.</p>
<p>At SumUp, we're on a mission to empower small businesses across the globe by providing simple and affordable tools that allow them to thrive. Today, over 4 million businesses in 37 markets rely on SumUp as their financial partner to manage payments, finance and customer relationships.</p>
<p>Our commitment to small businesses is reflected in<a href="https://youtu.be/9DG64C3moeQ?si=YpcWuBNBTOQPzeLI"> our diverse team</a> of over 3,000 SumUppers from over 90 nationalities, united by global collaboration and an innovative mindset.<a href="https://www.sumup.com/careers/culture/"> Our core values</a> lay the foundation for who we are and what we stand for, shaping our work culture and driving our success. We foster inclusivity and a continuous learning culture, providing a safe space for personal and professional growth. Our differences make us unique and strong as we strive to create an environment where everyone belongs and feels supported, no matter how they identify.</p>
<p>SumUp is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity employer, actively seeking and embracing diversity in our workforce. We don't make hiring or employment decisions based on race, colour, religion or religious belief, ethnic or national origin, nationality, sex, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, disability, age or any other basis protected by applicable laws or prohibited by company policy. Our commitment extends beyond recruitment to creating a safe and respectful workplace where harassment of any form is strictly prohibited. Discover more about our culture and opportunities on our<a href="https://www.sumup.com/careers/"> careers website</a>, and follow our journey on<a href="https://www.linkedin.com/company/sumup/"> LinkedIn</a>,<a href="https://www.instagram.com/insidesumup/"> Instagram</a>, and<a href="https://www.tiktok.com/@insidesumup"> TikTok</a>.</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>Job Application Tip</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We recognise that candidates feel they need to meet 100% of the job criteria in order to apply for a job. Please note that this is only a guide. If you don’t tick every box, it’s ok too because it means you have room to learn and develop your career at SumUp.</span></p></div>