## Your Mission

As a working student for the voice assistant team, you will be part of a cross-functional, end-to-end feature development team working on a customer-facing domain of the MBUX Voice Assistant in Mercedes-Benz cars. Together with your team members with backgrounds in areas like Voice Interaction Design, Test Automation Engineering, NLU Engineering, you will co-develop user-centered GenAI powered Automation solutions. Your focus areas will be Automating the HIL / SIL Test Automation on the Head Unit System using GenAI powered toolchains with python and other coding languages.  By working on these topics, you will gain practical experiences on real world use cases on NLP, Automation systems and NLU – which you’re learning in your academics. Your contribution to the project will have a real impact on the user experience in Mercedes-Benz cars.

## Your Profile

<strong>Responsibilities</strong><br><ul><li>Support developing advanced GenAI powered Automation solution for Embedded systems</li><li>Support in vision to product deployment of complex automation with python</li><li>Develop AI powered tools for Quality assurance, Result Analysis &amp; Chatbots </li><li>Understand and derive meaningful insights from the results and communicate to the stakeholders</li><li>Assist in running and maintaining the embedded systems when required.</li></ul><strong>Skills</strong><br><ul><li>Knowledge in Python Programming </li><li>Knowledge in JSON, JIRA, Confluence</li><li>Understanding of GIT, CI/CD tooling </li><li>Knowledge of Linux OS and basic Linux commands</li><li>Basic knowledge on machine learning and NLP</li></ul> <br><strong>Nice to have</strong><br><ul><li>Docker Knowledge </li><li>Knowledge in GenAI , LLMs and Agentic solution development</li></ul> <br><strong>Personal skills</strong><br><ul><li>Strong Communication &amp; problem-solving skills</li><li>Working Independently and leading the product development </li><li>Excellent organizational, time management, prioritization and multi-tasking skills</li><li>Personal initiative, commitment, perseverance and resilience</li><li>Self-responsibility and ability to work closely with team members</li></ul>

## Why us?

<ul><li>An international, interdisciplinary innovation lab, which is part of the Mercedes-Benz AG</li><li>A chance to work in an Infrastructure team supporting a software development company</li><li>An opportunity to lead initiatives and drive changes</li><li>Agile working methods and open feedback culture</li><li>A modern and fully accessible office</li><li>Experienced and international Team always willing to support your growth!</li></ul>

## Interested?

We look forward to receiving your complete application, including CV (in English) and relevant references with the following information:<br><ul><li>Job title and reference number</li><li>Earliest start date</li></ul>We would like to encourage people with health impairments to apply to our jobs! Our building and workplaces offer the possibilities to adjust to different employee requirements.