<div class="content-intro"><h3><strong>About Us at GoCardless</strong></h3>
<p>GoCardless is a <strong>global bank payment</strong> company. Over <strong>100,000 businesses</strong>, from start-ups to household names, use GoCardless to collect and send payments through direct debit, real-time payments and open banking.&nbsp;</p>
<p>GoCardless processes <strong>US$130bn+</strong> of payments annually, across <strong>30+ countries</strong>; helping customers collect and send both <strong>recurring</strong> and <strong>one-off payments</strong>, without the chasing, stress or expensive fees. We use AI-powered solutions to improve payment success and reduce fraud. And, with open banking connectivity to over <strong>2,500 banks</strong>, we help our customers make faster, more informed decisions.</p>
<p>We are headquartered in the<strong> UK</strong> with offices in <strong>London</strong> and <strong>Leeds</strong>, and additional locations in <strong>Australia, France, Ireland, Latvia, Portugal</strong> and the <strong>United States.</strong></p>
<p>At GoCardless, we're all about <strong>supporting you</strong>! We’re committed to making our hiring process <strong>inclusive</strong> and <strong>accessible</strong>. If you need extra support or adjustments, reach out to your <strong>Talent Partner</strong> — we’re here to help!&nbsp;</p>
<p>And remember: we don’t expect you to meet every single requirement. If you’re excited by this role, <strong>we encourage you to apply!</strong></p></div><h2>Data at GoCardless&nbsp;</h2>
<p>You’ll sit in our Data &amp; Business Systems group and will work with technical and non-technical people across the whole company. You’ll collaborate closely with our team of talented Analysts, Data Scientists, ML/AI Engineers and System Admins, designing and delivering first-class analytics to the business.</p>
<p>We’re a large team with an extensive remit and expect every member to work with initiative and be driven, holding each other accountable and to a high standard. Joining our team, you’ll work in a team that strives to be the best they can be. You’ll work on complex projects across GC’s data &amp; business systems stack.&nbsp;</p>
<p>You will enjoy being an analyst at GoCardless if:</p>
<ul>
<li>You’re looking to champion a great data culture within GC and in the wider data community;&nbsp;</li>
<li>You enjoy collaborating and learning from people from various backgrounds and experiences;&nbsp;</li>
<li>You want to feel proud of the work you’re doing and its impact on real customers.</li>
</ul>
<p>Our technologies: We endeavour to build simple, reliable systems and we believe in using the best technologies for each task. Technologies we use across GoCardless include: Looker, Domo, Tableau, Python, Looker, Google Cloud Platform, dbt, Airflow, Supermetrics &amp; Demandbase amongst others.</p>
<p>You’re not expected to have expertise in all these technologies. Members of our team have picked up the tools once they’ve started working with the team.&nbsp;</p>
<h2>The Role</h2>
<p>At GoCardless, we excel in experimentation to optimise user acquisition, activation, and retention through continuous discovery and data-driven decision making. As a <strong>Growth Analyst</strong>, you will partner across Growth, Commercial Strategy, and the wider Data &amp; Business Systems team to design and deliver analytics that shape our self-serve business. You will be instrumental in evaluating performance across the full funnel — from acquisition to monetisation — and in generating insights that influence strategic decisions.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>What excites you&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Shape commercial measurement across the funnel, collaborating with Growth Marketing, Sales, Commercial Finance and Product to track and evaluate how our acquisition, activation, and monetisation initiatives drive incremental customer and revenue growth.</li>
<li>You will translate complex data into clear, actionable recommendations that inform go-to-market strategy, pricing, and self-serve optimisation</li>
<li>Be responsible for defining how we understand return on investment &amp; growth across growth initiatives&nbsp;</li>
<li>Proactively identify the biggest growth opportunities in our key channels by delivering deep analysis into customer segments, lifetime values (LTVs), diminishing returns etc and helping the team to prioritise and implement.</li>
<li>Applying quantitative analysis, generate actionable insights and drive the adoption of your proposed changes in marketing by influencing stakeholders</li>
<li>Continuously innovate on the practices and the tools we rely on to deliver the right insights at the right decision points (A/B Testing, Analysis (SQL), Visualisation (Looker, Domo), Tracking (Amplitude), Automation (Python), AI (Gemini, Claude)</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>What excites us&nbsp;&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>You bring strong analytical skills with experience linking data to revenue outcomes — whether through funnel analysis, cohort performance, pricing impact, or channel economics.</li>
<li>You can distil complex analysis into clear recommendations for commercial and non-technical stakeholders, influencing strategy across Growth, Marketing, and Product.</li>
<li>You have a bias for experimentation and discovery, always seeking ways to uncover new opportunities to improve acquisition, activation, retention, and monetisation.</li>
<li>You have a background working in similar commercial analytics roles and have a deep understanding of the domain &amp; and are very knowledgeable of growth strategies</li>
<li>You are a self-starter, focused on results, with a demonstrated background in using analytics to drive the commercial strategy</li>
<li>You have extensive experience owning and developing experiment processes, including running A/B tests, and have a very strong understanding of testing and experimental design</li>
<li>You have extensive experience with data visualisation tools mentioned above and demonstrate storytelling ability with data in order to influence decision making and growth understanding</li>
<li>You have advanced SQL skills and intermediate Python/R skills &amp; have experience leveraging AI capabilities to enhance data analysis, automate tasks, and improve decision-making processes</li>
</ul>
<p>We don’t expect you to meet every requirement. If you’re excited by this role, we encourage you to apply.</p>
<p><strong>Base salary range:</strong>&nbsp;€<span data-sheets-root="1">41,600</span>&nbsp;-&nbsp;€<span data-sheets-root="1">62,400</span></p>
<p>Base salary ranges are based on role, job level, location, and market data.&nbsp; Please note that whilst we strive to offer competitive compensation, our approach is to pay between the <span style="text-decoration: underline;">minimum and the mid-point</span> of the pay range until performance can be assessed in role. Offers will take into account level of experience, interview assessment, budgets and parity between you and fellow employees at GoCardless doing similar work.</p><div class="content-conclusion"><h3><strong>The Good Stuff!</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li><strong>Wellbeing</strong>: Dedicated support and medical cover to keep you healthy.</li>
<li><strong>Work Away Scheme</strong>: Work from anywhere for up to 90 days in any 12-month period.</li>
<li><strong>Hybrid Working</strong>: Our hybrid model offers flexibility, with in-office days determined by your team.</li>
<li><strong>Equity</strong>: All permanently employed GeeCees get equity to share in our success.</li>
<li><strong>Parental leave</strong>: Tailored leave to support your life's great adventure.</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><strong data-stringify-type="bold">Time off:</strong>&nbsp;Annual holiday leave based on your location, supplemented by 3 volunteer days and 4 wellness days.</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>Life at GoCardless </strong></h3>
<p>We're an organisation defined by our&nbsp;<a class="c-link" href="https://gocardless.com/g/values-operating-principles/" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://gocardless.com/g/values-operating-principles/" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">values</a>; We <strong>start with why</strong> before we begin any project, to ensure it’s aligned with our mission. We <strong>make it happen</strong>, working with urgency and taking personal accountability for getting things done. We <strong>act with integrity</strong>, always. We <strong>care deeply</strong> about what we do and we know it's essential that we <strong>be humble</strong> whilst we do it. Our Values form part of the GoCardless DNA, and are used to not only help us nurture and develop our culture, but to deliver impactful work that will help us to achieve our vision.</p>
<h3><strong>Diversity &amp; Inclusion</strong></h3>
<p>We’re building the <strong>payment network of the future</strong>, and to achieve our goal, we need a <strong>diverse team</strong> with a range of perspectives and experiences. As of July 2024, here’s where we stand:</p>
<ul>
<li>45% identify as women&nbsp;</li>
<li>23% identify as Black, Asian, Mixed, or Other&nbsp;</li>
<li>10% identify as LGBTQIA+&nbsp;</li>
<li>9% identify as neurodiverse&nbsp;</li>
<li>2% identify as disabled&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p>If you want to learn more, you can read about our Employee Resource Groups and objectives <a href="https://gocardless.com/about/diversity-inclusion/">here</a> as well as our latest<a href="https://gocardless.com/assets/40w0m41bmydz/3hqJy4SUqZqW3BmBHlESUe/d1c7932b97b8a8ebcd0fb07418432fe9/GoCardless\_Diversity\_\_\_Inclusion\_Report\_2022.pdf"> </a><a href="https://assets.ctfassets.net/40w0m41bmydz/zGxwfm2rTwqXV4bwOMODR/8c303a244c90e49c9fa7c2ede11cf1e6/GoCardless\_Diversity\_and\_Inclusion\_Report\_20230731\_\_1\_.pdf" target="\_blank">D&amp;I Report</a><strong>&nbsp;</strong></p>
<h3><strong>Sustainability at GoCardless</strong></h3>
<p>We’re committed to reducing our&nbsp;<strong>environmental impact</strong> and leaving a sustainable world for future generations. As co-founders of the <strong>Tech Zero coalition</strong>, we’re working towards a <strong>climate-positive future</strong>. Check out our sustainability<a href="https://gocardless.com/sustainability/" target="\_blank"> action plan</a> here.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Find out more about Life at GoCardless via <a href="https://x.com/gocardless" target="\_blank">X</a>,<a href="http://instagram.com/lifeatgocardless" target="\_blank"> Instagram</a> and<a href="http://linkedin.com/company/gocardless" target="\_blank"> LinkedIn</a>.&nbsp;</strong></p></div>