<p><strong>Snapshot</strong></p>
<p>The People &amp; Culture (P&amp;C) Experience &amp; Delivery Partner team provides responsive day to day P&amp;C support and generalist advice, operating as trusted advisors for Google DeepMind’s (GDM) Leaders and Managers. Working in close partnership with GDM P&amp;C Partners, they build leadership and manager capabilities, deliver operational excellence, and gather and analyse employee experience insights to support the P&amp;C needs of the organisation and drive high performance across GDM. Our team collaborates closely with other stakeholders across the GDM, Google, and Alphabet People &amp; Culture teams, including GDM P&amp;C Partners, to deliver a world-class employee experience.&nbsp;</p>
<p>We support the learning and development of each member of our team and provide both training and practical experience to support the cultivation of generalist expertise. This is an exciting and varied generalist role</p>
<p><strong>About Us</strong></p>
<p>Artificial Intelligence could be one of humanity’s most useful inventions. At Google DeepMind, we’re a team of scientists, engineers, machine learning experts and more, working together to advance the state of the art in artificial intelligence. We use our technologies for widespread public benefit and scientific discovery, and collaborate with others on critical challenges, ensuring safety and ethics are the highest priority.</p>
<p><strong>The Role</strong></p>
<p>This role is embedded in our People and Culture (P&amp;C) team, and reports to a&nbsp; People Experience &amp; Delivery Lead based in London, UK. The role works in close partnership with the P&amp;C Partnering team and Centres of Excellence..&nbsp;</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Dynamic Coaching &amp; Advisory</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Provide dynamic and responsive coaching and advice for Leaders and Managers on policies, processes, and best practices related to key P&amp;C topics including performance management, development, employee lifecycle processes, policy exceptions.</li>
<li>Provide advice and guidance to Leaders and Managers dealing with specific challenges within their teams e.g. a retention or wellbeing issue, or interpersonal team conflict.</li>
<li>Contribute to the development and delivery of scalable solutions to build Manager capability.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Operational Excellence</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Execute and deliver P&amp;C initiatives, projects and cyclical processes, advising and collaborating with cross-functional teams.</li>
<li>Partner with P&amp;C Partners to deliver Unit specific organisational efforts including reorgs, large scale performance management efforts and strategic initiatives that align with a Unit’s P&amp;C Strategy.</li>
<li>Independently manage employee lifecycle processes e.g. Exits and Flexible working</li>
<li>Identify the need for, and take responsibility for driving,&nbsp; process improvement initiatives, such as streamlining query management, improving processes and conducting root-cause-analysis on and resolving recurring issues.</li>
<li>Explore and leverage AI tools to enhance collaboration, streamline processes, and amplify your impact on GDM's mission and operational excellence.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Employee Experience Insights</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Conduct analysis on relevant data, share themes and insights from analysis, and use the data to make recommendations and inform decisions.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>About You</strong></p>
<p>In order to set you up for success as a People Experience &amp; Delivery Partner at Google DeepMind,&nbsp; we look for the following skills and experience:</p>
<ul>
<li><strong>Subject matter expertise: </strong>You have a solid understanding of HR principles, policies, and best practices in areas such as performance management, compensation planning and change management.&nbsp;</li>
<li><strong>Communication: </strong>You have strong written and verbal communication skills and are able to express thoughts and ideas clearly as you facilitate understanding. You comfortably demonstrate active listening and emotional intelligence.</li>
<li><strong>Interpersonal skills: </strong>You build strong relationships with employees and managers at all levels and are experienced in conflict resolution.</li>
<li><strong>Critical thinking &amp; problem-solving:</strong> You are proficient in data analysis and thematic reporting. You are able to analyse information, identify issues, and provide effective solutions.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>In addition, the following would be an advantage:&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>Experience in working with global teams and navigating cultural differences.</li>
<li>Experience in designing and delivering training programs, and process design.</li>
<li>Experience in using data to drive HR decisions.</li>
<li>Knowledge of HR trends and best practices.</li>
<li>A degree or professional certification in Human Resources Management or a related field.</li>
</ul>
<p>At Google DeepMind, we value diversity of experience, knowledge, backgrounds and perspectives and harness these qualities to create extraordinary impact. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of sex, race, religion or belief, ethnic or national origin, disability, age, citizenship, marital, domestic or civil partnership status, sexual orientation, gender identity, pregnancy, or related condition (including breastfeeding) or any other basis as protected by applicable law. If you have a disability or additional need that requires accommodation, please do not hesitate to let us know.</p>