<div class="content-intro"><div>
<div>
<div class="gmail\_quote">
<div>
<div><span id="m\_1770241969069985273m\_-2746164444908759431gmail-docs-internal-guid-131e4fb0-7fff-b4e9-ff50-e8cf32449b1b">CoreWeave is The Essential Cloud for AI™. Built for pioneers by pioneers, CoreWeave delivers a platform of technology, tools, and teams that enables innovators to build and scale AI with confidence. Trusted by leading AI labs, startups, and global enterprises, CoreWeave combines superior infrastructure performance with deep technical expertise to accelerate breakthroughs and turn compute into capability. Founded in 2017, CoreWeave became a publicly traded company (Nasdaq: CRWV) in March 2025. Learn more at&nbsp;<a href="http://www.coreweave.com/" target="\_blank" data-saferedirecturl="https://www.google.com/url?q=http://www.coreweave.com&amp;source=gmail&amp;ust=1762613132717000&amp;usg=AOvVaw3D-UOhNaqEvF5BEWxjYyAU">www.coreweave.com</a>.</span></div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div></div><p><strong>What You’ll Do:</strong></p>
<p>The <strong>Customer Experience (CX) Organization</strong> at CoreWeave is dedicated to ensuring every client running AI workloads at scale has a seamless, reliable, and high-performance experience. This team supports the infrastructure that powers the AI revolution—working across data centers, hardware systems, and customer workloads to maintain the integrity of our cloud platform. The CX organization aligns closely with the internal and customer engineering teams, offering valuable insights from the field and having the chance to contribute to the CoreWeave product roadmap and development.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>About the role:</strong></p>
<p>As a <strong>Solutions Architect</strong> at CoreWeave, you will play a vital and dynamic role. You will have the opportunity to demonstrate thought leadership and engage hands-on throughout our customers' entire lifecycle. From establishing their Kubernetes environment to developing proofs of concept, onboarding, and optimizing workloads, you will lead innovation at every turn. If you're driven by innovation, thrilled by the possibilities of what specialized compute can enable, and eager to be part of a team that's shaping the future, then CoreWeave is the place for you. Join us and let's embark on this adventure together!</p>
<p><strong>In this role, you will:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Serve as the primary technical point of contact for customers, establishing strong technical relationships and ensuring their success with CoreWeave's cloud infrastructure offerings, <strong>focusing on AI/ML workloads within high-performance compute (HPC) environments</strong></li>
<li>Collaborate closely with customers to understand their unique business needs and create, prototype, and deploy tailored solutions that align with their requirements.</li>
<li>Lead proof of concept initiatives to showcase the value and viability of CoreWeave's solutions within specific environments.</li>
<li>Drive technical leadership and direction during customer meetings, presentations, and workshops, addressing any technical queries or concerns that arise.</li>
<li>Act as a virtual member of CoreWeave's Kubernetes product and engineering teams, identifying opportunities for product enhancement and collaborating with engineers to implement your suggestions.</li>
<li>Offer valuable insights on product features, functionality, and performance, contributing regularly to discussions about product strategy and architecture.</li>
<li>Conduct periodic technical reviews and assessments of customer workloads, pinpointing opportunities for workload optimization and suggesting suitable solutions.</li>
<li>Stay informed of the latest developments and trends in Kubernetes, cloud computing and infrastructure, sharing your thought leadership with customers and internal stakeholders.</li>
<li>Lead the prototyping and initiation of research and development efforts for emerging products and solutions, delivering prototypes and key insights for internal consumption.</li>
<li>Represent CoreWeave at conferences and industry events, with occasional travel as required.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Who You Are:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>B.S. in Computer Science or a related technical discipline, or equivalent experience</li>
<li><strong>7+ years of proven experience as a Solutions Architect, engineer, researcher, or technical account manager in cloud infrastructure, focusing on </strong><strong>building distributed systems or HPC/cloud services, with an expertise focused on AI/ML inference</strong></li>
<li>Fluency in cloud computing concepts, architecture, and technologies with hands-on experience in designing and implementing cloud solutions</li>
<li>Proven track record with building customer relationships, communicating clearly and the ability to break down complex technical concepts to both technical and non-technical audiences</li>
<li>Deep expertise&nbsp; with NVIDIA GPUs typically used in AI/ML applications and associated technologies such as Infiniband and NVIDIA Collective Communications Library (NCCL)&nbsp;</li>
<li>Demonstrated experience with running large scale Artificial Intelligence/Machine Learning (AI/ML) training and inference workloads on technologies such as Slurm and Kubernetes. You understand integration points between cloud solutions and enterprise IT&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Preferred:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Code contributions to open-source inference frameworks</li>
<li>Experience with scripting and automation related to AI/ML workloads</li>
<li>Experience with building solutions across multi-cloud environments</li>
<li>Client or customer-facing publications/talks on latency, optimization, or advanced model-server architectures</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Wondering if you’re a good fit? </strong><strong>We believe in investing in our people, and value candidates who can bring their own diversified experiences to our teams – even if you aren't a 100% skill or experience match.</strong><strong> Here are a few qualities we’ve found compatible with our team. If some of this describes you, we’d love to talk.&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>You love to help solve challenging technical problems</li>
<li>You’re curious about the latest and greatest technologies in the AI space</li>
<li>You’re an expert in managing conflict and achieving mutually beneficial technical outcomes</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Why CoreWeave?</strong></p>
<p>At CoreWeave, we work hard, have fun, and move fast!&nbsp; We’re in an exciting stage of hyper-growth that you will not want to miss out on. We’re not afraid of a little chaos, and we’re constantly learning. Our team cares deeply about how we build our product and how we work together, which is represented through our core values:&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>Be Curious at Your Core</li>
<li>Act Like an Owner</li>
<li>Empower Employees</li>
<li>Deliver Best-in-Class Client Experiences</li>
<li>Achieve More Together</li>
</ul>
<p>We support and encourage an entrepreneurial outlook and independent thinking. We foster an environment that encourages collaboration and provides the opportunity to develop innovative solutions to complex problems. As we get set for take off, the growth opportunities within the organization are constantly expanding. You will be surrounded by some of the best talent in the industry, who will want to learn from you, too. Come join us!&nbsp;&nbsp;</p>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1"><strong>The base salary range for this role is $165,000 to $225,000 SGD.</strong> The starting salary will be determined based on job-related knowledge, skills, experience, and market location. We strive for both market alignment and internal equity when determining compensation. In addition to base salary, our total rewards package includes a discretionary bonus, equity awards, and a comprehensive benefits program (all based on eligibility).</span></p>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">#LI-DNI</span></p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>What We Offer</strong></p>
<p>The range we’ve posted represents the typical compensation range for this role. To determine actual compensation, we review the market rate for each candidate which can include a variety of factors. These include qualifications, experience, interview performance, and location.</p>
<p>In addition to a competitive salary, we offer a variety of benefits to support your needs, including:</p>
<ul>
<li>Medical, dental, and vision insurance - 100% paid for by CoreWeave</li>
<li>Company-paid Life Insurance&nbsp;</li>
<li>Voluntary supplemental life insurance&nbsp;</li>
<li>Short and long-term disability insurance&nbsp;</li>
<li>Flexible Spending Account</li>
<li>Health Savings Account</li>
<li>Tuition Reimbursement&nbsp;</li>
<li>Ability to Participate in Employee Stock Purchase Program (ESPP)</li>
<li>Mental Wellness Benefits through Spring Health&nbsp;</li>
<li>Family-Forming support provided by Carrot</li>
<li>Paid Parental Leave&nbsp;</li>
<li>Flexible, full-service childcare support with Kinside</li>
<li>401(k) with a generous employer match</li>
<li>Flexible PTO</li>
<li>Catered lunch each day in our office and data center locations</li>
<li>A casual work environment</li>
<li>A work culture focused on innovative disruption</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Our Workplace</strong></p>
<p>While we prioritize a hybrid work environment, remote work may be considered for candidates located more than 30 miles from an office, based on role requirements for specialized skill sets. New hires will be invited to attend onboarding at one of our hubs within their first month. Teams also gather quarterly to support collaboration.</p>
<p><a href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1gPBRBhUNAMBmj7Yn4\_M-hCugm7ZJD4hr/view?usp=sharing" target="\_blank">California Consumer Privacy Act </a>- California applicants only</p>
<p><em>CoreWeave is an equal opportunity employer, committed to fostering an inclusive and supportive workplace. All qualified applicants and candidates will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, disability, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, veteran status, or genetic information.</em></p>
<p><em>As part of this commitment and consistent with the </em><a href="https://www.eeoc.gov/laws/guidance/fact-sheet-disability-discrimination" target="\_blank"><em>Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA)</em></a><em>, CoreWeave will ensure that qualified applicants and candidates with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodations for the hiring process, unless such accommodation would cause an undue hardship. If reasonable accommodation is needed, please contact: <a href="mailto:careers@coreweave.com">careers@coreweave.com</a>.</em></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Export Control Compliance</strong></p>
<p>This position requires access to export controlled information. &nbsp;To conform to U.S. Government export regulations applicable to that information, applicant must either be (A) a U.S. person, defined as a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful permanent resident (green card holder), (iii) refugee under 8 U.S.C. § 1157, or (iv) asylee under 8 U.S.C. § 1158, (B) eligible to access the export controlled information without a required export authorization, or (C) eligible and reasonably likely to obtain the required export authorization from the applicable U.S. government agency. &nbsp;CoreWeave may, for legitimate business reasons, decline to pursue any export licensing process.</p></div>