## Your Mission

A Software engineer in the Runners team is responsible for building and maintaining scalable CI build tools. This includes improving and maintaining our existing Terraform module -which enables our users to create and manage GitLab Fleeting Runners- as well as providing and managing Gitlab Shared Runners within a Kubernetes cluster. The ideal candidate will possess a strong background in Infrastructure as Code (IaC) with Terraform and AWS, CI/CD pipeline integration with GitLab, AMI build and management with HashiCorp Packer, automation using Bash scripts and Python serverless functions, and Kubernetes cluster operations with FluxCD and Helm Charts.

## Sneak preview of your future tasks

<ul><li><strong>Terraform Module Development:</strong> Design, implement, and maintain Terraform modules for GitLab Fleeting Runners.</li><li><strong>GitLab Runner tuning and configuration:</strong> Explore ways to optimize and provide more features to the GitLab Runners offering, analyze and improve security best practices.</li><li><strong>User Support:</strong> Provide Support when potential issues are identified either by our monitoring solution or a customer. Troubleshoot and resolve runner issues raised under our Service Desk ticket system. </li><li><strong>Monitoring and Logging: </strong>Contribute with the maintenance and improvement actions around our monitoring, logging and alerting solutions. Analyze logs and metrics to identify and resolve performance bottlenecks.</li><li><strong>Documentation:</strong> Create and maintain documentation for our product portfolio. This includes both our external and internal documentation (MBOS Docs, Internal Confluence Page and Project Repositories).</li><li><strong>Kubernetes Setup Management:</strong> Deploy and manage GitLab Shared Runners in Kubernetes clusters. Monitor, maintain, and scale Kubernetes resources as needed.</li></ul>

## Your Profile

<ul><li>5+ years' experience in Software Development / DevOps field.</li><li>Good understanding of AWS/GCP and Terraform.</li><li>Experience with complex build systems and / with docker.</li><li>Deep understanding of Gitlab CI/CD (Runners specifically) in large scale projects</li><li>Very savvy with version control (preferably Git)</li><li>Understanding and experience with Artifactory configuration</li></ul> <br><strong>Nice to have</strong><br><ul><li>Familiarity with modern C++ / AAOS / Bazel Remote Execution </li><li>Knowledge of Embedded Linux</li><li>Experience with in-vehicle infotainment systems</li><li>Open-Source Background</li></ul> <br><strong>Personal skills</strong><br><ul><li>Proficiency in problem-solving and troubleshooting complex technical issues.</li><li>Highly organized and able to effectively manage time, prioritize tasks, and meet deadlines.</li><li>Displays personal initiative, strong work ethic, and resilience in the face of challenges.</li><li>Possesses well-developed communication skills and excels in team environments.</li><li>A collaborative team member who actively shares knowledge and expertise to support team success.</li></ul> <br><strong>Language skills</strong><br>Proficient in English. German is a plus

## Why us?

<ul><li>A chance to work on a new generation of Infotainment Systems, which will power millions of cars</li><li>An international, interdisciplinary innovation lab, which is part of the Mercedes-Benz AG</li><li>Great company values that we are passionate about and live by every day at work. </li><li>Agile working methods and open feedback culture</li><li>A brand new modern and fully accessible office facing the Spree</li><li>Flexible working hours</li><li>Transportation and health benefits, discounts on cars, free coffee, fruits and more</li></ul>

## Interested?

We look forward to receiving your complete application, including CV (in English or German) and relevant references with the following information:<br><ul><li>Job title and reference number</li><li> Salary expectations</li><li> Earliest start date</li></ul>We would like to encourage people with health impairments to apply to our jobs! Our building and work places offer the possibilities to adjust to different employee requirements. <br><br><ul><li>Posting Date: 20.04.2026</li><li>Supervisor: Michel Lawaty</li><li>Dept: Software Factory</li><li>Team: SwF Quality Cluster</li><li>Opening: 2 x Internal FTE</li></ul>