<p>As part of the Platform tribe, you will help build a self-service, AI-Ready Data Platform. The Data Platform team supports our next big bets: Data, AI, and real-time analytics. We are a team focused on building scalable, reliable infrastructure to enable our global data community.</p>
<p><strong>What you’ll do</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Build and maintain a best-in-class data infrastructure to support critical processes</li>
<li>Develop features to improve platform self-service capabilities, including ETL and orchestration</li>
<li>Optimize processes to improve compute resource efficiency and reduce costs</li>
<li>Implement automations to ensure our infrastructure remains highly available 24/7</li>
<li>Contribute to the design and implementation of new services within our platform</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>You’ll be great for this role if</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>You have 3+ years of experience with a modern data stack, including DBT, Airflow, and Snowflake.</li>
<li>You are proficient in Software Engineering using Python or GoLang.</li>
<li>You have experience building and maintaining performant API layers.</li>
<li>You possess a pragmatic mindset and a "team-first" attitude.</li>
<li>You are self-motivated and able to work independently while managing stakeholder needs.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>About SumUp</strong>&nbsp;</p>
<p>We believe in the everyday hero. Small business owners are at the heart of all we do, so we're creating tools that help them run their businesses. With a founder’s mentality and a 'team-first’ attitude, our diverse teams across Europe, South America, and the United States work together to ensure that the small business owners we partner with can be successful doing what they love. SumUp is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer that proudly pursues and hires a diverse workforce. SumUp does not make hiring or employment decisions on the basis of race, colour, religion or religious belief, ethnic or national origin, nationality, sex, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, disability, age or any other basis protected by applicable laws or prohibited by company policy. SumUp also strives for a healthy and safe workplace and strictly prohibits harassment of any kind. SumUp will not accept unsolicited resumes from any source other than directly from a candidate.&nbsp;</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>Job Application Tip</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We recognise that candidates feel they need to meet 100% of the job criteria in order to apply for a job. Please note that this is only a guide. If you don’t tick every box, it’s ok too because it means you have room to learn and develop your career at SumUp.</span></p></div>