<div class="content-intro"><p><strong data-stringify-type="bold">Why work at Nebius<br></strong>Nebius is leading a new era in cloud computing to serve the global AI economy. We create the tools and resources our customers need to solve real-world challenges and transform industries, without massive infrastructure costs or the need to build large in-house AI/ML teams. Our employees work at the cutting edge of AI cloud infrastructure alongside some of the most experienced and innovative leaders and engineers in the field.</p>
<p><strong>Where we work<br></strong>Headquartered in Amsterdam and listed on Nasdaq, Nebius has a global footprint with R&amp;D hubs across Europe, North America, and Israel. The team of over 1400 employees includes more than 400 highly skilled engineers with deep expertise across hardware and software engineering, as well as an in-house AI R&amp;D team.</p></div><h2><span data-ccp-props="{}">The role</span></h2>
<p>We are looking for a <strong>Technical Project Manager</strong> to join our team and help build and operate AI cloud installations in modern data centers. You will be responsible for execution of projects around IT infrastructure and equipment: GPU servers, high-speed network, compute and storage systems.&nbsp;Acting as a key link between the stakeholders, project and technical teams, you will drive operational activities across multiple locations.</p>
<p>You’re welcome to work in our office in <strong>Amsterdam, the Netherlands.</strong></p>
<p><strong><span data-ccp-props="{&quot;335559685&quot;:720,&quot;335559991&quot;:360}"><span class="TextRun MacChromeBold SCXW95146830 BCX0" lang="EN-US" data-contrast="auto"><span class="NormalTextRun SCXW95146830 BCX0" data-ccp-charstyle="Strong">Your responsibilities will include:</span></span><span class="EOP SCXW95146830 BCX0" data-ccp-props="{&quot;134233117&quot;:true,&quot;134233118&quot;:true}">&nbsp;</span></span></strong></p>
<ul>
<li style="line-height: 2;">Management and delivery of IT infrastructure projects in data centers</li>
<li style="line-height: 2;">Proactively identify and manage resolution of technical and operational issues</li>
<li style="line-height: 2;">Maintain clear operational documentation, including plans, risk logs, and issue trackers.</li>
<li style="line-height: 2;">Work with various data sources and create operational reports</li>
<li style="line-height: 2;">Lead communication with all stakeholders: provide regular progress updates, escalate blockers, and manage expectations.</li>
<li style="line-height: 2;">Collaborate with cross-functional teams.</li>
<li style="line-height: 2;">Participate in related project tasks, including automation, process improvements, and design support as needed.</li>
</ul>
<p style="line-height: 1.2;"><strong><span data-contrast="auto"><span data-ccp-charstyle="Strong">We expect you to have:</span></span><span data-ccp-props="{&quot;134233117&quot;:true,&quot;134233118&quot;:true}">&nbsp;</span></strong></p>
<ul>
<li style="line-height: 2;">Proven experience in data center infrastructure operations, preferably in high-performance or AI-oriented environments.</li>
<li style="line-height: 2;">Solid understanding of data center design and operations: racking, cabling, power planning, cooling considerations.</li>
<li style="line-height: 2;">Knowledge and experience working with data center IT hardware</li>
<li style="line-height: 2;">Experience in project delivery, team management, cross team collaboration</li>
<li style="line-height: 2;">Strong problem-solving skills; ability to troubleshoot technical and workflow issues in an IT stack.</li>
<li style="line-height: 2;">Ability to document processes, maintain tracking systems, and produce clear deployment reports.</li>
<li style="line-height: 2;">Activity, responsibility and purposefulness</li>
<li style="line-height: 2;">Ready for occasional business trips</li>
</ul>
<p style="line-height: 2;"><strong><span data-contrast="auto"><span data-ccp-charstyle="Strong">It will be&nbsp;</span><span data-ccp-charstyle="Strong">an added bonus</span><span data-ccp-charstyle="Strong">&nbsp;if you have:</span></span><span data-ccp-props="{&quot;134233117&quot;:true,&quot;134233118&quot;:true}">&nbsp;</span></strong></p>
<ul>
<li data-start="2697" data-end="2798">
<p data-start="2699" data-end="2798">Relevant technical certifications&nbsp;</p>
</li>
<li data-start="2799" data-end="2830">In depth technical knowledge of GPU servers, compute nodes, high-speed networking</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>What we offer</strong>&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>Competitive salary and comprehensive benefits package.</li>
<li>Opportunities for professional growth within Nebius.</li>
<li>Flexible working arrangements.</li>
<li>A dynamic and collaborative work environment that values initiative and innovation.</li>
</ul>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">We’re growing and expanding our products every day. If you’re up to the challenge and are excited about AI and ML as much as we are, join us!</span></p></div>