**If you are looking for:**

* A stable remote position where you get paid a **high hourly rate,**
* Where all you have to do is **simple conversations** with existing customers that are booked onto your calendar,
* Where you have **clear instructions** on what to say and do,
* Where you are doing something **impactful** that is improving people's lives,
* **Then this is the position for you.**

We are one of the largest and most effective education companies in our industry, and we are looking to hire a few more Enrollment Specialists.Â

The founder is one of the biggest YouTubers in this industry.

This is a simple role where we provide you with a script, and all you have to do is get on zoom calls with existing customers that they book on your calendar, and read the script.

You'll be helping customers with their journey and seeing if they want to enroll in one of our other programs.

The founders of this company have had to work terrible outbound call jobs before. This is not that.

As long as you speak well and care about giving our customers a good experience, then you will do well in this role and get a lot of fulfillment out of it.

**If that sounds interesting to you, apply ASAP if this fits you. We expect this position to fill fast.**

Your job:

1. We have existing customers who have purchased from us who need help.
2. They book a call on your calendar.
3. You'll be taking calls with our customers, and on each call, we'll give you a word-for-word script tailored to that specific customer's needs. All you have to do is read the script while sounding natural and nice.

You MUST have these 4 things:

1. Great English that sounds natural
2. Hospitality, you care about helping people and giving them a great experience
3. Organized, you can NOT miss any of the calls on your calendar
4. Be talkative - small talk comes naturally to you

We really care about our customers getting a great experience, which is why we are willing to pay a competitive hourly rate for this position.

We'll have clear, simple training to get you onboarded, so it is easy to start.

You can set your own hours within reason.

**Again, if this sounds like you, apply ASAP, as we are expecting this position to fill soon.**

  
  
Please mention the word \*\*INCREDIBLE\*\* and tag RNzkuMTU4LjE4Ni4yMzg= when applying to show you read the job post completely (#RNzkuMTU4LjE4Ni4yMzg=). This is a beta feature to avoid spam applicants. Companies can search these words to find applicants that read this and see they're human.