<div class="content-intro"><h2><span data-sheets-root="1">About Wolt</span></h2>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">At Wolt, we create technology that brings joy, simplicity and earnings to the neighborhoods of the world. In 2014 we started with delivery of restaurant food. Now we’re building the delivery of (almost) everything and you’ll find us in over 500 cities in 30 countries around the world. In 2022 we joined forces with DoorDash and together we keep on dreaming big and expanding across the globe.<br><br>Working at Wolt isn’t always easy, but it’s definitely exciting. Here you’ll learn more, build more, and ship more than in most other companies. You’ll be challenged a lot, but also have a lot of fun on the way. So, if you’re a self-starter with drive and entrepreneurial spirit, this could be the ride of your life.</span></p></div><p>Are you detail-oriented and have great communication skills? Do you love working in a cross-functional environment and solving problems? <strong><br></strong>Our Merchant Services team lies at the heart of Wolt, ensuring that we set all of our merchants up for success by providing a seamless onboarding, menu, and catalog experience. As Wolt continues to grow in both scale and scope of offerings, the strength of our content management and catalog operations must expand with it.</p>
<p>We are looking for a <strong>Data Processing Specialist </strong>for Content &amp; Catalog team who will oversee the day-to-day operations of menu and catalog. You’ll ensure that product information on Wolt’s platform adheres to the highest standards of accuracy and compliance. As a catalog expert, you’ll work cross-functionally to improve processes, drive compliance, and ensure our menus and catalogs are engaging and up to date.</p>
<h2><strong>You’re excited about this opportunity because you will…</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Ensure that Wolt retail (grocery) offering is compliant and accurate</li>
<li>Manage the content and quality of Wolt Germany’s product catalog for both Retail and Restaurants. Offerings are drafted quickly, in bulk and correctly</li>
<li>Oversee rapid and accurate creation and update of the retail assortments.</li>
<li>Create, refine and improve bulk data processing automations.</li>
<li>Collaborate with cross-functional teams, including Product, Compliance &amp; Onboarding.</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>What we offer</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Cool office in the heart of Berlin</li>
<li>Independent work in a dynamic, international team</li>
<li>A fast-growing tech company with many career opportunities</li>
<li>Attractive salary package</li>
<li>Discounts on Wolt orders</li>
<li>Various soft drinks, coffee, and fruits in the office</li>
<li>Weekly (virtual) all-hands meetings and regular team events</li>
<li>Flexible working hours policy + 30 days of paid vacation</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Qualifications</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Fluent in German (spoken and written) and English - any other language is a plus.</li>
<li>You have a positive attitude and an entrepreneurial spirit</li>
<li>You are a problem-solver - you enjoy diagnosing issues and developing creative approaches to solve challenges</li>
<li>You have a strong technical skill - you have some Python / Javascript experience, good command of excel, and experience working with large data sets. SQL and Browser automations are a plus. Graduates welcome!</li>
<li>You are customer-centric - you have a customer-first mentality, are effective at working with people with varying degrees of technical ability</li>
<li>You are comfortable working in fast-paced and demanding environments</li>
<li><strong>Understanding of LMIV (Lebensmittel-Informationsverordnung)</strong>: Strong knowledge of food labeling laws and regulations in Germany, particularly for grocery items.</li>
</ul>
<p><iframe src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/GoL541\_xj9w" width="560" height="314"></iframe></p><div class="content-conclusion"><h2><span data-sheets-root="1">Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion</span></h2>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">We’re committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. That’s why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.</span></p></div>