<div class="content-intro"><p>At Wayve we're committed to creating a diverse, fair and respectful culture that is inclusive of everyone based on their unique skills and perspectives, and regardless of sex, race, religion or belief, ethnic or national origin, disability, age, citizenship, marital, domestic or civil partnership status, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, pregnancy or related condition&nbsp; (including breastfeeding) or any other basis as protected by applicable law.&nbsp;&nbsp;</p>
<h2><strong>About us </strong>&nbsp;&nbsp;</h2>
<p>Founded in 2017, Wayve is the leading developer of Embodied AI technology.&nbsp; Our advanced AI software and foundation models enable vehicles to perceive, understand, and navigate any complex environment, enhancing the usability and safety of automated driving systems.</p>
<p>Our vision is to create autonomy that propels the world forward.&nbsp; Our intelligent, mapless, and hardware-agnostic AI products are designed for automakers, accelerating the transition from assisted to automated driving.&nbsp; <br><br>In our fast-paced environment big problems ignite us—we embrace uncertainty, leaning into complex challenges to unlock groundbreaking solutions. We aim high and stay humble in our pursuit of excellence, constantly learning and evolving as we pave the way for a smarter, safer future.</p>
<p>At Wayve, your contributions matter.&nbsp; We value diversity, embrace new perspectives, and foster an inclusive work environment; we back each other to deliver impact.&nbsp;&nbsp;</p>
<p>Make Wayve the experience that defines your career!&nbsp;&nbsp;</p></div><h3><strong>Software Developer, Fleet Operations</strong><strong>&nbsp;</strong></h3>
<p>We are looking for a Low-Code Developer to join our Operational Systems and Insights team to architect sophisticated internal systems that power our fleet operations.&nbsp;</p>
<h3><strong>Key Responsibilities</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Design, build, and deploy custom internal tools and interfaces using low-code products focusing on high-quality UX and complex conditional logic.</li>
<li>Architect multi-step automation sequences that connect systems, ensuring data integrity and process efficiency.</li>
<li>Write and optimize queries to fetch, transform, and push data across the stack, ensuring our low-code front-ends are powered by robust back-end logic.</li>
<li>Act as the Subject Matter Expert for our low-code ecosystem, maintaining best practices in GitHub version control and environment management.</li>
<li>Partner with Process Excellence Managers and Data Scientists to translate "business problems" into "data solutions," leading UAT and iterative deployments.</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>About You</strong></h3>
<p>You love optimisation and thrive in cross-functional teams, shaping and implementing process improvements while enabling data-driven decision-making for operational colleagues. You’re proactive, curious, entrepreneurial, and comfortable learning on the go. You understand that “low-code” doesn’t mean “no-code,” and you bring strong systems thinking to ensure what you build is robust and scalable. You balance technical rigour with UX sensibility, creating intuitive, user-friendly solutions.</p>
<p>In this role, you’ll be the bridge between complex data infrastructure and elegant, functional user interfaces, using modern platforms to solve real operational challenges. You’ll lead the shift from manual, fragmented processes to high-performance digital workflows that scale.</p>
<h3><strong>Essential Requirements</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Strong proficiency in JavaScript and Python, ability to extend low-code functionality, manipulate data objects, and implement custom logic within Retool.<br><br></li>
<li>Ability to write complex SQL queries to build, test, and document data models.<br><br></li>
<li>Comfortable using GitHub for version control and configuration management.<br><br></li>
<li>Experience designing and implementing data pipelines using APIs to integrate fragmented third-party systems.<br><br></li>
<li>Proficient in Spark and Python, with hands-on experience in ETL frameworks, data cleaning, and data modelling.<br><br></li>
<li>Experience working with Kafka, Kubernetes, Flyte, and cloud environments.<br><br></li>
<li>Solid understanding of UX concepts and best practices.</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>Desirable Qualifications</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Strong stakeholder management skills and willingness to work closely with internal, non-technical stakeholders.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Proven experience with Retool.</li>
</ul>
<p>We understand that everyone has a unique set of skills and experiences and that not everyone will meet all of the requirements listed above. If you’re passionate about self-driving cars and think you have what it takes to make a positive impact on the world, we encourage you to apply.</p>
<p>Candidates must already hold the right to work in the United Kingdom. Unfortunately, we are unable to sponsor new visas or extend existing ones for this role.</p>
<p>This is a full-time role based in our offices in <strong>London</strong>. At Wayve we want the best of all worlds so we operate a hybrid working policy that combines time together in our offices and workshops to fuel innovation, culture, relationships and learning, and time spent working from home. We operate core working hours so you can determine the schedule that works best for you and your team.&nbsp;&nbsp;</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><span class="notion-enable-hover" data-token-index="0">Wayve is committed to creating an inclusive interview experience. If you require any accommodations or adjustments to participate fully in our interview process, please let us know</span></p>
<p>We understand that everyone has a unique set of skills and experiences and that not everyone will meet all of the requirements listed above. If you’re passionate about self-driving cars and think you have what it takes to make a positive impact on the world, we encourage you to apply.</p>
<p>For more information visit <a href="https://wayve.ai/careers/">Careers at Wayve.&nbsp;</a></p>
<p>To learn more about what drives us, visit <a href="https://wayve.ai/careers/">Values at Wayve&nbsp;</a></p>
<hr>
<p>DISCLAIMER: We will not ask about marriage or pregnancy, care responsibilities or disabilities in any of our job adverts or interviews. However, we do look to capture information about care responsibilities, and disabilities among other diversity information as part of an optional DEI Monitoring form to help us identify areas of improvement in our hiring process and ensure that the process is inclusive and non-discriminatory.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p></div>