<div class="content-intro"><p>We are a global team of innovators and pioneers dedicated to shaping the future of observability. At New Relic, we build an intelligent platform that empowers companies to thrive in an AI-first world by giving them unparalleled insight into their complex systems. As we continue to expand our global footprint, we're looking for passionate people to join our mission. If you're ready to help the world's best companies optimize their digital applications, we invite you to explore a career with us!</p></div><h3><strong>Your opportunity</strong></h3>
<p><br>The Global Enablement team at New Relic provides enablement needs analysis, learning programs design, delivery and coaching to drive successful sales and technical performance and reduce time to proficiency for all sales segments.</p>
<p>The GTM Enablement Leader for EMEA is responsible for developing and implementing comprehensive enablement strategies, training programs, and tools that empower the EMEA GTM team to achieve their goals. &nbsp;You will build and execute programs in collaboration with key business stakeholders and will interact with senior levels across the organization in a fast paced, dynamic environment.</p>
<h3>&nbsp;</h3>
<h3><strong>What you’ll do</strong></h3>
<p>&nbsp; &nbsp; • &nbsp; &nbsp;Collaborate with EMEA GTM Leadership: Work with go-to-market leadership and sales teams to pinpoint Sales Enablement needs and set success metrics, emphasizing operational rigor and value selling.<br>&nbsp; &nbsp; • &nbsp; &nbsp;Lead Sales New Hire Training: Design and deliver Sales New Hire Training for EMEA to facilitate quick ramp-up to productivity.<br>&nbsp; &nbsp; • &nbsp; &nbsp;Engage with Senior Leadership: Regularly discuss emerging strategic initiatives with senior leadership and create a training schedule that aligns with EMEA priorities, incorporating regional learning needs.<br>&nbsp; &nbsp; • &nbsp; &nbsp;Develop Ongoing Enablement Programs: Partner with EMEA Sales, Customer Success, and GTM leadership to design, build, and implement continuous enablement programs for GTM roles.<br>&nbsp; &nbsp; • &nbsp; &nbsp;Collaborate with Global Enablement: Work with the Global Enablement Program to create and deliver experiential learning initiatives that drive behavior change and enhance performance.<br>&nbsp; &nbsp; • &nbsp; &nbsp;Tailor Training Content: Create and deliver training materials specifically designed for GTM roles, including Sales, Solution Consultants, &amp; Customer Success in partnership with technical enablement team.<br>&nbsp; &nbsp; • &nbsp; &nbsp;Set Training Goals and Standards: Develop and implement training objectives and performance benchmarks, providing regular updates to regional and global stakeholders.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<h3><strong>Required Skills</strong></h3>
<p>&nbsp; &nbsp; • &nbsp; &nbsp;Relationship Building: Strong ability to establish and maintain relationships across all organizational levels.<br>&nbsp; &nbsp; • &nbsp; &nbsp;Content Development: Expertise in creating and delivering value selling and sales process/methodology training.<br>&nbsp; &nbsp; • &nbsp; &nbsp;Facilitation and Coaching: Proven experience in training and coaching sales account executives and managers.<br>&nbsp; &nbsp; • &nbsp; &nbsp;Communication Skills: Excellent verbal and written communication and presentation abilities.<br>&nbsp; &nbsp; • &nbsp; &nbsp;Experience in SaaS: 5+ years in developing and delivering sales enablement content within the SaaS tech industry.<br>&nbsp; &nbsp; • &nbsp; &nbsp;Language Proficiency: Fluency in English.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<h3><strong>Bonus Skills</strong></h3>
<p>&nbsp; &nbsp; • &nbsp; &nbsp;Value Selling Certification: Certification in methodologies like Challenger, Command of Message, &amp; MEDDPICC.<br>&nbsp; &nbsp; • &nbsp; &nbsp;Business Analysis: Experience in analyzing business needs and demonstrating value to customers.<br>&nbsp; &nbsp; • &nbsp; &nbsp;Leadership: Strong leadership skills and a collaborative team player.<br>&nbsp; &nbsp; • &nbsp; &nbsp;Project Management: Project/program management experience.<br>&nbsp; &nbsp; • &nbsp; &nbsp;Metrics Proficiency: Ability to establish learning and performance metrics (e.g., new hire productivity, ROI).<br>&nbsp; &nbsp; • &nbsp; &nbsp;Adaptability: Skilled at prioritizing tasks and meeting deadlines in a dynamic, fast-paced environment.<br>&nbsp; &nbsp; • &nbsp; &nbsp;Willingness to Travel: Ready to travel as needed.<br>&nbsp; &nbsp; • &nbsp; &nbsp;Multilingual Ability: Knowledge of additional languages is a plus.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>Qualified applicants may inquire about visa sponsorship (including transfer of a current H-1B visa), but the company does not support or sponsor O-1, F-1, or J-1 visas, or candidates who require commencement of an H-1B "cap case" petition for future work authorization. This position is to be filled as soon as possible.</p>
<p>#LI-RW1&nbsp; #LI-Remote</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p>Fostering a diverse, welcoming and inclusive environment is important to us. We work hard to make everyone feel comfortable bringing their best, most authentic selves to work every day. We celebrate our talented Relics’ different backgrounds and abilities, and recognize the different paths they took to reach us – including nontraditional ones. Their experiences and perspectives inspire us to make our products and company the best they can be. We’re looking for people who feel connected to our mission and values, not just candidates who check off all the boxes.&nbsp;</p>
<p>If you require a reasonable accommodation to complete any part of the application or recruiting process, please reach out to <a href="mailto:resume@newrelic.com" target="\_blank">resume@newrelic.com</a>.</p>
<p>We believe in empowering all Relics to achieve professional and business success through a flexible workforce model. This model allows us to work in a variety of workplaces that best support our success, including fully office-based, fully remote, or hybrid.</p>
<p><strong>Our hiring process</strong><br><br>In compliance with applicable law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work and to complete employment eligibility verification. Note: Our stewardship of the data of thousands of customers means that a criminal background check is required to join New Relic.<br><br>We will consider qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records based on individual circumstances and in accordance with applicable law including, but not limited to, the&nbsp;<a href="https://sfgov.org/olse/sites/default/files/FCO%20poster2020.pdf" target="\_blank">San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance</a>.<br><br>Headhunters and recruitment agencies may not submit resumes/CVs through this website or directly to managers. New Relic does not accept unsolicited headhunter and agency resumes, and will not pay fees to any third-party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with New Relic.</p>
<p>New Relic develops and distributes encryption software and technology that complies with U.S. export controls and licensing requirements. Certain New Relic roles require candidates to pass an export compliance assessment as a condition of employment in any global location. If relevant, we will provide more information later in the application process.</p>
<p>Candidates are evaluated based on qualifications, regardless of race, religion, ethnicity, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender expression or identity, age, disability, neurodiversity, veteran or marital status, political viewpoint, or other legally protected characteristics.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Review our Applicant Privacy Notice at&nbsp;<a href="https://newrelic.com/termsandconditions/applicant-privacy-policy" target="\_blank">https://newrelic.com/termsandconditions/applicant-privacy-policy</a></p></div>