<div class="content-intro"><p><span style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;">Shift delivers AI agents that transform insurers' most critical work. By combining deep industry expertise and unmatched data resources, Shift provides proven results that have earned the trust of hundreds of the world's leading insurers. Our insurance-grade AI is accurate, explainable, and secure—empowering human experts to move with unmatched speed, total confidence, and a renewed focus on the people they serve.</span></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><video poster="https://8595762.fs1.hubspotusercontent-na1.net/hubfs/8595762/2026%20Website%20Refresh/2026%20Shift%20Brand%20Video/thumbnail-violet.jpg" controls="controls" width="300" height="150">
&nbsp;&nbsp;<source src="https://8595762.fs1.hubspotusercontent-na1.net/hubfs/8595762/2026%20Website%20Refresh/2026%20Shift%20Brand%20Video/2026%20Shift%20Brand%20Video%20(English).mp4" type="video/mp4">
&nbsp;&nbsp;Your browser does not support the video tag.</video></p>
<p><span style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;">Our culture is built on innovation, trust, and a drive to transform the insurance industry through our SaaS platform. We come from more than 50 different countries and cultures and together we are creating the future of insurance.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;">Learn more at <a href="http://www.shift-technology.com" target="\_blank">www.shift-technology.com</a></span></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p></div><p><strong>Your Role</strong><br>As the senior leader for the UK project management function, you will play a pivotal role in ensuring Shift Technology’s success in the UK. You will lead the team of project managers responsible for the delivery of our solutions to our clients, overseeing the end-to-end delivery process, from project inception to completion, ensuring that all client requirements are met with the highest level of quality and efficiency.</p>
<p>More specifically, you will:</p>
<ul>
<li>Manage the entire delivery lifecycle of our portfolio of projects including participating in pre-sales as well as project inception, planning , execution, monitoring, and closure.</li>
<li>Develop, coach and empower a highly skilled team of project managers with a focus on operational excellence, personal accountability, resilience, #MakeItHappen attitude, and spirit of collaboration</li>
<li>Coordinate and collaborate with leaders from across both the UK, Ireland &amp; Nordics region and broader Shift to align strategy, priorities, resources and execution across your portfolio&nbsp; (internal partners include Data Science, Customer Success, Sales and Solutions Consulting, Product, Engineering, Legal)</li>
<li>Develop and maintain strong relationships with key client stakeholders, understanding their business context and needs, and&nbsp; providing regular updates on project progress, addressing any concerns or issues, ensuring overall client satisfaction</li>
<li>Proactively identify risks and issues that may impact project delivery and work with internal teams to mitigate them effectively.</li>
<li>Drive continuous improvement initiatives to enhance delivery processes and methodologies&nbsp;</li>
<li>Personally manage key, high-impact projects, demonstrating expert project management skills and strategic decision-making.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Your Profile</strong><br>Shift’s project management team is composed of high achievers dedicated to exceptional client service, driven by challenging projects, and committed to continuous learning and innovation.</p>
<ul>
<li>Proven experience (10+ years) in delivery management role within the Enterprise SaaS industry</li>
<li>10+ years experience in Project Management, with at least 5+ years of experience leading and motivating a high performing team in the Enterprise Software/SaaS Industry</li>
<li>Outstanding communication skills in English, with the ability to simplify complex concepts and with the ability to effectively interact with clients and internal teams at all levels.</li>
<li>Dynamic, curious leader who embraces continuous learning and actively seeks to broaden your expertise and influence.</li>
<li>Highly organized and detail-oriented, with the ability to manage multiple complex, high visibility projects simultaneously while meeting deadlines.</li>
<li>Strategic mindset balanced with day-to-day operational excellence.</li>
<li>Strong leadership qualities, taking full ownership of your responsibilities, inspiring your team, and driving innovation to enhance service quality and client satisfaction.</li>
<li>Relevant certifications in project management (e.g., CAPM, PMP, PRINCE2) are a plus.</li>
<li>Advanced fluency in English is required, with the ability to communicate with the nuance and precision of a native speaker.</li>
<li>Additional languages (French, German, Italian) are a plus.</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><p><span style="color: #000000;"><strong><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;">To support our permanent, full time employees at every stage of their careers and lives, we provide a competitive total rewards and benefits package. Here are the global benefits we’d like to highlight:</span></strong></span></p>
<ul>
<li style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;"><span style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0); font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;">Flexible remote and hybrid working options</span></li>
<li style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;"><span style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0); font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;">Competitive Salary and a variable component tied to personal and company performance</span></li>
<li style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;"><span style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0); font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;">Multiple Learning and Development opportunities, including Focus Fridays, a half-day each month to focus on learning and personal growth</span></li>
<li style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;"><span style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0); font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;">Generous PTO and paid holidays</span></li>
<li style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;"><span style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0); font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;">Mental health benefits&nbsp;</span></li>
<li style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;"><span style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0); font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;">2 MAD Days per year (Make A Difference Days for paid volunteering)</span></li>
</ul>
<p><span style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0); font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;">Additional benefits may be offered by country, based on your eligibility - ask your recruiter for more information. Intern and Apprentice positions may receive some of these benefits - ask your recruiter for more details.</span></p>
<p><span style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0); font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;"><em>At Shift we strive to be a diverse and inclusive workforce. <em data-stringify-type="italic">We welcome applications from and hire people who will contribute to the diversity of our company,&nbsp;</em>without regard to race, color, religion, marital status, age, national or ethnic origin, physical or mental disability, medical condition, pregnancy, genetic information, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, or other non-merit criteria.</em></span></p>
<p><span style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0); font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;"><em>Shift Technology is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities in our application and employment process. Should you require accommodation, please email accommodation@shift-technology.com and we will work with you to meet your accessibility needs.</em></span></p>
<p><span style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0); font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;"><em>Please be aware of scammers and only trust correspondence that comes from emails ending in "shift-technology.com". We will never do initial outreach to you via Whatsapp/Text/SMS, never ask for banking information or personal identification numbers (ex. Social Security Number) as part of our recruitment process.</em></span></p>
<p><span style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0); font-size: 8pt; font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;"><em>Shift Technology does not accept unsolicited CVs from recruiters or employment agencies in response to the Shift Technology Careers page or a Shift Technology social media post. Any unsolicited CVs, including those submitted directly to hiring managers, are deemed to be the property of Shift Technology. </em></span></p></div>