<div class="content-intro"><p>ZoomInfo is where careers accelerate. We move fast, think boldly, and empower you to do the best work of your life. You’ll be surrounded by teammates who care deeply, challenge each other, and celebrate wins. With tools that amplify your impact and a culture that backs your ambition, you won’t just contribute. You’ll make things happen–fast.</p></div><p></p>
<p><strong>About the Role :&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>ZoomInfo is looking for an experienced, results-oriented Integration Support Specialist who excels in communication, presence, and confidence. This role is an integral part of our strategy to ensure every customer is successful. You will work with our customers to build relationships and drive value based on customer-defined goals, and will be responsible for delivering exceptional customer experiences through friendly, efficient, accurate service and quick resolution of customer incidents and inquiries.</p>
<p><strong>Shift : Flexibility to work in EST &amp; PST</strong></p>
<p><strong>Hybrid work set up : 3 days in office and 2 days work from home</strong></p>
<p><strong>What You'll Do:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Provide day-to-day support for our growing customer base, including both incident management and providing workflow recommendations to ensure customers can get the most out of our platform and its integrations.</li>
<li>Effectively triage and manage escalations to engineering teams for issues that can’t be resolved&nbsp;</li>
<li>Document best practices and other useful information to better enable our customers through our online support tools</li>
<li>Serve as the voice of the customer by ensuring customer feedback is clearly captured and conveyed internally to enable ongoing improvement of ZoomInfo products and services</li>
<li>Learn third-party products and their integrations to educate and guide customers on usage and product adoption</li>
<li>Identify renewal risks and up-sell opportunities, collaborate with internal teams to remediate issues, ensuring a high level of customer satisfaction enabling a successful renewal</li>
<li>Other related duties as assigned</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>What You Bring:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Bachelor’s degree Mandatory and 2-3 years of equivalent work experience in SaaS organization&nbsp;</li>
<li style="font-weight: bold;"><strong>Adaptable to Night shift (EST / PST)</strong></li>
<li>Technical CRM, MAT, or Sales Acceleration platform experience; Certification with Salesforce, Marketo, HubSpot, Eloqua and/or Microsoft Dynamics is a strong plus</li>
<li>Experience with SOQL (Salesforce), and troubleshooting Salesforce Managed Packages</li>
<li>Familiarity with troubleshooting or interacting with API's</li>
<li>Prior experience using DataDog, Jira, and Snowflake</li>
<li>Prior experience with video conferencing applications</li>
<li>Proven ability to multi-task and successfully manage multiple priorities simultaneously</li>
<li>Must have a strong attention to detail and be a self-directed problem solver</li>
<li>Ability to adapt and pivot in a fast paced, ever-changing environment</li>
<li>Excellent customer service skills and the ability to be empathetic, accurate, compassionate, responsive, resourceful, and conscientious</li>
<li>A strong sense of urgency</li>
<li>Ability to empower end-users to support themselves using our online training resources</li>
<li>Excellent organizational, written and oral communication skills – You must be able to convey technical jargon in a wide-array of syntax from beginner-level users to developers</li>
<li>Ability to evaluate, troubleshoot, and follow-up on customer issues as well as replicate and document for further escalation</li>
<li>A desire and aptitude to learn and understand technical infrastructure</li>
<li>A positive attitude</li>
</ul>
<section class="account-page\_\_wrapper page-layout page-layout--primary-panel-workspace page-layout--large" data-test-settings-wrapper="" data-test-page-layout="">
<div class="page-layout\_\_grid-container">
<div class="page-layout\_\_workspace" data-test-page-layout-workspace="">
<div class="account-page-workspace-content" data-test-account-page-workspace="" data-artdeco-is-focused="true">
<div class="setting-container">
<div class="setting-group" data-test-promotion-settings-page="">
<div class="setting-group\_\_list">
<div class="ember-view setting-group-item promotion-settings-page\_\_item" data-test-selector="setting-group-item">
<div class="setting-item-core\_\_grid-container" data-test-setting-item="form-closed" data-test-promotion-tag-setting="" data-live-test-promotion-tag-setting="" data-live-test-setting-item="">
<div class="setting-item-core\_\_right-pane">
<div class="ember-view setting-item-core\_\_state t-14 t-black--light" data-test-selector="setting-item-core-state" data-test-promotion-tag-setting-state="">#LI-VG3</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</section>
<section class=""></section>
<div id="ember267" class="ember-view messaging-side-panel\_\_overlay"></div>
<div class="ember-view messaging-side-panel\_\_overlay">#LI-Hybrid</div>
<p></p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>About us:</strong>&nbsp;</p>
<p>ZoomInfo (NASDAQ: GTM) is the Go-To-Market Intelligence Platform that empowers businesses to grow faster with AI-ready insights, trusted data, and advanced automation. Its solutions provide more than 35,000 companies worldwide with a complete view of their customers, making every seller their best seller.</p>
<p>ZoomInfo is committed to protecting your privacy when you apply for jobs with us. Please review our Job Applicant <a href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1yiG-k0YX\_sW10PiJk\_xliDc3W-veJCrK/view?usp=drive\_link">Privacy Notice</a> for more details on how we handle your personal information.</p>
<p>ZoomInfo may use a software-based assessment as part of the recruitment process. More information about this tool, including the results of the most recent bias audit, is available <a href="https://www.zoominfo.com/legal/nyc-local-law-144-notice">here</a>.</p>
<p>ZoomInfo is proud to be an equal opportunity employer, hiring based on qualifications, merit, and business needs, and does not discriminate based on protected status. We welcome all applicants and are committed to providing equal employment opportunities regardless of sex, race, age, color, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, disability status, religion, protected military or veteran status, medical condition, or any other characteristic protected by applicable law. We also consider qualified candidates with criminal histories in accordance with legal requirements.</p>
<p>For Massachusetts Applicants: It is unlawful in Massachusetts to require or administer a lie detector test as a condition of employment or continued employment. An employer who violates this law shall be subject to criminal penalties and civil liability. ZoomInfo does not administer lie detector tests to applicants in any location.</p></div>