<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>This is Adyen</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Adyen provides payments, data, and financial products in a single solution for customers like Meta, Uber, H&amp;M, and Microsoft - making us the financial technology platform of choice. At Adyen, everything we do is engineered for ambition.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">For our teams, we create an environment with opportunities for our people to succeed, backed by the culture and support to ensure they are enabled to truly own their careers. We are motivated individuals who tackle unique technical challenges at scale and solve them as a team. Together, we deliver innovative and ethical solutions that help businesses achieve their ambitions faster.</span></p>
<p><strong>Technical Support Engineer</strong></p>
<p>You will operate as a first interface, communicating directly with Adyen’s merchants across the globe. As part of this role you will be working with teams across Adyen (technical and commercial). Your work will have a direct impact on our merchant’s ability to take payments and further grow their business.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Our&nbsp; team is extremely merchant-focused, highly motivated and thrives on shared success. You will be part of an international support team with diverse backgrounds and skill sets. With Adyen being a 24/7 business we operate throughout time zones using a follow the sun principle. The extensive technical knowledge of the team is the most valuable aspect both to our merchants as our internal teams.</p>
<h4><strong>What you'll do&nbsp;</strong></h4>
<ul>
<li>Be a key source of knowledge on the Adyen platform and APIs, the underlying web-stack technologies, and industry-standard integration methods and best practices.</li>
<li>You are responsible for supporting the merchants’ full lifecycle, providing direct technical support.</li>
<li>Be an internal product advocate, track product processes and contribute to the platform feeding back feedback and issues you get back from merchants.</li>
<li>Advising merchants regarding the best implementation practices and also addressing specific merchants’ issues.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Who you are</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Must have 4-8 Years of professional experience ideally in technology support &amp; operations</li>
<li>You recognise that each interaction with a merchant is a customer service experience. As such you aspire to deliver a seamless merchant support experience across the globe that transcends global boundaries and time. You have strong written and verbal communication skills in English.</li>
<li>You are innovative, have strong problem-solving capabilities and able to adapt to new processes and procedures quickly, while dealing with many varied technical support requests and challenges.</li>
<li>You have affinity with API troubleshooting, Postman, internet technologies and knowledge of technical processes (think HTML / JavaScript&nbsp; / Scripting).</li>
<li>You are self-driven, flexible, and have the ability to maintain high levels of productivity with minimal supervision; taking accountability for your work and results delivered.</li>
<li>You’ve had previous exposure to environments rich in uncertainty and you show a resulting track record of successfully dealing with ambiguity.</li>
<li>You make quick informed decisions under pressure and prioritize appropriately based on urgency, necessity and both internal and external requests.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Our Diversity, Equity and Inclusion commitments&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Our unique approach is a product of our diverse perspectives. This diversity of backgrounds and cultures is essential in helping us maintain our momentum. Our business and technical challenges are unique, and we need as many different voices as possible to join us in solving them - voices like yours. No matter who you are or where you’re from, we welcome you to be your true self at Adyen.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Studies show that women and members of underrepresented communities apply for jobs only if they meet 100% of the qualifications. Does this sound like you? If so, Adyen encourages you to reconsider and apply. We look forward to your application!</span></p>
<p><strong>What’s next?</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Ensuring a smooth and enjoyable candidate experience is critical for us. We aim to get back to you regarding your application within 5 business days. Our interview process tends to take about 4 weeks to complete, but may fluctuate depending on the role. </span><a href="https://careers.adyen.com/how-we-hire"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Learn more about our hiring process here</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">. Don’t be afraid to let us know if you need more flexibility.</span></p>
<p>This role is based out of our Bengaluru office. We are an office-first company and value in-person collaboration; we do not offer remote-only roles, our hybrid work policy consists of 3 days a week in our office and 2 days working from home.</p>