<div class="content-intro"><p>Tenstorrent is leading the industry on cutting-edge AI technology, revolutionizing performance expectations, ease of use, and cost efficiency. With AI redefining the computing paradigm, solutions must evolve to unify innovations in software models, compilers, platforms, networking, and semiconductors. Our diverse team of technologists have developed a high performance RISC-V CPU from scratch, and share a passion for AI and a deep desire to build the best AI platform possible. We value collaboration, curiosity, and a commitment to solving hard problems. We are growing our team and looking for contributors of all seniorities.</p></div><p>As part of Tenstorrent’s Automotive Robotics team, you will help define and develop silicon hardware for mobility and robotics solutions. You will work with architects and hardware designers to make the right tradeoffs between performance, safety, and cost. You will lead the creation of safety work products and drive safety analysis across a range of hardware modules.</p>
<p><em>This role is remote, based in Munich, Germany.</em></p>
<p><em>We welcome candidates at various experience levels for this role. During the interview process, candidates will be assessed for the appropriate level, and offers will align with that level, which may differ from the one in this posting.</em></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Who You Are</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>An expert in silicon hardware development, with robotics or automotive systems knowledge as a plus.</li>
<li>Experienced in ISO26262, IEC61508, and or other relevant safety standards.</li>
<li>Excellent at working with hardware designers to define novel solutions that maximize performance and safety.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>What We Need</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Somebody able to work with RTL designers to make safe design decisions.</li>
<li>5+ years of experience with executing, and helping others execute; required safety analysis and safety work products.</li>
<li>Somebody able to work with team members and safety assessors to certify hardware designs.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>What You Will Learn</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Every facet of hardware design for the automotive and robotics semiconductor industry.</li>
<li>How cutting edge machine learning and AI shape safety critical compute platforms.</li>
<li>Improving workflows and validation practices in a fast-moving environment.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><em>Tenstorrent offers a highly competitive compensation package and benefits, and we are an equal opportunity employer.</em></p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><em>This offer of employment is contingent upon the applicant being eligible to access U.S. export-controlled technology. &nbsp;Due to U.S. export laws, including those codified in the U.S. Export Administration Regulations (EAR), the Company is required to ensure compliance with these laws when transferring technology to nationals of certain countries (such as EAR Country Groups D:1, E1, and E2). &nbsp; These requirements apply to persons located in the U.S. and all countries outside the U.S. &nbsp;As the position offered will have direct and/or indirect access to information, systems, or technologies subject to these laws, the offer may be contingent upon your citizenship/permanent residency status or ability to obtain prior license approval from the U.S. Commerce Department or applicable federal agency. &nbsp;If employment is not possible due to U.S. export laws, any offer of employment will be rescinded.</em></p></div>