<div class="content-intro"><h2><span data-sheets-root="1">About Wolt</span></h2>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">At Wolt, we create technology that brings joy, simplicity and earnings to the neighborhoods of the world. In 2014 we started with delivery of restaurant food. Now we’re building the delivery of (almost) everything and you’ll find us in over 500 cities in 30 countries around the world. In 2022 we joined forces with DoorDash and together we keep on dreaming big and expanding across the globe.<br><br>Working at Wolt isn’t always easy, but it’s definitely exciting. Here you’ll learn more, build more, and ship more than in most other companies. You’ll be challenged a lot, but also have a lot of fun on the way. So, if you’re a self-starter with drive and entrepreneurial spirit, this could be the ride of your life.</span></p></div><p>At Wolt, you can grow your account management career with a fun and fast-scaling global business. Part of the DoorDash team, we’re building a global logistics platform that can deliver (almost) everything in your city, to your door in minutes. Today, our products are used by 55+ million registered users who can now order from 200,000+ restaurants and retail stores across 30+ countries around the world.</p>
<p>Our Account Development teams create and build our relationships with merchants. Together, we’ve helped big brands, local stores and neighborhood restaurants do over €15 billion’s worth of business through our platform. We’re constantly launching new cities and products, so there are always new opportunities to expand your skills and progress your career.&nbsp;</p>
<p>As a Retail Development Manager within New Verticals,&nbsp; you’ll be responsible for strategically developing a portfolio of key account partners, driving their growth and profitability. This role includes overall ownership of the accounts, ensuring a hands-on approach to daily management. You will implement new products, upsell, and handle tenders for existing partners throughout Poland.</p>
<h2>What you’ll be doing</h2>
<p>You’ll work closely with various stakeholders, always prioritizing Wolt’s best interests and enabling our operations to flourish.</p>
<h3><strong>Day-to-day in this role you’ll:</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li><strong>Account Growth Strategy: </strong>Develop and execute strategies to enhance key account assortments, driving growth and profitability through effective category management and store expansions.</li>
<li><strong>Business Development: </strong>Pitch and execute innovative campaigns that drive account growth and enhance partner visibility. Identify and prioritize the needs of merchants, collaborating to co-create impactful solutions. Drive business development by selling Wolt Ads, campaign opportunities, and Wolt+ services to strengthen partnerships.</li>
<li><strong>Operational Excellence &amp; Collaboration: </strong>Ensure optimal in-store processes and quality standards while working closely with account partners to implement growth initiatives and facilitate ongoing improvements.</li>
<li><strong>Market Insight &amp; Data-Driven Analysis: </strong>Leverage market knowledge and data analytics to inform strategies, make informed decisions, and enhance account performance through comprehensive analyses and presentations. Conduct quarterly Business Reviews with partners to assess performance and develop forward-looking strategies.</li>
<li><strong>Relationship Building:</strong> Build and maintain strong relationships with partners through proactive communication and exceptional service.</li>
</ul>
<h2>Our humble expectations</h2>
<ul>
<li>Proven success in Account Management and/or Business Development (4+ years), with a strong commercial mindset driving growth and profitability.</li>
<li>Strategic commercial thinker who builds crisp, data-driven business cases and turns insights into decisions.</li>
<li>Understanding of the Poland retail landscape, with experience in e-commerce or FMCG sectors.</li>
<li>Exceptional skills in managing relationships at all organizational levels, ensuring alignment and driving collaboration across internal and external partners.</li>
<li>Advanced analytics skills with Looker or Power BI and strong spreadsheet fluency.</li>
<li>Clear, structured communicator and trusted partner who can influence without authority.</li>
<li>Skilled negotiator who drives adoption of solutions like Wolt Ads, Wolt Plus and Wolt Drive when they add value.</li>
<li>English &amp; Polish fluency</li>
</ul>
<h2>Why you’ll love it</h2>
<ul>
<li><strong>🚀Global and growing fast: </strong>Be part of a fast-moving scaleup</li>
<li><strong>🤩Ride of a lifetime: </strong>Accelerate your career and build your sales skills&nbsp;</li>
<li><strong>💪Instant impact: </strong>Take ownership and make a difference</li>
<li><strong>💙Big hearts and small egos: </strong>Surround yourself with smart, friendly people</li>
</ul>
<h2>Next steps</h2>
<p>If you are excited about working in a high-growth environment, taking ownership, and being part of an extremely ambitious team, then click below to apply, make sure to add your CV and get the conversation going!&nbsp;</p>
<p>We will be reviewing applications on an on-going basis. If this sounds like an opportunity you want to pursue, apply today!&nbsp; 💙</p>
<h2>Compensation &amp; Benefits for Poland</h2>
<p>The total target compensation (On-Target Earnings) for this role is 11 150 PLN - 13 938 PLN gross per month. The successful candidate's starting pay will fall within the pay range listed above and is determined based on a number of job-related factors including, but not limited to, skills, experience, qualifications, work location, and market conditions. This compensation is composed of a 80/20 split between base salary and variable pay (where the base salary represents 80% of the OTE range above). Eligible employees may earn variable compensation if they meet 100% of their performance targets. Actual earnings may be higher if targets are exceeded or lower if targets are not fully met.</p>
<p>This position is not eligible for consideration for an equity/RSU grant.</p>
<p><iframe src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/GoL541\_xj9w" width="560" height="314"></iframe></p>
<p>#LI-WM1&nbsp;</p><div class="content-conclusion"><h2><span data-sheets-root="1">Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion</span></h2>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">We’re committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. That’s why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.</span></p></div>