<p>At JetBrains, we create tools that are supposed to make software development fun and productive. As is known, the top fun in the development process comes from authoring build files—a unique combination of guesswork and riddle solving. With Amper, we want to eliminate all that and create a build tool that just gets out of the way.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Amper is the next-generation build tool for the JVM and the Kotlin ecosystem. It aims to make simple things easy while giving enough power to build tomorrow's Enterprise JVM applications.&nbsp;</p>
<p>The first experimental version of Amper was released at the end of 2023. Since then, we have been <a href="https://blog.jetbrains.com/amper/">constantly iterating</a> based on user feedback and evolving the tool, and presented it at the <a href="https://kotlinconf.com/">KotlinConf 2024</a>.</p>
<p>We’re looking for an <strong>Amper Project Lead</strong> to take full engineering ownership of <strong>Amper.</strong> You’ll connect the dots and create an experience from the IDE to the build configuration language to shape how JVM applications are built. Along with a stream of algorithmic puzzles, architectural design, integration with the underlying OSes, and toolchains. Whether you are an expert with an in-depth understanding of specific areas or a specialist with a broad knowledge of technical areas, you’ll find a good fit!</p>
<p>You’ll work closely with Engineering, Developer Advocacy, and Marketing to define the product’s value proposition, define the features, implement it, get first users, and scale up.</p>
<h3><strong>In this role, you will:</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Provide technical leadership of the Amper team</li>
<li>Evaluate available options for design and implementation, and solve them with the team – from IDE starters to incremental compilation</li>
<li>Create, test, and implement a go-to-market strategy for Amper</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>We’re looking for someone who:</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Have a strong technical background and at least 5 years of Java/Kotlin development experience</li>
<li>Understand algorithms and data structures, and can apply them in your daily work.</li>
<li>Has a strong understanding of build systems</li>
<li>Has experience in hiring, people/team, and project management</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>We’d be especially thrilled if you have:</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Experience in developer tools, compilers, programming languages, emerging tech R&amp;D teams, or startups</li>
<li>Experience and track record in the open source community</li>
<li>A history of working on advanced technologies.</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>Why join JetBrains?</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Strong base salary. We offer competitive pay that reflects your skills and experience.</li>
<li>Flexible work location. Enjoy the freedom to work from home or from the office.</li>
<li>Remote work. Spend up to 30 days per year working remotely from abroad.</li>
<li>Extra time off. More days to relax, recharge, and do the things you love.</li>
<li>Medical insurance allowance. Enjoy peace of mind for you and your family.</li>
<li>Learning and development opportunities. Access to conferences, courses, and language classes.</li>
<li>Language classes. Pick up the local language or sharpen your English skills.</li>
<li>Fuel your day. Enjoy a hot meal or receive a lunch allowance on workdays.</li>
<li>Mental health support. To help you feel your best, we provide easy access to professional mental health services.</li>
<li>Sports benefit. Enjoy an on-site gym or sports club stipend.</li>
<li>Internal events. Join company-wide celebrations and team gatherings.</li>
</ul>
<p>\*Some benefits may vary depending on location.</p>
<p><span style="color: rgb(255, 255, 255);">#LI-DNI</span></p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>We are an equal opportunity employer</strong><br><br>We know great ideas can come from anyone, anywhere. That’s why we do our best to create an open and inclusive workplace – one that welcomes everyone regardless of their background, identity, religion, age, accessibility needs, or orientation.</p>
<p><em data-stringify-type="italic">We process the data provided in your job application in accordance with the <a href="https://www.jetbrains.com/legal/docs/privacy/privacy-recruitment/">Recruitment Privacy Policy.</a></em></p></div>