<p>
  <strong>Headquarters:</strong> Tel Aviv-Yafo, Tel Aviv District, IL
</p>

Description: <p>Joining Tikal means entering a career journey, building your tailored development roadmap.</p><p>While seniority doesn't signify the end of learning, it can often be difficult to find the time and hands-on experience to focus on your professional development. At Tikal, you can choose what you want and need to learn and the hands-on practice to "walk the talk"</p><p><br></p><p><strong>What You’ll Gain at Tikal:</strong></p><ul><li><strong>Micro and Macro Perspective-</strong> With exposure to 70-100 relevant clients in the field, you’ll gain a broad view and deep understanding of different technologies and methodologies across various industries.</li><li><strong>Technical Mastery: </strong>Utilize state-of-the-art DevOps tools and practices in real-world production settings, ensuring you are always at the forefront of technology. Embrace a cloud-native stack and the 15-factor app principles to build scalable, maintainable, and efficient applications.</li><li><strong>Expert DevOps Community- </strong>Join a team of ~50 dedicated DevOps professionals who live and breathe DevOps. You’ll collaborate, share knowledge, and refine practices together, growing as part of a supportive and highly skilled group.</li><li><strong>Toolbox- </strong>As a company with over 25 years of experience, we provide a robust technical foundation and a comprehensive toolbox, developed through years of knowledge and integration of best-in-class tools.</li></ul><p><strong>Responsibilities:</strong></p><ul><li><strong>Microservices Transformation- </strong>Lead the migration from monolithic systems to microservices using Kubernetes, Istio, and Linkerd. Your work will focus on ensuring reliability, scalability, and fault tolerance in production.</li><li><strong>Container Orchestration- </strong>Manage Kubernetes clusters at scale, automate deployments with Helm, and integrate continuous delivery using Gitops technologies (ArgoCD).</li><li><strong>Developer Experience- </strong>Improve CI/CD pipelines with GitLab CI, github-actions, and other tools to enhance productivity and streamline workflows.</li><li><strong>GitOps and Automation- </strong>Implement GitOps using FluxCD and automate infrastructure management with Terraform. You’ll be responsible for maintaining security and configuration management with HashiCorp Vault.</li><li><strong>Monitoring and Observability- </strong>Build and manage observability stacks using Prometheus, Grafana, Loki, and Jaeger, ensuring full visibility and fast incident response.</li><li><strong>Production Readiness- </strong>Define production-readiness standards and implement monitoring tools like Datadog and New Relic to ensure systems are stable and performant.</li></ul><br><br>Requirements: <p>Tech skills:</p><ul><li><strong>5+ Years in DevOps- </strong>Extensive experience working in complex, large-scale environments.</li><li><strong>Kubernetes Expertise- </strong>Strong knowledge of Kubernetes, Helm, Istio, and related tools within the CNCF ecosystem.</li><li><strong>Cloud and IaC- </strong>Proficient in Terraform, Ansible, and other Infrastructure as Code tools. Experience across AWS, GCP, and Azure is a plus.</li><li><strong>GitOps and Automation- </strong>Hands-on experience with GitOps practices, using tools like ArgoCD, FluxCD, and Jenkins.</li><li><strong>Monitoring and Observability- </strong>Proven experience building and maintaining monitoring and observability stacks with Prometheus, Grafana, Loki, and Jaeger</li></ul><p><br></p><p><strong>If you’re a leading DevOps professional who resonates with what we’ve described and has the practical and architectural skills to make a difference, let’s meet.</strong></p>

<p><strong>To apply:</strong> <a href="https://weworkremotely.com/remote-jobs/tikal-senior-devops-engineer">https://weworkremotely.com/remote-jobs/tikal-senior-devops-engineer</a></p>