<div class="content-intro"><p>Figma is growing our team of passionate creatives and builders on a mission to make design accessible to all. Figma’s platform helps teams bring ideas to life—whether you're brainstorming, creating a prototype, translating designs into code, or iterating with AI. From idea to product, Figma empowers teams to streamline workflows, move faster, and work together in real time from anywhere in the world. If you're excited to shape the future of design and collaboration, join us!</p></div><div class="section page-centered">
<div>
<p>As the Events Marketing Manager (APAC), you'll own and drive revenue generating events and initiatives forward, identifying new opportunities to increase impact and rallying others around those ideas. You'll partner closely with Sales, Marketing, and our Global Experiential Events team to translate organizational objectives into impactful events and experiences. Your focus will be on delivering both in-person and virtual events that align with our business goals, including live-streams, field events, sales-led, and executive/partner experiences. The team will look to you to build a scalable events strategy that scales across our existing and new markets to up-level our brand awareness, drive demand generation, and help grow &amp; retain our B2B customer base.&nbsp;</p>
<p>This is a full time role based in our Singapore hub.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>What you'll do at Figma:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Set the APAC Event Marketing Strategy: Build and execute virtual and in-person events and programmes for the APAC region to support the overarching INTL marketing goals to drive brand awareness (measured through sign ups) and generate pipeline (SAO + PG) and expansion. Ensure successful execution, best practice and solid ROI</li>
<li>Project Management: Plan and execute events from start to finish, including sales team enablement, calendaring, travel, invitations, swag/giveaways, attendee management, speaker programming, and post-event outreach</li>
<li>Operations: Collaborate with the wider APAC Marketing Team to define metrics, track and measure the success of events, and develop lead nurture plans that drive conversion on the heels of any event</li>
<li>Interested party management: Foster cross-functional communications across the Marketing and Sales organizations to ensure alignment and consensus, while uncovering new possibilities to improve efficiency and drive innovation</li>
<li>Performance Tracking and Budget: Develop and implement frameworks and processes to ensure team success, including the tracking and measurement of all marketing programs and spend to budget. This also includes managing third-party vendor relationships, and end-to-end contract negotiations with thoughtful prioritization and optimisation for scale</li>
<li>Regional Leadership: Manage an events operations contractor,&nbsp; as well as be a regional leader and an International Marketing brand ambassador</li>
</ul>
<h4>We'd love to hear from you if you have:</h4>
<ul>
<li>6+ years of experience in events marketing, field marketing, working with sales teams, and owning/delivering on pipeline generation targets and comfort-level with up to 25% travel</li>
<li>Experience with owning all aspects of planning events big and small, such as custom thought leadership programs, roadshows, trade shows &amp; sponsorships, sales dinners, webinars, executive programs and Executive Briefing Centers</li>
<li>Experience creating a strategy that meets a revenue target and associated business priorities</li>
<li>Understand how to work with, and influence stakeholders. You have experience solving sophisticated marketing problems, and collaborating with senior management to find success</li>
<li>A data-driven yet creative mind who likes bringing new ideas to existing projects and continuously pushes the team to try new things</li>
<li>Consistent track record of adapting to changing circumstances, handling unexpected challenges or changes during events, and experience finding solutions to ensure successful event outcomes</li>
</ul>
<div class="section page-centered">
<div>
<div>At Figma, one of our values is Grow as you go. We believe in hiring smart, curious people who are excited to learn and develop their skills. If you’re excited about this role but your past experience doesn’t align perfectly with the points outlined in the job description, we encourage you to apply anyways. You may be just the right candidate for this or other roles.</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div><div class="content-conclusion"><p>At Figma we celebrate and support our differences. We know employing a team rich in diverse thoughts, experiences, and opinions allows our employees, our product and our community to flourish. Figma is an <a href="https://www.eeoc.gov/sites/default/files/2022-10/EEOC\_KnowYourRights\_screen\_reader\_10\_20.pdf">equal opportunity workplace</a> - we are dedicated to equal employment opportunities regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity/expression, veteran status<strong>, </strong>or any other characteristic protected by law. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements.</p>
<p>We will work to ensure individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to apply for a role, participate in the interview process, perform essential job functions, and receive other benefits and privileges of employment. If you require accommodation, please reach out to <a href="mailto:accommodations-ext@figma.com">accommodations-ext@figma.com</a>. These modifications enable an individual with a disability to have an equal opportunity not only to get a job, but successfully perform their job tasks to the same extent as people without disabilities.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Examples of accommodations include but are not limited to:&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>Holding interviews in an accessible location</li>
<li>Enabling closed captioning on video conferencing</li>
<li>Ensuring all written communication be compatible with screen readers</li>
<li>Changing the mode or format of interviews&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p>To ensure the integrity of our hiring process and facilitate a more personal connection, we require all candidates keep their cameras on during video interviews. Additionally, if hired you will be required to attend in person onboarding.</p>
<p>By applying for this job, the candidate acknowledges and agrees that any personal data contained in their application or supporting materials will be processed in accordance with <a class="c-link c-link--underline" href="https://www.figma.com/legal/candidate-privacy-notice/" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://www.figma.com/legal/candidate-privacy-notice/" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">Figma's Candidate Privacy Notice</a>.</p></div>