<div class="content-intro"><p><strong><em>🚀 We’re on a mission to make money work for everyone.</em></strong></p>
<p>We’re waving goodbye to the complicated and confusing ways of traditional banking.</p>
<p>After starting as a prepaid card, our product offering has grown a lot in the last 10 years in the UK. As well as&nbsp;<a href="https://monzo.com/current-account/personal">personal</a> and <a href="https://monzo.com/business-banking">business</a> bank accounts, we offer <a href="https://monzo.com/current-account/joint-account">joint accounts</a>, <a href="https://monzo.com/current-account/16-17">accounts for 16-17 year olds</a>, a <a href="https://monzo.com/current-account/under-16s">free kids account</a> and <a href="https://monzo.com/flex">credit cards</a> in the UK, with more exciting things to come beyond. Our UK customers can also <a href="https://monzo.com/savings">save</a>, <a href="https://monzo.com/investments">invest </a>and&nbsp;<a href="https://monzo.com/pensions">combine their pensions</a> with us.&nbsp;</p>
<p>With our hot coral cards and get-paid-early feature, combined with financial education on social media and our award winning customer service, we have a long history of creating magical moments for our customers!</p>
<p>We’re not about selling products - we want to solve problems and change lives through Monzo ❤️</p>
<hr>
<p>&nbsp;</p></div><p>📍Dublin | 💰€85,000 - €103,500 +&nbsp;<a href="https://monzo.com/careers/">Benefits</a>&nbsp;|&nbsp;<a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U62l09nB0M4">Hear from the team</a>&nbsp;✨</p>
<p><strong>⭐ </strong><strong>What we’re looking for:</strong></p>
<p>As a Senior Fraud Risk Manager who can support our European Risk &amp; Compliance function, you'll play a critical role in ensuring that Monzo Bank Europe implements solutions to comply with our regulatory obligations and effectively manage risk.</p>
<ul>
<li>Regulatory Engagement: Support the Director of Fraud &amp; Financial Crime Risk (MLRO) in constructive engagement with the Central Bank of Ireland and other regulatory bodies.</li>
<li>Strategic Oversight: Ensure that First Line of Defence Operations and Outsourced Services Providers are operating effectively, providing advice and challenge as appropriate.</li>
<li>Strategic Doer: Combine hands-on execution with strategic thinking to align cross-functional teams with our Fraud vision and strategy.&nbsp;&nbsp;</li>
<li>Stakeholder Collaboration: Partner with Product, Risk, Engineering, Operational and Change teams across Monzo jurisdictions to coordinate and contribute to key initiatives, ensuring alignment across teams.</li>
<li>Data-Driven Insight and Storytelling: Use data to create compelling presentations and reports that support prioritisation and reporting.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>🔑&nbsp;</strong><strong>You’ll play a key role by…</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Overseeing and co-ordinating Monzo Bank Europe’s compliance monitoring &amp; assurance activities with colleagues across the three lines of defence.</li>
<li>Support the evolution of Monzo’s Fraud control framework to prepare for PSR/PSD3, and working with Product, Risk and Technical teams to define solutions and deliver.</li>
<li>Collaborating across the company to remove roadblocks and solve complex challenges relating to Monzo's EU expansion.</li>
<li>Supporting the Director of Fraud and Financial Crime Risk (MLRO) in the performance of delegated duties and attendance at key forums/committees/working groups both internal and external.</li>
<li>Formulating and executing strategic projects aligned with Monzo's EU expansion.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>🤩 We'd love to hear from you if…</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>You have a depth of expertise in Fraud risks (e.g. account take over, authorised fraud &amp; insider fraud) and regulatory requirements within Ireland and across other EU jurisdictions.&nbsp;</li>
<li>You are passionate about protecting our customers and Monzo from Fraud.</li>
<li>Are a curious, multi-tasker who thrives in fast-paced, varied environments.</li>
<li>You have a track record of driving outcomes by building consensus and influence.</li>
<li>You have strong analytical skills&nbsp;</li>
<li>You are a problem solver who takes initiative to create high impact for stakeholders.</li>
<li>Excel at stakeholder management and coordination across multiple teams.</li>
<li>Are organised, detail-oriented, and have excellent time management skills</li>
<li>Communicate effectively and clearly.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>🙌 What’s in it for you</strong></p>
<p>💰€85,000 - €103,500 + benefits</p>
<p>📍This role will have a hybrid working model, based in our Dublin office</p>
<p>⏰ We offer flexible working hours and trust you to work enough hours to do your job well, and at times that suit you and your team</p>
<p>🏝 Annual Leave - 34 days including public holidays (24 holiday days + 10 public holidays)</p>
<p>📚€1,200 learning budget each year to use on books, training courses and conferences</p>
<p>🏥 Private healthcare scheme</p>
<p>💰 Pension scheme: the minimum contribution is 4% and Monzo matches any additional contributions that you make up to a maximum of 6%</p>
<p>💛 Wellbeing benefits: financial education, women’s and men’s health support, mental health benefits, including coaching and counselling</p>
<p><strong>🌈</strong><strong>&nbsp;The application journey has 4 key steps</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>30 min call with the Recruiter</li>
<li>30 min call with the Hiring Manager</li>
<li>2 hours of technical and behavioural interviews</li>
<li>Final call with senior leadership</li>
</ul>
<p>This process should take around 2-3 weeks - your schedule is really important to us, so we promise to be as flexible as possible! We have some guidelines on using Artificial Intelligence (AI) to ace an application and interview at Monzo.&nbsp;<a href="https://monzo.com/blog/the-ultimate-guide-on-using-ai-to-ace-an-interview-at-monzo">You can read them here.</a></p>
<p>#LI-MOS1</p><div class="content-conclusion"><hr>
<p><strong>Equal opportunities for everyone</strong></p>
<p>Diversity and inclusion are a priority for us and we’re making sure we have lots of support for all of our people to grow at Monzo. At Monzo, we’re embracing diversity by fostering an inclusive environment for all people to do the best work of their lives with us. This is integral to our mission of making money work for everyone. You can read more in our <a href="https://monzo.com/blog/diversity-and-inclusion">blog</a>, 2024 <a href="https://monzo.com/blog/our-2024-diversity-and-inclusion-report" target="\_blank">Diversity and Inclusion Report</a> and 2024 <a href="https://monzo.com/blog/an-update-on-our-gender-pay-gap-2024">Gender Pay Gap Report.</a></p>
<p>We’re an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be considered for employment without attention to age, ethnicity, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, family or parental status, national origin, or veteran, neurodiversity or disability status.</p>
<p>If you have a preferred name, please use it to apply. We don't need full or birth names at application stage 😊</p></div>