**A word from the team:**

If you are looking for a place to shape meaningful projects from ground up, learn and grow, while taking responsibility for your work - this position is for you. You will take full ownership of our digital marketing projects and drive change. Our team is supportive, collaborative and small enough for your work to make fast and strong impact.

## Your day-to-day:

- Drive end-to-end digital marketing projects' fleet.
- Take ownership of planning, coordinating and executing **digital marketing**, **PR** and **PPC** campaigns.
- Proactively manage timelines, budgets, and deliverables, ensure delivery quality and timely pace.
- Align stakeholders and ensure cross-team communication.
- Diligently track campaign performance, actively iterate, and report on results to leadership.
- Collaborate with design, content, and performance teams.
- Fully own and optimize campaign execution processes.
- Continuously generate marketing ideas, test them and scale them.

## Your Skills & Experiences:

- 4+ years experience in marketing project management and execution.
- Proven experience managing **international** digital campaigns.
- Excellent organizational and communication skills.
- Fluency in English and Lithuanian, both written and spoken.
- Strong understanding of marketing channels (email, social, PPC, SEO).
- Focus on idea generation and achieving results.

**Nice to have:**

- Experience in B2B, SaaS or tech industry.
- Knowledge of marketing automation tools (i.e. HubSpot).
- Familiarity with data analytics tools

## Our Salary & Work Benefits Package:

- **Gross salary:** 3200 - 4000 EUR/month. Keep in mind that we are open to discuss a different salary based on your skills and competencies.
- To support your professional growth and make you feel taken care of, we’ve put together an expansive benefit package. It covers learning, well-being, celebration, and much more  — learn all about it [here](https://career.oxylabs.io/blog/our-work-benefits/).