<div class="content-intro"><h2><span data-sheets-root="1">About Wolt</span></h2>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">At Wolt, we create technology that brings joy, simplicity and earnings to the neighborhoods of the world. In 2014 we started with delivery of restaurant food. Now we’re building the delivery of (almost) everything and you’ll find us in over 500 cities in 30 countries around the world. In 2022 we joined forces with DoorDash and together we keep on dreaming big and expanding across the globe.<br><br>Working at Wolt isn’t always easy, but it’s definitely exciting. Here you’ll learn more, build more, and ship more than in most other companies. You’ll be challenged a lot, but also have a lot of fun on the way. So, if you’re a self-starter with drive and entrepreneurial spirit, this could be the ride of your life.</span></p></div><h2><strong>Role background</strong></h2>
<p>At Wolt, we're committed to ensuring the success of our Merchant Partners while delivering exceptional value to our consumers. We're seeking a proactive and organized Deals Program Manager to optimize our Restaurant Promotions and Deals process. In this pivotal role, you will streamline operations, manage campaigns, and foster collaborations with internal and external stakeholders. As our business expands, the need for a dedicated team member to innovate and optimize our deals framework becomes integral to our sustained success.&nbsp;</p>
<h2>You’re excited about this opportunity because you will…</h2>
<ul>
<li>Own planning and execution of local and countrywide discount campaigns</li>
<li>First point of contact for promo/campaign related topics for account management organisation</li>
<li>Joined ownership of in-App visibility with marketing&nbsp;</li>
<li>DRI for platformwide promo campaigns (internal stakeholder management, preparing and communicating promo campaign briefs, lead list creation, progress tracking + post campaign analysis)</li>
<li>Formulating Data based promo recommendations and guidelines to be shared in pitch decks + performance review</li>
<li>Ensure Promotions are effectively shown in our Discovery page</li>
<li>Experiment with automated mails to streamline communication processes</li>
<li>Develop campaign frameworks for monthly promotions, design relevant acquisition strategies, and act as a liaison between Marketing and Account Management teams</li>
<li>​​Collaborate with Product Teams to refine and enhance the deals process.</li>
<li>Provide feedback, perform quality checks, and execute various deals experiments to drive innovation</li>
</ul>
<h2>Qualifications:</h2>
<ul>
<li>Experience in project management, operations, or a similar role with a focus on process optimization.</li>
<li>Proficiency in project management tools like Monday.com or similar platforms.</li>
<li>Strong problem-solving skills, attention to detail, and a service-oriented approach.</li>
<li>Excellent communication skills and the ability to work efficiently with tight deadlines.</li>
<li>Strong presentation skills</li>
<li>Fluency in English; B1 level German or higher</li>
<li>Knowledge or previous exposure to analytical dashboards (ex. Looker, Power BI) or data-driven decision-making</li>
<li>Advanced Microsoft Excel / Google Sheets knowledge</li>
</ul>
<h2>What we offer:</h2>
<ul>
<li>Independent work in a dynamic, international team</li>
<li>A fast-growing tech company with many career opportunities</li>
<li>Flexible working hours policy + 30 days of paid vacation</li>
<li>Cool office in the heart of Berlin</li>
<li>Discount on Wolt orders</li>
<li>Modern work equipment</li>
<li>Various soft drinks, coffee and fruits in the office</li>
<li>Urban Sports Club membership subsidy</li>
<li>BVG job ticket subsidy</li>
<li>Weekly all-hands meetings and regular team events</li>
</ul>
<h2>Additional information:</h2>
<p>If you are excited about working in a high-growth environment, taking ownership, and being part of an extremely fun team, then click below to apply and get the conversation going!</p>
<p><iframe src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/GoL541\_xj9w" width="560" height="314"></iframe></p><div class="content-conclusion"><h2><span data-sheets-root="1">Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion</span></h2>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">We’re committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. That’s why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.</span></p></div>