<div class="content-intro"><h2><span data-sheets-root="1">About Wolt</span></h2>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">At Wolt, we create technology that brings joy, simplicity and earnings to the neighborhoods of the world. In 2014 we started with delivery of restaurant food. Now we’re building the delivery of (almost) everything and you’ll find us in over 500 cities in 30 countries around the world. In 2022 we joined forces with DoorDash and together we keep on dreaming big and expanding across the globe.<br><br>Working at Wolt isn’t always easy, but it’s definitely exciting. Here you’ll learn more, build more, and ship more than in most other companies. You’ll be challenged a lot, but also have a lot of fun on the way. So, if you’re a self-starter with drive and entrepreneurial spirit, this could be the ride of your life.</span></p></div><p>Do you enjoy working in a dynamic and rapidly changing work environment, have a customer-oriented mindset and love working with a fun team? Are you experienced in the retail or grocery sphere? If your answer is yes - then read further!</p>
<p>The role you are looking at is a part of Wolt Market - our very own grocery stores that deliver unprecedented convenience and world leading customer experience. People across Kazakhstan can order their groceries and have them delivered to their doorstep in lightspeed! With Wolt Market, our focus is to find the right products by being customer oriented, offering the fastest delivery available and being the company that changes the future of grocery shopping. This role plays a key part in our growth in Kazakhstan.<br><br>We are now searching for a full time Store Manager to lead our store in Almaty, Kazakhstan. In this role, you’ll find yourself in a challenging but well supported position. You have a strong influence on how your city operations will look like. We offer a unique opportunity to join one of the fastest growing companies in Europe and have an actual impact on how Wolt Market will look in the coming years.<br><br>If you have experience in team leading and enjoy working with a fun group of people, then you might be just the person we are looking for!</p>
<h2>What you’ll be doing</h2>
<p>You will work closely together with the team, including 2-4 Shift leads which you will guide, coach and develop within the frames of Wolt leadership values. To do this, you will make sure the Shift Leads have the knowledge and right tools to be able to run the store's day-to-day operations smoothly, this might include staying on top of freshness, inventory and stock management. You’ll be responsible for hiring, training, providing daily feedback and also holding 1v1 twice a year to grow the individual, go through performance and set new goals.</p>
<h3><strong>Day-to-day in this role you’ll:</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Leading, growing and motivating a team. Creating an environment where your colleagues can do their best work and have fun while working. You’ll get to plan team events with your team - something we aim to do a couple times a year.</li>
<li>Your main goal will be to consistently improve the way our stores operate with help from the Operations Team. Fast delivery and fluent operations consist of a large field of things, this is one of the key day to day operational tasks you’ll be working with.</li>
<li>Continuous participating in internal and external meeting&nbsp;</li>
<li>The role also includes a good collaboration and communication with other functions at Wolt to make sure we have a good selection &amp; right products on sale.</li>
<li>Monitoring shrink levels and control the amount of food that goes to waste.</li>
<li>Managing shift scheduling.</li>
<li>Handling incoming goods and order of the store.</li>
<li>Overseeing everything the store and colleagues need to enable fast growth. This includes everything from ordering office supplies or IT-devices to a complete set of new fridges.</li>
</ul>
<h2>Our humble expectations</h2>
<ul>
<li>Leadership experience and demonstrate the ability to motivate others.</li>
<li>Experience from working in a grocery store is a plus.</li>
<li>A fast learner with the ability to multitask.</li>
<li>Proactive and service-minded are words that describe you.</li>
<li>You have a can do-attitude and enjoy the idea of working in a fast-paced entrepreneurial environment.</li>
<li>You are able to work both during the day, evenings and weekends.</li>
<li>Data-driven and analytical, you understand data to help improve and develop.</li>
<li>A conversational level of English and fluent Russian is required.</li>
</ul>
<h2>Next steps</h2>
<p>If you are excited about working in a high-growth environment, taking ownership, and being part of an extremely ambitious team redefining grocery shopping, then click below to apply and get the conversation going!<br>We will be reviewing applications on an on-going basis, so if this sounds like an opportunity you want to pursue, apply today!<br>Please note that we do not accept applications coming through email due to GDPR. Make sure to apply through our careers page!</p>
<p><iframe src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/T10nqKEgkmE?si=Wne6e6YFlKURiGsA" width="560" height="314"></iframe></p><div class="content-conclusion"><h2><span data-sheets-root="1">Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion</span></h2>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">We’re committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. That’s why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.</span></p></div>