<p><strong>Protecting and building a future shaped by original ideas, innovations, and creativity.</strong></p>
<p>From counterfeits and pirated content to fraudulent sites and unauthorized sellers, MarqVision provides an end-to-end brand integrity platform across e-commerce, social media and emerging AI platforms. Our AI-powered managed service platform for brand control and intelligence enables rapid, scalable enforcement so that brands can move faster, protect revenue, and preserve brand equity across every digital touchpoint. In a time when IP infringements pose an increasingly serious challenge, we believe that democratizing legal expertise and access to the latest in generative AI technology is critical for continuing to support the inventors, developers, and artists of the world who work tirelessly to deliver safe, high-quality products.&nbsp;Founded by Harvard Law graduates in 2020, MarqVision recently raised Series B, bringing total funding to $89M, and is backed by Y Combinator, Peak XV (formerly Sequoia Capital India), HSG (formerly Sequoia Capital China), Salesforce Ventures, Altos Ventures, DST Global Partners, and Softbank. Recognized with an LVMH Innovation Award and the Inc 5000 Fastest Growing Companies award in 2025, MarqVision continues to push boundaries in brand control, ensuring that innovation, creativity, and trust remain safeguarded in a rapidly evolving digital world.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>How You’ll Make an Impact at MarqVision</strong></p>
<p>MarqVision is looking for Brand Analysts to join our Shanghai office. In this role, you'll safeguard our client's intellectual property rights in the digital landscape. Working under the guidance of an Customer Success Manager or Team Lead, you'll leverage your investigative skills to actively search for and monitor online activities that infringe on client copyrights, trademarks, or patents. Utilizing your analytical abilities, you'll compare the gathered data against client-defined parameters to determine the most effective course of action.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>What You’ll Achieve&nbsp;&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><strong>Online IP Investigations: </strong>You'll become a digital detective, actively searching for and monitoring potential online infringements of client copyrights, trademarks, or patents.</li>
<li><strong>Strategic Enforcement:</strong> Analyzing data against client-defined parameters, you'll recommend the most effective course of action.</li>
<li><strong>Direct Takedowns:</strong> For clear-cut cases, you'll initiate swift takedown requests to remove infringing content from online platforms.</li>
<li><strong>Targeted Investigations:</strong> When evidence requires further digging, you'll conduct additional research to solidify the case.</li>
<li><strong>Takedown Expertise:</strong> You'll collaborate with major e-commerce sites, filing complaints and requesting the removal of infringing goods. You'll also prepare all necessary documentation to support these takedown requests.</li>
<li><strong>Knowledge Sharing:</strong> For the benefit of the team, you'll develop templates and best practices for efficient IP protection strategies.</li>
<li><strong>Adaptability &amp; Initiative:</strong> You'll be prepared to tackle additional tasks assigned by your Line Manager, demonstrating your adaptability and willingness to take initiative.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Skills You Bring&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Proactive and self-driven working style.</li>
<li>Interest in IP-related career.</li>
<li>Great team player adept at cross-functional/cross-team collaborations.</li>
<li>Highly performance-driven professional.</li>
<li>Fluent in written and spoken English.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Nice to Have</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Experience in brand protection/anti-counterfeiting/IP enforcement</li>
<li>Conversational level of spoken Korean&nbsp;</li>
<li>Data-related major or programming experience</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Additional Reference</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><a href="https://www.marqvision.com/blog">MarqVision Company Blog</a></li>
<li><a href="https://www.marqvision.com/leadership">Leadership Team&nbsp;&nbsp;</a></li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Equal Opportunity</strong></p>
<p>At MarqVision, we believe real growth comes with attracting the brightest minds, motivating them to succeed in their position, and ensuring plenty of fun along the way. If you think this position is for you, apply now! MarqVision is an Equal Opportunity Employer and encourages applicants of all backgrounds to apply. We are committed to building a diverse and inclusive workforce that reflects the customers and communities we serve.</p>
<p><br>By applying for this role, you acknowledge MarqVision’s Global Recruiting Privacy Policy. Your privacy is important to us. Please review our <a href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/1rWdOaSaiZyfYVVP71sQfPd-XnV93oVmFyjP8URCnHJg/edit?tab=t.0">Candidate Privacy Notice</a>.</p>