<div class="content-intro"><h2><span data-sheets-root="1">About Wolt</span></h2>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">At Wolt, we create technology that brings joy, simplicity and earnings to the neighborhoods of the world. In 2014 we started with delivery of restaurant food. Now we’re building the delivery of (almost) everything and you’ll find us in over 500 cities in 30 countries around the world. In 2022 we joined forces with DoorDash and together we keep on dreaming big and expanding across the globe.<br><br>Working at Wolt isn’t always easy, but it’s definitely exciting. Here you’ll learn more, build more, and ship more than in most other companies. You’ll be challenged a lot, but also have a lot of fun on the way. So, if you’re a self-starter with drive and entrepreneurial spirit, this could be the ride of your life.</span></p></div><p>At Wolt, you can grow your sales career with a fun and fast-scaling global business. Part of the DoorDash team, we’re building a global logistics platform that can deliver (almost) everything in your city, to your door in minutes. Today, our products are used by 55+ million registered users who can now order from 200,000+ restaurants and retail stores across 30+ countries around the world.</p>
<p>Our Sales teams create and build our relationships with merchants. Together, we’ve helped big brands, local stores and neighborhood restaurants do over €15 billion’s worth of business through our platform. We’re constantly launching new cities and products, so there are always new opportunities to expand your skills and progress your career.&nbsp;</p>
<p>As our new Enterprise Sales Manager, you’ll focus on driving the growth of our corporate offering by building strong relationships with large organizations and helping them bring food, groceries, catering, and other services to their teams.</p>
<h2>What you’ll be doing</h2>
<p>As an Enterprise Sales Manager at Wolt for Work, you’ll be driving the growth of our corporate offering by building relationships with mainly large organizations and helping them bring food, groceries, catering and other services to their teams. You’ll work closely with prospects, customers, and internal teams to build an offering that meets business needs, while representing Wolt as a trusted partner in the workplace experience space.</p>
<h3><strong>Day-to-day in this role you’ll:</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Identify, prospect, and close new customers across Poland</li>
<li>Manage and grow a pipeline of opportunities through structured outreach and consultative selling.</li>
<li>Track performance and pipeline progress in our CRM (Pipedrive) and report learnings to leadership.</li>
<li>Building a go-to-market strategy and business development for Wolt for Work in Poland and executing it.</li>
<li>Establish new strategic partnerships with partners that would benefit from Wolt for Work services.</li>
<li>Driving and managing the growth of the existing accounts.</li>
<li>Being the client representatives' trusted advisor, helping them overcome any issues related to the Wolt services.</li>
<li>Making sound business decisions by using data to support your intuition.</li>
<li>Work closely with Wolt leadership and cross-functional teams (Product, Analytics, Marketing, Operations, Support, and others) to build a winning market proposition.</li>
<li>Working closely together with our restaurant sales and retail sales teams to develop opportunities for expanding our existing partnerships to Wolt for Work.</li>
</ul>
<h2>Our humble expectations&nbsp;</h2>
<ul>
<li>4-6 years of experience in B2B sales, ideally in enterprise or mid-market segments</li>
<li>Experience with consultative sales and long-cycle deal management</li>
<li>Familiarity with CRM tools (such as Pipedrive) and sales productivity platforms</li>
<li>Sales-driven, ambitious, customer-focused, and creative to identify solutions for client challenges</li>
<li>Proactive self-starter with a willingness to contribute in a flat organization.</li>
<li>You have demonstrated the ability to close partnerships with various company sizes (from C-level executives to small business owners).</li>
<li>Excellent commercial and strategic thinking - you are great at strategizing and building a business from scratch. Moreover, you can quickly pick up different business models and spot opportunities and bottlenecks.</li>
<li>Excellent analytical skills - such as translating data into actions, analyzing sales metrics and pricing models, and producing relevant KPIs.</li>
<li>Skilled in both new sales as well as developing existing clients.</li>
<li>Demonstrable consultative sales approach - someone who can build relationships and tailor our offering and business model to a specific partner based on various parameters.</li>
<li>Demonstrated ability to juggle multiple priorities and make things happen in a fast-paced, dynamic environment.</li>
<li>Business level of communication and presentation skills in English and <strong>Polish</strong>.</li>
<li>Strong leadership skills and/or potential.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<h3>Compensation &amp; Benefits for Poland</h3>
<p>The total target compensation (On-Target Earnings) for this role is <span data-formula-id="U-TlktjL2F" data-error="false" data-placeholder="false" data-loading="false" data-recalculating="false" data-inactive="false" data-pm-slice="0 0 []">14 622</span> PLN - 17 500 PLN gross per month. The successful candidate's starting pay will fall within the pay range listed above and is determined based on a number of job-related factors, including but not limited to skills, experience, qualifications, work location, and market conditions. This compensation is composed of an 80/20 split between base salary and variable pay (where the base salary represents 80% of the OTE range above). Eligible employees may earn variable compensation if they meet 100% of their performance targets. Actual earnings may be higher if targets are exceeded or lower if targets are not fully met.</p>
<p>This position is not eligible for consideration for an equity/RSU grant.<br><br></p>
<h3>Why you’ll love it</h3>
<ul>
<li><strong>🚀Global and growing fast: </strong>Be part of a fast-moving scaleup</li>
<li><strong>🤩Ride of a lifetime: </strong>Accelerate your career and build your sales skills&nbsp;</li>
<li><strong>💪Instant impact: </strong>Take ownership and make a difference</li>
<li><strong>💙Big hearts and small egos: </strong>Surround yourself with smart, friendly people</li>
</ul>
<h2><br>Next steps</h2>
<h3><a href="https://explore.wolt.com/en/pol/wolt-for-work">Learn more</a> about Wolt for Work.</h3>
<p>If you are excited about working in a high-growth environment, taking ownership, and being part of an extremely ambitious team, then click below to apply, make sure to add your CV and get the conversation going!&nbsp;</p>
<p>We will be reviewing applications on an ongoing basis. If this sounds like an opportunity you want to pursue, apply today!&nbsp; 💙</p>
<p><iframe src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/GoL541\_xj9w" width="560" height="314"></iframe></p><div class="content-conclusion"><h2><span data-sheets-root="1">Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion</span></h2>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">We’re committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. That’s why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.</span></p></div>