<div class="content-intro"><p>At Trustpilot, we're on an incredible journey. We're a profitable, high-growth FTSE-250 company with a big vision: to become the universal symbol of trust. We run the world's largest independent consumer review platform, and while we've come a long way, there's still so much exciting work to do. Come join us at the heart of trust!</p></div><p data-start="354" data-end="572">Are you an experienced sales professional feeling limited by rigid systems where innovation gets lost in meetings and your impact is buried under layers of process?<br data-start="518" data-end="521">We get it. And we built Trustpilot to be different.</p>
<p data-start="574" data-end="957">We’re a thriving, profitable FTSE-250 business committed to becoming the global standard for trust. But more importantly, we’re building a place where ambitious people can do the most meaningful work of their careers. We’re expanding our Enterprise business in the DACH region, and we’re looking for forward-thinking individuals ready to challenge convention and shape what’s next.</p>
<p data-start="959" data-end="1211">This isn’t just another SaaS sales job. This is your opportunity to influence how major brands in Germany, Austria, and Switzerland build customer relationships through radical transparency and how Trustpilot grows in one of its most strategic markets.</p>
<p data-start="1213" data-end="1344">If you’re excited to build rather than maintain, contribute rather than comply, and see the real impact of your work, keep reading.</p>
<h4 data-start="1351" data-end="1373"><strong data-start="1355" data-end="1373">What you'll be doing:</strong></h4>
<ul>
<li data-start="1376" data-end="1472">Own the Enterprise new business process for the DACH market—from prospecting through to closing.</li>
<li data-start="1475" data-end="1614">Secure new partnerships with leading brands, particularly across eCommerce, financial services, energy/utilities, and regulated industries.</li>
<li data-start="1617" data-end="1717">Lead executive-level conversations and navigate complex buying processes with multiple stakeholders.</li>
<li data-start="1720" data-end="1854">Build pipeline through a structured outbound approach, collaborating closely with SDRs and Marketing to drive qualified opportunities.</li>
<li data-start="1857" data-end="1937">Provide insight and feedback to influence our Enterprise strategy and offerings.</li>
<li data-start="1940" data-end="2023">Represent Trustpilot at key industry events and strengthen our brand in the region.</li>
<li data-start="2026" data-end="2119">Contribute to a collaborative team environment by supporting and mentoring junior colleagues.</li>
</ul>
<h4 data-start="2126" data-end="2145"><strong data-start="2130" data-end="2145">Who you are:</strong></h4>
<ul>
<li data-start="2148" data-end="2245">A results-driven Enterprise SaaS seller with experience managing long, consultative sales cycles.</li>
<li data-start="2248" data-end="2363">Proven success closing complex, high-value deals involving procurement, legal, and executive-level decision makers.</li>
<li data-start="2366" data-end="2476">Fluent in both German and English, comfortable in both formal boardroom settings and creative brainstorms.</li>
<li data-start="2479" data-end="2567">Organised, proactive, and curious, you thrive in roles that offer ownership and autonomy.</li>
<li data-start="2570" data-end="2683">Looking to move beyond a one-size-fits-all sales playbook and help shape something built for the European market.</li>
</ul>
<h4 data-start="2690" data-end="2718"><strong data-start="2694" data-end="2718">What’s in it for you:</strong></h4>
<ul>
<li data-start="2721" data-end="2784">Real ownership: influence how we grow in a top-priority region.</li>
<li>Competitive compensation package + bonus</li>
<li>20 days holiday with an additional 8 days after 6 months of continuous employment</li>
<li>2 (paid) volunteering days a year to spend your time giving back to the causes that matter to you and your community</li>
<li>Rich learning and development opportunities supported through the Trustpilot Academy and Blinkist</li>
<li>Benefit-in-kind of 44€ a month, which can be used for a range of purposes such as private healthcare, accommodation, a company car, a gym membership, an interest-free loan, travel expenses, or any other expense&nbsp;</li>
<li>Health benefit of 50€ a month which you can use to spend on anything that supports positive health</li>
<li>Full access to Headspace, a popular mindfulness app-based service designed to promote positive mental health and access to a 24/7 Employee Assistance Plan</li>
<li>Prime location with stunning views of the Alster in a brand-new office space</li>
</ul>
<h4 data-start="3293" data-end="3316"><strong data-start="3297" data-end="3316">Still not sure?</strong></h4>
<p data-start="3663" data-end="3921">We want to be a part of creating a more diverse, equitable, and inclusive world of work for all. We’re excited to hear about your experiences along with how you will contribute to our working culture. Even if you don’t feel you meet all the requirements, we'd still really like to hear from you!<br><br>#LI-JS1</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>About us</strong></p>
<p>Trustpilot began in 2007 with a simple yet powerful idea that is more relevant today than ever — to be the universal symbol of trust, bringing consumers and businesses together through reviews. Trustpilot is open, independent, and impartial — we help consumers make the right choices and businesses to build trust, grow and improve.</p>
<p>Today, we have more than 300 million reviews and 64 million monthly active users on average across the globe, with 140 billion annual Trustbox impressions, and the numbers keep growing. We have more than 1,000 employees and we’re headquartered in Copenhagen, with operations in Amsterdam, Denver, Edinburgh, Hamburg, London, Melbourne, Milan and New York.&nbsp;</p>
<p>We’re driven by connection. It’s at the heart of what we do. Our culture keeps things fresh –– it’s built on the relationships we create. We talk, we laugh, we collaborate and we respect each other. We work across borders and cultures to be the universal symbol of trust in an ever-changing world. With vibrant office locations worldwide and over 50 nationalities, we’re proud to be an equal opportunity workplace with diverse perspectives and ideas.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Our purpose to help people and businesses help each other is a tall order, but we keep it real. We’re a great bunch of humans, doing awesome stuff, without fuss or pretense. A successful Trustpilot future is driven by you –– we give you the autonomy to shape a career you can be proud of. If you’re ready to grow, let’s go.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Join us at the heart of trust.</strong></p>
<p><em>Trustpilot is committed to creating an inclusive environment where people from all backgrounds can thrive and where different viewpoints and experiences are valued and respected. Trustpilot will consider all applications for employment without regard to race, ethnicity, national origin, religious beliefs, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, neurodiversity, disability, age, parental or veteran status. Together, we are the heart of trust.</em></p>
<p><em>Trustpilot is a global company and our data practices are designed to ensure that your personally identifiable information is appropriately protected. Please note that your personal information will be transferred, accessed, and stored globally as necessary for the uses and disclosures stated in our <a href="https://corporate.trustpilot.com/legal/for-everyone/data-privacy-notice-for-candidates/dec-2024">Privacy Policy.</a><br><br><em data-stringify-type="italic">If you have a disability and would like to discuss any adjustments you might need either in submitting your application, or to the recruitment process more generally, please let us know by contacting our Talent Acquisition Team (talent.acquisition@trustpilot.com)</em><em data-stringify-type="italic">&nbsp;quoting the role you wish to apply for.<br></em></em></p></div>