<p><strong>This is Adyen</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Adyen provides payments, data, and financial products in a single solution for customers like Meta, Uber, H&amp;M, and Microsoft - making us the financial technology platform of choice. At Adyen, everything we do is engineered for ambition.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">For our teams, we create an environment with opportunities for our people to succeed, backed by the culture and support to ensure they are enabled to truly own their careers. We are motivated individuals who tackle unique technical challenges at scale and solve them as a team. Together, we deliver innovative and ethical solutions that help businesses achieve their ambitions faster.</span></p>
<p><strong>Financial Risk Officer&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>We are looking for a&nbsp;<strong>Financial Risk Officer</strong> to join our dynamic global second-line Enterprise Risk team in Amsterdam.</p>
<p>These are transformative times for Adyen; we are rapidly growing in new countries and are also broadening our product offering through our embedded financial products. We are looking for a risk manager that strengthens and builds out the banking and financial risk capacity within our technology company. This is where you come in.</p>
<p>You have a proactive mindset, you are eager to learn and you are looking for an opportunity that allows you to take ownership and self-dependently translate a vision into practice. While you will contribute to the financial risk team’s overall deliverables, your initial focus area will be in asset liability risk management, i.e. the second-line oversight of the liquidity, FX and interest rate risk domains. Together with the first-line teams, you will be building out the asset and liability risk management framework, risk data foundation and processes, support the launch and scaling of new financial products as well as introducing related models.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Adyen has a flat organizational structure and limited management layers, so having expertise means independence but also ownership in conceptualizing and building these solutions yourself.&nbsp;Adyen is a fast-moving place, offering plenty of opportunity to broaden your profile in other risk domains.</p>
<p><strong>What you’ll do</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Build out Adyen’s liquidity, FX and interest rate risk framework together with the respective first-line teams by translating internal and external requirements into a new risk data foundation, processes, monitoring and mitigation strategies;</li>
<li>Represent Adyen in interactions with supervisory authorities and respond to related supervisory requests;</li>
<li>Independently challenge and support the scaling of Adyen’s embedded financial product offering: loans, bank accounts, card issuing, overdrafts, payout services and FX;</li>
<li>Contribute to Adyen’s licensing efforts across the globe and expand the financial risk team’s global risk management framework;&nbsp;</li>
<li>Contribute to key financial risk team’s deliverables including risk policies, SREP, ICAAP/ILAAP, Recovery Planning, Pillar 3 and the Annual Report;</li>
<li>Represent the financial risk team in relevant Adyen-wide initiatives;</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Who you are</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>3 + years at minimum with relevant working experience in banking, financial risk management, financial auditing or consulting, with proven expertise in liquidity, FX and/or interest rate risk management and related quantitative methods</li>
<li>Proven experience in defining data requirements and structures from the ground - for instance during implementation of new products or systems - is a significant plus;</li>
<li>Solid knowledge of prudential banking regulation (CRR, CRD, Basel, OCC, PRA);</li>
<li>A proactive, self-dependent, energetic lifelong learner with a hands-on mentality that does not hesitate to challenge the status quo;</li>
<li>Eagerness to work and drive change in an innovative and dynamically evolving technology company within the financial sector;</li>
<li>Advanced skills in stakeholder management, as well as building and maintaining strong working relationships across an organization;</li>
<li>Great communication skills and ability to break down and explain technically challenging topics in simple terms;</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Our Diversity, Equity and Inclusion commitments&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Our unique approach is a product of our diverse perspectives. This diversity of backgrounds and cultures is essential in helping us maintain our momentum. Our business and technical challenges are unique, and we need as many different voices as possible to join us in solving them - voices like yours. No matter who you are or where you’re from, we welcome you to be your true self at Adyen.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Studies show that women and members of underrepresented communities apply for jobs only if they meet 100% of the qualifications. Does this sound like you? If so, Adyen encourages you to reconsider and apply. We look forward to your application!</span></p>
<p><strong>What’s next?</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Ensuring a smooth and enjoyable candidate experience is critical for us. We aim to get back to you regarding your application within 5 business days. Our interview process tends to take about 4 weeks to complete, but may fluctuate depending on the role. </span><a href="https://careers.adyen.com/how-we-hire"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Learn more about our hiring process here</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">. Don’t be afraid to let us know if you need more flexibility.</span></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>This role is based out of our Amsterdam office. We are an office-first company and value in-person collaboration; we do not offer remote-only roles.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>