<div class="content-intro"><p><strong>Who we are&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>At Twilio, we’re shaping the future of communications, all from the comfort of our homes. We deliver innovative solutions to<a class="c-link" href="https://customers.twilio.com/" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://customers.twilio.com/" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">&nbsp;hundreds of thousands of businesses&nbsp;</a>and empower millions of developers worldwide to craft personalized customer experiences.</p>
<p>Our dedication to <a class="c-link" href="https://www.twilio.com/en-us/blog/open-work" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://www.twilio.com/en-us/blog/open-work" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">remote-first work</a>, and strong culture of connection and global inclusion means that no matter your location, you’re part of a vibrant team with diverse experiences making a global impact each day. As we continue to revolutionize how the world interacts, we’re acquiring new skills and experiences that make work feel truly rewarding. Your career at Twilio is in your hands.<br><br>We use Artificial Intelligence (AI) to help make our hiring process efficient. That said, every hiring decision is made by real Twilions!</p>
<p><span style="color: rgb(255, 255, 255);">.</span></p></div><p><strong>See yourself at Twilio</strong></p>
<p>Join the team as Twilio’s next Sales Development Representative.</p>
<p><strong>About the job</strong></p>
<p>This position is needed to&nbsp;growing and developing pipeline for Twilio’s New Business and Strategic Sales teams. The Sales Development organization is a strategic component of Twilio’s overall go-to-market strategy.</p>
<p>As a team, we collaborate daily, push each other to do the best work of our lives, and bring an unparalleled level of energy and drive to our jobs. We’re looking for people who have a growth-oriented mindset and want to build their careers within Twilio. If this role excites you but you think you don’t check every box, we still encourage you to apply — we’re already looking forward to meeting you.</p>
<p><strong>Responsibilities</strong></p>
<p>In this role, you’ll:</p>
<ul>
<li>Break into new companies and markets using a multi-channel, value-based approach focused on building relationships and driving awareness of Twilio’s platform.</li>
<li>Receive all the necessary training and insights to confidently begin contacting prospects through Twilio’s SDR onboarding experience.</li>
<li>Achieve and exceed monthly goals for generating new business opportunities to fuel the sales pipeline.</li>
<li>Become a master of Salesforce, Outreach, Sales Navigator, and other tools essential for efficient workflows.</li>
<li>Research accounts to determine how Twilio’s solutions can provide value, then execute outbound dials, personalized emails, and social selling.</li>
<li>Work in partnership with Account Executives to develop account strategies, territory plans, and successfully generate new business opportunities.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Qualifications&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>Twilio values diverse experiences from all kinds of industries, and we encourage everyone who meets the required qualifications to apply. If your career is just starting or hasn't followed a traditional path, don't let that stop you from considering Twilio. We are always looking for people who will bring something new to the table!</p>
<p><strong>\*Required:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Growth-oriented and ready to build toward future leadership or customer-facing roles</li>
<li>Goal-oriented and biased toward action (our quota is the floor, not the ceiling!)</li>
<li>Excited to go above and beyond to delight prospects through creative, strategic, highly personalized outreach</li>
<li>Comfortable with change and energized by a fast-moving environment</li>
<li>Enjoy variety and creativity in your day-to-day workflow</li>
<li>Have a demonstrated ability to navigate challenges with resilience</li>
<li>Embrace responsibility and enjoy partnering with Account Executives as part of a team</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Desired:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>1+ year of customer-facing experience&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Location</strong></p>
<p>This role will be remote, and based in Ireland.</p>
<p><strong>Travel&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>We prioritize connection and opportunities to build relationships with our customers and each other. For this role, you may be required to travel occasionally to participate in project or team in-person meetings.</p>
<p><strong>What We Offer</strong></p>
<p>Working at Twilio offers many benefits, including competitive pay, generous time off, ample parental and wellness leave, healthcare, a retirement savings program, and much more. Offerings vary by location.</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>Twilio thinks big. Do you?</strong></p>
<p>We like to solve problems, take initiative, pitch in when needed, and are always up for trying new things. That's why we seek out colleagues who embody our values — something we call <a href="https://www.twilio.com/company/values">Twilio Magic</a>. Additionally, we empower employees to build <a href="https://twilio.org/support-and-resources/impact-fund">positive change in their communities</a> by supporting their volunteering and donation efforts.</p>
<p>So, if you're ready to unleash your full potential, do your best work, and be the best version of yourself, apply now! If this role isn't what you're looking for, <a href="https://www.twilio.com/company/jobs#open-positions">please consider other open positions.</a></p>
<p><strong>Twilio is proud to be an equal opportunity employer.</strong> We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, reproductive health decisions, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, genetic information, political views or activity, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Qualified applicants with arrest or conviction records will be considered for employment in accordance with the Los Angeles County Fair Chance Ordinance for Employers and the California Fair Chance Act. Additionally, Twilio participates in the E-Verify program in certain locations, as required by law.</p></div>