<p>We’re building a new team building to bring the power of Datadog to developers within AI-focused Developer workflows such as AI agents like Cursor, Claude code, GitHub Copilot and Datadog’s native AI agents.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>We’re looking for product-minded engineers who are excited about developer tools, SDLC improvements and AI in general to help us quickly define and ship features and tools that make all Datadog customers 10x developers.</p>
<p><em>At Datadog, we place value in our office culture - the relationships that it builds, the creativity it brings to the table, and the collaboration of being together. We operate as a hybrid workplace to ensure our employees can create a work-life harmony that best fits them.</em></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>What You’ll Do:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Work on agents, prompts, evals, MCPs and direct agent tools from ideation to productization, for allowing Datadog to help companies and developers to maximize the benefit of their integration with Datadog</li>
<li>Help conceptualize and build innovative User flows and experiences within Datadog’s user space and different extensions&nbsp;</li>
<li>Prototype and see what works well in the real world, iterate closely with our users, and then ship</li>
<li>Follow the latest research on LLM prompt optimization, agents, and code editing.</li>
<li>Support other Datadog product teams to help them build and productionize their developer-focused AI Workflows. For example, you’ll work with the Live Debugger team to create an agentic production debugging experience, delivering on the vision of&nbsp; “one click to reproduce” for production errors.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Who You Are:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>You’re a backend engineer with at least 5 years of professional experience who values code simplicity and performance. You’ve shipped software that uses LLMs to production</li>
<li>You are passionate about Generative AI and its ability to help software engineers be more productive</li>
<li>You have relevant experience with Large Language Models, large-scale systems and data sets, machine learning, or adjacent fields</li>
<li>You are a great community ambassador and can drive hard technical conversations towards a pragmatic solution</li>
<li>You want to work in a fast, high-growth startup environment that respects its engineers and customers</li>
<li>You have experience writing classic or AI oriented developer tools(such as IDEs, static code analysis, SDLC tools etc).</li>
<li>You have a BS/MS/PhD in a Computer Science, Engineering or related scientific field or equivalent experience</li>
</ul>
<p><em>Datadog values people from all walks of life. We understand not everyone will meet all the above qualifications on day one. That's okay. If you’re passionate about technology and want to grow your skills, we encourage you to apply.</em></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Benefits and Growth:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">New hire stock equity (RSUs) and employee stock purchase plan (ESPP)</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Continuous professional development, product training, and career pathing</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Intradepartmental mentor and buddy program for in-house networking</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">An inclusive company culture, ability to join our Community Guilds (Datadog employee resource groups)</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Access to Inclusion Talks, our Internal panel discussions</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Free, global mental health benefits for employees and dependents age 6+</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Competitive global benefits</span></li>
</ul>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;"><br></span><em><span style="font-weight: 400;">Benefits and Growth listed above may vary based on the country of your employment and the nature of your employment with Datadog.</span></em></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p style="color: white;">#LI-Hybrid</p><div class="content-conclusion"><hr>
<p><strong>About Datadog:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>Datadog (NASDAQ: DDOG) is a global SaaS business, delivering a rare combination of growth and profitability. We are on a mission to break down silos and solve complexity in the cloud age by enabling digital transformation, cloud migration, and infrastructure monitoring of our customers’ entire technology stacks. Built by engineers, for engineers, Datadog is used by organizations of all sizes across a wide range of industries. Together, we champion professional development, diversity of thought, innovation, and work excellence to empower continuous growth. Join the pack and become part of a collaborative, pragmatic, and thoughtful people-first community where we solve tough problems, take smart risks, and celebrate one another. Learn more about #DatadogLife on <a href="https://www.instagram.com/datadoghq/?hl=en" target="\_blank">Instagram</a>, <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/company/datadog" target="\_blank">LinkedIn,</a> and <a href="https://learn.datadoghq.com/" target="\_blank">Datadog Learning Center. </a></p>
<hr>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="215"><strong data-renderer-mark="true">Equal Opportunity at Datadog:</strong></p>
<p>Datadog is proud to offer <a href="https://www.eeoc.gov/sites/default/files/2023-06/22-088\_EEOC\_KnowYourRights6.12ScreenRdr.pdf" target="\_blank">equal employment opportunity</a> to everyone regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity, veteran status, and other characteristics protected by law. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. Here are our <a href="https://www.datadoghq.com/legal/candidate-legal-notices/" target="\_blank">Candidate Legal Notices</a> for your reference.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Datadog endeavors to make our Careers Page accessible to all users. If you would like to contact us regarding the accessibility of our website or need assistance completing the application process, please complete <a href="https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSeoJeduEZ2NdZF\_65uZmWUrCM-zee7yADXX1s6Xr9zAGq8iKA/viewform" target="\_blank">this form</a>. This form is for accommodation requests only and cannot be used to inquire about the status of applications.&nbsp;</p>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="662"><strong data-renderer-mark="true">Privacy and AI Guidelines:</strong></p>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="662">Any information you submit to Datadog as part of your application will be processed in accordance with Datadog’s&nbsp;<a class="c-link" href="https://www.datadoghq.com/legal/applicant-candidate-privacy/" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://www.datadoghq.com/legal/applicant-candidate-privacy/" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">Applicant and Candidate Privacy Notice</a>. For information on our AI policy, please visit <a href="https://www.datadoghq.com/legal/interviewing-at-datadog-ai-guidelines/" target="\_blank">Interviewing at Datadog AI Guidelines</a>.</p></div>