<p><strong>This is Adyen</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Adyen provides payments, data, and financial products in a single solution for customers like Meta, Uber, H&amp;M, and Microsoft - making us the financial technology platform of choice. At Adyen, everything we do is engineered for ambition.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">For our teams, we create an environment with opportunities for our people to succeed, backed by the culture and support to ensure they are enabled to truly own their careers. We are motivated individuals who tackle unique technical challenges at scale and solve them as a team. Together, we deliver innovative and ethical solutions that help businesses achieve their ambitions faster.</span></p>
<p><strong>Security Culture Specialist (Tech)</strong></p>
<p>The People Security team at Adyen is responsible for building a strong company-wide security culture. We do this by developing and executing security training and awareness activities; by proactively identifying and addressing new security culture risks; and by supporting other teams in managing security risks within their own processes.</p>
<p>We are looking for an enthusiastic security person with experience in organizing training and awareness activities focusing on tech roles (e.g., in development, infrastructure). In this role, you will help strengthen our security culture by solidifying and expanding our security training program and other security engagement activities, specifically focused on our tech colleagues. You will also support the People Security team with creation and maintenance of simple tools to support our regular operations.</p>
<p><strong>What you’ll do</strong><strong><br></strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Drive improvements in the maturity and scalability of Adyen’s security culture program, specifically focusing on providing training, knowledge and support for our tech roles</li>
<li>Understand the challenges and security risks that different tech teams and people in Adyen face, and come up with effective solutions for how the Security Team can better support them</li>
<li>Work with other teams (e.g., Tech Academy, Data Privacy, Security &amp; IT Risk) to align training and awareness efforts</li>
<li>Identify and keep us up to date on emerging information security risks and come up with practical ways to address them</li>
<li>Create and maintain simple tools to support the team’s regular operations (e.g., Slack bot, automation scripts, dashboards)</li>
<li>Measure and evaluate the impact of our security culture activities and iterate accordingly</li>
<li>Contribute to the visibility and approachability of the Security Team as a whole</li>
<li>Support with general security team operations, such as engaging with employees and answering their questions about broader security topics</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Who you are</strong><strong><br></strong></p>
<ul>
<li>You have 5+ years of relevant experience in building a strong security culture in a tech-driven business, coupled with demonstrable basic programming experience (e.g., Python, Java) and a technical background in information security or broader tech</li>
<li>You understand the security risks faced by people in development and infrastructure roles, and know how to prioritize with effective, pragmatic and creative solutions</li>
<li>You have a clear vision of what makes a difference in security in a tech-driven environment</li>
<li>You have a talent for sharing knowledge, and providing direction and driving change</li>
<li>You easily spot opportunities for automation, and enjoy building simple scripts or tools to do so&nbsp;</li>
<li>You are a natural network builder, communicating well with technical, commercial and other teams</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Our Diversity, Equity and Inclusion commitments&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Our unique approach is a product of our diverse perspectives. This diversity of backgrounds and cultures is essential in helping us maintain our momentum. Our business and technical challenges are unique, and we need as many different voices as possible to join us in solving them - voices like yours. No matter who you are or where you’re from, we welcome you to be your true self at Adyen.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Studies show that women and members of underrepresented communities apply for jobs only if they meet 100% of the qualifications. Does this sound like you? If so, Adyen encourages you to reconsider and apply. We look forward to your application!</span></p>
<p><strong>What’s next?</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Ensuring a smooth and enjoyable candidate experience is critical for us. We aim to get back to you regarding your application within 5 business days. Our interview process tends to take about 4 weeks to complete, but may fluctuate depending on the role. </span><a href="https://careers.adyen.com/how-we-hire"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Learn more about our hiring process here</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">. Don’t be afraid to let us know if you need more flexibility.</span></p>
<p>This role is based out of our Amsterdam office. We are an office-first company and value in-person collaboration; we do not offer remote-only roles.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>