<div class="content-intro"><div>
<div>
<div class="gmail\_quote">
<div>
<div><span id="m\_1770241969069985273m\_-2746164444908759431gmail-docs-internal-guid-131e4fb0-7fff-b4e9-ff50-e8cf32449b1b">CoreWeave is The Essential Cloud for AI™. Built for pioneers by pioneers, CoreWeave delivers a platform of technology, tools, and teams that enables innovators to build and scale AI with confidence. Trusted by leading AI labs, startups, and global enterprises, CoreWeave combines superior infrastructure performance with deep technical expertise to accelerate breakthroughs and turn compute into capability. Founded in 2017, CoreWeave became a publicly traded company (Nasdaq: CRWV) in March 2025. Learn more at&nbsp;<a href="http://www.coreweave.com/" target="\_blank" data-saferedirecturl="https://www.google.com/url?q=http://www.coreweave.com&amp;source=gmail&amp;ust=1762613132717000&amp;usg=AOvVaw3D-UOhNaqEvF5BEWxjYyAU">www.coreweave.com</a>.</span></div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div></div><p><strong>What You’ll Do:</strong></p>
<p>We’re looking for a <strong>Senior Storage Engineer, Control Plane </strong>to play a key role in designing, building, and operating the control plane for our high-performance AI storage platform. You’ll help evolve CoreWeave’s storage systems by building reliable, scalable, and high-throughput solutions that power some of the largest and innovative AI workloads in the world. This role involves close collaboration with teams across infrastructure, compute, and platform to ensure our storage services scale automatically and seamlessly while maximizing performance and reliability.</p>
<p><strong>About the role:</strong></p>
<p>Design and implement a highly scalable multi-tenant control plane that supports CoreWeave’s growing AI storage and cloud infrastructure needs.</p>
<ul>
<li>Contribute to the development of exabyte-scale, S3-compatible object storage, distributed file system and integrate dedicated storage clusters into diverse customer environments.</li>
<li>Work with technologies such as RDMA, GPU Direct Storage, RoCE, InfiniBand, SPDK, and distributed filesystems to optimize storage performance and efficiency.</li>
<li>Participate in efforts to improve the reliability, durability, and observability of our storage stack.</li>
<li>Collaborate with operations teams to monitor, analyze, and optimize storage systems using telemetry, metrics, and dashboards to improve performance, latency, and resilience.</li>
<li>Work cross-functionally with platform, product, and infrastructure teams to deliver seamless storage capabilities across the stack.</li>
<li>Share your knowledge and mentor other engineers on best practices in building distributed, high-performance systems.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Who You Are:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or a related field.</li>
<li>6–10 years of experience working in storage systems engineering or infrastructure.</li>
<li>Strong hands-on experience with object storage or distributed filesystems in production environments.</li>
<li>Experience with one or more storage protocols (e.g. S3, NFS) and file systems such as Ceph, DAOS, or similar.</li>
<li>Proficiency in a systems programming language such as Go, C, or Rust.</li>
<li>Familiarity with storage observability tools and telemetry pipelines (e.g., ClickHouse, Prometheus, Grafana).</li>
<li>Solid understanding of cloud-native infrastructure, Kubernetes, and scalable system architecture.</li>
<li>Strong debugging and problem-solving skills in distributed, high-performance environments.</li>
<li>Clear communicator, able to work collaboratively across teams and share technical insights effectively.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Wondering if you’re a good fit? </strong><strong>We believe in investing in our people, and value candidates who can bring their own diversified experiences to our teams – even if you aren't a 100% skill or experience match.</strong><strong> Here are a few qualities we’ve found compatible with our team. If some of this describes you, we’d love to talk.&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p><strong>Why CoreWeave?</strong></p>
<p>At CoreWeave, we work hard, have fun, and move fast!&nbsp; We’re in an exciting stage of hyper-growth that you will not want to miss out on. We’re not afraid of a little chaos, and we’re constantly learning. Our team cares deeply about how we build our product and how we work together, which is represented through our core values:&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>Be Curious at Your Core</li>
<li>Act Like an Owner</li>
<li>Empower Employees</li>
<li>Deliver Best-in-Class Client Experiences</li>
<li>Achieve More Together</li>
</ul>
<p>We support and encourage an entrepreneurial outlook and independent thinking. We foster an environment that encourages collaboration and provides the opportunity to develop innovative solutions to complex problems. As we get set for take off, the growth opportunities within the organization are constantly expanding. You will be surrounded by some of the best talent in the industry, who will want to learn from you, too. Come join us!&nbsp;</p>
<p><em data-stringify-type="italic">The base salary range for this role is <span data-sheets-root="1">PLN 262,000 - PLN 350,000</span>. The starting salary will be determined based on job-related knowledge, skills, experience, and market location. We strive for both market alignment and internal equity when determining compensation. In addition to base salary, our total rewards package includes a discretionary bonus, equity awards, and a comprehensive benefits program (all based on eligibility).&nbsp;</em></p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>What We Offer</strong></p>
<p>The range we’ve posted represents the typical compensation range for this role. To determine actual compensation, we review the market rate for each candidate which can include a variety of factors. These include qualifications, experience, interview performance, and location.</p>
<p>In addition to a competitive salary, we offer a variety of benefits to support your needs, including:</p>
<ul>
<li>Medical, dental, and vision insurance - 100% paid for by CoreWeave</li>
<li>Company-paid Life Insurance&nbsp;</li>
<li>Voluntary supplemental life insurance&nbsp;</li>
<li>Short and long-term disability insurance&nbsp;</li>
<li>Flexible Spending Account</li>
<li>Health Savings Account</li>
<li>Tuition Reimbursement&nbsp;</li>
<li>Ability to Participate in Employee Stock Purchase Program (ESPP)</li>
<li>Mental Wellness Benefits through Spring Health&nbsp;</li>
<li>Family-Forming support provided by Carrot</li>
<li>Paid Parental Leave&nbsp;</li>
<li>Flexible, full-service childcare support with Kinside</li>
<li>401(k) with a generous employer match</li>
<li>Flexible PTO</li>
<li>Catered lunch each day in our office and data center locations</li>
<li>A casual work environment</li>
<li>A work culture focused on innovative disruption</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Our Workplace</strong></p>
<p>While we prioritize a hybrid work environment, remote work may be considered for candidates located more than 30 miles from an office, based on role requirements for specialized skill sets. New hires will be invited to attend onboarding at one of our hubs within their first month. Teams also gather quarterly to support collaboration.</p>
<p><a href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1gPBRBhUNAMBmj7Yn4\_M-hCugm7ZJD4hr/view?usp=sharing" target="\_blank">California Consumer Privacy Act </a>- California applicants only</p>
<p><em>CoreWeave is an equal opportunity employer, committed to fostering an inclusive and supportive workplace. All qualified applicants and candidates will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, disability, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, veteran status, or genetic information.</em></p>
<p><em>As part of this commitment and consistent with the </em><a href="https://www.eeoc.gov/laws/guidance/fact-sheet-disability-discrimination" target="\_blank"><em>Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA)</em></a><em>, CoreWeave will ensure that qualified applicants and candidates with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodations for the hiring process, unless such accommodation would cause an undue hardship. If reasonable accommodation is needed, please contact: <a href="mailto:careers@coreweave.com">careers@coreweave.com</a>.</em></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Export Control Compliance</strong></p>
<p>This position requires access to export controlled information. &nbsp;To conform to U.S. Government export regulations applicable to that information, applicant must either be (A) a U.S. person, defined as a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful permanent resident (green card holder), (iii) refugee under 8 U.S.C. § 1157, or (iv) asylee under 8 U.S.C. § 1158, (B) eligible to access the export controlled information without a required export authorization, or (C) eligible and reasonably likely to obtain the required export authorization from the applicable U.S. government agency. &nbsp;CoreWeave may, for legitimate business reasons, decline to pursue any export licensing process.</p></div>