<p>At JetBrains, code is our passion. Ever since we started back in 2000, we have been striving to build some of the world’s most powerful and effective developer tools. By automating routine checks and corrections, our tools speed up production, freeing developers to grow, discover, and create.</p>
<p>The C++ Ecosystem team builds C++ support across CLion and IntelliJ IDEA. As AI drives a new era in software development, we’re working hard to ensure that our products integrate AI capabilities effectively and stay at the forefront of the AI-powered software development tooling industry.</p>
<p>We are seeking an experienced C++ Development Lead to drive the team’s efforts in delivering AI-enhanced products and building new AI-powered solutions.</p>
<p><strong>In this role, you will:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Lead an engineering team with diverse levels of experience and expertise – with a focus on integrating AI into our existing products and working on new AI-powered offerings.</li>
<li>Collaborate effectively with product managers, ML and QA engineers, stakeholders, and senior developers to shape and deliver the roadmap.</li>
<li>Contribute to the product roadmap and participate in the feature design process.</li>
<li>Constantly refine team processes and culture to ensure smooth delivery and agility.</li>
<li>Act as a coach rather than a manager who’s detached from hands-on work – spending some time personally designing and working on technical tasks and software architecture.</li>
<li>Rapidly assimilate extensive technical information and dive deep into mature codebases.</li>
<li>Coach your team members on their technical and soft skills and provide them with feedback to help them improve every day.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p><strong>We would be delighted to have you on our team if you have:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Substantial previous experience with C++, as well as experience leading a development team.</li>
<li>Bleeding-edge knowledge and interest in the current landscape of AI technologies used in software development tooling. You read the latest news, constantly try new tools, and know how agents work under the hood.</li>
<li>A proven record of joining mature teams and having a major impact, either as an individual contributor or a team lead.</li>
<li>A proven track record of proposing and implementing radical solutions that move the needle on complex technical issues without sacrificing existing quality.</li>
<li>The ability to communicate effectively with a diverse set of colleagues, including both managers and peers.</li>
<li>A clear understanding of product management and its role in the development life cycle as a whole.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Why join JetBrains?&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Strong base salary. We offer competitive pay that reflects your skills and experience.</li>
<li>Flexible work location. Enjoy the freedom to work from home or from the office.</li>
<li>Remote work. Spend up to 30 days per year working remotely from abroad.</li>
<li>Extra time off. More days to relax, recharge, and do the things you love.</li>
<li>Medical insurance allowance. Enjoy peace of mind for you and your family</li>
<li>Learning and development opportunities. Access to conferences, courses, and language classes.</li>
<li><strong>Relocation support. We help make your move as smooth and stress-free as possible. (keep if relevant for the role)</strong></li>
<li>Language classes. Pick up the local language or sharpen your English skills.</li>
<li>Fuel your day. Enjoy a hot meal or receive a lunch allowance on workdays.</li>
<li>Mental health support. To help you feel your best, we provide easy access to professional mental health services.</li>
<li>Sports benefit. Enjoy an on-site gym or sports club stipend.</li>
<li>Internal events. Join company-wide celebrations and team gatherings.</li>
</ul>
<p>\*Some benefits may vary depending on location.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><span style="color: rgb(255, 255, 255);">#LI-DNI</span><br><br></p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>We are an equal opportunity employer</strong><br><br>We know great ideas can come from anyone, anywhere. That’s why we do our best to create an open and inclusive workplace – one that welcomes everyone regardless of their background, identity, religion, age, accessibility needs, or orientation.</p>
<p><em data-stringify-type="italic">We process the data provided in your job application in accordance with the <a href="https://www.jetbrains.com/legal/docs/privacy/privacy-recruitment/">Recruitment Privacy Policy.</a></em></p></div>