<div class="content-intro"><p><strong>Secure Every Identity, from AI to Human<br><br></strong>Identity is the key to unlocking the potential of AI. Okta secures AI by building the trusted, neutral infrastructure that enables organizations to safely embrace this new era. This work requires a relentless drive to solve complex challenges with real-world stakes. We are looking for builders and owners who operate with speed and urgency and execute with excellence.<br><br>This is an opportunity to do career-defining work. We're all in on this mission. If you are too, let's talk.</p></div><p><strong>The Enterprise Sales Team</strong></p>
<p>Are you passionate about technology and making your customers successful, and do you have the ability to articulate the value and return on investment of an enterprise solution across multiple decision makers? Do you want to help bring Okta to the next level?&nbsp;&nbsp;</p>
<p>If you answered yes to these questions then this could be the role for you, are you up for the challenge.&nbsp; We are seeking a passionate, results oriented, sales professional to drive revenue growth calling on Enterprise accounts.&nbsp;&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>The Enterprise Account Executive Opportunity</strong></p>
<p>We need an EAE who will continually ensure assigned territory growth with net new logos and profitability by developing solid business relationships with new and existing clients for Okta. You will plan and execute strategies and sales tactics in the following areas: generating new business, territory planning, pre-request for proposal prospecting, relationship development, pricing, presentation and delivery (finalist or other), negotiations, closing and executing contracts.</p>
<p>We also require an EAE that can identify net new leads that fit within ideal client profiles to market the company’s products and services that will meet potential client’s needs. You will initiate contact and follow-up on sales meetings and teleconferences, meet sales objectives and targets at profitable rates, move prospects into implementation, and meet established sales goals and quota schedule per plan year’s objectives. You will work with sales support to initiate customized proposals and communication for prospective clients and develop familiarity with potential clients to best meet their needs and to field inquiries.</p>
<p><strong>What you’ll be doing:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Establish a vision and plan to guide your long-term approach to net new logo pipeline generation.</li>
<li>Consistently deliver ARR revenue targets to support 40% YOY growth – dedication to the number and to deadlines.</li>
<li>Develop and execute sales strategies and tactics to generate pipeline, drive sales opportunities and deliver repeatable and predictable bookings.</li>
<li>Land, adopt, expand, and deepen sales opportunities with Enterprise accounts in your Region.</li>
<li>Explore the full spectrum of relationships and business possibilities across the client’s entire org chart.</li>
<li>Become known as a thought-leader in Okta’s platform.</li>
<li>Expand relationships and orchestrate complex deals across more diverse business stake-holders.</li>
<li>Holistically embrace, access, and utilize the channel/alliances to identify and open new, uncharted opportunities.</li>
<li>Work as a team for the most efficient use and deployment of resources. Provide timely and insightful input back to other corporate functions.</li>
<li>Position Okta at both the functional and “business value” level with target stakeholders.</li>
<li>Champion Okta to prospective clients at sales presentations, site visits and product demonstrations</li>
<li>Build effective working partnerships with your Okta colleagues (channel partners, sales engineering, business value management, customer first and many more globally) with humility and enthusiasm.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>What you’ll bring to the role:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>You will have 8+ years of a consistent track record of employment with direct field sales experience developing net new logos selling enterprise cloud software to enterprise companies.</li>
<li>You have previous experience utilizing partners, channels, and alliances to sell more successfully and overachieve your quota.</li>
<li>You have sold a similar complex solution software and have experience in any of the following: enterprise cloud software or infrastructure management, application development and management, security, business applications, and/or analytics.</li>
<li>You have a measurable track record in new business development and over achieving sales targets.</li>
<li>Experience in selling complex enterprise software solutions and ability to adapt in high growth, fast-growing, and changing environments and can adapt quickly.</li>
<li>Experience in successfully selling during market creation phase.</li>
<li>Proven track record of successfully closing six figure software cloud deals with prospects and customers in the defined territory.</li>
<li>Experience in the “C” suite, strong executive presence and polish, and excellent listening skills.</li>
<li>Experience with target account selling, solution selling, and/or consultative sales techniques; knowledge of MEDDIC and Challenger methodologies is a plus.</li>
<li>Bachelor's degree; MBA a plus or equivalent experience.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>\*This role will require in person onboard in San Francisco for the first two days.&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p><strong><br></strong>#LI-Remote<br>P9185\_3406988</p><div class="content-pay-transparency"><div class="pay-input"><div class="description"><p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Below is the annual On Target Compensation (OTE) range for candidates located in California (excluding San Francisco Bay Area), Colorado, Illinois, New York and Washington. Your actual OTE, which is inclusive of base salary and incentive compensation, will depend on factors such as your skills, qualifications, experience, and work location. In addition, Okta offers equity (where applicable) and benefits, including health, dental and vision insurance, 401(k), flexible spending account, and paid leave (including PTO and parental leave) in accordance with our applicable plans and policies. To learn more about our Total Rewards program please visit:&nbsp;</span><a href="https://rewards.okta.com/us"><span style="font-weight: 400;">https://rewards.okta.com/us</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">.&nbsp;<br></span></p></div><div class="title">The annual OTE range for this position for candidates located in California (excluding San Francisco Bay Area), Colorado, Illinois, New York, and Washington is between:</div><div class="pay-range"><span>$260,000</span><span class="divider">&mdash;</span><span>$358,000 USD</span></div></div></div><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong><br>The Okta Experience</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><a href="http://rewards.okta.com">Supporting Your Well-Being</a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="https://www.okta.com/company/okta-for-good/">Driving Social Impact&nbsp;</a></li>
<li><a href="https://www.okta.com/company/talent-connection-community/">Developing Talent and Fostering Connection + Community</a></li>
</ul>
<p>We are intentional about connection. Our global community, spanning over 20 offices worldwide, is united by a drive to innovate. Your journey begins with an immersive, in-person onboarding experience designed to accelerate your impact and connect you to our mission and team from day one.<br><br>Okta is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, marital status, age, physical or mental disability, or status as a protected veteran. We also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and convictions records, consistent with applicable laws.<br><br>If reasonable accommodation is needed to complete any part of the job application, interview process, or onboarding please&nbsp;<a href="https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1EfiEYZrIyhA2X4Fijk0R3RKYOzNoS3wtvyM4nhbZnXE/edit">use this Form</a> to request an accommodation.<br><br>Notice for New York City Applicants &amp; Employees: Okta may use Automated Employment Decision Tools (AEDT), as defined by New York City Local Law 144, that use artificial intelligence, machine learning, or other automated processes to assist in our recruitment and hiring process. In accordance with NYC Local Law 144, if you are an applicant or employee residing in New York City, please&nbsp;<a href="https://talent.okta.com/new-york-city-aedt-notice.html">click here</a> to view our full NYC AEDT Notice.<br><br>Okta is committed to complying with applicable data privacy and security laws and regulations. For more information, please see our Personnel and Job Candidate Privacy Notice at&nbsp;<a href="https://www.okta.com/legal/personnel-policy/">https://www.okta.com/legal/personnel-policy/</a>.</p></div>