<h2><strong>Who we are</strong></h2>
<h3><strong>About Stripe</strong></h3>
<p>Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies—from the world’s largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyone’s reach while doing the most important work of your career.</p>
<h3><strong>About the team&nbsp;</strong></h3>
<p>Our &nbsp;Reporting, Accounting, and Data Services org gives businesses power over the entire life cycle of their cash flow. By coordinating billing, tax, reporting, and data services in one modern stack, Stripe’s revenue and finance automation suite eliminates the inefficiencies of legacy finance tools and supports revenue growth.</p>
<p>While the internet has been a boon to productivity, the gains have been uneven. Common financial processes like billing, tax, and quarterly reporting are still painfully inefficient and manual. They’re also typically spread across a dozen or more software tools. The result: one-third of finance leaders reopen their books at least once a quarter because of accounting errors, and half spend 10 hours a month manually correcting discrepancies.</p>
<p>Stripe’s RADS suite relieves those burdens by equipping finance leaders with revenue management tools that are as sophisticated as the businesses they run. The suite automates manual work and improves accuracy across the cash flow life cycle, from payments and billing to tax, reporting, and reconciliation.</p>
<p>Our portfolio is growing rapidly and we are expanding our RFA suite to serve the diverse spectrum of Stripe’s users, from brand new startups to public companies. Simultaneously we are investing in foundations for an extensible platform solution, including integrations with external systems that will let us scale our reach and capabilities by orders of magnitude over the next few years.</p>
<h2><strong>What you’ll do</strong></h2>
<p>We are seeking an experienced technical leader to join our team to shape and build a suite of products that will let our users model and operate their business more efficiently. In this role, you will work closely with engineering managers, senior engineers, and cross-functional partners to design the technical architecture of the product to enable scale, interoperability and an amazing user experience. You will help grow the team in India to become a strong leader in delivering the Revenue and Finance Automation vision. You will also have the opportunity to be hands-on in building key systems, while mentoring and leading other engineers. Join us in spearheading a transformational opportunity for Stripe.</p>
<h3><strong>Responsibilities</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Manage the technical leadership, execution, and roadmap for Revenue and Finance automation suite.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Lead by example by designing and implementing critical platforms that enable seamless interoperability across the RFA suite of products.</li>
<li>Partner closely with engineering, product, and design leadership to define our product strategy and user experience.</li>
<li>Establish best practices, frameworks, and repeatable processes that enable the team to execute effectively.</li>
<li>Foster a culture of learning and data-driven decision making on the team and the broader organization.</li>
<li>Mentor and support the growth of engineers at different levels in their careers.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<h2><strong>Who you are</strong></h2>
<p>We’re looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.</p>
<h3><strong>Minimum requirements</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>At least 15 years of engineering experience or equivalent combined work experience demonstrating relevant domain expertise.</li>
<li>Proven experience leading company-wide initiatives or influencing tech roadmap planning and execution.</li>
<li>You have great product taste and a track record of taking complex problems and solving them elegantly.</li>
<li>You enjoy diving into and deeply understanding the businesses that use Stripe.</li>
<li>You work very well cross-functionally, and are able to think rigorously and make hard decisions and tradeoffs.</li>
<li>You are capable of working in ambiguous fast-moving environments and have a curiosity to learn the domain to a deep level.</li>
<li>You thrive on a high level of autonomy and responsibility.</li>
<li>Strong collaboration skills to work effectively across multiple teams and stakeholders.</li>
<li>Past experience mentoring and investing in the development of engineers.</li>
<li>Pride in successfully completing projects involving a diverse range of technologies and systems.</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>Preferred qualifications</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Familiarity with large scale distributed systems.</li>
<li>Experience working in high-growth teams similar to Stripe.</li>
<li>If you meet the minimum requirements, we encourage you to apply. Preferred qualifications are beneficial but not mandatory.</li>
</ul>