<div class="content-intro"><h3>ABOUT TIDE</h3>
<p>At Tide we help SMEs save time (and money) in the running of their businesses by not only offering business accounts and related banking services, but also a comprehensive set of highly usable and connected administrative solutions from invoicing to accounting.</p>
<p>Tide is transforming the small business banking market with over 1.8 million members globally across the UK, India, Germany and France.</p>
<p>Using advanced technology, all solutions are designed with SMEs in mind. With quick onboarding, low fees and innovative features, we thrive on making data-driven decisions to serve our mission: to help SMEs save both time (and money) so they can get back to doing what they love.</p>
<p><strong>Tide facts:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Tide is available for UK, Indian, German and French SMEs</li>
<li>Over 1.8 million members: 800,000 UK and 1,000,000 in India and growing rapidly</li>
<li>Over $300 million raised in funding</li>
<li>Over 2,500 Tideans globally - we’re diversity champions!</li>
<li>We have offices in Central London, with a member support and technology centre in Sofia, Bulgaria, technology centres in Serbia, Romania, Lithuania and Hyderabad and offices in Gurugram and New Delhi, and in Berlin, Paris and Luxembourg.</li>
</ul></div><h3>ABOUT THE TEAM:</h3>
<p>We are pleased to have a dynamic, forward-thinking group of professionals, deeply committed to supporting Tide in its growth while maintaining the highest standards of regulatory compliance and risk management. We have great cross-collaboration both within and outside the team and we pride ourselves on our team culture, ways of working and the support we provide to each other and to the business.</p>
<p>If joining the Compliance Team, you will be part of a supportive and knowledgeable group, with opportunities to work on complex, high-impact projects that contribute directly to Tide’s success and growth. You’ll be encouraged to bring new ideas, challenge the status quo, and take ownership of key compliance initiatives.</p>
<h3>ABOUT THE ROLE:</h3>
<p>As Regulatory Risk &amp; Compliance Manager - EUR, you will play a vital role in ensuring Tide complies with the evolving regulatory requirements set by the CSSF and other EU regulators. You will be responsible for identifying, assessing, and mitigating regulatory risks, while ensuring that Tide’s compliance frameworks are embedded across the business.</p>
<p>Working closely with teams across the organisation, including Product, Member Operations, Payments, Marketing, Legal and Finance, you will provide expert advice on regulatory developments, lead compliance initiatives, and integrate regulatory requirements into our day-to-day operations.</p>
<p>As the subject matter expert on particular regulations, you’ll help to steer decisions, impact strategies and support the rest of the team and business. At Tide, you’ll be able to work in a fast-paced environment, with cross-team exposure, inquisitive freedom and the ability to impact how Tide conducts its business.</p>
<p>As Regulatory Risk &amp; Compliance Manager you will:</p>
<ul>
<li>Execute the Compliance Monitoring Plan, taking ownership of monitoring activities, addressing findings, and engaging stakeholders as needed.</li>
<li>Horizon scanning and regulatory mapping for regulatory developments across Luxembourg and the EU, assess their impact, and advise on necessary actions.</li>
<li>Manage regulatory submissions to the CSSF such as Compliance summary report, long form report and the annual complaints reports.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Ensure accurate and timely regulatory reporting for BCL monthly reports.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Provide regulatory guidance on product and service development, conducting compliance assessments for new initiatives.</li>
<li>Maintain and update compliance policies in line with Luxembourg and EU regulations, tracking required refresh cycles.</li>
<li>Support the Chief Compliance Officer and the Global Director of Compliance in regulatory engagements, strategic planning, and governance.</li>
<li>Lead and actively participate in the Regulatory Risk &amp; Compliance working group, ensuring key issues are identified, addressed, and escalated.</li>
<li>Coordinate and deliver compliance and risk-related training across the business.</li>
<li>Collect and prepare MI for internal governance reporting and external regulatory submissions.</li>
<li>Track regulatory deadlines, file submissions, maintain a log of regulatory interactions, and prepare for meetings and inspections with CSSF and other authorities.</li>
<li>Engage with internal teams to respond to compliance-related requests and regulatory inquiries, ensuring cross-functional alignment.</li>
<li>Work closely with the 1LOD to remediate regulatory oversight findings and enhance controls.</li>
<li>Identify, assess, and monitor regulatory risks, ensuring appropriate mitigation measures are in place.</li>
<li>Support internal and external audits, participate in compliance reviews, and oversee effective remediation of findings.</li>
</ul>
<h3>WHAT WE ARE LOOKING FOR:</h3>
<ul>
<li>At least 6 years of experience in Compliance, Regulatory Risk, or Risk Management at a senior level within financial services.</li>
<li>Strong expertise in Luxembourg (CSSF) and EU financial regulations, including PSD2, GDPR, EBA Guidelines and related frameworks.</li>
<li>Direct experience interacting with regulators, handling responses, managing notifications, and supporting regulatory inspections, audits, and thematic reviews.</li>
<li>Proven track record in regulatory submissions, licence applications, and reporting, ensuring compliance with Luxembourg and EU requirements.</li>
<li>Experience in oversight functions, monitoring key risk indicators (KRIs), and providing Compliance Advisory on new initiatives, products, and services.</li>
<li>Background in Banking, FinTech, Payments/E-Money firms, or Regulatory Consultancy.</li>
<li>Experience working with firms under CSSF&nbsp; regulations.</li>
<li>Ability to interpret complex regulations, research requirements, and advise internal stakeholders on compliance matters.</li>
<li>Proactive problem solver with a strong sense of ownership and accountability in resolving compliance challenges.</li>
<li>Exceptional organisational skills, managing multiple projects, deadlines, and regulatory engagements effectively.</li>
<li>Meticulous attention to detail, with strong drafting, analytical, and risk assessment skills.</li>
<li>Fluency in English with German and/or French and/or Luxembourgish as a strong plus.</li>
</ul>
<h3>WHAT YOU’LL GET IN RETURN:</h3>
<p>Our location-specific employee benefits are designed to cater to the unique needs of Tideans:</p>
<ul>
<li>Time Off – Generous annual leave on top of bank holidays.</li>
<li>Parental Leave – Maternity, paternity, and adoption leave to support your family journey.</li>
<li>Sabbatical – Extended unpaid and paid leave options after completing milestone years with Tide.</li>
<li>Mental Wellbeing – Access to therapy sessions, courses, meditations, and workshops.</li>
<li>Volunteering &amp; Development Days – Paid days annually for volunteering or personal growth.</li>
<li>Learning &amp; Development – Annual budget for books, courses, coaching, and more.</li>
<li>WOO (Work Outside the Office) – Work from abroad for up to 90 days annually.</li>
<li>Home Office Setup – Contribution towards setting up your home office.</li>
<li>Laptop Ownership – Keep your old laptop and get a new one when it’s time for a replacement.</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>TIDEAN WAYS OF WORKING:</strong></h3>
<p>At Tide, we champion a <strong>flexible workplace </strong>model that<strong> </strong>supports both in-person and remote work to cater to the specific needs of our different teams.</p>
<p>While remote work is supported, we believe in the power of face-to-face interactions to foster team spirit and collaboration. Our offices are designed as hubs for innovation and team-building, where we encourage regular in-person gatherings to foster a strong sense of community. <span style="color: rgb(255, 255, 255);">#LI-AC1 #LI-Hybrid</span></p><div class="content-conclusion"><h3>TIDE IS A PLACE FOR EVERYONE</h3>
<p>At Tide, we believe that we can only succeed if we let our differences enrich our culture. Our Tideans come from a variety of backgrounds and experience levels. We consider everyone irrespective of their ethnicity, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, family or parental status, national origin, veteran, neurodiversity or differently-abled status. We celebrate diversity in our workforce as a cornerstone of our success. Our commitment to a broad spectrum of ideas and backgrounds is what enables us to build products that resonate with our members’ diverse needs and lives.&nbsp;</p>
<p>We are One Team and foster a transparent and inclusive environment, where everyone’s voice is heard.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><em>At Tide, we thrive on diversity, embracing various backgrounds and experiences. We welcome all individuals regardless of ethnicity, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, or disability. Our inclusive culture is key to our success, helping us build products that meet our members' diverse needs. We are One Team, committed to transparency and ensuring everyone’s voice is heard.</em></p>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section">&nbsp;</div>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section"><strong>Disclaimer</strong></div>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section">&nbsp;</div>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section"><em>It has come to our attention that individuals or agencies are falsely claiming to represent Tide and are reaching out to candidates regarding job opportunities. Please be aware that:</em></div>
<ul class="p-rich\_text\_list p-rich\_text\_list\_\_bullet p-rich\_text\_list--nested" data-stringify-type="unordered-list" data-list-tree="true" data-indent="0" data-border="0">
<li style="font-style: italic;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><em>Tide does&nbsp;<strong data-stringify-type="bold">not</strong>&nbsp;charge any fees at any stage of the recruitment process.</em></li>
<li style="font-style: italic;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><em>All official Tide job opportunities are listed exclusively on our&nbsp;<a href="https://www.tide.co/careers/" target="\_blank"><strong data-stringify-type="bold">Careers Page</strong></a>&nbsp;and applications should be submitted through this channel.</em></li>
<li style="font-style: italic;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><em>Communication from Tide will only come from an official&nbsp;<strong data-stringify-type="bold">@tide</strong><strong data-stringify-type="bold">.co</strong>&nbsp;email address.</em></li>
<li style="font-style: italic;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><em>Tide does not work with agencies or recruiters without prior formal engagement, and we do not authorize third parties to make job offers on our behalf.</em></li>
</ul>
<p><em>If you are contacted by anyone misrepresenting Tide or requesting payment, please treat it as fraudulent and report it to us immediately at <a href="mailto:talent@tide.co" target="\_blank">talent@tide.co</a><br>Your safety and trust are important to us, and we are committed to ensuring a fair and transparent recruitment process.</em></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><em><em data-stringify-type="italic">Tide leverages AI to enhance our hiring experience. You can read more about how we use AI in our recruitment process in our <a href="https://assets.ctfassets.net/3h69mkdgxn20/5MFtWSdG8YLKq3jZkK52NY/3f18633073e6cdbd03bba4b9791c64f4/Using\_AI\_throughout\_the\_Hiring\_Process.pdf" target="\_blank">AI Policy</a>.</em></em></p>
<p><em><em data-stringify-type="italic">Your personal data will be processed by Tide for recruitment purposes and in accordance with </em><em data-stringify-type="italic"><a class="c-link" href="https://assets.ctfassets.net/3h69mkdgxn20/4TE0uAE3SXomATDVneocNA/aa31893960b4064dd406ad15d029dcd3/Recruitment\_Privacy\_Notice.pdf" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://assets.ctfassets.net/3h69mkdgxn20/1MYf6q4ZMWugpeaROVETBN/526e9c160a2de03576413c81657c6466/Recruitment\_Privacy\_Notice\_\_Final\_Draft\_\_Sep\_2024\_.pdf" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">Tide's Recruitment Privacy Notice</a></em><em data-stringify-type="italic">.</em></em></p></div>