<p>Our mission at Duolingo is to develop the best education in the world and make it universally available. It’s a big mission, and that’s where you come in!</p>
<p>At Duolingo, you’ll join a team that cares about educating our users, experimenting with big ideas, making fact-based decisions, and finding innovative solutions to complex problems. You’ll have limitless learning opportunities and daily collaborations with world-class minds — while doing work that’s both meaningful and fun.</p>
<p>Join our life-changing mission to develop education for our half a billion (and growing!) learners around the world.&nbsp;</p>
<p style="text-align: left;">Read <a href="https://blog.duolingo.com/?utm\_source=greenhouse.com&amp;utm\_medium=referral&amp;utm\_campaign=generalblog\_gh\_091224">our blog</a> to learn more.</p>
<hr>
<p style="text-align: left;"><strong>About the role...</strong></p>
<p>As<strong> </strong>a<strong> </strong>Group Product Manager, you’ll be a key product leader in the Growth Area. The Growth Area is responsible for growing Duolingo’s<strong> user base </strong>by making our app so fun, delightful, and effective that our learners stick around, make real progress, and tell their friends all about Duolingo!</p>
<p style="text-align: left;">&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>🧠 You will...</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Define the product strategy to make Duolingo a daily habit for millions of learners in India and the Asian Pacific region</li>
<li>Identify and execute on product opportunities in partnership with engineering, design, marketing, strategy, localization, and other functions</li>
<li>Drive product features through their entire creative cycle: ideation, specification, experimentation, analysis, launch, and iteration</li>
<li>Surface insights from quantitative and qualitative data to inform product decisions and champion Indian and APAC learners</li>
<li>Communicate with global teams across time zones</li>
<li>Lead and grow a product team</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>✅ You have...</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>A track record of driving impact as an individual contributor on a consumer product team</li>
<li>Experience leading and growing small teams of product managers</li>
<li>High autonomy, resourcefulness, and creativity</li>
<li>Excellent spoken and written communication skills</li>
<li>Strong data, design, and product sense</li>
<li>A desire to make the world a better place through technology and education</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<hr><div class="content-conclusion"><p class="Z7ph2">Take a peek at how we care for our employees' holistic well-being with our benefits<a class="Z7ph2" href="https://careers.duolingo.com/#benefits">&nbsp;here</a>.</p>
<p class="Z7ph2">We will do everything we can within reason to make sure that your interview takes place in an environment that fairly and accurately assesses your skills. If you need assistance or accommodation, please contact&nbsp;<a class="Z7ph2" href="mailto:accommodations@duolingo.com" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="mailto:accommodations@duolingo.com" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">accommodations@duolingo.com</a>.</p>
<p class="Z7ph2">Duolingo is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, gender (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics.</p>
<p class="Z7ph2">By applying for this position your data will be processed as per the<a class="Z7ph2" href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vTX9GKeRMOMA9Vtm0vfGibrYPYz8ysl0Dg8KSXgj\_PxeT5ChsdnNZZWtpxu4t7xillTPGnngnKCjIbV/pub">&nbsp;Duolingo Applicant Privacy Notice</a>.</p>
<p class="Z7ph2">Unfortunately, there is a rise in scammers pretending to be real Duolingo employees. Duolingo and our employees will never ask for your Social Security number, bank details, or passport info, and we’ll never ask you to deposit a check, purchase equipment, or exchange money during the interview process. Real Duolingo employees always use an email that ends in&nbsp;<strong>@duolingo.com</strong>&nbsp;or&nbsp;<strong>@recruiting.duolingo.com</strong>. Stay alert and double-check these details before sharing any information.</p>
<p class="Z7ph2">Sign up for job alerts&nbsp;<a href="http://my.greenhouse.io/users/sign\_in?job\_board=duolingo">here</a>.</p></div>