<div class="content-intro"><h3>ABOUT TIDE</h3>
<p>At Tide we help SMEs save time (and money) in the running of their businesses by not only offering business accounts and related banking services, but also a comprehensive set of highly usable and connected administrative solutions from invoicing to accounting.</p>
<p>Tide is transforming the small business banking market with over 1.8 million members globally across the UK, India, Germany and France.</p>
<p>Using advanced technology, all solutions are designed with SMEs in mind. With quick onboarding, low fees and innovative features, we thrive on making data-driven decisions to serve our mission: to help SMEs save both time (and money) so they can get back to doing what they love.</p>
<p><strong>Tide facts:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Tide is available for UK, Indian, German and French SMEs</li>
<li>Over 1.8 million members: 800,000 UK and 1,000,000 in India and growing rapidly</li>
<li>Over $300 million raised in funding</li>
<li>Over 2,500 Tideans globally - we’re diversity champions!</li>
<li>We have offices in Central London, with a member support and technology centre in Sofia, Bulgaria, technology centres in Serbia, Romania, Lithuania and Hyderabad and offices in Gurugram and New Delhi, and in Berlin, Paris and Luxembourg.</li>
</ul></div><h3>ABOUT THE TEAM:&nbsp;</h3>
<p>You will be the founding leader of a lean, high-impact team acting as the vital link between Tide’s core engineering and our global financial and people operations.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Our mission is to build and own a robust integration layer that ensures high-quality, automated data flow from various business systems—such as Adyen, Salesforce, Mambo, and others—directly into SAP.</p>
<p>Beyond financial pipelines, the team oversees our Internal Tools ecosystem (Workday, Greenhouse, etc.), ensuring our corporate infrastructure is as scalable as our product. You’ll have the autonomy to build this team at your own pace, acting as the strategic technical partner for Finance and ensuring our automated systems provide a reliable source of truth as we grow globally.</p>
<h3>ABOUT THE ROLE:</h3>
<p>As an Engineering Manager, you will play a dual role: acting as a hands-on technical strategist and a foundational leader.&nbsp; You will be responsible for hiring&nbsp; a small team of engineers and planning a 12 month roadmap in collaboration with stakeholders and product managers. On the Finance side, your team will own the <strong>SAP integration landscape</strong>, ensuring that our financial backbone is scalable, automated, and resilient. You won’t just be managing internal workflows; you will be the key technical representative for Finance within the broader Tide engineering organization, collaborating closely with Billing, Payments, and other core teams. Additionally, you will oversee <strong>third-party vendors</strong> who maintain and update our SAP environment, ensuring their delivery meets our high architectural and quality standards.</p>
<p>On the People side your team will be responsible for building custom integrations between Workday, our main HR SaaS solution, and other tools such as Greenhouse or Okta to make sure new joiners at Tide have a seamless experience.This is a unique opportunity for a backend-heavy leader to build a specialized team at their own pace, shaping how Tide handles complex 3rd party ecosystems as we continue our global expansion.</p>
<h3><br>WHAT WE ARE LOOKING FOR:</h3>
<ul>
<li>A strong backend engineering background, with proficiency in Python or Java.</li>
<li>Extensive experience with complex 3rd party integrations and building scalable data pipelines.</li>
<li>Prior experience with Workday or SAP implementations is a significant advantage.</li>
<li>A hands-on leader who thrives in a role that is roughly 40% technical contribution/coding and 60% people and project management.</li>
<li>Experience in building and scaling engineering teams</li>
<li>Strategic mindset: You should be comfortable acting as the technical representative for Finance, collaborating across the wider engineering org (Billing, Payments, etc.).</li>
<li>Vendor management skills: Experience overseeing third-party partners and ensuring their delivery meets high-quality and architectural standards.</li>
<li>A proactive problem-solver who ensures all solutions (like revenue automation from systems like Adyen or Salesforce) are resilient and future-proof.</li>
<li>Prior experience in Fintech or a fast-paced, high-growth environment is a strong plus.</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>OUR TECH STACK:</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Containerised microservices in Java, Python &amp; Go</li>
<li>Web Applications in AngularJS</li>
<li>Hosted in AWS</li>
<li>Primary datastores are AWS Aurora PostgreSQL</li>
<li>Docker, Terraform, ArgoCD and, EKS Coralogix for monitoring, observability and automated SLOs</li>
<li>GitHub CI/CD pipelines</li>
</ul>
<h3>WHAT YOU’LL GET IN RETURN:&nbsp;</h3>
<ul>
<li>The gross monthly salary for this position ranges from 7500€ to 11000€, depending on your skills and experience</li>
<li>Private Health Insurance</li>
<li>3rd Pillar Pension Fund Contribution</li>
<li>25 days Paid Annual Leave</li>
<li>3 Paid Days off for Volunteering or L&amp;D Activities</li>
<li>Parental Leave days&nbsp;</li>
<li>Family-Friendly Leave&nbsp;</li>
<li>Personal L&amp;D Budget in the amount of 500€ per year</li>
<li>Mental wellbeing platform Plumm</li>
<li>WFH Equipment Allowance</li>
<li>Sabbatical Leave</li>
<li>Share options</li>
<li>Team Events</li>
</ul>
<h3>TIDEAN WAYS OF WORKING</h3>
<p>At Tide, we champion a <strong>flexible workplace </strong>model that<strong> </strong>supports both in-person and remote work to cater to the specific needs of our different teams.&nbsp;</p>
<p>While remote work is supported, we believe in the power of face-to-face interactions to foster team spirit and collaboration. Our offices are designed as hubs for innovation and team-building, where we encourage regular in-person gatherings to foster a strong sense of community.</p><div class="content-conclusion"><h3>TIDE IS A PLACE FOR EVERYONE</h3>
<p>At Tide, we believe that we can only succeed if we let our differences enrich our culture. Our Tideans come from a variety of backgrounds and experience levels. We consider everyone irrespective of their ethnicity, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, family or parental status, national origin, veteran, neurodiversity or differently-abled status. We celebrate diversity in our workforce as a cornerstone of our success. Our commitment to a broad spectrum of ideas and backgrounds is what enables us to build products that resonate with our members’ diverse needs and lives.&nbsp;</p>
<p>We are One Team and foster a transparent and inclusive environment, where everyone’s voice is heard.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><em>At Tide, we thrive on diversity, embracing various backgrounds and experiences. We welcome all individuals regardless of ethnicity, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, or disability. Our inclusive culture is key to our success, helping us build products that meet our members' diverse needs. We are One Team, committed to transparency and ensuring everyone’s voice is heard.</em></p>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section">&nbsp;</div>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section"><strong>Disclaimer</strong></div>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section">&nbsp;</div>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section"><em>It has come to our attention that individuals or agencies are falsely claiming to represent Tide and are reaching out to candidates regarding job opportunities. Please be aware that:</em></div>
<ul class="p-rich\_text\_list p-rich\_text\_list\_\_bullet p-rich\_text\_list--nested" data-stringify-type="unordered-list" data-list-tree="true" data-indent="0" data-border="0">
<li style="font-style: italic;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><em>Tide does&nbsp;<strong data-stringify-type="bold">not</strong>&nbsp;charge any fees at any stage of the recruitment process.</em></li>
<li style="font-style: italic;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><em>All official Tide job opportunities are listed exclusively on our&nbsp;<a href="https://www.tide.co/careers/" target="\_blank"><strong data-stringify-type="bold">Careers Page</strong></a>&nbsp;and applications should be submitted through this channel.</em></li>
<li style="font-style: italic;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><em>Communication from Tide will only come from an official&nbsp;<strong data-stringify-type="bold">@tide</strong><strong data-stringify-type="bold">.co</strong>&nbsp;email address.</em></li>
<li style="font-style: italic;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><em>Tide does not work with agencies or recruiters without prior formal engagement, and we do not authorize third parties to make job offers on our behalf.</em></li>
</ul>
<p><em>If you are contacted by anyone misrepresenting Tide or requesting payment, please treat it as fraudulent and report it to us immediately at <a href="mailto:talent@tide.co" target="\_blank">talent@tide.co</a><br>Your safety and trust are important to us, and we are committed to ensuring a fair and transparent recruitment process.</em></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><em><em data-stringify-type="italic">Tide leverages AI to enhance our hiring experience. You can read more about how we use AI in our recruitment process in our <a href="https://assets.ctfassets.net/3h69mkdgxn20/5MFtWSdG8YLKq3jZkK52NY/3f18633073e6cdbd03bba4b9791c64f4/Using\_AI\_throughout\_the\_Hiring\_Process.pdf" target="\_blank">AI Policy</a>.</em></em></p>
<p><em><em data-stringify-type="italic">Your personal data will be processed by Tide for recruitment purposes and in accordance with </em><em data-stringify-type="italic"><a class="c-link" href="https://assets.ctfassets.net/3h69mkdgxn20/4TE0uAE3SXomATDVneocNA/aa31893960b4064dd406ad15d029dcd3/Recruitment\_Privacy\_Notice.pdf" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://assets.ctfassets.net/3h69mkdgxn20/1MYf6q4ZMWugpeaROVETBN/526e9c160a2de03576413c81657c6466/Recruitment\_Privacy\_Notice\_\_Final\_Draft\_\_Sep\_2024\_.pdf" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">Tide's Recruitment Privacy Notice</a></em><em data-stringify-type="italic">.</em></em></p></div>