<p><strong>Core skills: &nbsp;</strong>Finance, Excel, Google Sheets, Financial Forecasting, Budgeting, Cash-Flow, Accounting, Investor Reporting, Management Reporting, KPIs, Data Analytics</p>
<p><span style="color: rgb(53, 152, 219);"><strong>Bitmovin </strong></span>is a global Series-C SaaS scale-up that provides award-winning video streaming technology to world-renowned brands including <strong>Disney+, Discovery+, BBC, Red Bull Media House, Hulu, fuboTV, and The New York Times</strong>, to name just a few.</p>
<p><em>“We are constantly seeking out forward-thinking individuals who want to shape the future of video… come and work with us!”</em><em><br></em>Stefan Lederer, CEO</p>
<p>At <span style="color: rgb(53, 152, 219);"><strong>Bitmovin </strong></span>we value cognitive diversity and the huge part this plays in not only creating a global culture second to none, but in how this underpins our ability to create truly representative, Emmy award winning products. Diversity in all its forms is encouraged and celebrated at Bitmovin; everyone has a role to play in helping us shape the future of video.</p>
<h3><strong>Why us?&nbsp;</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li><strong>Innovate Relentlessly:</strong> Work for an Emmy® Award-winning company that is literally shaping the future of video.</li>
<li><strong>Global Impact:</strong> Join an international team where your work directly influences the company's trajectory</li>
<li><strong>The Right Balance:</strong> Enjoy a culture that values execution and results but also supports wellbeing and personal growth.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>What you are</strong></p>
<p><strong>A Numbers Person: </strong>Skilled in financial analysis, building models and creating financial plans based on past data and well-researched assumptions&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Systems Thinker:</strong> You are highly proficient in Excel and have experience in creating reports/extracting needed information from various systems. You prefer automation over manual entry.</p>
<p><strong>Ownership Mindset:</strong> You don't wait for a checklist. You see a process that is broken or data that is messy, and you take the initiative to fix it.</p>
<p><strong>Communicator:</strong> You can translate complex financial data into actionable insights for both the CFO and non-financial stakeholders.</p>
<p>&nbsp;<strong>What should you bring</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Experience in a fast-paced finance environment (SaaS/Tech or high-growth business experience is a major plus).</li>
<li>Eagerness to learn how a modern tech scale-up operates</li>
<li>Passion for data analytics with high attention to detail, problem-solving skills, critical thinking&nbsp;</li>
<li>Efficient and structured work style paired with a proactive mindset and an ambition for continuous improvement</li>
<li>Proven experience in financial planning and analysis, cost controlling, and budgeting</li>
<li>High proficiency in MS Excel and/or Google Sheets</li>
<li>Educational background (bachelor or higher) in Finance, Accounting, Economics, or a related field.</li>
<li>Fluent written and verbal communication skills (English, German is a plus)</li>
<li>Understanding of SaaS / Scale-up economics is a plus</li>
<li>Experience in working with Netsuite is a plus</li>
<li>Some experience in working with databases / SQL / simple coding (eg Google BigQuery) is a plus</li>
<li>Experience with R&amp;D public grants (e.g. Austrian “Research premium” / “Forschungsprämie”) is a plus</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>Bitmovin’s Benefits</strong></h3>
<p>Working for a globally operating and innovative Tech-Scale-up with a young and international team with low hierarchy and the ambition to shape the future of video.</p>
<ul>
<li>Competitive salary</li>
<li>Hybrid work (office/home office) with flexible working hours</li>
<li>Additional company days off</li>
<li>Possibility to lease a bike</li>
<li>Investment in growth and education (various trainings, lunch &amp; learn,...)</li>
<li>Free snacks and great coffee</li>
<li>Open spaced office with a socializing area with table football, playstation, etc.</li>
<li>Regular and fun team activities (hackathons, team events, …)</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>Life at Bitmovin</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Find out more about us on our<a href="https://bitmovin.com/careers/"><strong> Careers Page</strong></a></li>
<li>See what fellow Bitmovers are saying on<a href="https://www.linkedin.com/company/bitmovin/life/7f143265-8cc2-4ae8-93f4-dc88cf00d0d4/?viewAsMember=true"><strong> LinkedIn</strong></a></li>
<li><strong>Check the employee reviews on<a href="https://www.glassdoor.co.uk/Reviews/Bitmovin-Reviews-E1400248.htm"> Glassdoor</a></strong></li>
</ul>
<h3><span style="font-size: 14px;">For all of our roles, we are willing to offer flexible working arrangements to support everyone’s unique circumstances.</span></h3>