<p><strong>🚀&nbsp;Ready to launch your sales career in one of the world’s fastest-growing fintech companies?</strong></p>
<p>Join our high-energy team in&nbsp;<strong>Barcelona</strong> and help us bring smarter payment solutions to small businesses across the UK and Europe.</p>
<p><strong>At SumUp</strong>, we’re on a mission to empower small merchants by making payments simple, accessible, and hassle-free. Today, we support over<strong> 4 million businesses in 30+ countries </strong>— and we’re just getting started.&nbsp;As a&nbsp;<strong>Sales Development Representative</strong> (SDR), you’ll be the first point of contact with future SumUp merchants, introducing them to a product that actually makes a difference.</p>
<p>Whether you're just starting out or looking to grow in your sales career, this role offers the <strong>perfect launchpad:</strong></p>
<p>📞 Build real sales skills</p>
<p>🌍 Work in a diverse, international team</p>
<p>🧠 Learn fast with expert mentorship</p>
<p>🚀 Grow your career in tech from day one</p>
<p><strong>What you'll be up to:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Proactively reach out to businesses via targeted outbound calls to understand their needs and assess their fit for SumUp’s POS and payment solutions</li>
<li>Qualify merchants by gathering key business information and offering insights into how our products can support their operations</li>
<li>Schedule high-quality, localised appointments for our Field Sales team to conduct in-depth demos, negotiate terms, and close deals</li>
<li>Focus on outreach to merchants who haven’t requested contact, using outbound tools, lead lists, and past opportunity data</li>
<li>Play a key role in driving deal generation by ensuring Field Sales has a strong pipeline of well-matched, engaged prospects</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>We’d love to meet you if you have:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Strong communication skills and a friendly, confident phone presence</li>
<li>Fluency in English and German</li>
<li>Experience working directly with customers or clients in a fast-paced environment</li>
<li>A track record in outbound outreach — you’re comfortable starting conversations from scratch</li>
<li>Some hands-on cold calling experience (and the resilience that comes with it!)</li>
<li>Previous sales experience — not a must, but definitely a plus</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Life at SumUp:</strong></p>
<p>💸 Competitive base salary + uncapped commission — your earning potential grows with your success!</p>
<p>🌎 Opportunity to work with SumUppers globally on large-scale fintech products used by millions of businesses worldwide, from our Barcelona office. This involves an office-first setup.</p>
<p>🌈 Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion: Be part of a workplace that values and promotes diversity, fostering an inclusive environment where everyone's perspectives are respected and embraced</p>
<p>📚 A dedicated annual L&amp;D budget of €2000 for attending conferences and/or advancing your career through further education</p>
<p>🥗 Restaurant tickets</p>
<p class="cui-body-gccz cui-body-m-0hb4 cui-body-regular-g1zg cui-body-normal-pxkh css-k4eprn">🚇 public transport ticket (50%), Health Insurance (50%) &nbsp;</p>
<p class="cui-body-gccz cui-body-m-0hb4 cui-body-regular-g1zg cui-body-normal-pxkh css-k4eprn">🏅The Urban Sports Club basic plan membership&nbsp;</p>
<p class="cui-body-gccz cui-body-m-0hb4 cui-body-regular-g1zg cui-body-normal-pxkh css-k4eprn">👥An amazing team and work environment that works with passion and purpose to achieve incredible results</p>
<p>🪩We get together regularly for breakfasts, team events, office parties and sport</p>
<p>🌴 Break4me: 1-month sabbatical after 3 years of service</p>
<p class="cui-body-gccz cui-body-m-0hb4 cui-body-regular-g1zg cui-body-normal-pxkh css-k4eprn">📍 be based in the heart of Barcelona</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>🔄 30 Days Sabbatical: Enjoy the unique opportunity to take a well-deserved break with our 30 days sabbatical benefit after completing 3 years of employment with SumUp</p>
<p>🔗 Referral Bonus: Earn additional rewards by referring talented individuals to join the SumUp team</p>
<p>🏠We offer a relocation bonus to support your move</p>
<p><strong>About SumUp</strong></p>
<p>Small business owners are at the heart of all we do, so we create powerful, easy-to-use financial solutions to help them run their businesses. With a founder’s mentality and a 'team-first’ attitude, our diverse teams across Europe, South America and the United States work together to ensure that the small business owners we partner with can be successful doing what they love.&nbsp;</p>
<p><em>SumUp is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer that proudly pursues and hires a diverse workforce. SumUp does not make hiring or employment decisions on the basis of race, colour, religion or religious belief, ethnic or national origin, nationality, sex, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, disability, age or any other basis protected by applicable laws or prohibited by company policy. SumUp also strives for a healthy and safe workplace and strictly prohibits harassment of any kind.</em></p>
<p><em>SumUp will not accept unsolicited resumes from any source other than directly from a candidate.</em></p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>Job Application Tip</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We recognise that candidates feel they need to meet 100% of the job criteria in order to apply for a job. Please note that this is only a guide. If you don’t tick every box, it’s ok too because it means you have room to learn and develop your career at SumUp.</span></p></div>