## Your Mission

<p><span>We are working on the next step in the evolution of the human-machine-interface between a Mercedes and its passengers. You will become part of the team that is connecting all the dots between engineering, business and delivery to bring the 'Best or nothing' to those who matter the most to us: Our customers. </span> </p><p>Y<span>ou will be part of our Requirements Team, which is tasked with ensuring that our project meets the high standards of Mercedes-Benz on all leves.</span> <br><span>You will coordinate input from Product and Function Owners, Test and Development Engineers and will create, maintain and align requirements based on that. This will enable us to consistently plan and discuss our existing and upcoming features and also help us scope our testing efforts.</span> </p>

## Sneak preview of your future tasks

<ul><li>Work closely with engineers to create requirements that are by the team, for the team. </li><li><span>Provide valuable support in managing scrum ceremonies, including Sprint Planning, Backlog Refinement, Review and Retrospective, and Daily Scrum.</span></li><li><span>Collaborate with product owners and project managers to synchronize timelines and identify responsible individuals. </span></li></ul>

## Your Profile

<strong>Education </strong><br><ul><li><span>Currently enrolled in Computer Science, Engineering, Information Technology, Data Science, Human-Computer Interaction, Business Administration or a comparable field degree </span> </li></ul><span><strong>Experience</strong></span><strong> </strong><ul><li><span>Experience working with software and test engineers.<br></span></li><li><span>Experience in applying AI and machine learning techniques.</span></li><li><span>Familiarity with Gitlab.</span>  </li><li><span>Solid grasp of Agile Methodology, particularly Scrum.</span> </li><li><span>Experience with Jira and Confluence.</span> </li><li><span>Strong analytical skills.</span> </li><li><span>The ability to translate complex technical details into clear and concise English.</span> </li><li><span>Project management experience</span> </li></ul><span><strong>Nice to have</strong></span><strong> <br></strong><ul><li><span>Experience in automotive or software industry</span> </li><li><span>Solid understanding of embedded systems</span> </li><li><span>Knowledge in C/C++, Python or similar</span> </li></ul>

## Why us?

<ul><li>A chance to work on a new generation of infotainment systems, which will power millions of cars</li><li>An international, interdisciplinary innovation lab, which is part of the Mercedes Benz AG</li><li>Agile working methods and open feedback culture</li><li>A brand new modern and fully accessible office facing the Spree</li><li>Flexible working hours</li></ul>

## Interested?

We look forward to receiving your complete application, including CV (in English or German) and relevant references with the following information:<br><ul><li> Job title and reference number</li><li> Salary expectations</li><li> Earliest start date</li></ul>We would like to encourage people with health impairments to apply to our jobs! Our building and work places offer the possibilities to adjust to different employee requirements.