<p>We’re designing the future of teamwork. Asana’s mission is to enable the world’s teams to work together effortlessly — and our Design organization is central to that mission. We’re an inclusive and collaborative community of product, brand, and content designers who turn research, data insights, and customer feedback into human-centered experiences used by millions of people.</p>
<p>We’re looking for a seasoned Design Manager who is excited by our mission of designing the future of teamwork. With teams across the globe using Asana, our work has only just begun. Join us on a journey to drive clarity for teams, individuals, and executives. As designers, we streamline how teams get work done in more efficient, effective, and delightful ways — making it as simple as possible for teams big and small to realize the value of Asana.</p>
<p>As a crucial member of the Experiences extended leadership team, you’ll help shape our rapidly expanding Warsaw design hub while owning high-impact teams and initiatives across Mobile. This is a rare opportunity to lead designers working on strategic, executive-facing workflows and the surfaces that bring Asana to life on every device.</p>
<p>This role is based in our Warsaw office with an office-centric hybrid schedule. The standard in-office days are Monday, Tuesday, and Thursday. Most Asanas have the option to work from home on Wednesdays. Working from home on Fridays depends on the type of work you do, and your recruiter can share more about the in-office requirements.</p>
<p><strong>Our employees in Poland are employed under a contract of employment.</strong></p>
<p><strong>What you’ll achieve:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Grow, mentor, and lead a talented team of product designers in our Warsaw office.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Partner with cross-functional partners to establish vision, strategy, experimental approach, metrics, and goals for the Core product.</li>
<li>Help define design strategy and objectives and set the vision for the user experience to meet customer and business needs.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Guide your team, oversee multiple work-streams, and connect dots between cross-org products to deliver a cohesive customer experience.</li>
<li>Be the champion for product excellence.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>About you:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Demonstrates curiosity about AI tools and emerging technologies, with a willingness to learn and leverage them to enhance productivity, collaboration, or decision-making</li>
<li>8+ years experience in product design and 3+ years in a people management role.</li>
<li>A strong portfolio showcasing a track record of design leadership in shaping complex and well-crafted products.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Prolific system thinker who can connect the dots between technical concepts and layered customer needs.&nbsp;</li>
<li>An effective storyteller and strong strategic distiller who can drive shared understanding by helping make complex systems easy to understand.</li>
<li>Experience designing enterprise products.</li>
<li>Demonstrated curiosity about AI tools and emerging technologies, with a willingness to learn and leverage them to enhance productivity, collaboration, or decision-making.</li>
</ul>
<p>At Asana, we're committed to building teams that include a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, and skills, as this is critical to helping us achieve our mission. If you're interested in this role and don't meet every listed requirement, we still encourage you to apply.</p>
<p><strong>What we’ll offer:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Generous, transparent and fair compensation system</li>
<li>Contract of Employment (<strong>and the option of </strong>&nbsp;<strong>50% tax deductible costs for author’s rights usage in respect of&nbsp; applicable roles )&nbsp;</strong></li>
<li>Health insurance with dental and travel coverage (Lux Med)&nbsp;</li>
<li>Meals reimbursement on the days that you work from the office</li>
<li>Career growth budget&nbsp;</li>
<li>Home office setup budget&nbsp;</li>
<li>Gym/Fitness reimbursement</li>
<li>Fertility healthcare and family-forming support with <a href="https://www.get-carrot.com/">Carrot</a></li>
<li>Mental Health Support in Modern Health</li>
<li>Group life insurance</li>
<li>MacBooks with all necessary accessories</li>
</ul>
<p>For this role, the estimated base salary range is between 34,000 - 43,000 PLN gross per month (subject to all taxes and necessary deductions). The actual base salary will vary based on various factors, including market and individual qualifications objectively assessed during the interview process. The listed range above is a guideline, and the base salary range for this role may be modified.</p>
<p>In addition to base salary, your compensation package may include additional components such as equity and sales incentive pay (for most sales roles), and benefits. If you're interviewing for this role, speak with your Talent Acquisition Partner to learn more about the total compensation and benefits for this role.</p>
<p>#LI-Hybrid #LI-LB1</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>About us</strong></p>
<p data-pm-slice="1 1 []">Asana is a leading platform for human + AI collaboration. Millions of teams around the world rely on Asana to achieve their most important goals, faster. Asana has been named to Fortune's Best Workplaces for 7+ years and recognized by Fast Company, Forbes, and Gartner for excellence in workplace culture and innovation. We offer an exceptional office-centric culture while adopting the best elements of hybrid models to ensure that every one of our global team members can work together effortlessly. With 13+ offices all over the world, we are always looking for individuals who care about building technology that drives positive change in the world and a culture where everyone feels that they belong.</p>
<p data-pm-slice="1 1 []"><strong><a class="LinkThemeablePresentation LinkPrimaryPresentation LinkPrimaryPresentation--sentimentSelected PrimaryLink HighlightSol HighlightSol--core HighlightSol--buildingBlock" href="https://www.gem.com/form?formID=fbcdec8c-3442-43b9-9b45-d2b5f4ea25db" target="\_blank">Join Asana’s Talent Network</a></strong>&nbsp;to stay up to date on job opportunities and life at Asana.</p></div>