<p>Canonical is a leading provider of open source software and operating systems to the global enterprise and technology markets. Our platform, Ubuntu, is very widely used in breakthrough enterprise initiatives such as public cloud, data science, AI, engineering innovation, and IoT. Our customers include the world's leading public cloud and silicon providers, and industry leaders in many sectors. The company is a pioneer of global distributed collaboration, with 1200+ colleagues in 75+ countries and very few office-based roles. Teams meet two to four times yearly in person, in interesting locations around the world, to align on strategy and execution.</p>
<p>The company is founder-led, profitable, and growing.</p>
<p>Canonical is a remote-first global company that publishes Ubuntu and open-source enterprise solutions for cloud, developer, IoT and AI. Ubuntu is the fastest growing Linux distribution and ranks as the number #1 OS&nbsp; in the cloud.</p>
<p>In partnership with Google, Amazon, IBM and Microsoft, Canonical helps companies become more agile, productive and adopt new technologies faster. Examples of customer success include AI, Blockchain, IoT, Advanced Robotics and self-driving cars, where Ubuntu is the preferred development platform.</p>
<p><strong>The role of a Business Development Representative at Canonical</strong></p>
<p>Canonical is profitable and growing. We consider our sales development organization to be the best technology sales academy in the market, and as such, we select exceptional and ambitious candidates to join our team. You will enjoy this role if you are organized, persistent, charismatic and hard-working. You will need to be interested in tech and its business implications. In this role, you will collaborate with a regional sales and marketing team, and your primary objective will be to find customer projects that fit our product lines and spread the good name of Canonical across multiple different industries and geographies.</p>
<p>&nbsp;Click <a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FTMaesnL8LM">HERE</a> to watch our SDR team discuss their role in Canonical</p>
<p><strong>The role entails</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Execute outbound sales &amp; marketing campaigns</li>
<li>Research information about prospective customers and market trends&nbsp;</li>
<li>Generate high-quality leads for Senior Sellers to fuel a multi-million dollar pipeline</li>
<li>Own and close SMB opportunities within your designated territory</li>
<li>Collaborate across multiple teams and senior stakeholders to drive results&nbsp;</li>
<li>Help define the processes and policies for the team</li>
<li>Travel to events and conferences worldwide, presenting on booths and driving face-to-face marketing and sales opportunities</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>What we are looking for in you</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Demonstrated success in SDR or outbound sales, with a track record of exceeding annual quotas and consistently driving qualified pipeline growth</li>
<li>Experience navigating prospective accounts from and into a senior executive level to identify new customer opportunities</li>
<li>Experience in enterprise software or technology sales</li>
<li>Exceptional academic track record from both high school and university</li>
<li>Passion for business and technology</li>
<li>Commitment to continuous learning and improvement - curious, flexible, scientific</li>
<li>Creative problem solving and cross team collaboration</li>
<li>Professional written and spoken English with excellent presentation skills</li>
<li>Verbal and written communication and negotiation skills&nbsp;</li>
<li>Result driven with an over-achiever spirit</li>
<li>Persistence &amp; perseverance</li>
<li>Growth mindset - people from our team develop into all departments within the sales organization (Channel, IoT, Enterprise Sales, etc)</li>
<li>Ability to travel internationally twice a year for company events up to two weeks long</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>What we offer colleagues</strong></p>
<p>We consider geographical location, experience, and performance in shaping compensation worldwide. We revisit compensation annually (and more often for graduates and associates) to ensure we recognize outstanding performance. In addition to base pay, we offer a performance-driven annual bonus or commission. We provide all team members with additional benefits which reflect our values and ideals. We balance our programs to meet local needs and ensure fairness globally.</p>
<ul>
<li>Distributed work environment with twice-yearly team sprints in person</li>
<li>Personal learning and development budget of USD 2,000 per year</li>
<li>Annual compensation review</li>
<li>Recognition rewards</li>
<li>Annual holiday leave</li>
<li>Maternity and paternity leave</li>
<li>Team Member Assistance Program &amp; Wellness Platform</li>
<li>Opportunity to travel to new locations to meet colleagues</li>
<li>Priority Pass and travel upgrades for long-haul company events</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>About Canonical</strong></p>
<p>Canonical is a pioneering tech firm at the forefront of the global move to open source. As the company that publishes Ubuntu, one of the most important open-source projects and the platform for AI, IoT, and the cloud, we are changing the world of software. We recruit on a global basis and set a very high standard for people joining the company. We expect excellence; in order to succeed, we need to be the best at what we do. Most colleagues at Canonical have worked from home since our inception in 2004.​ Working here is a step into the future and will challenge you to think differently, work smarter, learn new skills, and raise your game.</p>
<p><strong>Canonical is an equal opportunity employer</strong></p>
<p>We are proud to foster a workplace free from discrimination. Diversity of experience, perspectives, and background create a better work environment and better products. <a href="https://canonical.com/careers/diversity/identity">Whatever your identity, we will give your application fair consideration.</a></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>#LI-remote&nbsp;</p>