<div class="content-intro"><p>Elastic, the Search AI Company, enables everyone to find the answers they need in real time, using all their data, at scale — unleashing the potential of businesses and people. The Elastic Search AI Platform, used by more than 50% of the Fortune 500, brings together the precision of search and the intelligence of AI to enable everyone to accelerate the results that matter. By taking advantage of all structured and unstructured data — securing and protecting private information more effectively — Elastic’s complete, cloud-based solutions for search, security, and observability help organizations deliver on the promise of AI.</p></div><p><strong>What is the Role:</strong></p>
<p>Elastic’s Professional Services team works across all of our technologies and systems to deliver solutions for our customers. Our Regional Services Partner is essential in the growth of our Services business and plays an important role in growing our practice. You will have ownership of our customer's journeys from pre-sales to launch while building trusted customer relationships, including C-level sponsors.</p>
<p>Principal Regional Services Partner must be a strategic problem solver with exceptional enterprise, commercial, and cross-functional skills, demonstrate high energy and have strong technical sales management experience.&nbsp;</p>
<h2><strong>What you will be doing:</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Evangelise Elastic’s ability to deliver business outcomes and our delivery methodology to our customers. Create a compelling vision and clearly communicate Elastic solutions with the goal of generating significant success and business value for the customer's investment in Elastic</li>
<li>Apply industry expertise and business insight to understand customer's motivation, business drivers, strategic goals and objectives, and desired business outcomes</li>
<li>Exceed growth and bookings targets, ensure organisational health, and drive customer satisfaction</li>
<li>Ability to create Enterprise services proposals, draft custom Scope of Work and engage customers, especially C-Level, using a consultative selling approach that positions Elastic and yourself as a long-term trusted advisor relationship</li>
<li>Develop and lead a territory plan and a personalized account plan for each customer, which aligns with their business goals.</li>
<li>Forecast accurately and timely, build a pipeline, and progress opportunities to deliver YOY growth</li>
<li>Form a strong relationship with the Sales, Customer Success organization, and regional Alliances/Partner organizations that are instrumental to success. You should be able to operate in a co-sell model, collaborate, and establish relationships</li>
<li>Participate in enhancing our service delivery methodology, services practice, and industry POV's</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>What you bring:</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>10+ years of consultative sales experience, consistently exceeding quotas across large enterprise accounts.</li>
<li>5+ years of experience in selling and delivering professional services within strategic consulting firms, large-scale system integrators, or professional services divisions of software organizations.</li>
<li>Proven track record to build, nurture, and maintain C-level relationships, earning recognition as a trusted advisor.</li>
<li>Strong track record in expanding key accounts and managing complex, multi-million-dollar pursuits.</li>
<li>Highly collaborative professional who thrives in complex, matrixed organizational structures.</li>
<li>Expertise in developing compelling responses to both functional and technical components of RFIs and RFPs.</li>
<li>Demonstrated project and account management capabilities with a focus on results and client satisfaction.</li>
<li>Exceptional teammate with outstanding interpersonal and communication skills.</li>
<li>Thrives in fast-paced, dynamic environments, maintaining composure and delivering excellence under pressure.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p><div class="content-conclusion"><h2><strong>Additional Information - We Take Care of Our People</strong></h2>
<p>As a distributed company, diversity drives our identity. Whether you’re looking to launch a new career or grow an existing one, Elastic is the type of company where you can balance great work with great life. Your age is only a number. It doesn’t matter if you’re just out of college or your children are; we need you for what you can do.</p>
<p>We strive to have parity of benefits across regions and while regulations differ from place to place, we believe taking care of our people is the right thing to do.</p>
<ul>
<li>Competitive pay based on the work you do here and not your previous salary</li>
<li>Health coverage for you and your family in many locations</li>
<li>Ability to craft your calendar with flexible locations and schedules for many roles</li>
<li>Generous number of vacation days each year</li>
<li>Increase your impact - We match up to $2000 (or local currency equivalent) for financial donations and service</li>
<li>Up to 40 hours each year to use toward volunteer projects you love</li>
<li>Embracing parenthood with minimum of 16 weeks of parental leave</li>
</ul>
<p>Different people approach problems differently. We need that. Elastic is an equal opportunity employer and is committed to creating an inclusive culture that celebrates different perspectives, experiences, and backgrounds. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, ethnicity, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender perception or identity, national origin, age, marital status, protected veteran status, disability status, or any other basis protected by federal, state or local law, ordinance or regulation.</p>
<p>We welcome individuals with disabilities and strive to create an accessible and inclusive experience for all individuals. To request an accommodation during the application or the recruiting process, please email <a href="mailto:candidate\_accessibility@elastic.co" target="\_blank">candidate\_accessibility@elastic.co</a><span class="gmail\_default">.</span>&nbsp;We will reply to your request within 24 business hours of submission.</p>
<p><span style="color: #000000;">Applicants have rights under Federal Employment Laws, view posters linked below:</span> <a href="https://www.dol.gov/sites/dolgov/files/WHD/legacy/files/fmlaen.pdf" target="\_blank">Family and Medical Leave Act (FMLA)</a> <span style="color: #000000;">Poster;</span><span style="color: #000000;">&nbsp;<a href="https://www.dol.gov/sites/dolgov/files/ofccp/pdf/pay-transp\_%20English\_formattedESQA508c.pdf" target="\_blank">Pay Transparency Nondiscrimination Provision</a> Poster; </span><a href="https://www.dol.gov/sites/dolgov/files/WHD/legacy/files/eppabw.pdf" target="\_blank">Employee Polygraph Protection Act (EPPA)</a> <span style="color: #000000;">Poster and <a href="https://www.dol.gov/sites/dolgov/files/OFCCP/regs/compliance/posters/pdf/22-088\_EEOC\_KnowYourRights.pdf" target="\_blank">Know Your Rights</a> (Poster)</span></p>
<p><span style="color: #000000;">Elasticsearch develops and distributes technology and information that is subject to U.S. and other countries’ export controls and licensing requirements for individuals who are located in or are nationals of the following sanctioned countries and regions: Belarus, Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Syria, or Russia, including the Ukrainian territories annexed by Russia (The Crimea region of Ukraine, The Donetsk People's Republic (DNR), The Luhansk People's Republic (LNR), Kherson or Zaporizhzhia). If you are located in or are a national of one of the listed countries or regions, an export license may be required as a condition of your employment in this role. Please note that national origin and/or nationality do not affect eligibility for employment with Elastic.</span></p>
<p>Please see&nbsp;<a href="https://www.elastic.co/legal/applicant-privacy-statement" target="\_blank" data-saferedirecturl="https://www.google.com/url?q=https://www.elastic.co/legal/applicant-privacy-statement&amp;source=gmail&amp;ust=1611068262479000&amp;usg=AFQjCNG3orAPk5sJIr9WVm0ZDxYw82c5DA">here</a>&nbsp;for our Privacy Statement.</p></div>