<div class="content-intro"><p>ZoomInfo is where careers accelerate. We move fast, think boldly, and empower you to do the best work of your life. You’ll be surrounded by teammates who care deeply, challenge each other, and celebrate wins. With tools that amplify your impact and a culture that backs your ambition, you won’t just contribute. You’ll make things happen–fast.</p></div><p>At ZoomInfo, we encourage creativity, value innovation, demand teamwork, expect accountability and cherish results. We value your take charge, take initiative, get stuff done attitude and will help you unlock your growth potential. One great choice can change everything. Thrive with us at ZoomInfo.</p>
<p><strong>What You'll Do :</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Develop and implement strategies to increase the adoption and usage of our suite of products, maximizing the return on investment for our customers.</li>
<li>Work closely with the Core Customer Success Manager on what engagement and outreach plays to deploy on assigned accounts.&nbsp;&nbsp;</li>
<li>Act as a liaison between customer success, technical teams, account managers, and other departments to ensure a cohesive adoption strategy. Facilitate communication and collaboration across teams to achieve adoption goals.</li>
<li>Establish trusted advisor relationships with key stakeholders to increase product adoption within the customer organization and assist the customer success manager and the account manager drive value.</li>
<li>Closely manage and nurture accounts to identify and eliminate the risk of attrition due to poor product usage. Ensure customers are aware of and educated on new features and releases.</li>
<li>Monitor and identify adoption and utilization trends, providing recommendations based on risk and customers' business needs.</li>
<li>Work across other internal teams (Customer Success, Customer Support, Delivery, Integrations, Onboarding) to support customer requests and drive a cohesive adoption strategy.</li>
<li>Capture customer feedback clearly and communicate it internally to enable ongoing improvement of products and services.</li>
<li>Maintain extensive product knowledge across all Zoominfo product lines to effectively demonstrate the product and craft solutions for customers' business needs.</li>
<li>Develop scalable programs and playbooks to drive feature adoption and expand product usage.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>What You Bring:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>3 to 5 years of relevant experience in customer success, technical account management, or solutions engineering in B2B SaaS</li>
<li>Willing to work in Night Shift - 5 PM IST to 2 AM IST / 7 PM IST to 4 AM IST</li>
<li>Strong analytical skills with experience using data to drive decision-making and strategy</li>
<li>Proficiency with customer success platforms, CRMs, analytics tools, and marketing automation software</li>
<li>Excellent written and verbal communication skills, with the ability to translate complex concepts for various audiences</li>
<li>Knowing how to manage data quality in CRMs is a plus.</li>
<li>Self-starter with the ability to work independently and drive results in a fast-paced environment</li>
<li>Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or a similar discipline</li>
<li>Familiarity with product management concepts and Agile methodologies is a plus</li>
<li>Having a business education is a plus.</li>
<li>This is a Hybrid role - Three Days work from office and Two Days work from Home</li>
</ul>
<p></p>
<section class="account-page\_\_wrapper page-layout page-layout--primary-panel-workspace page-layout--large" data-test-settings-wrapper="" data-test-page-layout="">
<div class="page-layout\_\_grid-container">
<div class="page-layout\_\_workspace" data-test-page-layout-workspace="">
<div class="account-page-workspace-content" data-test-account-page-workspace="" data-artdeco-is-focused="true">
<div class="setting-container">
<div class="setting-group" data-test-promotion-settings-page="">
<div class="setting-group\_\_list">
<div class="ember-view setting-group-item promotion-settings-page\_\_item" data-test-selector="setting-group-item">
<div class="setting-item-core\_\_grid-container" data-test-setting-item="form-closed" data-test-promotion-tag-setting="" data-live-test-promotion-tag-setting="" data-live-test-setting-item="">
<div class="setting-item-core\_\_right-pane">
<div class="ember-view setting-item-core\_\_state t-14 t-black--light" data-test-selector="setting-item-core-state" data-test-promotion-tag-setting-state="">#LI-VG3</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</section>
<section class=""></section>
<div id="ember267" class="ember-view messaging-side-panel\_\_overlay"></div>
<div class="ember-view messaging-side-panel\_\_overlay">#LI-Hybrid</div>
<p></p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>About us:</strong>&nbsp;</p>
<p>ZoomInfo (NASDAQ: GTM) is the Go-To-Market Intelligence Platform that empowers businesses to grow faster with AI-ready insights, trusted data, and advanced automation. Its solutions provide more than 35,000 companies worldwide with a complete view of their customers, making every seller their best seller.</p>
<p>ZoomInfo is committed to protecting your privacy when you apply for jobs with us. Please review our Job Applicant <a href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1yiG-k0YX\_sW10PiJk\_xliDc3W-veJCrK/view?usp=drive\_link">Privacy Notice</a> for more details on how we handle your personal information.</p>
<p>ZoomInfo may use a software-based assessment as part of the recruitment process. More information about this tool, including the results of the most recent bias audit, is available <a href="https://www.zoominfo.com/legal/nyc-local-law-144-notice">here</a>.</p>
<p>ZoomInfo is proud to be an equal opportunity employer, hiring based on qualifications, merit, and business needs, and does not discriminate based on protected status. We welcome all applicants and are committed to providing equal employment opportunities regardless of sex, race, age, color, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, disability status, religion, protected military or veteran status, medical condition, or any other characteristic protected by applicable law. We also consider qualified candidates with criminal histories in accordance with legal requirements.</p>
<p>For Massachusetts Applicants: It is unlawful in Massachusetts to require or administer a lie detector test as a condition of employment or continued employment. An employer who violates this law shall be subject to criminal penalties and civil liability. ZoomInfo does not administer lie detector tests to applicants in any location.</p></div>