<p><strong>About Stripe</strong></p>
<p>Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies—from the world’s largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyone’s reach while doing the most important work of your career.</p>
<p><strong>About the team</strong></p>
<p>As Stripe’s user base and global footprint grows dramatically, we have distinctly unique support problems resulting from both our type of scale and the type of businesses we partner with. The Stripe Delivery Center (SDC) strategy will provide operational leverage and expand Stripe’s portfolio of operational capabilities to support the scaled needs for external users and internal Stripe teams.<br><br></p>
<p>This role will be part of the Marketing Operations in SDC that is accountable for the production and delivery of all aspects of email demand and lead generation activities, lead nurturing, and conversion programs.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>What you’ll do</strong></p>
<p>We are looking for someone who is passionate about Marketing Automation and is naturally curious, and is comfortable operating in ambiguity and finding creative solutions. You will be responsible for the delivery of repeatable, measurable programs/campaigns that focus on highly qualified leads, improve the customer experience, and increase retention.<br><br></p>
<p><strong>Responsibilities&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Build, test and launch complex email and nurture campaigns in Marketo</li>
<li>Perform test runs and quality control with strong attention to detail</li>
<li>Conduct advanced A/B testing on email and landing page assets and, suggest testing opportunities</li>
<li>Identify gaps in our marketing automation infrastructure and work cross functionally to address them (ex. Program structure inefficiencies, process flaws, etc)</li>
<li>Scope, manage and deliver email campaigns from intake to execution</li>
<li>Create Marketo programs to support email sends, landing pages, and form processing</li>
<li>Maintain a library of core assets such as images, files, links, and program templates</li>
<li>Ensure reportability of email marketing campaign results</li>
<li>Create database queries and smart lists; manage audiences &amp; segmentations</li>
<li>Maintain and optimize email marketing processes</li>
<li>Align with central and regional Marketing Operation team members on process, workflows, policies, execution and enablement</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Who you are</strong></p>
<p>We’re looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.</p>
<p><strong>Minimum requirements</strong></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>3+ years of experience in email marketing, production and execution within a Digital marketing or marketing operations organization</li>
<li>Strong track record using marketing automation tools;<strong> Marketo a must</strong></li>
<li>Solid analytical skills and a strong understanding of technical concepts</li>
<li>Experienced in HTML and CSS concepts (email and web)</li>
<li>Strong service orientation and attention to detail</li>
<li>Able to manage multiple stakeholders and priorities simultaneously</li>
<li>Solid project management and organizational skills</li>
<li>Able to work cross functionally and globally</li>
<li>Excellent written and verbal communication skills</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>