<div class="content-intro"><p><strong data-stringify-type="bold">Why work at Nebius<br></strong>Nebius is leading a new era in cloud computing to serve the global AI economy. We create the tools and resources our customers need to solve real-world challenges and transform industries, without massive infrastructure costs or the need to build large in-house AI/ML teams. Our employees work at the cutting edge of AI cloud infrastructure alongside some of the most experienced and innovative leaders and engineers in the field.</p>
<p><strong>Where we work<br></strong>Headquartered in Amsterdam and listed on Nasdaq, Nebius has a global footprint with R&amp;D hubs across Europe, North America, and Israel. The team of over 1400 employees includes more than 400 highly skilled engineers with deep expertise across hardware and software engineering, as well as an in-house AI R&amp;D team.</p></div><p><strong>The Role:</strong></p>
<p>We are looking for a Senior Technical Program Manager to join the Cloud Platform execution office team. The team mainly focuses on scaling the Nebius Cloud Platform (both in number of regions and their size) and supporting new generations of hardware. But,when needed also projects from other domains that require wide cross-team coordination and deep knowledge of the Platform from different perspectives.</p>
<p>In this role, you will manage large-scale projects influencing the Nebius Cloud Platform as a whole, with up to hundreds of engineers and other stakeholders (both from technical and business departments) involved. You will have to understand and reconcile the needs of the Cloud Platform team, Data center &amp; Hardware team, Sales and other customer-facing teams, etc.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Furthermore, you will:</strong></p>
<ul class="f3e42a7e b03c18e6">
<li>Initiate and coordinate cross-team projects, set and communicate goals and timelines</li>
<li>initiate and facilitate decision-making and changes, both procedural and technical</li>
<li>Meet challenging deadlines despite conflicting priorities</li>
<li>Introduce new processes and make them reproducible</li>
<li>Align needs and interests of the stakeholders up to C-level.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong><br>Requirements:</strong></p>
<ul class="f3e42a7e b03c18e6">
<li>10+ years as a Technical Project / Program Manager of cross-team projects or Staff Architect working with large teams (20+). Preferably a few years as SWE.</li>
<li>Strong technical knowledge (SW architecture, infrastructure technologies)</li>
<li>Analytical mindset and skills; SQL/Python/shell scripting</li>
<li>Excellent communicator, both spoken and written</li>
<li>Knowledge of recent advances in hardware (GPUs, CPUs, Networking etc) is a plus</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>What we offer</strong>&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>Competitive salary and comprehensive benefits package.</li>
<li>Opportunities for professional growth within Nebius.</li>
<li>Flexible working arrangements.</li>
<li>A dynamic and collaborative work environment that values initiative and innovation.</li>
</ul>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">We’re growing and expanding our products every day. If you’re up to the challenge and are excited about AI and ML as much as we are, join us!</span></p></div>