Founded in 2013, Voodoo is a tech company that creates mobile games and apps with a mission to entertain the world. Gathering 800 employees, 7 billion downloads, and over 200 million active users, Voodoo is the #3 mobile publisher worldwide in terms of downloads after Google and Meta. Our portfolio includes chart-topping games like Mob Control and Block Jam, alongside popular apps such as BeReal and Wizz.

**Team**

The CEO Staff team is a small, high-performing team working on the most strategic topics at Voodoo. We operate at the intersection of entrepreneurship, innovation, and execution, tackling high-impact initiatives that shape the company’s future.

We are looking for an Executive Assistant to perform a variety of administrative tasks and provide support for our Chief Executive Officer.

## Role

- Agenda Management: Organization and coordination of a complex schedule in collaboration with various internal and external stakeholders.
- Anticipation and Monitoring: Tracking the company’s strategic developments to best support the CEO.
- Strategic and Operational Support: Acting as a facilitator to optimize time management and priorities.
- Communication and Coordination: Ensuring smooth communication between the CEO, teams, and external stakeholders.
- Close Collaboration: Working in tandem with the CEO’s Personal Assistant for optimal priority management.
- Engagement with Leadership: Close collaboration with C-level executives, the Chief of Staff, and executive assistants.

## Profile

- Proven experience in supporting an Executive Committee (COMEX) or General Management
- Bilingual in English and French (written and spoken)
- Ability to work independently and manage priorities
- Proficiency in IT tools and new technologies
- Adaptability and ability to handle unexpected situations
- Ability to handle sensitive information with absolute confidentiality and discretion
- Strong personality, resilience, and ability to perform under pressure
- Excellent presentation and sharp communication skills

## Benefits

- Competitive salary
- Premium healthcare (SideCare) for you and your family 100% borne by Voodoo
- Swile Lunch voucher
- Gymlib (100% borne by Voodoo)
- Wellness activities in our Paris office
- Remote days
- Child daycare facilities (Les Petits Chaperons rouges)