<p><span style="font-size: 10pt;"><strong>This is Adyen</strong></span></p>
<p><span style="font-size: 10pt;">Adyen provides payments, data, and financial products in a single solution for customers like Meta, Uber, H&amp;M, and Microsoft - making us the financial technology platform of choice. At Adyen, everything we do is engineered for ambition.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-size: 10pt;">For our teams, we create an environment with opportunities for our people to succeed, backed by the culture and support to ensure they are enabled to truly own their careers. We are motivated individuals who tackle unique technical challenges at scale and solve them as a team. Together, we deliver innovative and ethical solutions that help businesses achieve their ambitions faster.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-size: 10pt;"><strong>Java Software Engineer&nbsp;</strong></span></p>
<p><span style="font-size: 10pt;">Since building our platform from scratch, our engineers have been continuously reshaping the financial technology landscape. Due to our rapid growth, we design everything with scalability in mind. We solve real problems for our clients, creating new functionalities and building impactful solutions to help them grow.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-size: 10pt;">As an engineer, you will be responsible for the full development cycle from designing your software to testing and ensuring everything works as expected after deployment in a weekly release. You will work with one of the biggest PostgreSQL databases out there, while writing your own queries and ensuring they fit within our low-latency API landscape.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-size: 10pt;"><strong>What You'll Do</strong></span></p>
<ul>
<li style="font-size: 10pt;"><span style="font-size: 10pt;">You will build and maintain our distributed high-performance platform</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 10pt;"><span style="font-size: 10pt;">You will be part of a diverse and inclusive team</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 10pt;"><span style="font-size: 10pt;">We launch fast and iterate often. Concretely, this means that within your first few weeks, you will bring code live that impacts many businesses and shoppers</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 10pt;"><span style="font-size: 10pt;">You will be fully responsible from its initial design to bringing new functionality live</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 10pt;"><span style="font-size: 10pt;">Identify and improve parts of the platform to make it more robust and scalable</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 10pt;"><span style="font-size: 10pt;">Collaborate across teams and time zones to make things happen, review code and be open to feedback</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 10pt;"><span style="font-size: 10pt;">As an engineer you will helping our core financial data processes and working on our finance infrastructure, to keep it scalable, reliable and secure</span></li>
</ul>
<p><span style="font-size: 10pt;"><strong>Who you are:</strong></span></p>
<ul>
<li style="font-size: 10pt;"><span style="font-size: 10pt;">You have 5+ years of experience working with object-oriented programming languages (JAVA)</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 10pt;"><span style="font-size: 10pt;">You are flexible, a team player, someone with an eye for detail</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 10pt;"><span style="font-size: 10pt;">You are able to take ownership, lead a project and enjoy writing testable code</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 10pt;"><span style="font-size: 10pt;">You have excellent communication skills and the ability to articulate complex, technical concepts</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 10pt;"><span style="font-size: 10pt;">As we operate in a global setting, you need to be proficient in English; any other language is a plus</span></li>
</ul>
<p><span style="font-size: 10pt;">Our Tech Stack: Java 17, Web Services (RESTful) and SQL/PostgreSQL using MyBatis (ORM), Tomcat, Gradle, CockroachDB and Elasticsearch&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-size: 10pt;"><strong>Our Diversity, Equity and Inclusion commitments&nbsp;</strong></span></p>
<p><span style="font-size: 10pt;">Our unique approach is a product of our diverse perspectives. This diversity of backgrounds and cultures is essential in helping us maintain our momentum. Our business and technical challenges are unique, and we need as many different voices as possible to join us in solving them - voices like yours. No matter who you are or where you’re from, we welcome you to be your true self at Adyen.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-size: 10pt;">Studies show that women and members of underrepresented communities apply for jobs only if they meet 100% of the qualifications. Does this sound like you? If so, Adyen encourages you to reconsider and apply. We look forward to your application!</span></p>
<p><span style="font-size: 10pt;"><strong>What’s next?</strong></span></p>
<p><span style="font-size: 10pt;">Ensuring a smooth and enjoyable candidate experience is critical for us. We aim to get back to you regarding your application within 5 business days. Our interview process tends to take about 4 weeks to complete, but may fluctuate depending on the role. <a href="https://careers.adyen.com/how-we-hire">Learn more about our hiring process here</a>. Don’t be afraid to let us know if you need more flexibility.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-size: 10pt;">This role is based out of our Bengaluru office. We are an office-first company and value in-person collaboration; we do not offer remote-only roles.</span></p>