<div class="content-intro"><p><strong>COMPANY OVERVIEW</strong></p>
<p>KKR is a leading global investment firm that offers alternative asset management as well as capital markets and insurance solutions. KKR aims to generate attractive investment returns by following a patient and disciplined investment approach, employing world-class people, and supporting growth in its portfolio companies and communities. KKR sponsors investment funds that invest in private equity, credit and real assets and has strategic partners that manage hedge funds. KKR’s insurance subsidiaries offer retirement, life and reinsurance products under the management of Global Atlantic Financial Group. References to KKR’s investments may include the activities of its sponsored funds and insurance subsidiaries.</p></div><p>KKR's Gurugram office provides best-in-class business operations services and solutions to our internal stakeholders and clients, drives organization-wide process efficiency and transformation, and reflects KKR's global culture and values of teamwork and innovation. The office contains multifunctional business capabilities and is integral in furthering the growth and transformation of KKR. The office was established with an initial concentration of finance, operations, and technology personnel, followed by the expansion of additional functions and capabilities. KKR’s creation of a Gurugram office builds upon the firm's momentum in India and bolsters its existing presence in Mumbai.</p>
<p>KKR’s Finance team oversees the firm’s credit, accounting and reporting matters to produce analytical insights that drive business decisions and long-term success. The team is responsible for designing efficient frameworks through internal and external data and reports to understand the market environment and business dynamics and implement best practices. The team also collaborates closely with KKR’s Legal and Compliance team to ensure compliance and accurate reporting and performance of our corporate tax entities related to our investment funds. The Finance team also functions as a support for clients, from onboarding to investor communications and overall relationship management across all asset class, as well as responding to any ad-hoc tax-related requests.</p>
<p><strong>TEAM OVERVIEW</strong></p>
<p>Finance supports the strategic direction of the Firm by ensuring efficient and effective financial planning, analysis, budgeting, reporting, compliance, accounting, and stewardship of financial risks and controls. By doing so, we produce accurate financial information for decision making, ensure compliance with financial regulations and policies, and provide leadership for operational improvements, cost savings and strategic investments that align with the Firm’s culture and long-term goals.</p>
<p><strong>POSITION SUMMARY</strong></p>
<p>The role is responsible for the preparation, analysis, and dissemination of financial and operational information for the credit funds.</p>
<p><strong>ROLES &amp; RESPONSIBILITIES</strong></p>
<p><strong>Operational Excellence</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Prepare, analyze, and disseminate financial and operational information for the KKR credit funds</li>
<li>Manage the fund's capital call and distribution processes, including journal entries and investor allocation. Record receipt of cash collections related to capital activity.</li>
<li>Collect and analyze financial data from various sources and prepare periodic reports for investors and stakeholders</li>
<li>Calculate the fund's performance and financial position</li>
<li>Ensure the reports are accurate, complete, and in compliance with regulatory requirements.</li>
<li>Create journal entries for quarterly activity within Investran</li>
<li>Review and maintain data for NAV, commitment &amp; uncalled commitment at the investor level</li>
<li>Extract trial balance and general ledgers for Geneva close packages for month-end close</li>
<li>Prepare distribution journal entries based on the distribution tracker and record within accounting system</li>
<li>Preparation of quarterly estimates for portfolio performance</li>
<li>Review, format and upload monthly fund close entries impacting assets, liabilities, income and expenses extracted from portfolio tracking system to accounting system</li>
<li>Detail review deliverables prepared by Professionals and Senior Professionals on a monthly and quarterly basis</li>
<li>Serve and act as liaison between Gurugram and San Francisco/Dublin credit funds team members</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Stakeholder Management</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Collaborate with members of the credit fund team to gather and review relevant data for reporting purposes</li>
<li>Collaborate with internal teams to ensure that reports accurately reflect the fund's activities and performance</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Reporting &amp; Governance</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Prepare regulatory filings (i.e. Form PF, ADV, CIMA FAR) for specific credit fund entities</li>
<li>Prepare quarterly and annual financials in accordance with US GAAP and/or IFRS</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>QUALIFICATIONS</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Bachelor’s Degree in Commerce or equivalent work experience required</li>
<li>Accounting certification such as Chartered Accountant / CPA preferred</li>
<li>6-9 years of experience in fund reporting, accounting or finance</li>
<li>Strong understanding of credit fund operations and a proven track record in financial reporting and analysis</li>
<li>Knowledge of fund accounting principles and the ability to maintain accurate and complete capital account records</li>
<li>Experience in preparing regular financial reports for credit funds, including NAV, performance reports, and presentations</li>
<li>Knowledge of relevant laws and regulations governing credit funds and the ability to ensure compliance with all relevant requirements</li>
<li>Ability to perform complex financial analysis and demonstrate strong analytical skills</li>
<li>Proficiency in financial reporting software and systems, such as Investran, etc.</li>
<li>Ability to manage large amounts of data accurately and efficiently</li>
<li>Ability to manage multiple projects simultaneously and meet deadlines in a fast-paced environment</li>
<li>Systems/ Tools/ Application knowledge:</li>
<li>Knowledge of Geneva</li>
<li>Highly proficient in MS Excel</li>
<li>Investran</li>
<li>Displays high intellectual curiosity and innovative mindset</li>
<li>Demonstrates highest levels of integrity</li>
<li>Focuses on delivery excellence and accountability</li>
<li>Builds strong relationships with local and global colleagues</li>
<li>Displays behaviors of self-reliance</li>
<li>Demonstrates a relationship-driven mindset</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><p>KKR is an equal opportunity employer.&nbsp; Individuals seeking employment are considered without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, veteran status, sexual orientation, or any other category protected by applicable law.</p>
<p>KKR will provide reasonable accommodations as required by applicable federal, state, and/or local laws. Individuals seeking an accommodation for the application or interview process should email&nbsp;<a href="mailto:Benefits@kkr.com">Benefits@kkr.com</a>. Emails sent for unrelated issues, such as following up on an application, will not receive a response.</p>
<p>If you are a qualified individual with a disability or a disabled veteran, you may request a reasonable accommodation if you are unable or limited in your ability to use or access&nbsp;<a href="https://www.kkr.com/careers" data-saferedirecturl="https://www.google.com/url?q=https://www.kkr.com/careers&amp;source=gmail&amp;ust=1774021690220000&amp;usg=AOvVaw1AG2WRszai8PfCsE-FH5EJ">https://www.kkr.com/careers</a>&nbsp;because of your disability. You can request reasonable accommodations by sending an email to&nbsp;<a href="mailto:Benefits@kkr.com">Benefits@kkr.com</a>. Only emails left for this purpose will be returned.</p>
<p><strong>Massachusetts Applicants:</strong>&nbsp;It is unlawful in Massachusetts to require or administer a lie detector test as a condition of employment or continued employment. An employer who violates this law shall be subject to criminal penalties and civil liability. This notice&nbsp;applies only&nbsp;to applicants and employees who work or will work in Massachusetts, in accordance with applicable state law.</p></div>