<p>Are you fascinated by the chance to make a real impact on millions of Ubuntu users? We are looking for a passionate Linux kernel engineer to join our team and help us bring Ubuntu to the next generation of hardware. In this role, you will be responsible for developing and maintaining high-quality kernel support for a wide range of hardware devices. You will also work with upstream developers and driver vendors to integrate the latest hardware support into Ubuntu.</p>
<p>This role presents an exciting opportunity for an engineer to leverage their software engineering skills on cutting-edge hardware. We collaborate with world-leading OEM partners to deliver Ubuntu on their next generation of laptops, desktops, and workstations. You will tackle complex issues spanning a wide range of consumer components, from Wi-Fi and Thunderbolt docks to BIOS and UEFI. Additionally, you will face challenges in achieving optimal power efficiency and performance.</p>
<p>You will have the chance to explore the latest architecture and platform technologies from Intel, AMD and other silicon vendors, enabling them in Ubuntu and ultimately delivering them to the world. As part of this position, you will be expected to closely collaborate with upstream kernel maintainers and hardware vendors in analysing root causes, developing fixes, and submitting patches for review.<br>&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;</p>
<p><strong id="docs-internal-guid-5d9a1351-7fff-3bad-5a06-08b7e00e4451">Location:&nbsp;</strong>This is a role based in either our Taipei, Taiwan or Beijing, China offices.<strong id="docs-internal-guid-5d9a1351-7fff-3bad-5a06-08b7e00e4451">&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;</strong></p>
<h2><span style="font-weight: 400;">What your day will look like</span></h2>
<ul>
<li>Collaborate regularly and proactively with a globally distributed team&nbsp;</li>
<li>Work closely with external silicon and hardware manufacturer delivery teams on bleeding edge Desktop, Laptop, and Server platforms</li>
<li>Diagnose and resolve issues in the kernel reported by QA, customers and the community</li>
<li>Enable new Linux kernel features as requested by customers</li>
<li>Submit, review, and apply kernel patches, working with both internal and external upstream maintainers</li>
</ul>
<h2><span style="font-weight: 400;">What we are looking for in you</span></h2>
<ul>
<li>Well-organised, self-starting and able to deliver to fixed schedules</li>
<li>Demonstrated ability to present oneself in a professional manner when interacting with colleagues, business partners, and the open source community</li>
<li>Ability to communicate effectively in English, both written and oral</li>
<li>Significant programming experience in C, with Python and Bash scripting also highly regarded</li>
<li>Solid background with git</li>
<li>Knowledge of the Linux kernel and kernel subsystems</li>
<li>Demonstrated experience with kernel patching and debugging</li>
<li>Knowledge/experience with Linux kernel upstream processes and release cycle</li>
<li>Strong grasp of device drivers, BSP’s, and other low level system engineering</li>
<li>Prior experience with Ubuntu/Debian/Snap packaging would be highly regarded</li>
<li>Knowledge of ACPI and UEFI is desirable</li>
<li>Willing to travel globally up to 4 times a year for internal and external engineering events.</li>
</ul>
<h2><span style="font-weight: 400;">What we offer you</span></h2>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Your base pay will depend on various factors including your geographical location, level of experience, knowledge and skills. In addition to the benefits above, certain roles are also eligible for additional benefits and rewards including annual bonuses and sales incentives based on revenue or utilisation. Our compensation philosophy is to ensure equity right across our global workforce.&nbsp;&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">In addition to a competitive base pay, we provide all team members with additional benefits, which reflect our values and ideals. Please note that additional benefits may apply depending on the work location and, for more information on these, you can ask in the later stages of the recruitment process.</span></p>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Personal learning and development budget of 2,000USD per annum</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Annual compensation review</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Recognition rewards</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Annual holiday leave</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Parental Leave</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Employee Assistance Programme</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Opportunity to travel to new locations to meet colleagues at ‘sprints’</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Priority Pass for travel and travel upgrades for long haul company events</span></li>
</ul>
<h2><span style="font-weight: 400;">About Canonical</span></h2>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Canonical is a pioneering tech firm that is at the forefront of the global move to open source. As the company that publishes Ubuntu, one of the most important open source projects and the platform for AI, IoT and the cloud, we are changing the world on a daily basis. We recruit on a global basis and set a very high standard for people joining the company. We expect excellence - in order to succeed, we need to be the best at what we do.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Canonical has been a remote-first company since its inception in 2004.​ Work at Canonical is a step into the future, and will challenge you to think differently, work smarter, learn new skills, and raise your game. Canonical provides a unique window into the world of 21st-century digital business.</span></p>
<h2><span style="font-weight: 400;">Canonical is an equal opportunity employer</span></h2>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are proud to foster a workplace free from discrimination. Diversity of experience, perspectives, and background create a better work environment and better products. </span><a href="https://canonical.com/careers/diversity/identity"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Whatever your identity, we will give your application fair consideration.</span></a></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>