<div class="p-rich\_text\_section">The Product team is building a low-friction way to validate digital IDs and reliably connect the physical and digital worlds. Our team is highly collaborative, working closely with clients and across multiple functions to bring different perspectives together in creating the best possible solutions.</div>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section">
<p>As the Senior Product Manager for End-User Flow Client, you will co-own the most visible part of Veriff’s product: the journey of our end-users. You will sit at the intersection of Enterprise Growth and Platform Scalability.</p>
<p>Your mission is to balance the "now" (bespoke requests from Tier 1 customers) with the "forever" (a modular platform that scales). You will turn one-off customizations into horizontal capabilities, ensuring that every flow remains coherent, high-performing, and easy to optimize.</p>
<h3>What You’ll Do</h3>
<ul>
<li>Own SDK implementation work for our End-User flows: tier 1 customers’ customizations, vertical enablement, portfolio teams requests</li>
<li>Strategic Prioritization: Act as the primary point of contact for Portfolio PMs and Product Leaders to align our Verticals and Tier 1 customer requests with Veriff’s overarching revenue goals and product roadmap.</li>
<li>Enterprise Partnership: Work closely with largest global customers to understand their unique flow requirements and translate them into actionable product.</li>
<li>Scale vs. Customization: Support our Vertical managers to identify industry level signals and build horizontal platform features with the support of our Platform team. You’ll decide when to build a bespoke fix and when to invest in a scalable platform capability.</li>
<li>Optimization &amp; Growth: Introduce and institutionalize systematic A/B testing within the user journey to improve conversion rates and user experience across all customized flows.</li>
<li>Flow Coherence: Guard the integrity of the Veriff user experience. You will ensure that despite deep customization, the product remains intuitive, compliant, and technically sound.</li>
<li>Cross-Functional Leadership: Lead a dedicated squad of engineers and designers, fostering a culture of data-driven decision-making and rapid iteration.</li>
</ul>
<h3>Who You Are</h3>
<ul>
<li>Experience: 4+ years in Product Management, preferably in a high-growth B2B2C or SaaS environment (FinTech or Identity experience is a plus).</li>
<li>The "Platform" Mindset: You have a proven track record of taking complex, fragmented requests and distilling them into a clean, modular product architecture.</li>
<li>Data-Obsessed: You don’t guess; you test, you measure. You have extensive experience with A/B testing frameworks and using data to settle prioritization debates.</li>
<li>Stakeholder Management: You are comfortable saying "no" to leadership or major customers when necessary, backed by data and a clear vision of the product’s long-term health.</li>
<li>Technical Fluency: You can hold your own in a room with staff engineers, understanding the trade-offs between hard-coded customizations and flexible API-driven architectures</li>
<li>Experience managing SDKs is a real plus</li>
</ul>
</div>
<h3 class="p-rich\_text\_section"><strong data-stringify-type="bold">Why Veriff?</strong></h3>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section">&nbsp;</div>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section">
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section">We are the preferred identity verification platform partner for the world’s most innovative growth-driven organizations helping conveniently verify and safeguard users anywhere in the world. We support the broadest number of identity documents from nearly every country and territory in the world - and this is continually increasing! With a diverse team in the United States, United Kingdom, Spain, and Estonia, as well as robust backing and funding from investors including Accel, Alkeon, IVP, Tiger Capital, and Y Combinator, we’re dedicated to helping businesses and individuals build a safer and more secure world. We strive to be the benchmark for trust online, and we take pride in being a positive force.When you join Team Veriff, we offer you the opportunity to have a real impact and advance your career whilst looking after you along the way with a range of benefits designed with you in mind. Some of our favourites include...</div>
<ul class="p-rich\_text\_list p-rich\_text\_list\_\_bullet" data-stringify-type="unordered-list" data-indent="0" data-border="0">
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">Flexibility to work from home</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">Stock options that ensure your share in our success</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">Extra recharge days on top of your annual vacation</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">Comprehensive relocation support to Estonia or Spain</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">Extensive medical, dental, and vision insurance to ensure you’re feeling great physically and mentally</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">Learning and Development &amp; Health and Sports budget that you are free to tailor to your own needs</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">Four weeks of fully paid sabbatical leave after reaching your 5th work anniversary</li>
</ul>
</div>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section"><em>We are an Equal Opportunities employer committed to a diverse and representative team. Different opinions, perspectives, and personalities push us forward. We want to hear from people who are passionate about their work and align with our values. Regardless of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, or disability. We also know the confidence gap and imposter syndrome can get in the way of meeting spectacular candidates - so rest assured, whoever you are, we want to hear from you!</em></div>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section">&nbsp;</div>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section">Please be informed that in the final stage of the recruitment process we may request you to go through identity verification. For more information, please see&nbsp;<a class="c-link" href="https://www.veriff.com/recruitment-privacy-policy" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://www.veriff.com/recruitment-privacy-policy" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">Recruitment Privacy Policy</a>. <span style="color: rgb(255, 255, 255);">#SPBTAL #LI-Remote</span></div>