<div class="content-intro"><p><strong>Who we are&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>At Twilio, we’re shaping the future of communications, all from the comfort of our homes. We deliver innovative solutions to<a class="c-link" href="https://customers.twilio.com/" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://customers.twilio.com/" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">&nbsp;hundreds of thousands of businesses&nbsp;</a>and empower millions of developers worldwide to craft personalized customer experiences.</p>
<p>Our dedication to <a class="c-link" href="https://www.twilio.com/en-us/blog/open-work" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://www.twilio.com/en-us/blog/open-work" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">remote-first work</a>, and strong culture of connection and global inclusion means that no matter your location, you’re part of a vibrant team with diverse experiences making a global impact each day. As we continue to revolutionize how the world interacts, we’re acquiring new skills and experiences that make work feel truly rewarding. Your career at Twilio is in your hands.<br><br>We use Artificial Intelligence (AI) to help make our hiring process efficient. That said, every hiring decision is made by real Twilions!</p>
<p><span style="color: rgb(255, 255, 255);">.</span></p></div><p><strong>See yourself at Twilio</strong></p>
<p>Join the team as Twilio’s next Technical Administrator 2 (Business Systems Analyst 2)</p>
<p><strong>About the job</strong></p>
<p>Twilio is looking for a Salesforce Administrator to join the GTM Automation team. This is a great role for an experienced Salesforce administrator looking to work more closely with the business, apply their mastery on the Salesforce platform to deliver impact, and expand the breadth of exposure beyond Salesforce. You will be in the unique position of joining a growing team that you can learn with and help shape.&nbsp;</p>
<p>You are right for this role if you excel at solving multi-faceted problems, managing large volumes of data and building world-class tools that drive impact. The ideal candidate is able to deeply understand the core business problem being addressed, balance speed and quality, and provide solution alternatives. You are a results-oriented individual who is motivated to tackle complex problems, has a "can do" attitude, and is comfortable asking questions.</p>
<p><strong>Responsibilities</strong></p>
<p>In this role, you will be responsible for improving our Salesforce.com platform and ensuring data excellence across the organization. You will be challenged to think creatively about how to reshape existing processes to become more efficient and your work will be integral to supporting impactful programs managed by the team to contribute to the success of the sales team and support Twilio’s fast growth.&nbsp;</p>
<p>&nbsp;Assist project managers in various work streams on Salesforce.com</p>
<ul>
<li>Data management in Salesforce.com and other business systems, including auditing and resolving data integrity at a large scale.</li>
<li>Work with program managers and stakeholders to uncover process gaps and develop elegant solutions</li>
<li>Understand and fix existing system problems on a daily basis</li>
<li>Continually evaluate and identify gaps in our existing codebase to develop solutions for increased extensibility.</li>
<li>Collaborate with cross-functional teams, including developers, business analysts, and stakeholders.</li>
<li>Leadership skills to mentor junior administrators and provide guidance on best practices.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Qualifications&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>Not all applicants will have skills that match a job description exactly. Twilio values diverse experiences in other industries, and we encourage everyone who meets the required qualifications to apply. While having “desired” qualifications make for a strong candidate, we encourage applicants with alternative experiences to also apply. If your career is just starting or hasn't followed a traditional path, don't let that stop you from considering Twilio. We are always looking for people who will bring something new to the table!</p>
<p><strong>Required:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>2+ years of experience with Salesforce.com implementation (design, configuration, deployment, lightning flows)</li>
<li>Must have hands on experience with process automation tools especially flows</li>
<li>Demonstrated ability to understand business needs and translate requirements into technical solutions</li>
<li>Salesforce Certified Administrator (ADM-201)</li>
<li>Strong expertise in Salesforce CPQ administration and configuration.</li>
<li>Strong presentation, communication, and facilitation skills</li>
<li>Comprehensive experience on debugging and troubleshooting in Salesforce</li>
<li>Strong organizational and business analysis skills; detail-oriented and able to work independently, manage and develop smaller scale projects.</li>
<li>Knowledge on Salesforce.com configuration best practices</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Desired:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>1+ year of experience designing or developing on Salesforce (Apex)</li>
<li>Experience working with and managing large data sets</li>
<li>Industry experience in automating and auditing large volumes of data</li>
<li>Experienced developing Lightning Components in Salesforce Lightning</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Location</strong></p>
<p>This role will be based remotely in India (Karnataka, Tamil Nadu, Telangana, Maharashtra, Delhi)</p>
<p><strong>Travel&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>We prioritize connection and opportunities to build relationships with our customers and each other. For this role, you may be required to travel occasionally to participate in project or team in-person meetings.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>Twilio thinks big. Do you?</strong></p>
<p>We like to solve problems, take initiative, pitch in when needed, and are always up for trying new things. That's why we seek out colleagues who embody our values — something we call <a href="https://www.twilio.com/company/values">Twilio Magic</a>. Additionally, we empower employees to build <a href="https://twilio.org/support-and-resources/impact-fund">positive change in their communities</a> by supporting their volunteering and donation efforts.</p>
<p>So, if you're ready to unleash your full potential, do your best work, and be the best version of yourself, apply now! If this role isn't what you're looking for, <a href="https://www.twilio.com/company/jobs#open-positions">please consider other open positions.</a></p>
<p><strong>Twilio is proud to be an equal opportunity employer.</strong> We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, reproductive health decisions, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, genetic information, political views or activity, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Qualified applicants with arrest or conviction records will be considered for employment in accordance with the Los Angeles County Fair Chance Ordinance for Employers and the California Fair Chance Act. Additionally, Twilio participates in the E-Verify program in certain locations, as required by law.</p></div>