<div class="content-intro"><p><strong data-stringify-type="bold">Why work at Nebius<br></strong>Nebius is leading a new era in cloud computing to serve the global AI economy. We create the tools and resources our customers need to solve real-world challenges and transform industries, without massive infrastructure costs or the need to build large in-house AI/ML teams. Our employees work at the cutting edge of AI cloud infrastructure alongside some of the most experienced and innovative leaders and engineers in the field.</p>
<p><strong>Where we work<br></strong>Headquartered in Amsterdam and listed on Nasdaq, Nebius has a global footprint with R&amp;D hubs across Europe, North America, and Israel. The team of over 1400 employees includes more than 400 highly skilled engineers with deep expertise across hardware and software engineering, as well as an in-house AI R&amp;D team.</p></div><h3><strong><span data-ccp-props="{}">The role</span></strong></h3>
<p><span data-ccp-props="{}">As a Senior Technical Program Manager, you will own the end-to-end delivery of GPU clusters and other critical IT infrastructure components that power next-generation AI workloads. In this high-impact role, you’ll coordinate engineering, networking, construction, and operations teams to deliver GPU clusters and critical IT infrastructure at hyperscale. You’ll work closely with infrastructure leadership to define strategy, manage risk, and ensure on-time, high-quality launches.You’ll play a key role in scaling our global infrastructure footprint across the EU markets.</span></p>
<p>Travel: This position may require on-site presence at data centers during key deployment phases.</p>
<p><strong><span data-ccp-props="{&quot;335559685&quot;:720,&quot;335559991&quot;:360}"><span class="TextRun MacChromeBold SCXW95146830 BCX0" lang="EN-US" data-contrast="auto"><span class="NormalTextRun SCXW95146830 BCX0" data-ccp-charstyle="Strong">Your responsibilities will include:</span></span><span class="EOP SCXW95146830 BCX0" data-ccp-props="{&quot;134233117&quot;:true,&quot;134233118&quot;:true}">&nbsp;</span></span></strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Lead end-to-end delivery of new data center programs, from design through handover to operations.</li>
<li>Define and manage scope, schedule, and risks, maintaining focus on critical paths and proactive issue resolution.</li>
<li>Translate business and technical requirements into actionable project plans and measurable deliverables.</li>
<li>Oversee vendor and contractor execution, ensuring quality, budget, and schedule.</li>
<li>Provide structured program reporting, including dashboards, documentation, and executive updates.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong><span data-contrast="auto"><span data-ccp-charstyle="Strong">We expect you to have:</span></span><span data-ccp-props="{&quot;134233117&quot;:true,&quot;134233118&quot;:true}">&nbsp;</span></strong></p>
<ul>
<li>7+ years of experience in technical program or project management, with direct involvement in large-scale IT infrastructure deployments.</li>
<li>Solid technical background in relevant domains, with the ability to engage deeply in technical discussions and challenge solutions where needed.</li>
<li>Proven ability to stay focused on critical paths and drive results in fast-paced, changing environments.</li>
<li>Communication and stakeholder management skills; able to translate complex topics clearly.</li>
<li>Leadership by influence and example in cross-functional or matrixed teams.</li>
<li>Proficient with modern project management tools and methodologies (e.g., Jira, Asana, hybrid Agile/Waterfall).</li>
</ul>
<p><strong><span data-contrast="auto"><span data-ccp-charstyle="Strong">It will be </span><span data-ccp-charstyle="Strong">an added bonus</span><span data-ccp-charstyle="Strong"> if you have:</span></span><span data-ccp-props="{&quot;134233117&quot;:true,&quot;134233118&quot;:true}">&nbsp;</span></strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Understanding of construction projects structure and key risk factors in facility build-outs.</li>
<li>Knowledge of HPC</li>
<li>Experience in business processes design or automation tools development.</li>
<li>PMP, PRINCE2, or similar industry certifications.</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>What we offer</strong>&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>Competitive salary and comprehensive benefits package.</li>
<li>Opportunities for professional growth within Nebius.</li>
<li>Flexible working arrangements.</li>
<li>A dynamic and collaborative work environment that values initiative and innovation.</li>
</ul>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">We’re growing and expanding our products every day. If you’re up to the challenge and are excited about AI and ML as much as we are, join us!</span></p></div>