<div class="content-intro"><p><em>At Klaviyo, we value the unique backgrounds, experiences and perspectives each Klaviyo (we call ourselves Klaviyos) brings to our workplace each and every day. We believe everyone deserves a fair shot at success and appreciate the experiences each person brings beyond the traditional job requirements. If you’re a close but not exact match with the description, we hope you’ll still consider applying. Want to learn more about life at Klaviyo? Visit <a class="\_ymio1r31 \_ypr0glyw \_zcxs1o36 \_mizu194a \_1ah3dkaa \_ra3xnqa1 \_128mdkaa \_1cvmnqa1 \_4davt94y \_4bfu18uv \_1hms8stv \_ajmmnqa1 \_vchhusvi \_kqswh2mm \_ect4ttxp \_syaz13af \_1a3b18uv \_4fpr8stv \_5goinqa1 \_f8pj13af \_9oik18uv \_1bnxglyw \_jf4cnqa1 \_30l313af \_1nrm18uv \_c2waglyw \_1iohnqa1 \_9h8h12zz \_10531ra0 \_1ien1ra0 \_n0fx1ra0 \_1vhv17z1" href="http://klaviyo.com/careers" data-renderer-mark="true">klaviyo.com/careers</a>&nbsp;to see how we empower creators to own their own destiny.</em></p></div><p><strong>Dublin, Ireland (Hybrid: 3 days p/week in office)<br></strong></p>
<div class="section page-centered">
<div><strong>The role:</strong></div>
<div>Customer Support Specialists (called Product Experts at Klaviyo) are a critical part of our future success, and our growing PE team is based in our Dublin office, which has quickly become a thriving hub for our EMEA operations. We take the success of our customers incredibly seriously. Our mission is to deliver exceptional assistance to our customers with the highest level of quality in both product knowledge and communication skills, and in the process, consistently meet and exceed customer expectations. We are looking for <strong>Dutch-fluent</strong> Product Experts who are passionate about providing the best support to our EMEA customers who are scaling their businesses with Klaviyo.</div>
<div>&nbsp;</div>
<div><strong>You must be able to work weekends, available shifts include: Tuesday to Saturday or Sunday to Thursday.&nbsp;</strong></div>
<div><strong>Working hours will either be 7am - 3pm or 9am - 5pm</strong></div>
</div>
<div class="section page-centered">
<h3>How you will make a difference:</h3>
<ul>
<li>Develop an in-depth knowledge of the Klaviyo platform</li>
<li>Provide high-quality product support for Klaviyo customers, partnering with them to effectively resolve their issues through email and live chat</li>
<li>Communicate thoughtfully to provide answers to questions for both technical and non-technical end users while also supporting a wide range of technologies</li>
<li>Diagnose software issues and resolve escalated customer complaints engage using established processes</li>
<li>Provide support &amp; guidance on non-technical related questions (e.g: marketing, sales, other e-commerce setup questions)</li>
<li>Communicate thoughtfully and effectively with all Klaviyo customers</li>
<li>Document troubleshooting and problem resolution steps</li>
<li>Transform workflows by putting AI at the center, building smarter systems and ways of working from the ground up.</li>
</ul>
</div>
<div class="section page-centered">
<h3>Who You Are:</h3>
<p>We’re looking for individuals who thrive in challenging situations and brings a positive, self-driven attitude. You'll have a track record of finding creative solutions to unique problems and love supporting customers in a collaborative way.</p>
<p><strong>Must-Haves</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Fluent English &amp; Dutch language skills (written and spoken)&nbsp;</li>
<li>Ability to work weekends (available shifts include Tuesday-Saturday or Sunday-Thursday)</li>
<li>1+ years experience working in a customer-facing role (ideally where you’ve successfully troubleshooted and resolved software/ SaaS issues)</li>
<li>You’ve already experimented with AI in work or personal projects, and you’re excited to dive in and learn fast. You’re hungry to responsibly explore new AI tools and workflows, finding ways to make your work smarter and more efficient.</li>
<li>Excellent communication skills: clear, empathetic, and able to explain technical concepts in simple terms</li>
<li>Comfortable working in a high-volume, fast-paced environment, meeting and exceeding defined metrics and KPIs while maintaining quality of service</li>
<li>Collaborative mindset: loves to share knowledge, contribute ideas, and support teammates</li>
<li>Proactive and positive: self-motivated, adaptable, and willing to go above and beyond for customers</li>
<li>Full authorisation to work in Ireland without any restrictions</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Nice-to-Haves</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Experience troubleshooting: APIs, integrations, HTML/ CSS/ JavaScript, or networking basics (DNS, IPs)</li>
<li>Background in MarTech SaaS, email deliverability, or e-commerce platforms</li>
<li>Familiarity with tools like Zendesk, G-Suite, or similar</li>
<li><a href="https://academy.klaviyo.com/en-us/collections/product-certification?utm\_source=support\_job\_listing&amp;utm\_medium=cross\_promo&amp;utm\_campaign=klaviyo\_product\_certificate">Klaviyo Product Certification</a> (can be achieved after joining)</li>
</ul>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">#<span class="il">LI</span>-<span class="il">Hybrid #LI-JW1</span></span></p>
</div>
<p>We use Covey as part of our hiring and / or promotional process. For jobs or candidates in NYC, certain features may qualify it as an AEDT. As part of the evaluation process we provide Covey with job requirements and candidate submitted applications. We began using <a href="https://getcovey.com/product/covey-scout-inbound">Covey Scout for Inbound</a> on April 3, 2025.</p>
<p>Please see the independent bias audit report covering our use of Covey <a style="text-decoration: underline;" href="https://getcovey.com/nyc-local-law-144">here</a></p><div class="content-pay-transparency"><div class="pay-input"><div class="description"><p>Our salary range reflects the cost of labour in the country where the job post is advertised. The base salary offered for this position is determined by several factors, including the applicant’s job-related skills, relevant experience, education or training, and work location.</p>
<p>In addition to base salary, our total compensation package may include participation in the company’s annual cash bonus plan, variable compensation (OTE) for sales and customer success roles, equity, sign-on payments, and a comprehensive range of health, welfare, and wellbeing benefits based on eligibility.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Your recruiter can provide more details about the specific salary/OTE&nbsp; range for your preferred location during the hiring process.</p></div><div class="title">Base Pay Range in Local Currency:</div><div class="pay-range"><span>€40.000</span><span class="divider">&mdash;</span><span>€60.000 EUR</span></div></div></div><div class="content-conclusion"><p><em>This role may require up to 10% travel for purposes such as new hire onboarding, client or partner work if applicable, team meetings, and industry events. Travel is coordinated in advance.</em></p>
<p><strong>Get to Know Klaviyo</strong></p>
<p>We’re Klaviyo (pronounced clay-vee-oh). We empower creators to own their destiny by making first-party data accessible and actionable like never before. We see limitless potential for the technology we’re developing to nurture personalized experiences in ecommerce and beyond. To reach our goals, we need our own crew of remarkable creators—ambitious and collaborative teammates who stay focused on our north star: delighting our customers. If you’re ready to do the best work of your career, where you’ll be welcomed as your whole self from day one and supported with generous benefits, we hope you’ll join us.</p>
<p><em>AI fluency at Klaviyo includes responsible use of AI (including privacy, security, bias awareness, and human-in-the-loop). We provide accommodations as needed.&nbsp;</em></p>
<p><em>By participating in Klaviyo’s interview process, you acknowledge that you have read, understood, and will adhere to our&nbsp;<a href="https://www.klaviyo.com/careers/ai-guidance" target="\_blank" data-saferedirecturl="https://www.google.com/url?q=https://www.klaviyo.com/careers/ai-guidance&amp;source=gmail&amp;ust=1761072778777000&amp;usg=AOvVaw0auUcRqeYRczM9UoXAKldj">Guidelines for using AI in the Klaviyo interview Process</a>. For more information about how we process your personal data, see our&nbsp;<a href="https://www.klaviyo.com/legal/job-applicant-privacy-notice" target="\_blank" data-saferedirecturl="https://www.google.com/url?q=https://www.klaviyo.com/legal/job-applicant-privacy-notice&amp;source=gmail&amp;ust=1761072778777000&amp;usg=AOvVaw1axMoReIM1qwTbmaPcLI\_b">Job Applicant Privacy Notice</a>.<br></em></p>
<p><em>Klaviyo is committed to a policy of equal opportunity and non-discrimination. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, ethnicity, citizenship, national origin, color, religion or religious creed, age, sex (including pregnancy), gender identity, sexual orientation, physical or mental disability, veteran or active military status, marital status, criminal record, genetics, retaliation, sexual harassment or any other characteristic protected by applicable law.</em></p>
<div id="1737752197.414839" class="c-virtual\_list\_\_item" data-qa="virtual-list-item" data-item-key="1737752197.414839">
<div class="c-message\_kit\_\_background p-message\_pane\_message\_\_message c-message\_kit\_\_message" data-qa="message\_container" data-qa-unprocessed="false" data-qa-placeholder="false">
<div class="c-message\_kit\_\_hover" data-qa-hover="true">
<div class="c-message\_kit\_\_actions c-message\_kit\_\_actions--default">
<div class="c-message\_kit\_\_gutter">
<div class="c-message\_kit\_\_gutter\_\_right" data-qa="message\_content">
<div class="c-message\_kit\_\_blocks c-message\_kit\_\_blocks--rich\_text">
<div class="c-message\_\_message\_blocks c-message\_\_message\_blocks--rich\_text" data-qa="message-text">
<div class="p-block\_kit\_renderer" data-qa="block-kit-renderer">
<div class="p-block\_kit\_renderer\_\_block\_wrapper p-block\_kit\_renderer\_\_block\_wrapper--first">
<div class="p-rich\_text\_block">
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section"><em data-stringify-type="italic">IMPORTANT NOTICE: Our company takes the security and privacy of job applicants very seriously. We will never ask for payment, bank details, or personal financial information as part of the application process. All our legitimate job postings can be found on our official career site. Please be cautious of job offers that come from non-company email addresses (@klaviyo.com), instant messaging platforms, or unsolicited calls.</em></div>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section">&nbsp;</div>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section"><strong data-stringify-type="bold">By clicking "Submit Application" you consent to Klaviyo processing your Personal Data in accordance with our Job Applicant Privacy Notice.&nbsp; If you do not wish for Klaviyo to process your Personal Data, please do not submit an application.<em data-stringify-type="italic">&nbsp; </em></strong><em data-stringify-type="italic">You can find our Job Applicant Privacy Notice&nbsp;</em><em data-stringify-type="italic"><a class="c-link" href="https://www.klaviyo.com/legal/job-applicant-privacy-notice" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://www.klaviyo.com/legal/job-applicant-privacy-notice" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">here</a></em><em data-stringify-type="italic">&nbsp;and <a href="https://www.klaviyo.com/fr/legal/job-applicant-privacy-notice">here</a> (FR).</em></div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div id="1737477146.268809" class="c-virtual\_list\_\_item" data-qa="virtual-list-item" data-item-key="1737477146.268809">
<div class="c-message\_kit\_\_background p-message\_pane\_message\_\_message c-message\_kit\_\_message" data-qa="message\_container" data-qa-unprocessed="false" data-qa-placeholder="false">
<div class="c-message\_kit\_\_hover" data-qa-hover="true">
<div class="c-message\_kit\_\_actions c-message\_kit\_\_actions--above">
<div class="c-message\_kit\_\_gutter">
<div class="c-message\_kit\_\_gutter\_\_left">&nbsp;</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div></div>