At Snappr, we make it effortless for businesses to access high-quality visual content at scale. As the world’s leading marketplace for photography, video, and editing, we connect top creators with brands that need to tell their stories through powerful visuals. By combining cutting-edge technology with a discerning eye for creativity, we help businesses grow through content that stands out.

Our culture is built on extreme ownership and peak performance. We are customer-obsessed, data-informed problem solvers who thrive on radical candor, embrace challenges by loving the dirt, and refuse mediocrity. We believe in accountability, humor, and diversity — and we’re united by a mission to help businesses tell better visual stories.

**About the team:**

Snappr is the world’s largest on-demand marketplace for visual content. Our teams are entrepreneurial, collaborative, and impact-driven — solving complex customer challenges at a global scale. Every project you take on will contribute to how businesses tell their stories visually, helping us set the standard for visual content worldwide.

**About the role:**

We are looking for a versatile **Product Marketer** to communicate our newest product offerings against the perceived competition and to educate our ICPs on why to prioritize them.

If you're a people person, a storyteller, and if you thrive on the energy from your audience (a public speaker), you'll be set up for success.

But it doesn't end there - to be truly successful, you'll need to have strong analytical skills too, to autonomously uncover insights that drive campaigns and experiments.

## What you'll do:

- Interview customers and buyers and collect insight that drives experiments
- Conduct competitive market research and then turn that research into a winning strategy
- Research and define market segmentation (ICP, audiences)
- Write and design product functionality and use cases, benefit-driven features, white papers, case studies and testimonials, and drive distribution to all placements
- Position Snappr as a category leader and perfect the value proposition
- Work closely with product management, sales, and marketing teams to collaborate on learnings and improve GTM communication and product features

## What you'll need:

- You have experience with earlier stages (Series A to C) startups.
- You have focused mostly on B2B product marketing (as opposed to B2C).
- You have 3+ years of experience leading product marketing at a product-led startup.
- You have experience crafting compelling, value-driven product messaging and positioning, and creating product & content marketing collateral.
- You have experience conducting user research and writing insights on your own.
- You know your way around tools like Canva, Figma, Webflow, and ChatGPT.
- You love working closely with product teams and developers to understand every nuance of the product.
- You have experience with project management tools like Asana, Notion, and Trello.
- You want to work closely with the CEO to shape our brand and value proposition.
- You love being scrappy, rolling up your sleeves, and trying new things.