<div class="content-intro"><p><strong>Who we are&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>At Twilio, we’re shaping the future of communications, all from the comfort of our homes. We deliver innovative solutions to<a class="c-link" href="https://customers.twilio.com/" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://customers.twilio.com/" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">&nbsp;hundreds of thousands of businesses&nbsp;</a>and empower millions of developers worldwide to craft personalized customer experiences.</p>
<p>Our dedication to <a class="c-link" href="https://www.twilio.com/en-us/blog/open-work" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://www.twilio.com/en-us/blog/open-work" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">remote-first work</a>, and strong culture of connection and global inclusion means that no matter your location, you’re part of a vibrant team with diverse experiences making a global impact each day. As we continue to revolutionize how the world interacts, we’re acquiring new skills and experiences that make work feel truly rewarding. Your career at Twilio is in your hands.<br><br>We use Artificial Intelligence (AI) to help make our hiring process efficient. That said, every hiring decision is made by real Twilions!</p>
<p><span style="color: rgb(255, 255, 255);">.</span></p></div><p><strong>See yourself at Twilio</strong></p>
<p>Join the team as Twilio’s next <strong>Applications Engineer 2 (Business Title: Sales System Engineer 2)</strong></p>
<p><strong>About the job</strong></p>
<p>Twilio is looking for a Salesforce Developer to join the GTM Automation team. This is a great role for an experienced Salesforce developer looking to work more closely with the business, apply their mastery on the Salesforce platform to deliver impact, and expand the breadth of exposure beyond Salesforce. You will be in the unique position of joining a growing development team that you can learn with and help shape.&nbsp;</p>
<p>You are right for this role if you excel at solving multi-faceted problems, managing large volumes of data,&nbsp; and building world-class tools that drive impact. The ideal candidate is able to deeply understand the core business problem being addressed, balance speed and quality, and provide solution alternatives. You are a results-oriented individual who is motivated to tackle complex problems, has a "can do" attitude, and is comfortable asking questions.</p>
<p><strong>Responsibilities</strong></p>
<p>In this role, you’ll:</p>
<ul>
<li>Work with the GTM Automation Systems team on evolving a Salesforce data model that is technically scalable, easily reportable, and functionally intuitive for end users.</li>
<li>Utilize SOQL API’s, Apex controllers, Apex Web Services, Apex callouts, and other development tools to build custom functionality that tailors our sales systems to our unique business and operating model.</li>
<li>Participate in technical analysis activities together and document requirements for application Integration and also involved in integration design activities working with architects and other stakeholders.</li>
<li>Review and assure quality in all code entering our codebase.</li>
<li>Continually evaluate and refactor our existing codebase for increased extensibility.</li>
<li>Ability to learn new technologies depending on project requirements.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Qualifications&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>Twilio values diverse experiences from all kinds of industries, and we encourage everyone who meets the required qualifications to apply. If your career is just starting or hasn't followed a traditional path, don't let that stop you from considering Twilio. We are always looking for people who will bring something new to the table!</p>
<p><strong>\*Required:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>3+ years experience with <strong>Apex, LWC, SOQL</strong>, Javascript with Agile development practices</li>
<li>Knowledge on Force.com coding standard methodologies and experience in Salesforce Lightning Design System</li>
<li>Experience in identifying common blind spots and bugs in Salesforce and working with and optimizing millions of rows of data</li>
<li>Experience with Agile development practices</li>
<li>Experience in CSS, HTML, jQuery, SOQL</li>
<li>Experience in GIT or SVN</li>
<li>Ability to translate technical requirements into independent features for development and experience on debugging and troubleshooting&nbsp;</li>
<li>Comprehensive experience on debugging and troubleshooting in Salesforce</li>
<li>Experience in identifying common blind spots and bugs in Salesforce</li>
<li>Experience in working with and optimizing millions of rows of data</li>
<li>Proficiency in developing unit tests with assertions for core functionality</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Desired:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Experience in AgentForce, Einstein, AI tools/technologies</li>
<li>Experience in SQL, Python, Data Cloud, Snowflake</li>
<li>Familiarity working with a Pay-as-you-go business model</li>
<li>Experience developing and deploying through Heroku</li>
<li>Experience in Conga/Apttus CPQ or CLM.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Location</strong></p>
<p>This role will be remote, and based in India &lt;Karnataka, Tamil Nadu, Telangana State, Maharashtra and New Delhi&gt;.</p>
<p><strong>Travel&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>We prioritize connection and opportunities to build relationships with our customers and each other. For this role, you may be required to travel occasionally to participate in project or team in-person meetings.</p>
<p><strong>What We Offer</strong></p>
<p>Working at Twilio offers many benefits, including competitive pay, generous time off, ample parental and wellness leave, healthcare, a retirement savings program, and much more. Offerings vary by location.</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>Twilio thinks big. Do you?</strong></p>
<p>We like to solve problems, take initiative, pitch in when needed, and are always up for trying new things. That's why we seek out colleagues who embody our values — something we call <a href="https://www.twilio.com/company/values">Twilio Magic</a>. Additionally, we empower employees to build <a href="https://twilio.org/support-and-resources/impact-fund">positive change in their communities</a> by supporting their volunteering and donation efforts.</p>
<p>So, if you're ready to unleash your full potential, do your best work, and be the best version of yourself, apply now! If this role isn't what you're looking for, <a href="https://www.twilio.com/company/jobs#open-positions">please consider other open positions.</a></p>
<p><strong>Twilio is proud to be an equal opportunity employer.</strong> We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, reproductive health decisions, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, genetic information, political views or activity, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Qualified applicants with arrest or conviction records will be considered for employment in accordance with the Los Angeles County Fair Chance Ordinance for Employers and the California Fair Chance Act. Additionally, Twilio participates in the E-Verify program in certain locations, as required by law.</p></div>