<h4><strong>Who we are</strong></h4>
<h5><strong>About Stripe</strong></h5>
<p>Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies—from the world’s largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyone’s reach while doing the most important work of your career.</p>
<h5><strong>About the team</strong></h5>
<p>Stripe’s Professional Services team works with our most strategic users. You will work on the highest visibility projects to provide technical expertise to our customers to help accelerate their knowledge, solution design and integrations with Stripe. This role is responsible for leading strategic conversations and developing plans that will transform the payments and financial infrastructure for leading enterprises.</p>
<h4><strong>What you’ll do</strong></h4>
<h5><strong>Responsibilities</strong></h5>
<ul>
<li>Plan and execute integration engineering end-to-end, from high-level architecture down to code implementation. This includes conducting discovery sessions with users to understand their goals, parsing out specific use cases, and guiding users to implement high complexity integrations.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Think on your feet and communicate technical concepts, explaining how Stripe works from both a product feature and API architecture perspective. Manage user expectations on timelines and product changes.</li>
<li>Be the primary, ongoing technical point of contact for our largest users' and partners' technical teams. You will be responsible for resolving user integration issues and owning escalations for operational issues and priority requests.</li>
<li>Collaborate with Sales, Solution Architecture and Implementation teams to drive client engagement, customer wins, and revenue on behalf of the Professional Services team</li>
<li>Collaborate closely with Product and Engineering to proactively identify potential enhancements and new features based on feedback you’ll gather from the field.</li>
<li>Provide deep technical support and debugging, inspecting and understanding the Stripe codebase and thoroughly testing functionality to best advise users, while also building and demonstrating proof-of-concept integrations, creating user-specific test plans, and answering ad-hoc technical questions.</li>
<li>In some cases, lead "Hands On Keyboard" implementations for user engagements, providing material feedback on coding practices, CI/CD, and software architecture.</li>
<li>Review and optimize existing user integrations and provide recommendations to improve performance, reliability, and efficiency.</li>
<li>Build tools and analytics; create dashboards, run queries, and generate custom data reports to support user business reviews and operational needs.</li>
<li>Develop and share knowledge, building reusable processes to enable the larger Professional Services team.</li>
</ul>
<h4><strong>Who you are</strong></h4>
<p>We’re looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.</p>
<h5><strong>Minimum requirements</strong></h5>
<ul>
<li>4 years + experience in a Software Engineering / Integration Engineering role.</li>
<li>Ability to write code (in programming languages like Go, Java, C/C++ etc.) and quickly debug user code snippets.</li>
<li>Comfortable with various code-level debugging (Stripe code and user code) and using code as a tool for problem-solving.</li>
<li>Strong generalist technical experience, including proficiency in SQL and an understanding of data structures and algorithms.</li>
<li>Understanding of the payments domain and API security topics.</li>
<li>Be comfortable talking about technical concepts, and explaining how Stripe works, both from a product features and API architecture perspective.</li>
<li>A user first approach &amp; empathy with our users, capable of mapping business requirements into reliable technical solutions.</li>
<li>Confident and comfortable with customers, with the ability to lead strategic technical conversations.</li>
</ul>
<h5><strong>Preferred requirements</strong></h5>
<ul>
<li>Enjoy the puzzle of solving open-ended problems, both individually and as a member of our team.<br>Willingness to learn and teach others, including mentoring newer team members.</li>
<li>Collaborative, communicative, consultative; able to apply specific methodologies to ensure repeatability of engagements.</li>
<li>Intellectually curious, with great problem solving skills.</li>
<li>Technical writing skills to document complex integration guidance and processes.<br><br></li>
</ul>