Spotify Trust & Safety is dedicated to creating a platform that’s safe for users and creators and true to our values.

We’re looking for a Manager to lead our Monetization Policy Operations team within Trust & Safety. As a Manager, you will be responsible for the development and refinement of our monetized policy operations function to help enforce our stance on advertising and monetization policy issues that impact users, creators, and advertisers across music, podcasts, and user-generated content.

You will manage a team of ops specialists to enforce our ads and monetization policies at scale, support internal and external inquiries, including complex or time-sensitive escalations. You will work cross functionally to help build strategy for ads and monetization moderation, including vendor operations, tooling improvements, and product support.

You bring strong leadership and problem-solving skills, and you’re comfortable navigating ambiguity while collaborating across teams to drive solutions.

## What You'll Do

- Define operations strategies and implement scalable processes to ensure successful and consistent ads and monetization policy enforcement, globally. This includes crisis responses and investigations into complex escalations.
- Advise on and lead high-profile and/or time-sensitive escalations, providing steady leadership during sensitive, high-visibility, or reputational risk situations.
- Work creatively with the T&S and cross-functional stakeholders across Sales, Product, Public Affairs, and Legal to resolve issues and unblock revenue opportunities.
- Drive daily content moderation operations and reviewer workflows. Help establish metrics-driven goals and be able to synthesize and present operations progress to T&S.
- Oversee vendor progress and requirements- understand how to evaluate queues, capacity, and work with strategy teams to drive performance.
- Remove barriers to success for a team of reviewers by ensuring growth and learning opportunities. You will provide mentorship and coaching.
- Communicate policy enforcement process, concepts, and updates effectively to leadership and cross-functional partners.
- Disclaimer: You may need to review sensitive and potentially disturbing content on weekends.

## Who You Are

- BA/BS degree required.
- 6+ years of relevant experience in ads and monetization operations, including experience in business strategy, forecasting operations needs using data, and enforcing policies for ads campaigns.
- Experience managing people, including hiring, supporting operations teams, setting goals, and tracking progress.
- A deep understanding of the digital ads and monetization ecosystem.
- Experience working with product, engineering, and related partners to support tooling solutions, or automation to improve enforcement operations.
- You use data and insights to identify opportunities and improve operational performance; you can facilitate data-driven and informed prioritization across operations.
- Experience handling time sensitive escalations; able to take solutions-orientated approaches to complex escalations, tools, bottlenecks, etc.
- Exceptional communication skills; experience representing T&S in any situation and synthesizing complex information for executive audiences.
- Excellent program and stakeholder management skills. Able to communicate effectively in a global team and understand cultural contexts.
- Team player with ability to work autonomously, and lead others.
- Self-starter, resilient, and passionate about keeping our community safe.

## Where You'll Be

- This role is based in Dublin.
- We offer you the flexibility to work where you work best! There will be some in person  
  meetings, but still allows for flexibility to work from home.

Spotify is an equal opportunity employer. You are welcome at Spotify for who you are, no matter where you come from, what you look like, or what’s playing in your headphones. Our platform is for everyone, and so is our workplace. The more voices we have represented and amplified in our business, the more we will all thrive, contribute, and be forward-thinking! So bring us your personal experience, your perspectives, and your background. It’s in our differences that we will find the power to keep revolutionizing the way the world listens.

At Spotify, we are passionate about inclusivity and making sure our entire recruitment process is accessible to everyone. We have ways to request reasonable accommodations during the interview process and help assist in what you need. If you need accommodations at any stage of the application or interview process, please let us know - we’re here to support you in any way we can.

Spotify transformed music listening forever when we launched in 2008. Our mission is to unlock the potential of human creativity by giving a million creative artists the opportunity to live off their art and billions of fans the chance to enjoy and be passionate about these creators. Everything we do is driven by our love for music and podcasting. Today, we are the world’s most popular audio streaming subscription service.