<p><strong>About this opportunity:</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 300;">At Freenome, we are seeking a Technical Product Manager to join the Freenome Product Management team. This role will be responsible for planning and coordinating the execution of Freenome’s engineering initiatives for the Commercial Data Platform and Data Products. You will create, plan and execute software development plans while ensuring efficiency, scalability and usability for our Commercial, Laboratory, and R&amp;D teams. You will gather requirements and prioritize technical development in alignment with cross-functional teams and stakeholders.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 300;">This role will lead discussions with key-decision makers and stakeholders to create a comprehensive data platform roadmap outlining Freenome’s path to commercialization and support for ongoing product development. You will work closely with our engineering team, leveraging your deep knowledge in Agile methodologies (Scrum, Kanban, sprint planning, etc) to enable seamless execution.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 300;">The role reports to the Associate Director, Technical Product Management. This role will be a Remote role, with onsite travel to our headquarters in Brisbane, California as needed.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><strong>What you’ll do:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Define requirements and manage the development processes, systems, and software infrastructure for the data platform and tools supporting Commercial and R&amp;D initiatives.</span>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Partner with lab and business stakeholders to elucidate requirements, optimize workflows, and lead data platform and product definition, ensuring alignment with regulatory standards (e.g., HIPAA, HITECH).</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Work with engineers to translate product requirements into Epics and Stories with clear user acceptance criteria.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Track and drive development and ensure fulfillment of requirements using issue tracking system (e.g., Jira).</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Lead and facilitate productive interactions between users and engineers to ensure user needs are understood and met.</span></li>
</ul>
</li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Create a thorough technical strategy and roadmap to scale Freenome’s commercial data platform, tooling, and data products to support current and future products.</span>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Provide a clear and tangible vision for future development efforts with scalability and accessibility in mind.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Ensure complete data integrity throughout the pipeline with technical and process-oriented solutions<br></span></li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Must haves:</strong><strong><br></strong></p>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Bachelor’s degree in an analytical, technical, or scientific field; advanced degree preferred.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">At least 5 years of experience in a software development environment, ideally within biotechnology and NGS.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Deep expertise in identification and prioritization of software features.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Demonstrated ability to successfully lead complex trade-off decisions between functions and &nbsp;measurably improve organizational success and processes.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Experience leading software development efforts to meet regulated market standards (FDA, CAP/CLIA), laboratory operations, medical affairs, or clinical study operations for diagnostics.</span><span style="font-weight: 300;"><br></span></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Nice to haves:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><span style="font-weight: 300;">Experience in building solutions with a focus on multiomics, NGS, or proteomics a plus.</span></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Benefits and additional information:</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 300;">The US target range of our</span><span style="font-weight: 300;"> base salary </span><span style="font-weight: 300;">for new hires is $118,150 - $167,475</span><span style="font-weight: 300;">. You will also be eligible to receive equity, cash bonuses, and a full range of medical, financial, and other benefits depending on the position offered.&nbsp; Please note that individual total compensation for this position will be determined at the Company’s sole discretion and may vary based on several factors, including but not limited to, location, skill level, years and depth of relevant experience, and education. We invite you to check out our career page @ <span style="font-weight: 300;"><em><a href="http://freenome.com/job-openings/" target="\_blank" data-saferedirecturl="https://www.google.com/url?q=http://freenome.com/job-openings/&amp;source=gmail&amp;ust=1708620295766000&amp;usg=AOvVaw0K-a4lTJ0RquYagpqS-yp4">freenome.com/job-openings/</a></em></span></span><span style="font-weight: 300;">&nbsp;for additional company information.&nbsp;&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 300;">Freenome is proud to be an equal-opportunity employer, and we value diversity. Freenome does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, marital status, age, national origin, ancestry, physical or mental disability, medical condition, pregnancy, genetic information, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, veteran status, or any other status protected under federal, state, or local </span><span style="font-weight: 300;">law.</span></p>
<p><em><span style="font-weight: 300;">Applicants have rights under Federal Employment Laws.&nbsp;&nbsp;</span></em></p>
<ul>
<li><a href="https://www.dol.gov/agencies/whd/posters/fmla" target="\_blank"><em><span style="font-weight: 300;">Family &amp; Medical Leave Act (FMLA)</span></em></a></li>
<li><a href="https://www.dol.gov/agencies/ofccp/posters" target="\_blank"><em><span style="font-weight: 300;">Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO)</span></em></a></li>
<li><a href="https://www.dol.gov/agencies/whd/posters/employee-polygraph-protection-act" target="\_blank"><em><span style="font-weight: 300;">Employee Polygraph Protection Act (EPPA)</span></em></a></li>
</ul>
<p><span style="color: #ecf0f1;"><em><span style="font-weight: 300;">#LI-REMOTE</span></em></span></p>