<p><strong>About us @Symphony</strong></p>
<p>We’ve spent the last 10 years building a communication and markets technology company, powered by interconnected platforms: messaging, voice, directory and analytics.&nbsp; Over 1000 institutions use our modular technology built for global finance. Security is in our DNA with uncompromising data protection, end-to-end encryption and resilient architecture, all created on a foundation of trust with our customers .&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>But that was only chapter one.</strong> We’re now building on our purpose-built network, expanding AI-powered, real-time collaboration, redefining flexibility with fully cloud-native software with our trader voice product, and rethinking the industry’s approach to identity verification, connection and intelligence. .</p>
<p><strong>The opportunity and our ambition are huge</strong>. But we need passionate, dedicated individuals to get there. At Symphony we work hard and fast. Our unique blend of technology and financial services makes it an environment you won't get elsewhere.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><span style="text-decoration: underline;"><strong>Role Description:</strong></span></p>
<p>Symphony is looking for an enthusiastic and customer-focused <strong>L1 Technical Support / Help Desk Engineer </strong>for Symphony Voice (Cloud9) platform <strong>t</strong>o join our team in Belfast. This role will provide first-line support for Cloud9 services, ensuring operational excellence and exceptional service delivery to our financial services clients&nbsp;</p>
<p>In this role, you’ll be responsible for handling incoming support requests, assisting with provisioning tasks, and triaging issues related to Symphony Voice (Cloud9) services such as user setup, voice connectivity, hardware, and portal administration. This is an excellent opportunity for someone looking to grow their technical career in a dynamic fintech environment.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Working Hours</strong> Please note that this role operates on an evening shift to provide support for our clients in different time zones. The required hours are <strong>4:00 PM to 12:00 AM</strong>, Monday through Friday.&nbsp;<br><br><strong>NOTE:&nbsp;</strong>&nbsp;This role is based in Belfast, Northern Ireland, and although mainly remote, it is open to candidates located in Northern Ireland.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><span style="text-decoration: underline;"><strong>Responsibilities:&nbsp;</strong></span></p>
<ul>
<li>Serve as the first point of contact for Cloud9 support tickets via Zendesk or phone.</li>
<li>Troubleshoot issues related to the Cloud9 Trader voice application, user provisioning, portal administration, call routing, and connectivity, Cloud9-to-Cloud9 connections and neighbour changes and Feature enablement/disablement&nbsp;</li>
<li>Perform user lifecycle tasks, including onboarding, deactivation, and bulk updates.</li>
<li>Support basic hardware troubleshooting and unbricking of Cloud Hubs.</li>
<li>Escalate more complex issues to Level 2/3 teams with clear documentation.</li>
<li>Participate in on-call rotations and assist with weekend or emergency support needs.</li>
<li>Maintain accurate ticket records and contribute to internal knowledge sharing.</li>
<li>Collaborate with Technical Account Managers, Engineering, and other support functions to ensure timely resolution and a high standard of customer care.&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><span style="text-decoration: underline;"><strong>Qualification:&nbsp;</strong></span></p>
<ul>
<li>1+ years experience in a technical support/helpdesk or IT service role.</li>
<li>Strong troubleshooting mindset and willingness to learn cloud communications technology.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Excellent verbal and written communication skills – must be confident in customer-facing interactions.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Comfortable with Windows OS, basic networking concepts (IP, DNS, VPN), and SaaS platforms.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Experience using <strong>ticketing tools </strong>like Zendesk or Jira.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Understanding of SAML specification to support Client Single Sign On (SSO)<br><br></li>
</ul>
<p><span style="text-decoration: underline;"><strong>Optional qualifications:</strong>&nbsp;</span></p>
<ul>
<li>Experience supporting trader voice or communications tools.</li>
<li>Familiarity with VoIP/SIP-based systems or cloud PBX platforms.</li>
<li>Exposure to financial services or fintech environments.</li>
<li>Understanding of service SLAs and incident escalation workflows.&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p></p>
<p><span style="text-decoration: underline;"><strong>Compensation:</strong></span></p>
<ul>
<li>Competitive salary</li>
<li>Bonus Plan</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><span style="text-decoration: underline;"><strong>Benefits and Perks:</strong></span></p>
<ul>
<li>Regional specific competitive benefits</li>
<li>Build your own Benefits (BYOB) perk</li>
<li>Local events, team building, and development opportunities&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. We will ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p></p>