<p><strong>This is Adyen</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Adyen provides payments, data, and financial products in a single solution for customers like Meta, Uber, H&amp;M, and Microsoft - making us the financial technology platform of choice. At Adyen, everything we do is engineered for ambition.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">For our teams, we create an environment with opportunities for our people to succeed, backed by the culture and support to ensure they are enabled to truly own their careers. We are motivated individuals who tackle unique technical challenges at scale and solve them as a team. Together, we deliver innovative and ethical solutions that help businesses achieve their ambitions faster.</span></p>
<p><strong>HR Business Partner&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>Adyen is looking for a HR Business Partner to contribute to the growth and scale of our teams within EMEA, and across the globe. This role will be supporting our local team in France, Germany, and UK as well as other international teams in EMEA across our Commercial groups. In this role, you will be working with senior regional leaders, team leads and employees in all people programs such as (but not limited to) talent development, employee engagement and performance management. You will work closely with leaders to complement them, challenge and coach them on best practices. You will help them develop and support the execution of people strategies to ensure we are creating the best experience for our people.</p>
<p><strong>What you’ll do</strong>:&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>Work closely together with the EMEA Leadership Teams and our global Commercial teams to drive the HR strategy</li>
<li>Be a coach and trusted HR advisor to regional functional leaders across all aspects of their team including leadership development, succession planning, location strategy, org design, etc.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Support managers and team leads in employee relations matters when needed.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Champion Diversity, Equity and Inclusion and other global initiatives across your organizations</li>
<li>Take the lead in driving regional HR processes such as workforce planning and the bi-annual performance review.</li>
<li>Collaborate with the global HR team (Rewards, L&amp;D, HR Innovations and Recruitment) to meet business objectives and develop, enhance and launch initiatives aligned with the evolving needs of our business at a global scale</li>
<li>Take a data-driven approach to all HR processes while identifying opportunities for improvement&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Who you are:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><strong>4+ years’ experience</strong> working with EMEA teams, managers and leaders at all levels in a <strong>business partner role</strong> at a high-pace company</li>
<li>You speak fluent English; fluency in French is preferred but not mandatory</li>
<li>You have a strong sense of self and build trust quickly to become a trusted business advisor at all levels of the organization</li>
<li>You are able to question the status quo with managers and work with them to define new solutions to old problems</li>
<li>You are well versed in organizational dynamics, know what healthy, motivated, growing teams look like, and can give guidance on what to do to make this even better;</li>
<li>You’re hands-on, but know how to collaborate and prioritize (constantly looking for how things can be done more simply or automated)</li>
<li>You’re excited to try new approaches, do things differently, and aren’t afraid to “build as you go”</li>
<li>You’re a change agent who thrives in a fast paced/unstructured environment and can effectively engage those around you to get them excited about the future</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Our Diversity, Equity and Inclusion commitments&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Our unique approach is a product of our diverse perspectives. This diversity of backgrounds and cultures is essential in helping us maintain our momentum. Our business and technical challenges are unique, and we need as many different voices as possible to join us in solving them - voices like yours. No matter who you are or where you’re from, we welcome you to be your true self at Adyen.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Studies show that women and members of underrepresented communities apply for jobs only if they meet 100% of the qualifications. Does this sound like you? If so, Adyen encourages you to reconsider and apply. We look forward to your application!</span></p>
<p><strong>What’s next?</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Ensuring a smooth and enjoyable candidate experience is critical for us. We aim to get back to you regarding your application within 5 business days. Our interview process tends to take about 4 weeks to complete, but may fluctuate depending on the role. </span><a href="https://careers.adyen.com/how-we-hire"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Learn more about our hiring process here</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">. Don’t be afraid to let us know if you need more flexibility.</span></p>
<p>This role is based in our Amsterdam office. We are an office-first company and value in-person collaboration; we do not offer remote-only roles.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>