<p>As a Senior Engagement Manager, Professional Services Sales, you will be a key leader within the Sales organization and work cross-functionally with the Application Modernization Platform (AMP), Professional Services (Delivery), and Customer Success organizations to drive professional services sales and subscription renewals. This is a quota carrying position.</p>
<p>We are looking to speak to candidates who are based in Bengaluru or Gurugram for our hybrid working model.</p>
<h3>An ideal candidate will have</h3>
<ul>
<li>A BS degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, Engineering or equivalent professional experience</li>
<li>7+ years experience in the sale of Professional Services and/or technology solutions at an enterprise software company</li>
<li>Experience owning their own PS quota, pipeline generation, and forecasting</li>
<li>An understanding of the intersection of AI &amp; Modernization</li>
<li>Strong presentation skills: Showing the value, capabilities, and differentiators of complex service solutions using methodologies and service offerings</li>
<li>The ability to collaborate as a part of a larger account team to build and execute complex account strategies and sales plays</li>
<li>An ability to scope and estimate projects</li>
<li>Ability to travel up to 20% of the time</li>
</ul>
<h3>Other helpful skills include</h3>
<ul>
<li>Experience with delivery of professional services (ie. Project Manager/Consultant, Pre-Sales or Sales)</li>
<li>General knowledge of Databases (RDBMS, SQL, NoSQL)</li>
<li>Knowledge of the software development lifecycle and associated development methodologies (e.g. Agile, Waterfall)</li>
<li>Knowledge of software architecture including both cloud and on-premise technologies e.g. AWS, Azure, GCP, Kubernetes, Openshift</li>
</ul>
<h3>What you’ll do at MongoDB</h3>
<ul>
<li>Understand customers’ overall portfolio of applications and datasets, IT and business priorities and success measures to adapt, develop and design specific digital transformation approaches involving MongoDB technologies</li>
<li>Help transform companies by translating their use-cases, pains, and needs into scoped projects and statements of work (SOWs)</li>
<li>Partner with a best-in-class sales organization and work effectively as a part of a larger team to develop account strategies and plans for the successful adoption, growth, and utilization of MongoDB</li>
<li>Have a solid sense of ownership, driving all deals or technical scoping from inception to closure</li>
<li>Manage the Professional Services pipeline for bookings and revenue forecasts for your region</li>
<li>Expertly articulate the business value of professional services, talking knowledgeably and credibly about service delivery issues, challenges, strategies, approaches, and mitigating risks</li>
<li>Work with our practice team to propagate internal skills and experience through the development of repeatable assets (estimates, proposals, SOWs, templates, tools, case studies etc.)</li>
<li>Work with the delivery team to transition any agreed upon project scope and customer expectations to ensure successful project delivery</li>
<li>Proactively seek opportunities to support and mentor other team members and share best practices</li>
<li>Have situational awareness and react appropriately in group settings</li>
</ul>
<h3>About MongoDB</h3>
<p>MongoDB is built for change, empowering our customers and our people to innovate at the speed of the market. We have redefined the database for the AI era, enabling innovators to create, transform, and disrupt industries with software. MongoDB’s unified database platform, the most widely available, globally distributed database on the market, helps organizations modernize legacy workloads, embrace innovation, and unleash AI. Our cloud-native platform, MongoDB Atlas, is the only globally distributed, multi-cloud database and is available across AWS, Google Cloud, and Microsoft Azure.</p>
<p>With offices worldwide and over 60,000 customers, including 75% of the Fortune 100 and AI-native startups, relying on MongoDB for their most important applications, we’re powering the next era of software.</p>
<p>Our compass at MongoDB is our <a href="https://www.mongodb.com/company">Leadership Commitment,</a> guiding how and why we make decisions, show up for each other, and win. It’s what makes us MongoDB.&nbsp;</p>
<p>To drive the personal growth and business impact of our employees, we’re committed to developing a supportive and enriching culture for everyone. <a href="https://www.mongodb.com/company/blog/culture/employee-benefits-that-make-a-difference-at-mongodb">From employee affinity groups, to fertility assistance and a generous parental leave policy</a>, we value our employees’ wellbeing and want to support them along every step of their professional and personal journeys.<a href="https://www.mongodb.com/blog/channel/culture"> Learn more about what it’s like to work at MongoDB</a>, and help us make an impact on the world!</p>
<p>MongoDB is committed to providing any necessary accommodations for individuals with disabilities within our application and interview process. To request an accommodation due to a disability, please inform your recruiter.</p>
<p>MongoDB is an equal opportunities employer.</p>
<table class="fields">
<tbody>
<tr>
<td>Requisition ID</td>
<td data-provides="requisition\_id">1273399790</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>