<div class="content-intro"><p><strong>About Mixpanel</strong></p>
<p>Mixpanel turns data clarity into innovation. Trusted by more than 29,000 companies, including Workday, Pinterest, LG, and Rakuten Viber, Mixpanel’s AI-first digital analytics help teams accelerate adoption, improve retention, and ship with confidence. Powering this is an industry-leading platform that combines product and web analytics, session replay, experimentation, feature flags, and metric trees. Mixpanel delivers insights that customers trust. Visit <a href="mixpanel.com" target="\_blank">mixpanel.com</a> to learn more.</p></div><p><strong>About The Support Team</strong></p>
<p>Mixpanel Support is a team of talented problem-solvers from diverse backgrounds. We care deeply about helping our customers be successful and enabling them to get value from their data. We are located all over the world in San Francisco, Barcelona, London, and Singapore...</p>
<p><strong>About The Role</strong></p>
<p>The right candidate is an avid learner, an advocate for customers, and a collaborative teammate. The main responsibility of a Support Engineer is to help users solve technical challenges and use Mixpanel to make impactful product decisions. We’ve had team members focus on developing their technical skills to join the product and engineering teams, hone their customer-facing skills to become customer success managers or sales engineers, and take on leadership roles in the Support organization.</p>
<p><strong>Responsibilities</strong></p>
<p>The core responsibility of a Support Engineer is to support our customers at every turn in the Mixpanel journey by providing answers to product questions, sharing best practices, and debugging technical issues. You'll also develop your technical skills, collaborate with our Product team to improve our product, learn product analytics,s and mentor new team members.</p>
<ul>
<li>Become a Mixpanel product expert - you will help users understand our reports and features, help them use our APIs and SDKs, share best practices, and resolve account issues</li>
<li>Respond to customer inquiries via Zendesk email, chat, Slack, and phone calls</li>
<li>Investigate and document bugs and feature requests to share with our Product and Engineering teams</li>
<li>Provide feedback regarding internal support processes, product functionality, and customer education resources to improve the customer experience</li>
<li>Shape the product by regularly working closely with PM’s, engineers, and designers to incorporate customer learnings into change</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>We're Looking For Someone Who Has</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Experience providing customer facing SAAS support (in customer support, professional services, technical account management or similar)</li>
<li>Ability to communicate technical concepts effectively in a clear, friendly writing style</li>
<li>Excellent problem-solving and analytical skills</li>
<li>Programming experience, understanding of web &amp; mobile technologies,s and interacting with APIs</li>
<li>Experience with debugging and collaborating with engineering to resolve complex technical issues, especially with JavaScript, Python, or mobile technologies</li>
<li>Ability to be resourceful and resilient when faced with ambiguity and new challenges</li>
<li>Dedication to developing expertise in a complex and constantly evolving product</li>
<li>Interest and aptitude to develop technical skills and learn new technologies</li>
<li>Experience providing SLA based support and/or dedicated support to strategic customers</li>
<li>Speak Hebrew and fluent English</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Bonus Points</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Experience with Mixpanel or other analytics tools</li>
<li>Familiar with databases and cloud data warehouses like Google Cloud, Amazon Redshift, Microsoft Azure, Snowflake, Databricks, etc.</li>
<li>Familiar with product analytics implementation methods like SDKs, Customer Data Platforms (CDPs), Event Streaming, Reverse ETL, etc.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>Benefits and Perks</strong><strong><br></strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Comprehensive Medical, Vision, and Dental Care</li>
<li>Mental Wellness Benefit</li>
<li>Generous Vacation Policy &amp; Additional Company Holidays</li>
<li>Enhanced Parental Leave</li>
<li>Volunteer Time Off</li>
<li>Additional US Benefits: Pre-Tax Benefits including 401(K), Wellness Benefit, Holiday Break</li>
</ul>
<p><em>\*please note that benefits and perks for contract positions will vary\*</em></p>
<p><strong>Culture Values</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><strong>Make Bold Bets:</strong> We choose courageous action over comfortable progress.</li>
<li><strong>Innovate with Insight:</strong> We tackle decisions with rigor and judgment - combining data, experience and collective wisdom to drive&nbsp;powerful outcomes.</li>
<li><strong>One Team:</strong> We collaborate across boundaries to achieve far greater impact than any of us could accomplish alone.</li>
<li><strong>Candor with Connection:</strong> We build meaningful relationships that enable honest feedback and direct conversations.</li>
<li><strong>Champion the Customer:</strong> We seek to deeply understand our customers’ needs, ensuring their success is our north star.</li>
<li><strong>Powerful Simplicity:</strong> We find elegant solutions to complex problems, making sophisticated things accessible.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Why choose Mixpanel?</strong></p>
<p>We’re a leader in analytics with over 9,000 customers and $277M raised from prominent investors: like Andreessen-Horowitz, Sequoia, YC, and, most recently, Bain Capital. Mixpanel’s pioneering event-based data analytics platform offers a powerful yet simple solution for companies to understand user behaviors and easily track overarching company success metrics. Our accomplished teams continuously facilitate our expansion by tackling the ever-evolving challenges tied to scaling, reliability, design, and service. Choosing to work at Mixpanel means you’ll be helping the world’s most innovative companies learn from their data so they can make better decisions.</p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Mixpanel is an equal opportunity employer supporting workforce diversity. At Mixpanel, we are focused on things that really matter—our people, our customers, our partners—out of a recognition that those relationships are the most valuable assets we have. We actively encourage women, people with disabilities, veterans, underrepresented minorities, and LGBTQ+ people to apply. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance or other similar laws that may be applicable, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records. We’ve immersed ourselves in our Culture and Values as our guiding principles for the impact we want to have and the future we are building.</span></p></div>