<div class="content-intro"><p>Fastly helps people stay better connected with the things they love. Fastly’s edge cloud platform enables customers to create great digital experiences quickly, securely, and reliably by processing, serving, and securing our customers’ applications as close to their end-users as possible — at the edge of the Internet. The platform is designed to take advantage of the modern internet, to be programmable, and to support agile software development. Fastly’s customers include many of the world’s most prominent companies, including GitHub, Yelp, Paramount, and JetBlue.</p>
<p>We're building a more trustworthy Internet. Come join us.</p></div><p><strong>Posting Open Date: </strong>20 March, 2026&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Anticipated Posting Close Date\*: </strong>20<strong> </strong>April, 2026</p>
<p><em>\*Job posting may close early due to the volume of applicants.</em></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Staff Software Engineer, Traffic Management Systems&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>Fastly's Traffic Management Systems Team owns and operates the services used to balance the CDN’s traffic globally, as well as Fastly’s Managed DNS product. We are building a world-class DNS product with an autonomous control system that makes real-time data-driven decisions to ensure high levels of availability and performance across our network. We are seeking a technical leader with experience in designing, building and operating distributed systems that are scalable, fault tolerant and easy to manage. You'll be joining a team responsible for critical network services, used by some of the world’s most popular companies to power the Internet. Many of our largest customers rely on our work to ensure a performant and delightful experience for their users. You will play a critical role in ensuring the team's continued success in delivering innovative capabilities.</p>
<p><strong>What You'll Do:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Technical leadership of full lifecycle projects, driving project progress and collaborating with stakeholders</li>
<li>Coordinate and communicate with the team members and across other technical and cross functional teams</li>
<li>Prioritize scalability, security, performance and reliability in the design of the applications you support</li>
<li>Write code that is performant, maintainable, clear, and concise and contribute to code reviews, improving the codebase and other team processes</li>
<li>Mentor and support other engineers, fostering a culture of knowledge sharing, innovation, and collaboration within the team</li>
<li>Participate in on-call rotation as needed</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>What We're Looking For:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>At least 7+ years of experience designing and developing software components on Unix/Linux platforms</li>
<li>5+ years of professional software development experience, designing, building, and deploying production-ready applications, with focus on network protocols such as TCP, HTTP(S), DNS etc.</li>
<li>Track record of writing resilient and maintainable Rust, C, C++ and/or Go code</li>
<li>Strong written and verbal communication skills with the ability to articulate complex technical ideas across multi-functional teams</li>
<li>A passion for learning, and sharing what you’ve learned with others</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>We’ll be super impressed if you have experience in any of these:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Protocol fluency and hands-on experience developing and operating DNS servers</li>
<li>Experience with major cloud infrastructure providers such as AWS, GCP and/or Azure&nbsp;</li>
<li>Experience with infrastructure as code systems like terraform and Kubernetes</li>
<li>Familiarity with monitoring solutions like Prometheus and Grafana</li>
<li>Experience with Machine Learning &amp; Analytical tools</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Work Hours:</strong></p>
<p>This position will require you to be available during core business hours and occasional nights and weekends as required for on-call support.&nbsp;</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Work Location(s) &amp; Travel Requirements:</strong>&nbsp;</p>
<p>This position is open to the following preferred office locations:</p>
<ul>
<li>San Francisco, CA</li>
<li>New York, NY</li>
<li>Denver, CO</li>
<li>London, UK</li>
</ul>
<p>Fastly currently embraces a largely hybrid model for most roles which allows employees flexibility to split their time between the office and home.&nbsp;</p>
<p>There is a strong preference for Hybrid near a local office.&nbsp; However, we may be willing to consider remote candidates within the UK.</p>
<p>This position may require travel, including to the United States, as required by your role or requested by your manager.</p>
<p>Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance and the Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Salary:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>The estimated salary range for this position when hired in the UK is £124,780 to £149,737.</p>
<p>Starting salary may vary based on permissible, non-discriminatory factors such as experience, skills, qualifications, and location.</p>
<p>This role may be eligible to participate in Fastly’s equity and discretionary bonus programs.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Benefits:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>We care about you. Fastly works hard to create a positive environment for our employees, and we think your life outside of work is important too. We support our teams with great benefits that start on the first day of your employment with Fastly. We offer a comprehensive benefits package designed to meet your needs. Our offerings may vary depending on the country where you work and are subject to change.</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>Why Fastly?</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>
<p><strong>We have a huge impact.</strong>&nbsp;Fastly is a small company with a big reach. Not only do<a class="external-link" href="https://www.fastly.com/customers" target="\_blank">&nbsp;our customers</a>&nbsp;have a tremendous user base, but we also support a growing number of<a class="external-link" href="https://www.fastly.com/open-source/" target="\_blank">&nbsp;open source projects and initiatives</a>.&nbsp;Outside of code, employees are encouraged to share causes close to their heart with others so we can help lend a supportive hand.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p><strong>We value diversity.</strong>&nbsp;Growing and maintaining our inclusive and diverse team matters to us. We are committed to being a company where our employees feel comfortable bringing their authentic selves to work and have the ability to be successful -- every day.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p><strong>We are passionate.</strong>&nbsp;Fastly is chock full of passionate people and we’re not ‘one size fits all’. Fastly employs authors, pilots, skiers, parents (of humans and animals), makeup geeks, coffee connoisseurs, and more. We love employees for who they are and what they are passionate about.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>We’re always looking for humble, sharp, and creative folks to join the Fastly team. If you think you might be a fit please apply!</strong><strong> A fully completed application and resume or CV are required when applying.</strong></p>
<p><em>All job applications must be submitted through our official careers site at </em><a href="http://www.fastly.com/careers"><em>www.fastly.com/about/careers</em></a><em>. We will never request sensitive information, such as your Social Security number, bank account or credit card information during the application process. All official communication will come from an @</em><a href="http://fastly.com"><em>fastly.com</em></a><em> or @</em><a href="http://recruiting.fastly.com"><em>recruiting.fastly.com</em></a><em> email address. </em></p>
<p><em><span style="font-weight: 400;">Fastly is committed to ensuring equal employment opportunity and to providing employees with a safe and welcoming work environment free of discrimination and harassment. Our employment decisions are based on business needs, job requirements and individual qualifications.</span></em><em><span style="font-weight: 400;"> All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, family or parental status, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances.</span></em></p>
<p><em><span style="font-weight: 400;">Consistent with the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) and federal or state disability laws, Fastly will provide reasonable accommodations for applicants and employees with disabilities. If reasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and/or to receive other benefits and privileges of employment, please contact your Recruiter, or the Fastly Employee Relations team at </span></em><a href="mailto:candidateaccommodations@fastly.com"><em><span style="font-weight: 400;">candidateaccommodations@fastly.com</span></em></a><em><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or 501-287-4901.&nbsp; </span></em></p>
<p><em>Fastly collects and processes personal data submitted by job applicants in accordance with our<a class="external-link" href="https://www.fastly.com/privacy" target="\_blank">&nbsp;Privacy Policy</a>. Please see our<a class="external-link" href="https://www.fastly.com/privacy-job-applicants" target="\_blank">&nbsp;privacy notice for job applicants</a>.</em></p></div>