<div class="content-intro"><h2><strong>About Remote</strong></h2>
<div><span style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">Remote is solving modern organizations’ biggest challenge – navigating global employment compliantly with ease. We make it possible for businesses of all sizes to recruit, pay, and manage international teams. With our core values at heart and future focused work culture, our team works tirelessly on ambitious problems, asynchronously, around the world. You can find Remoters working from 6 different continents (Antarctica left to go!) and all of our positions are fully remote.<br><br><span class="discussion-id-2f7cb4da-dab4-8068-a80f-001c50b2d808 suggestion-update notion-enable-hover" data-token-index="0">With Innovation as one of the core values, we have built Automation and AI capabilities into the requirements for every role.</span><br><br>We encourage every member of the Remote team to bring their talents, experiences and culture to the table to help us build the best-in-class HR platform.</span></div>
<div>&nbsp;</div>
<div><span style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">If you are energetic, curious, motivated and ambitious, be part of our world. Apply now and define the future of work!</span></div></div><p><strong>This is not an active job opening, but a way for us to connect with talent as we plan for future opportunities. If you prefer to interview only for currently open roles, we kindly ask that you wait until an active position aligns with your career goals.</strong></p>
<p>We’re always looking for exceptional talent to join us in our mission to make work accessible for everyone, everywhere. While this specific role isn’t currently open, we’re planning for strategic growth in 2026 and beyond. This posting is part of our future opening pipeline initiative, which helps us connect with outstanding professionals early on.</p>
<p>By expressing your interest in this role, you’ll have the opportunity to start a conversation with us about your expertise and learn more about Remote’s vision and goals. It’s also a chance to explore how your career goals might fit into Remote’s exciting journey of global growth.&nbsp;We’ll keep your information on file for 1 year and be in touch if we see a match in that time.</p>
<h2><strong>What this job can offer you</strong></h2>
<p>This is an exciting time to join Remote and make a personal difference in the global employment space as a Lifecycle Specialist - Contracts Management, joining our&nbsp;Employee Lifecycle team.</p>
<p>The Specialist, Lifecycle - Contracts Management will ensure that all contract related activities for Remote’s external employees and clients are performed with focus on legal compliance and superior employee experience without compromising on speed.</p>
<p>You will be reporting to Employee Lifecycle Manager.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<h2><strong>What you bring</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Demonstrate proven experience with a strong background in managing employee lifecycle events with care, sensitivity and legal compliance; and providing comprehensive HR support and guidance on employment laws and regulations, spanning various jurisdictions.</li>
<li>Display excellent communication, influencing, conflict management, and negotiation skills, with the ability to confidently lead difficult conversations to a positive outcome, often where parties have conflicting interests, maintaining professionalism and strict confidentiality.</li>
<li>Possess advanced proficiency in written and spoken English at a business level, with additional languages considered a plus.</li>
<li>Show an an aptitude and enthusiasm for innovating and optimizing processes, consistently identifying and implementing opportunities for automation and promoting best practices.</li>
<li>Demonstrate efficiency in operations, with an awareness of the importance of thorough documentation and data integrity.</li>
<li>Be Tech-savvy, with the ability to successfully collaborate asynchronously on various tools, and adapt to new and evolving systems.</li>
<li>Capable of working independently and cohesively in an international team in a fast-paced, asynchronous, remote environment with multiple priorities. Willingness to work flexible hours as needed.</li>
<li>Familiar with communication, documentation, and project management tools such as Notion, Slack, Zendesk and G-suite.</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Key Responsibilities&nbsp;</strong></h2>
<p><strong>Employee Relations Management</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Serve as custodian of employment terms and agreements, and assist Senior Specialists and Experts on complex projects, including implementing and advising clients and employees on employment law changes from Collective Bargaining Agreement updates.</li>
<li>Draft, tailor and administer all employee lifecycle documents with accuracy and attention to detail for both internal and external employees of Remote through out the employee lifecycle including but not limited to issuance of Employment agreement amendments, Employment documents, Letters and Employment Forms as necessary in the capacity of Remote’s global HR team.</li>
<li>Advise on employment legislation and provide guidance on both basic and complex legal interpretations as outlined in employment agreements as a trusted consultant to clients and employees.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Team and Operational Excellence</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Collaborate with and coordinate various internal and external stakeholders to ensure compliance in employee lifecycle activities, including but not limited to payroll, legal counsel, government bodies, and trade unions.</li>
<li>Assist Senior Specialists to manage critical initiatives that impact numerous employees across multiple countries and support HR and financial audits to ensure compliance with local employment regulations.</li>
<li>Develop and update global internal documentation pertaining to Contracts Management, based on legislative changes, referenced by all internal teams. Proactively address internal and external inquiries on all employment matters in collaboration with Lifecycle’s internal stakeholders.</li>
<li>Actively identify opportunities for and contribute to process improvements, automation, product development and overall customer and employee experience through the employee lifecycle process.</li>
<li>Safely manage and maintain employee data and confidential information, adhering to established protocols, and ensuring utmost professionalism and discretion in handling and accessing such information</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Practicals</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li><strong>You'll report to:</strong> Manager, Contract management, Lifecycle</li>
<li><strong>Team:</strong> Lifecycle Operations</li>
<li><strong>Location</strong>: For this position we welcome everyone to apply, but we will prioritize applications from the following locations as we encourage our teams to diversify; APAC</li>
<li><strong>Start date:</strong> As soon as possible</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Application process</strong></h2>
<ol>
<li>Interview with recruiter</li>
<li>Interview with future manager</li>
<li>(async) Small challenge</li>
<li>Interview with Senior Manager</li>
<li><a href="https://www.notion.so/Bar-Raiser-Interviews-145cb4dadab4805386fbed0892ae0f53?pvs=21">Bar Raiser Interview</a></li>
<li><a href="https://www.notion.so/Veremark-Remote-96e108c037b8423cbd4c3f07a1f9b38b">Prior employment verification check</a>&nbsp;</li>
</ol><div class="content-pay-transparency"><div class="pay-input"><div class="description"><p>Remote's <a href="https://www.notion.so/remotecom/people-Total-Rewards-1945bce8d3924ece9421ba8630f57b0c">Total Rewards philosophy</a> is to ensure fair, unbiased compensation and fair <span class="link-annotation-unknown-block-id-1691622878">equity</span><span class="discussion-level-1 discussion-id-f2a82bc4-09e4-4a71-ad93-755b1d26a690 notion-enable-hover" data-token-index="3"> pay </span>along with competitive benefits in all locations in which we operate. We do not agree to or encourage cheap-labor practices and therefore we ensure to pay above in-location rates. We hope to inspire other companies to support global talent-hiring and bring local wealth to developing countries.</p>
<p>At first glance our salary bands seem quite wide - here is some context. At Remote we have international operations and a globally distributed workforce.&nbsp; We use geo ranges to consider geographic pay differentials as part of our global compensation strategy to remain competitive in various markets while we hiring globally.<br><br>Our salary ranges are determined by role, level and location, and our job titles may span more than one career level. The actual base pay for the successful candidate in this role is dependent upon many factors such as location, transferable or job-related skills, work experience, relevant training, business needs, and market demands. The base salary range may be subject to change.<br><br><em data-stringify-type="italic">At Remote, we foster internal mobility as a key element of our culture of employee growth and development, supported by a compensation philosophy that guarantees pay equity and fairness. Therefore, all compensation changes associated with an internal move will be reviewed by the Total Rewards &amp; People Enablement team on a case by case basis.</em></p></div><div class="title">The annual salary range for this full-time position is</div><div class="pay-range"><span>$29,750</span><span class="divider">&mdash;</span><span>$67,000 USD</span></div></div></div><div class="content-conclusion"><h2><strong>Benefits</strong></h2>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section">
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">Our full benefits &amp; perks are explained in our handbook at&nbsp;<a class="c-link" href="http://remote.com/r/benefits" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="http://remote.com/r/benefits" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">remote.com/r/benefits</a>. As a global company, each country works differently, but some benefits/perks are for all Remoters:</span></div>
<ul class="p-rich\_text\_list p-rich\_text\_list\_\_bullet" data-stringify-type="unordered-list" data-indent="0" data-border="0">
<li style="font-size: 12pt;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">work from anywhere</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">flexible paid time off</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">flexible working hours (we are&nbsp;<a class="c-link" href="https://remote.com/async" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://www.notion.so/remotecom/Working-Async-at-Remote-80c01cd443ad4c77a8ceaef7c5fba5d0" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">async</a>)</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">16 weeks paid parental leave</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">mental health support services</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">stock options</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">learning budget</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">home office budget &amp; IT equipment</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">budget for local in-person social events or co-working spaces</span></li>
</ul>
</div>
<h2><strong>How you’ll plan your day (and life)</strong></h2>
<p><span style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">We work async at Remote which means you can plan your schedule around your life (and not around meetings). Read more at <a href="https://remote.com/async" target="\_blank">remote.com/async</a>.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">You will be empowered to take ownership and be proactive. When in doubt you will default to action instead of waiting. Your <strong>life-work balance</strong> is important and you will be encouraged to put yourself and your family first, and fit work around your needs.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">If that sounds like something you want, apply now!</span></p>
<h2><strong>How to apply</strong></h2>
<ol>
<li style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;"><span style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">Please fill out the form below and upload your CV with a PDF format.</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;"><span style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;"><strong data-stringify-type="bold">We kindly ask you to submit your application and CV in English, as this is the standardised language we use here at Remote.</strong></span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif; text-align: left;"><span style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">If you don’t have an up to date CV but you are still interested in talking to us, please feel free to add a copy of your LinkedIn profile instead.</span></li>
</ol>
<p><span style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">Not only do we encourage folks from all ethnic groups, genders, sexuality, age, abilities, disability status and any other under-represented group to apply, but we prioritize a sense of belonging. We have 4 ERGs (Women, Disability, Queer, Minorities in Tech) who meet regularly with the People team. During your interviews and beyond, we ask &amp; encourage anybody who needs an accommodation to request one from their recruiter.<br></span></p>
<p><span style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">We will ask you to voluntarily tell us your pronouns at interview stage, and you will have the option to answer our anonymous demographic questionnaire when you apply below. As an equal employment opportunity employer it’s important to us that our workforce reflects people of all backgrounds, identities, and experiences and this data will help us to stay accountable. We thank you for providing this data, if you chose to.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">At Remote, we embrace AI as a valuable tool while prioritizing human creativity and authenticity.&nbsp;We look forward to meeting candidates who balance innovation with genuine expertise and experience.&nbsp;To learn more about Remote's AI guidelines check see&nbsp;<a href="https://www.notion.so/remotecom/Guidelines-on-using-AI-when-applying-for-a-job-at-Remote-11ccb4dadab4805f80a7c73b6567bd8f" target="\_blank" data-saferedirecturl="https://www.google.com/url?q=https://www.notion.so/remotecom/Guidelines-on-using-AI-when-applying-for-a-job-at-Remote-11ccb4dadab4805f80a7c73b6567bd8f&amp;source=gmail&amp;ust=1733927526443000&amp;usg=AOvVaw2sIVooKuyGfRra1PtGXreV">here</a>.&nbsp;</span><br><br><span style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;"><em>Please note we accept applications on an ongoing basis.&nbsp;</em></span></p></div>