<p>To help facilitate a seamless and inspiring interview experience for our candidates, we’re looking for an upbeat and hardworking Candidate Experience Coordinator to join our team!&nbsp; This person will be tasked with a heavy load of interview scheduling, but will also be given the opportunity to work closely on projects with the Recruiting Team. This opportunity will expose you to the fast-paced world of enterprise software and presents an outstanding opportunity to develop your career.&nbsp;&nbsp;</p>
<p>We are looking to speak to candidates who are based in Sydney for our hybrid working model.&nbsp;</p>
<h3>Responsibilities</h3>
<ul>
<li>Partner with a team of Recruiters to schedule phone, video, and in-person interviews</li>
<li>Own candidate experience; ensuring timely communication throughout the interview process</li>
<li>Using our Applicant Tracking Systems (Greenhouse) to move candidates through the interview process and keep in close touch with your candidates to guide them through their upcoming interviews</li>
<li>Arrange travel and accommodation for out of town candidates&nbsp;</li>
<li>Greet candidates, make them feel welcome, and ensure on-site interviews run smoothly (when onsite interviews are occurring)</li>
<li>Assist with operational responsibilities including: job requisition creation, offer letter generation, and kicking off background checks&nbsp;</li>
<li>Support the Recruiting team with projects on an ad-hoc basis</li>
</ul>
<h3>Requirements</h3>
<ul>
<li>Outstanding organizational skills; superb attention to detail</li>
<li>You have at least 1 year of experience as a recruiting coordinator, admin, or intern</li>
<li>You have had experience scheduling interviews and/or calendaring</li>
<li>Ability to be a team player; adept at working with multiple people at any given time</li>
<li>You are creative and process-driven; you’re constantly looking for ways to make things work more efficiently</li>
<li>You’re a people person and like building relationships</li>
<li>You did your homework on MongoDB, and recognize the outstanding things that are happening here and want in</li>
<li>Previous experience working in a Candidate Experience/Recruiting Coordinator role is advantageous</li>
<li>This role requires some flexibility to attend to urgent candidate matters outside of working hours</li>
</ul>
<h3>About MongoDB</h3>
<p>MongoDB is built for change, empowering our customers and our people to innovate at the speed of the market. We have redefined the database for the AI era, enabling innovators to create, transform, and disrupt industries with software. MongoDB’s unified database platform, the most widely available, globally distributed database on the market, helps organizations modernize legacy workloads, embrace innovation, and unleash AI. Our cloud-native platform, MongoDB Atlas, is the only globally distributed, multi-cloud database and is available across AWS, Google Cloud, and Microsoft Azure.</p>
<p>With offices worldwide and over 60,000 customers, including 75% of the Fortune 100 and AI-native startups, relying on MongoDB for their most important applications, we’re powering the next era of software.</p>
<p>Our compass at MongoDB is our <a href="https://www.mongodb.com/company">Leadership Commitment,</a> guiding how and why we make decisions, show up for each other, and win. It’s what makes us MongoDB.&nbsp;</p>
<p>To drive the personal growth and business impact of our employees, we’re committed to developing a supportive and enriching culture for everyone. <a href="https://www.mongodb.com/company/blog/culture/employee-benefits-that-make-a-difference-at-mongodb">From employee affinity groups, to fertility assistance and a generous parental leave policy</a>, we value our employees’ wellbeing and want to support them along every step of their professional and personal journeys.<a href="https://www.mongodb.com/blog/channel/culture"> Learn more about what it’s like to work at MongoDB</a>, and help us make an impact on the world!</p>
<p>MongoDB is committed to providing any necessary accommodations for individuals with disabilities within our application and interview process. To request an accommodation due to a disability, please inform your recruiter.</p>
<p>MongoDB is an equal opportunities employer.</p>
<p><em>REQ ID: 4263335113</em></p>