<p>At JetBrains, code is our passion. Ever since we started, back in 2000, we have strived to make the strongest, most effective developer tools on earth. By automating routine checks and corrections, our tools speed up production, freeing developers to grow, discover, and create.</p>
<p>YouTrack is JetBrains’ project management and team collaboration tool available in the cloud or as an on-premises solution. Thousands of teams worldwide rely on YouTrack to collaborate on projects of various sizes. Using YouTrack as both an internal project management tool and a public issue tracker, JetBrains teams set up their processes with the product’s customization features, such as workflows and apps.&nbsp;</p>
<p>We are seeking an Internal Automation Engineer to design and maintain automations for internal teams, write and develop YouTrack workflows, integrate third-party services, own existing internal code, and help teams set up effective processes. You’ll be the go-to partner for internal stakeholders, translating their goals into robust, scalable solutions in YouTrack.&nbsp;</p>
<p>For a general understanding of the currently available app-related and workflow APIs, refer to our&nbsp;<a href="https://www.jetbrains.com/help/youtrack/devportal/youtrack-dev-portal.html">Development Portal</a>.</p>
<h1>In this role, you will:</h1>
<ul>
<li>Process and triage internal requests from JetBrains teams, from simple configuration requests to complex integrations with third-party tools.</li>
<li>Design, develop, test, and maintain YouTrack workflows and apps.</li>
<li>Help teams adopt best practices in YouTrack, setting up projects, fields, workflows, and automations.</li>
<li>Own and maintain the codebase of existing automation and workflow modules, improving quality, observability, and performance.</li>
<li>Gather requirements from teams, map their needs into YouTrack’s capabilities, propose architecture, and estimate trade-offs.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Regularly collaborate and communicate with the development team.</li>
<li>Contribute to internal documentation, templates, best practices, and training on how to use YouTrack.</li>
</ul>
<h1>We’d be happy to have you on our team if you:</h1>
<ul>
<li>Have solid knowledge of JavaScript and/or TypeScript.</li>
<li>Have a strong understanding of REST APIs, webhooks, and integration patterns and their usages.</li>
<li>Have experience with version control systems like Git.</li>
<li>Possess a high proficiency in spoken and written English.</li>
<li>Have excellent communication skills, with the ability to explain complex technical topics to non-technical stakeholders.</li>
<li>Are able to work independently.</li>
<li>Can switch contexts efficiently and handle multiple requests throughout the day.</li>
<li>Can prioritize tasks effectively.</li>
<li>Are curious with a willingness to learn. If your background is in another technical area, or if you’re just starting your career, we can support you in growing into the role.</li>
</ul>
<h1>We’d be especially thrilled if you:</h1>
<ul>
<li>Have experience with HTML and CSS.</li>
<li>Have experience with React.</li>
<li>Have experience with C#, Java, Kotlin, or any other high-level language.</li>
<li>Are familiar with project management tools.</li>
</ul>
<p></p>
<h2><span style="font-size: 14pt;"><strong>Why join JetBrains?</strong></span></h2>
<ul>
<li>Strong base salary. We offer competitive pay that reflects your skills and experience.</li>
<li>Flexible work location. Enjoy the freedom to work from home or from the office.</li>
<li>Remote work. Spend up to 30 days per year working remotely from abroad.</li>
<li>Extra time off. More days to relax, recharge, and do the things you love.</li>
<li>Medical insurance allowance. Enjoy peace of mind for you and your family.</li>
<li>Learning and development opportunities. Access to conferences, courses, and language classes.</li>
<li>Relocation support. We help make your move as smooth and stress-free as possible.</li>
<li>Language classes. Pick up the local language or sharpen your English skills.</li>
<li>Fuel your day. Enjoy a hot meal or receive a lunch allowance on workdays.</li>
<li>Mental health support. To help you feel your best, we provide easy access to professional mental health services.</li>
<li>Sports benefit. Enjoy an on-site gym or sports club stipend.</li>
<li>Internal events. Join company-wide celebrations and team gatherings.</li>
</ul>
<p>\*Some benefits may vary depending on location.</p>
<p></p>
<p><span style="color: rgb(255, 255, 255);">#LI-DNI</span></p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>We are an equal opportunity employer</strong><br><br>We know great ideas can come from anyone, anywhere. That’s why we do our best to create an open and inclusive workplace – one that welcomes everyone regardless of their background, identity, religion, age, accessibility needs, or orientation.</p>
<p><em data-stringify-type="italic">We process the data provided in your job application in accordance with the <a href="https://www.jetbrains.com/legal/docs/privacy/privacy-recruitment/">Recruitment Privacy Policy.</a></em></p></div>