<div class="content-intro"><p>HackerRank helps companies like NVIDIA, Amazon, and Microsoft hire and upskill the next generation of developers based on skills, not pedigree. Our platform is trusted by over 2,500 of the world’s most innovative companies to build strong engineering teams ready for what’s next.<br><br>Software has entered an era where humans and AI build side by side. As this shift accelerates, the definition of strong technical talent is changing. We give companies better ways to identify and invest in next-generation skills.<br><br>People at HackerRank care deeply about the impact of their work and sweat the small details so our customers can be wildly successful with products they genuinely love to use. We move with urgency and believe great outcomes come from high standards</p></div><p><strong>About the team</strong><strong><br></strong></p>
<p>The Engagement Management team is a small, high-impact group spread across APAC, EMEA, and AMER, dedicated to ensuring the long-term success of our customers. They are laser-focused on delivering customer delight at every touchpoint, ensuring each interaction drives measurable value from HackerRank. Over time, Engagement Managers become trusted advisors- our customers’ go-to partners for anything related to technical hiring. They build deep relationships, understand customer goals intimately, and proactively guide them to achieve outcomes. EMs play a pivotal role as HackerRank’s eyes and ears in the market- capturing trends, feedback, and unmet needs. Their insights are critical in shaping our roadmap and influencing product strategy. Internally, they serve as the voice of the customer, rallying cross-functional teams around customer-centric priorities. This team is not just about managing accounts- it’s about driving transformation, advocacy, and long-term partnership. With a unique blend of empathy, product knowledge, and execution rigor, they are at the heart of HackerRank’s customer success engine.</p>
<p><strong>About the role</strong></p>
<p>The Engagement Manager is a strategic partner to our customers, focused on driving adoption, value, and long-term success with HackerRank. By deeply understanding customer goals and aligning them with our platform capabilities, EMs ensure every interaction contributes to measurable outcomes. They serve as the voice of the customer internally- bringing insights that shape product innovation and strategy. This role is critical to strengthening customer relationships and fueling HackerRank’s growth through retention, expansion, and advocacy.</p>
<p><strong>What you’ll do</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Consult with customers to understand issues and solve problems with expert advice or delivery of projects and programs.</li>
<li>Deliver Projects that you expertly scope and project manage to a successful conclusion.</li>
<li>Manage Programs that allow HackerRank to stay engaged with customers for extended engagements in support of customer retention or ongoing managed services.</li>
<li>Collaborate with and lead teams in support of customer projects and programs.</li>
<li>Ownership and accountability in delivering Customer Delight throughout all phases of the customer journey.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>You will thrive in this role if</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>You enjoy taking a consultative approach, being the industry and product expert.</li>
<li>You are adept at problem-solving and providing expert advice.</li>
<li>You excel at project and program management, ensuring successful delivery and customer satisfaction.</li>
<li>You are a strong collaborator and leader, capable of guiding cross-functional teams.</li>
<li>You are passionate about customer success and dedicated to delivering an exceptional customer experience.</li>
<li>You are capable of dealing with ambiguity, uncertainty, and the ability to shift gears gracefully.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Who you are</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Engagement Manager with 3-5 years of experience of hands-on delivery in a SaaS environment.</li>
<li>Excellent organization skills and attention to detail.</li>
<li>Collaborate with cross-functional teams and deliver projects on schedule.</li>
<li>Excellent written, verbal, and presentation skills with the ability to effectively explain concepts to both technical and non-technical audiences.</li>
<li>Expertise in establishing project governance and maintaining peer relationships with customer executives.</li>
<li>Capability to deal with ambiguity, uncertainty, and the ability to shift gears gracefully.</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>Want to learn more about HackerRank?</strong>&nbsp;Check out&nbsp;<a href="http://hackerrank.com/">HackerRank.com</a>&nbsp;to explore our products, solutions and resources, and dive into our story and mission&nbsp;<a href="https://www.hackerrank.com/about-us/">here</a>.</p>
<p>HackerRank is a proud equal employment opportunity and affirmative action employer. We provide equal opportunity to everyone for employment based on individual performance and qualification. We never discriminate based on race, religion, national origin, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, age, marital, veteran, or disability status. All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines.&nbsp;</p>
<p><a href="https://www.linkedin.com/company/hackerrank/">Linkedin</a> | <a href="https://twitter.com/hackerrank">X</a>&nbsp;|<a href="https://www.linkedin.com/company/hackerrank/">&nbsp;</a><a href="https://blog.hackerrank.com/?utm\_medium=email&amp;utm\_content=signature">Blog</a>&nbsp;|&nbsp;<a href="https://www.instagram.com/hackerrank?igsh=MWNid2d6aWlxYnl0OQ==">Instagram</a>&nbsp;|&nbsp;<a href="https://www.instagram.com/lifeathackerrank?igsh=eDFta3owaTJsbW5x">Life@HackerRank</a></p>
<p><em>Notice to prospective HackerRank job applicants:</em></p>
<ul>
<li><em>Our Recruiters use @hackerrank.com email addresses.</em></li>
<li><em>We never ask for payment or credit check information to apply, interview, or work here.</em></li>
</ul></div>