You’ll be solving daily and strategic digital marketing challenges of a B2B tech product. We’ll fuel your professional growth with vast internal and external learning resources and an environment of teaming up and knowledge sharing.

Take the lead on the marketing lifecycle for our supply product: from the first idea to a global scale. Fully own and optimize multi-channel campaigns, balancing the high-level strategy with hands-on execution.

## Your day-to-day:

- Take end-to-end ownership of all marketing processes for B2C supply product: from idea generation, to testing, executing and scaling.
- Fully own and optimize execution processes of marketing and communication campaigns, from PR to PPC.
- Manage stakeholder communications ensuring effective and reporting.
- Initiate and own cross-team collaborations (design, content, performance teams, etc.).

## Your Skills & Experiences:

- Proven experience in marketing project management, digital marketing or similar role.
- International marketing experience is a must.
- Experience in digital marketing project management.
- Fluency in English and Lithuanian, both written and spoken.
- Excellent organizational and communication skills.
- Strong understanding of marketing channels (email, social, PPC, SEO).
- Creativity and striving for results.

**Nice to have:**

- Experience in B2B, SaaS or tech industry (preferred).
- Knowledge of marketing automation tools (i.e. HubSpot).
- Familiarity with data analytics tools.

## Our Salary & Work Benefits Package:

- **Gross salary:** 3200 - 4000 EUR/month. Keep in mind that we are open to discuss a different salary based on your skills and competencies.
- To support your professional growth and make you feel taken care of, we’ve put together an expansive benefit package. It covers learning, well-being, celebration, and much more  — learn all about it [here](https://career.oxylabs.io/blog/our-work-benefits/).