<h2><strong>Who we are </strong></h2>
<h3><strong>About Stripe</strong></h3>
<p>Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies—from the world’s largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyone’s reach while doing the most important work of your career.</p>
<h3><strong>About the team</strong></h3>
<p>The Solutions Architecture Team partners with our users to realize their full potential through the adoption of prescriptive solutions that drive their growth and success. We influence revenue growth across Stripe’s product portfolio, and collaborate with sales, support, product management, and Stripe’s executive team to provide the best experience to our most valued customers.</p>
<h2><strong>What you’ll do</strong></h2>
<p>As a member of the team, the Solutions Architect will build highly consultative trusted relationships with c-level executives and technical decision makers in the customer’s organization to provide business and technical thought leadership, and become a trusted advisor in solving mission-critical business challenges. You will architect business models with them so they can drive new monetization opportunities and growth for both the user and Stripe.&nbsp;</p>
<h3><strong>Responsibilities</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Be a key member of the Platform account team with deep involvement in defining the customer strategy; Identify and close new complex opportunities, and accelerate solution adoption.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Identify and close new complex opportunities, and accelerate solution adoption. Understand and align with the customer’s product and business roadmap and uncover opportunities for Stripe to accelerate their progress on that roadmap.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Drive thought leadership and be a trusted advisor for key business and technical stakeholders including CIO, CTO, COO, CRO, CDO, Head of Product Engineering and Head of Payments.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Work to deeply understand the customer’s business objectives, and then design and apply Stripe’s solutions to their challenges.</li>
<li>Develop and articulate the end to end customer transformation journey and create future roadmaps and architectures with deep 3rd party integrations in play.</li>
<li>Conduct business analysis and background research on customers, industries, and competitors with a view to support growth for the user's business.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Lead strategy engagements with users to align to business priorities, design solutions and secure the technical win by performing in-depth customer discovery, evangelizing the proposed solutions through executive briefings, readouts, presentations, workshops and solution demos.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Expand Stripe’s footprint within existing accounts to new global markets and business units by introducing new capabilities and local payment methods.</li>
<li>Act as the “Voice of the Customer” to bring insights, trends and opportunities to the leadership, product and engineering teams from the forefront and prioritized for delivery.&nbsp;&nbsp;</li>
<li>Participate in sales forecasting, Quarterly Business Reviews and account/territory planning to strategically and tactically align for success.</li>
<li>Approximately 25% travel is anticipated to help you connect in-person in a meaningful way with users and collaborate internally.&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Who you are</strong></h2>
<p>You have achieved an experienced position as an enterprise architect, senior solution architect or principal solution engineer and have a successful track record advising enterprise-grade digital native / SAAS / Platform / Marketplace companies, focused on identifying business priorities, formulating technology strategies and designing an end-to-end business solution. You possess deep technical acumen, high interpersonal and leadership skills, and have demonstrated the ability to become a trusted advisor to senior executives and facilitate customer success along the entire customer journey. Strategic and creative thinker who can proactively identify challenges, take ownership, and maintain a positive approach when facing difficult obstacles.</p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We're looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.</span></p>
<h3><strong>Minimum requirements</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>7+ years of experience in a similar customer-facing engineering role such as solution consultant, solutions architect, sales engineer, for a global software enterprise.</li>
<li>Experience in the payments/ billing / invoicing / issuing / banking / Fintech space.</li>
<li>Executive engagement skills and presence, with an ability to establish strong relationships with key decision makers and build credibility at all levels.</li>
<li>Effective group-facilitation skills and confidence in proposing and leading customer meetings to gain strategic footing and pursue opportunities.</li>
<li>Thorough understanding of the software development lifecycle and API architectures. A background in writing code in any of Stripe’s primary deployment languages (Ruby, Python, JavaScript, Java, Go, etc.) is a plus.</li>
<li>Outstanding spoken and written communication skills, presentation skills, and confident in explaining complex concepts to both technical and non-technical audiences.</li>
<li>Ability to operate independently in a highly ambiguous and fast-paced environment.</li>
<li>Passion to take on ownership and drive change in a constantly evolving environment.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Superior verbal and written communication skills in English.</li>
<li>Ability to travel per business needs.</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>Preferred qualifications</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Prior experience in consulting.</li>
<li>Experience at a growth stage internet/software company.</li>
</ul>