<div class="content-intro"><p>Elastic, the Search AI Company, enables everyone to find the answers they need in real time, using all their data, at scale — unleashing the potential of businesses and people. The Elastic Search AI Platform, used by more than 50% of the Fortune 500, brings together the precision of search and the intelligence of AI to enable everyone to accelerate the results that matter. By taking advantage of all structured and unstructured data — securing and protecting private information more effectively — Elastic’s complete, cloud-based solutions for search, security, and observability help organizations deliver on the promise of AI.</p></div><p>The Elastic Regional Services Partner (RSP) is a proven expert focused on accelerating our Customer’s time to business value through Elastic’s expert professional services &amp; enablement. Through the RSP’s relentless pursuit of positioning the right services strategy to our customers they will become a trusted advisor to the customer, field teams and Customer Success Group (CSG) leadership.</p>
<p>Reporting to the Regional Services Director (RSD), this individual will partner with the Sales, Account, &amp; Delivery Teams to position outcome-oriented services offerings for their customers - often requiring customized value propositions. They will be responsible for crafting a services territory strategy, generating proposals and/or statements of work to meet customer needs, and ensuring the customer is satisfied with their Elastic Services investment.&nbsp;&nbsp;</p>
<p>The RSP will also work closely with the RSD to retain oversight and leadership over a subset (a portfolio) of the engagements within a region; acting as a point of leadership, for escalations and governance working in close collaboration with the Delivery Management and Project Coordination functions who will have delivery accountability.&nbsp;</p>
<p>The RSP will work with all Elastic stakeholders and customers directly to understand and support our customers throughout their lifecycle, driving adoption through services engagements for both new and existing customers</p>
<p>The role of the RSP is an ideal opportunity for those wishing to progress their career towards a wider more senior Regional Services Leader / Director position.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Responsibilities</strong>:</p>
<ul>
<li>Account Team Collaboration &amp; Services Proposal Development – drive the discovery, ideation, delivery and next steps with the account team and the customer. Develop and deliver Statements of Work aligned to and ensuring customer value is achieved, based on key agreed-upon outcomes. The RSP is responsible for owning the Services bid &amp; negotiation process, working closely with our Account Executives.</li>
<li>Building &amp; Fostering Strong Relationships – Develop deep relationships with customers by tailoring the appropriate services strategy aligned to our customers’ objectives which will increase adoption and long-term success with Elastic Solutions.</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li>Becoming a Strategic Advisor &amp; Driving Customer Advocacy – Establish a trusted advisor relationship with each assigned customer and create "Elastic Advocates” while transferring knowledge from Services engagements to the broader sales organization.</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li>Pursue Customer Operational Excellence - Working with the “Elastic Advocates” and our Services delivery teams drive to continuously position the right Services which amplify the value of Elastic products while enhancing customer capabilities on our products.</li>
<li>Provide leadership and effective governance over a portfolio of the engagements within the region; assuring the team have the direction, support and guidance as needed.&nbsp;&nbsp;</li>
<li>Mastery of your Profession - Our Services drive customer health and our customers should be extremely satisfied with their investment in Elastic Services.&nbsp; Support success plans with a Services PoV (Point of View) for a portfolio of accounts and proactively work with customers to establish and achieve critical goals.</li>
<li>Demonstrating Elastic Proficiency – Remain up-to-date on Elastic solutions and products and maintain familiarity to all Company methods and procedures.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Qualifications</strong>:</p>
<ul>
<li>Bachelor or graduate degree in Business/Economics, Computer Science, or related discipline, or comparable certification and experience</li>
<li>Minimum of 8-12 years experience in relevant professional services or pre-sales functions</li>
<li>Excels at working directly with customers to gather, prioritize, plan and execute solutions to customer business requirements as it relates to technology</li>
<li>Proficiency in the value and delivery aspects of the technology domain of search, analytics, or related technologies</li>
<li>Demonstrable experience of owning complex negotiations across terms, contract structure and associated deliverables</li>
<li>Strong commercial and delivery governance acumen</li>
<li>Track record of contributing to the growth of a services business through actions such as developing best practices, improving sizing, advancing offerings, etc.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Bonus Points:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Understanding of our technology space, including Elasticsearch, Linux, Software Development, NoSQL, and/or databases</li>
<li>Experience working as a billable consultant or project manager is valuable for empathy and understanding</li>
<li>Passion for open-source technology and business model</li>
<li>Demonstrable experience of commercially overseeing / being accountable for leading a portfolio of delivery engagements</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Skills</strong>:</p>
<ul>
<li>Utilize industry expertise and business acumen to understand a customer's motivation, business drivers, strategic goals and objectives, and desired business outcomes.</li>
<li>Engage customers, especially C-Level to C-level -2, using a consultative selling approach that positions Elastic and yourself as a long-term trusted advisor relationship.</li>
<li>Create a compelling vision and clearly communicate our transformative solutions with the goal of generating significant success and business value from a customer's investment in the Elastic Platform.</li>
<li>Manage, create and negotiate services bid focused on outcomes aligned to milestones tied to the overall vision of the customers’ project.</li>
<li>Develop and manage a Services territory plan and a personalized strategy for each customer, which aligns with their business goals.</li>
<li>Forecast Services accurately and timely.</li>
<li>Form a strong relationship with the License Sales organization and regional Alliances/Partner organizations that are instrumental to success and N&amp;E growth</li>
<li>Be a recognised role model for collaboration, leadership and overall business results</li>
<li>Ability to establish and maintain a governance structure and operating model rhythm to monitor a portfolio of in-flight engagements</li>
</ul>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">LI-PF1</span></p><div class="content-conclusion"><h2><strong>Additional Information - We Take Care of Our People</strong></h2>
<p>As a distributed company, diversity drives our identity. Whether you’re looking to launch a new career or grow an existing one, Elastic is the type of company where you can balance great work with great life. Your age is only a number. It doesn’t matter if you’re just out of college or your children are; we need you for what you can do.</p>
<p>We strive to have parity of benefits across regions and while regulations differ from place to place, we believe taking care of our people is the right thing to do.</p>
<ul>
<li>Competitive pay based on the work you do here and not your previous salary</li>
<li>Health coverage for you and your family in many locations</li>
<li>Ability to craft your calendar with flexible locations and schedules for many roles</li>
<li>Generous number of vacation days each year</li>
<li>Increase your impact - We match up to $2000 (or local currency equivalent) for financial donations and service</li>
<li>Up to 40 hours each year to use toward volunteer projects you love</li>
<li>Embracing parenthood with minimum of 16 weeks of parental leave</li>
</ul>
<p>Different people approach problems differently. We need that. Elastic is an equal opportunity employer and is committed to creating an inclusive culture that celebrates different perspectives, experiences, and backgrounds. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, ethnicity, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender perception or identity, national origin, age, marital status, protected veteran status, disability status, or any other basis protected by federal, state or local law, ordinance or regulation.</p>
<p>We welcome individuals with disabilities and strive to create an accessible and inclusive experience for all individuals. To request an accommodation during the application or the recruiting process, please email <a href="mailto:candidate\_accessibility@elastic.co" target="\_blank">candidate\_accessibility@elastic.co</a><span class="gmail\_default">.</span>&nbsp;We will reply to your request within 24 business hours of submission.</p>
<p><span style="color: #000000;">Applicants have rights under Federal Employment Laws, view posters linked below:</span> <a href="https://www.dol.gov/sites/dolgov/files/WHD/legacy/files/fmlaen.pdf" target="\_blank">Family and Medical Leave Act (FMLA)</a> <span style="color: #000000;">Poster;</span><span style="color: #000000;">&nbsp;<a href="https://www.dol.gov/sites/dolgov/files/ofccp/pdf/pay-transp\_%20English\_formattedESQA508c.pdf" target="\_blank">Pay Transparency Nondiscrimination Provision</a> Poster; </span><a href="https://www.dol.gov/sites/dolgov/files/WHD/legacy/files/eppabw.pdf" target="\_blank">Employee Polygraph Protection Act (EPPA)</a> <span style="color: #000000;">Poster and <a href="https://www.dol.gov/sites/dolgov/files/OFCCP/regs/compliance/posters/pdf/22-088\_EEOC\_KnowYourRights.pdf" target="\_blank">Know Your Rights</a> (Poster)</span></p>
<p><span style="color: #000000;">Elasticsearch develops and distributes technology and information that is subject to U.S. and other countries’ export controls and licensing requirements for individuals who are located in or are nationals of the following sanctioned countries and regions: Belarus, Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Syria, or Russia, including the Ukrainian territories annexed by Russia (The Crimea region of Ukraine, The Donetsk People's Republic (DNR), The Luhansk People's Republic (LNR), Kherson or Zaporizhzhia). If you are located in or are a national of one of the listed countries or regions, an export license may be required as a condition of your employment in this role. Please note that national origin and/or nationality do not affect eligibility for employment with Elastic.</span></p>
<p>Please see&nbsp;<a href="https://www.elastic.co/legal/applicant-privacy-statement" target="\_blank" data-saferedirecturl="https://www.google.com/url?q=https://www.elastic.co/legal/applicant-privacy-statement&amp;source=gmail&amp;ust=1611068262479000&amp;usg=AFQjCNG3orAPk5sJIr9WVm0ZDxYw82c5DA">here</a>&nbsp;for our Privacy Statement.</p></div>