<div class="content-intro"><p>We are a global team of innovators and pioneers dedicated to shaping the future of observability. At New Relic, we build an intelligent platform that empowers companies to thrive in an AI-first world by giving them unparalleled insight into their complex systems. As we continue to expand our global footprint, we're looking for passionate people to join our mission. If you're ready to help the world's best companies optimize their digital applications, we invite you to explore a career with us!</p></div><h2>Director - Deal Management EMEA</h2>
<p><strong>Opportunity</strong></p>
<p>New Relic is seeking a proven and experienced leader to manage and scale our EMEA Deal Management Team. As part of this role, you will exercise strong business acumen&nbsp; in making decisions on go/no-go opinions for the company’s most strategic &amp; complex deals. This includes the creation and alignment of commercial frameworks, custom pricing, and leading of pricing improvement initiatives. In parallel, you will be using pricing analytics for decision support and providing feedback to the internal Deal Management team along with other business partners. Your work will drive executive decisions that are core to our long-term success!&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;</p>
<p>This role leads New Relic’s EMEA Deal Management team&nbsp; working with Sales teams to vet and formulate repeatable commercial frameworks to help New Relic negotiate more effective agreements for our important accounts. This role will also have the chance to lead the deal execution process, which requires collaborating with multiple functions such as Sales, Revenue Recognition, Finance, Legal, Product Management and Sales Ops to provide governance for non-standard deal approvals and supporting contractual terms. Helping enable these teams as new pricing and packaging strategies develop will be part of the sales collaboration.</p>
<p><strong>Responsibilities:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Lead&nbsp; the EMEA Deal Management&nbsp; team, operating framework, end-to-end process, systems, &amp; metrics for deal management function</li>
<li>Oversee commercial terms and non-standard approvals</li>
<li>Accountable for deal structuring practices &amp; policies that accelerate growth, improve sales velocity and ensure fair value for New Relic and customers</li>
<li>Acts as senior escalation point and approval authority in commercial negotiations</li>
<li>Lead projects and initiatives focused on efficiency and simplifying processes throughout the sales organization</li>
<li>Enhance, track and report deal metrics and make recommendations to improve functional &amp; financial performance</li>
<li>Partner with Sales, Product Management, Legal and Finance to develop programs to enhance deal profitability and ensure New Relic’s interests are protected</li>
<li>Perform regular data analysis to observe and drive enhanced productivity across deal development and deal cycle times.</li>
<li>Operate at the highest levels of integrity and transparency and appropriately address any gaps in these areas</li>
<li>Provide financial modeling and analysis as needed to support pricing, discount, and go-to-market investment decisions</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Qualifications:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>10+ years of Operations/Sales Operations/Finance management experience</li>
<li>Bachelor’s in finance, accounting or adjacent field</li>
<li>Demonstrated understanding of Consumption and/or SaaS go-to-market models</li>
<li>Proven success leading &amp; scaling multi-discipline Finance or Operations teams</li>
<li>Highly analytical, fact driven, process orientated, but comfortable challenging the status quo and setting new strategic/operational direction</li>
<li>Excellent verbal, written, and presentation communication skills</li>
<li>Combination of strong intellect, creative problem solving, effective communication with colleagues and willingness to roll up sleeves to improve performance</li>
<li>Strong business acumen, ideally in a software related environment</li>
<li>A consistent track record of using deep analytical skills to see beyond the numbers to drive strategy</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Bonus points if you have</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Experience managing the Sales cycle and structuring SaaS deals, especially those of significant value</li>
<li>SFDC and ERP systems experience a plus</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p>Fostering a diverse, welcoming and inclusive environment is important to us. We work hard to make everyone feel comfortable bringing their best, most authentic selves to work every day. We celebrate our talented Relics’ different backgrounds and abilities, and recognize the different paths they took to reach us – including nontraditional ones. Their experiences and perspectives inspire us to make our products and company the best they can be. We’re looking for people who feel connected to our mission and values, not just candidates who check off all the boxes.&nbsp;</p>
<p>If you require a reasonable accommodation to complete any part of the application or recruiting process, please reach out to <a href="mailto:resume@newrelic.com" target="\_blank">resume@newrelic.com</a>.</p>
<p>We believe in empowering all Relics to achieve professional and business success through a flexible workforce model. This model allows us to work in a variety of workplaces that best support our success, including fully office-based, fully remote, or hybrid.</p>
<p><strong>Our hiring process</strong><br><br>In compliance with applicable law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work and to complete employment eligibility verification. Note: Our stewardship of the data of thousands of customers means that a criminal background check is required to join New Relic.<br><br>We will consider qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records based on individual circumstances and in accordance with applicable law including, but not limited to, the&nbsp;<a href="https://sfgov.org/olse/sites/default/files/FCO%20poster2020.pdf" target="\_blank">San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance</a>.<br><br>Headhunters and recruitment agencies may not submit resumes/CVs through this website or directly to managers. New Relic does not accept unsolicited headhunter and agency resumes, and will not pay fees to any third-party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with New Relic.</p>
<p>New Relic develops and distributes encryption software and technology that complies with U.S. export controls and licensing requirements. Certain New Relic roles require candidates to pass an export compliance assessment as a condition of employment in any global location. If relevant, we will provide more information later in the application process.</p>
<p>Candidates are evaluated based on qualifications, regardless of race, religion, ethnicity, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender expression or identity, age, disability, neurodiversity, veteran or marital status, political viewpoint, or other legally protected characteristics.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Review our Applicant Privacy Notice at&nbsp;<a href="https://newrelic.com/termsandconditions/applicant-privacy-policy" target="\_blank">https://newrelic.com/termsandconditions/applicant-privacy-policy</a></p></div>