<p><strong>This is Adyen</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Adyen provides payments, data, and financial products in a single solution for customers like Meta, Uber, H&amp;M, and Microsoft - making us the financial technology platform of choice. At Adyen, everything we do is engineered for ambition.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">For our teams, we create an environment with opportunities for our people to succeed, backed by the culture and support to ensure they are enabled to truly own their careers. We are motivated individuals who tackle unique technical challenges at scale and solve them as a team. Together, we deliver innovative and ethical solutions that help businesses achieve their ambitions faster.</span></p>
<p><strong>Regulatory Compliance Officer</strong></p>
<p>Our dynamic APAC Regulatory team is looking for a Regulatory Compliance Officer. The successful candidate must be proactive, have strong analytical and communication skills and work as a business partner to connect with a wide range of global teams.</p>
<p><strong>What you'll do:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><strong>Monitor</strong> regulatory developments in legislative and policy environment and advise on its impact to Adyen</li>
<li><strong>Operationalise</strong> regulatory requirements in Japan</li>
<li><strong>Manage</strong> various routine and ad hoc regulatory requests and filings</li>
<li><strong>Manage</strong> corporate governance and secretarial work for Japan</li>
<li><strong>Research and advise</strong> on various matters with merchants, service providers, internal and external stakeholders, in line with Adyen’s commercial and strategic objectives which allow for scale.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Who you are:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>You have at least 3 years of experience in a support function within a legal or compliance team</li>
<li>You have strong written and oral communication and interpersonal skills in both Japanese and English</li>
<li>You have strong research, statutory interpretation and organisation skills</li>
<li>You are a meticulous person with strong attention to detail</li>
<li>You will be a critical thinker, strategic and have innovative problem-solving skills</li>
<li>Your strong sense of initiative, independence and ability to take ownership enabling you to contribute to a fast-growing business</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Our Diversity, Equity and Inclusion commitments&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Our unique approach is a product of our diverse perspectives. This diversity of backgrounds and cultures is essential in helping us maintain our momentum. Our business and technical challenges are unique, and we need as many different voices as possible to join us in solving them - voices like yours. No matter who you are or where you’re from, we welcome you to be your true self at Adyen.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Studies show that women and members of underrepresented communities apply for jobs only if they meet 100% of the qualifications. Does this sound like you? If so, Adyen encourages you to reconsider and apply. We look forward to your application!</span></p>
<p><strong>What’s next?</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Ensuring a smooth and enjoyable candidate experience is critical for us. We aim to get back to you regarding your application within 5 business days. Our interview process tends to take about 4 weeks to complete, but may fluctuate depending on the role. </span><a href="https://careers.adyen.com/how-we-hire"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Learn more about our hiring process here</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">. Don’t be afraid to let us know if you need more flexibility.</span></p>
<p>This role is based out of our Tokyo office. We are an office-first company and value in-person collaboration; we do not offer remote-only roles.</p>