<div class="content-intro"><p>Elastic, the Search AI Company, enables everyone to find the answers they need in real time, using all their data, at scale — unleashing the potential of businesses and people. The Elastic Search AI Platform, used by more than 50% of the Fortune 500, brings together the precision of search and the intelligence of AI to enable everyone to accelerate the results that matter. By taking advantage of all structured and unstructured data — securing and protecting private information more effectively — Elastic’s complete, cloud-based solutions for search, security, and observability help organizations deliver on the promise of AI.</p></div><h2>What is The Role</h2>
<p>Elastic’s Support team is unlike any other on Earth: while we are spread across more than 12 time zones and 28 countries, we operate as a unit.</p>
<p>We deliver support that is customer-centric, grounded in deep technical expertise, and outcome-focused. Our approach combines genuine care for our customers with direct communication, high standards, and a commitment to thorough problem solving.</p>
<p>This team thrives on curiosity, accountability, and continuous improvement. We value engineers who ask thoughtful questions, challenge assumptions, and are comfortable being challenged in return. Progress matters to us. We focus on moving forward, learning from experience, and raising the bar with every interaction.</p>
<p>We work in a fast-paced, evolving environment and approach both, successes and setbacks, as a team. We are excited to welcome a Support Engineer who is motivated by meaningful impact, collaboration, and delivering excellent customer experiences.</p>
<h2>What You Will Be Doing:</h2>
<ul>
<li>Providing an expert level of service to our EMEA customers.</li>
<li>Ensuring technical customer issues are serviced within our contractual SLA, and managed to resolution.</li>
<li>Document and share your knowledge with the rest of the organization and our customers applying Knowledge Centered-Services (KCS) methodology.</li>
<li>Have a mindset of continuous improvement, in terms of efficiency of support processes and customer satisfaction.</li>
<li>Work across multi-cultural and geographically distributed teams.</li>
</ul>
<h2>What You Bring Along:</h2>
<ul>
<li>3+ years of proven experience in Technical Support in a Software business.</li>
<li>A technical background in fields like; Information Technology, Network Engineering, Software Engineering etc.</li>
<li>A "Customer First" mindset</li>
<li>You are a team player; ability to work in a fast paced environment with a positive and adaptable approach</li>
<li>Knowledge of databases (SQL / No SQL) or search software technologies</li>
<li>Experience with SaaS and/or Distributed systems</li>
<li>Experience with Linux/Unix</li>
<li>Experience with APIs</li>
<li>Familiarity with Knowledge Centered-Services (KCS)</li>
<li>Highly collaborative, contributing to the success of a team through actions such as participating in initiatives/projects.</li>
<li>Professional working proficiency in English (level C1+)</li>
<li>Effective verbal and written communication skills.</li>
</ul>
<h2>Bonus Points:</h2>
<ul>
<li>Experience with administering and/or troubleshooting Elastic products in a production environment.</li>
<li>Experience with Networking and/or Load Balancers.</li>
<li>Experience with Kubernetes.</li>
<li>Experience with Message Brokering (e.g. Kafka).</li>
<li>Professional working proficiency in German or French is a plus.</li>
<li>Curiosity is key! You have already researched our products and possibly downloaded our stack to test it out.</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><h2><strong>Additional Information - We Take Care of Our People</strong></h2>
<p>As a distributed company, diversity drives our identity. Whether you’re looking to launch a new career or grow an existing one, Elastic is the type of company where you can balance great work with great life. Your age is only a number. It doesn’t matter if you’re just out of college or your children are; we need you for what you can do.</p>
<p>We strive to have parity of benefits across regions and while regulations differ from place to place, we believe taking care of our people is the right thing to do.</p>
<ul>
<li>Competitive pay based on the work you do here and not your previous salary</li>
<li>Health coverage for you and your family in many locations</li>
<li>Ability to craft your calendar with flexible locations and schedules for many roles</li>
<li>Generous number of vacation days each year</li>
<li>Increase your impact - We match up to $2000 (or local currency equivalent) for financial donations and service</li>
<li>Up to 40 hours each year to use toward volunteer projects you love</li>
<li>Embracing parenthood with minimum of 16 weeks of parental leave</li>
</ul>
<p>Different people approach problems differently. We need that. Elastic is an equal opportunity employer and is committed to creating an inclusive culture that celebrates different perspectives, experiences, and backgrounds. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, ethnicity, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender perception or identity, national origin, age, marital status, protected veteran status, disability status, or any other basis protected by federal, state or local law, ordinance or regulation.</p>
<p>We welcome individuals with disabilities and strive to create an accessible and inclusive experience for all individuals. To request an accommodation during the application or the recruiting process, please email <a href="mailto:candidate\_accessibility@elastic.co" target="\_blank">candidate\_accessibility@elastic.co</a><span class="gmail\_default">.</span>&nbsp;We will reply to your request within 24 business hours of submission.</p>
<p><span style="color: #000000;">Applicants have rights under Federal Employment Laws, view posters linked below:</span> <a href="https://www.dol.gov/sites/dolgov/files/WHD/legacy/files/fmlaen.pdf" target="\_blank">Family and Medical Leave Act (FMLA)</a> <span style="color: #000000;">Poster;</span><span style="color: #000000;">&nbsp;<a href="https://www.dol.gov/sites/dolgov/files/ofccp/pdf/pay-transp\_%20English\_formattedESQA508c.pdf" target="\_blank">Pay Transparency Nondiscrimination Provision</a> Poster; </span><a href="https://www.dol.gov/sites/dolgov/files/WHD/legacy/files/eppabw.pdf" target="\_blank">Employee Polygraph Protection Act (EPPA)</a> <span style="color: #000000;">Poster and <a href="https://www.dol.gov/sites/dolgov/files/OFCCP/regs/compliance/posters/pdf/22-088\_EEOC\_KnowYourRights.pdf" target="\_blank">Know Your Rights</a> (Poster)</span></p>
<p><span style="color: #000000;">Elasticsearch develops and distributes technology and information that is subject to U.S. and other countries’ export controls and licensing requirements for individuals who are located in or are nationals of the following sanctioned countries and regions: Belarus, Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Syria, or Russia, including the Ukrainian territories annexed by Russia (The Crimea region of Ukraine, The Donetsk People's Republic (DNR), The Luhansk People's Republic (LNR), Kherson or Zaporizhzhia). If you are located in or are a national of one of the listed countries or regions, an export license may be required as a condition of your employment in this role. Please note that national origin and/or nationality do not affect eligibility for employment with Elastic.</span></p>
<p>Please see&nbsp;<a href="https://www.elastic.co/legal/applicant-privacy-statement" target="\_blank" data-saferedirecturl="https://www.google.com/url?q=https://www.elastic.co/legal/applicant-privacy-statement&amp;source=gmail&amp;ust=1611068262479000&amp;usg=AFQjCNG3orAPk5sJIr9WVm0ZDxYw82c5DA">here</a>&nbsp;for our Privacy Statement.</p></div>