<p>Our sales team is focused on finding efficient paths to successful, profitable, long term customers by building a user-driven marketing and sales engine. To do so, we employ a bottom-up enterprise sales model by helping many small, successful customers evolve into larger, successful ones. We act as a key voice of the customer to the product team. We help identify and overcome technical, educational, and competitive obstacles to our continued growth.</p>
<p>The New Business Team focuses on prospects &amp; customers early in their journey with Asana, running ‘at scale’ sales motions to engage and on board our customers early in their journey with Asana, focusing to increase adoption, engagement and identify opportunities for expansion.&nbsp;</p>
<p>This role is based in our Dublin office with an office-centric hybrid schedule. The standard in-office days are Monday, Tuesday, and Thursday. Most Asanas have the option to work from home on Wednesdays. Working from home on Fridays depends on the type of work you do and the teams with which you partner. If you're interviewing for this role, your recruiter will share more about the in-office requirements.</p>
<p><strong>What you'll achieve:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Proactively manage a wide range of customers earlier in their journey with Asana&nbsp;</li>
<li>Prioritize &amp; segment your&nbsp; accounts,&nbsp; identifying opportunity for growth&nbsp;</li>
<li>Develop plan to achieve incremental ARR Target&nbsp;</li>
<li>Build and execute Account Plans for high propensity accounts&nbsp;</li>
<li>Increase Adoption and Retention account Account Base&nbsp;</li>
<li>Build relationships in Top Accounts&nbsp;</li>
<li>Target White Space accounts with Persona or Vertical outbound prospecting motions&nbsp;</li>
<li>Following up on inbound opportunities&nbsp;</li>
<li>Manage weekly, monthly and quarterly forecasting cadences&nbsp;</li>
<li>Build and own pipeline and overall book of business growth&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>About you:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>+1 years of closing experience in a high velocity sales motion&nbsp;</li>
<li>Polish and English language skills are required&nbsp;</li>
<li>Proven track record of success&nbsp;</li>
<li>Can work in a high velocity sales environment - weekly, monthly, quarterly targets&nbsp;</li>
<li>Experience in outbound prospecting&nbsp;</li>
<li>Account Management skills&nbsp;</li>
<li>Ability to build territory and account plans&nbsp;</li>
<li>Familiar with Sales Tools - Salesforce, Outreach, Clar. Sales Navigator&nbsp;</li>
<li>Excellent communication and negotiation skills, able to articulate value propositions, handle objections, and confidently close deals</li>
<li>Highly motivated and driven, demonstrating a relentless pursuit of success and continuously seeking new opportunities for growth</li>
<li>Demonstrated ability to thrive in a fast-paced environment, leveraging strong sales acumen and adaptability to drive results</li>
<li>Demonstrates curiosity about AI tools and emerging technologies, with a willingness to learn and leverage them to enhance productivity, collaboration, or decision-making</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>What we’ll offer</strong></p>
<p>Our comprehensive compensation package plays a big part in how we recognize you for the impact you have on our path to achieving our mission. We believe that compensation should be reflective of the value you create relative to the market value of your role. To ensure pay is fair and not impacted by biases, we're committed to looking at market value which is why we check ourselves and conduct a yearly pay equity audit.</p>
<p>For this role, the On-Target Earnings (OTE) range is €103,000 - €112,000. The total OTE includes a base salary range of €56,650 - €61,600 and performance-based sales incentive pay (based on the terms of the Sales Incentive Plan). These ranges are a guideline; actual base salary and OTE may vary based on various factors, including market and individual qualifications objectively assessed during the interview process, and the ranges for this role may be modified.&nbsp;</p>
<p>In addition, your compensation package may include additional components such as equity and benefits. If you're interviewing for this role, speak with your recruiter to learn more about the total compensation and benefits for this role.</p>
<p>We strive to provide equitable and competitive benefits packages that support our employees worldwide and include:</p>
<ul>
<li>Mental health, wellness &amp; fitness benefits</li>
<li>Career coaching &amp; support</li>
<li>Inclusive family building benefits</li>
<li>Long-term savings or retirement plans</li>
<li>In-office culinary options to cater to your dietary preferences&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p>These are just some of the benefits we offer, and benefits may vary based on role, country, and local regulations. If you're interviewing for this role, speak with your Talent Acquisition Partner to learn more about the total compensation and benefits for this role.</p>
<p>#LI-Hybrid</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>About us</strong></p>
<p data-pm-slice="1 1 []">Asana is a leading platform for human + AI collaboration. Millions of teams around the world rely on Asana to achieve their most important goals, faster. Asana has been named to Fortune's Best Workplaces for 7+ years and recognized by Fast Company, Forbes, and Gartner for excellence in workplace culture and innovation. We offer an exceptional office-centric culture while adopting the best elements of hybrid models to ensure that every one of our global team members can work together effortlessly. With 13+ offices all over the world, we are always looking for individuals who care about building technology that drives positive change in the world and a culture where everyone feels that they belong.</p>
<p data-pm-slice="1 1 []"><strong><a class="LinkThemeablePresentation LinkPrimaryPresentation LinkPrimaryPresentation--sentimentSelected PrimaryLink HighlightSol HighlightSol--core HighlightSol--buildingBlock" href="https://www.gem.com/form?formID=fbcdec8c-3442-43b9-9b45-d2b5f4ea25db" target="\_blank">Join Asana’s Talent Network</a></strong>&nbsp;to stay up to date on job opportunities and life at Asana.</p></div>