<div class="content-intro"><h3>ABOUT TIDE</h3>
<p>At Tide we help SMEs save time (and money) in the running of their businesses by not only offering business accounts and related banking services, but also a comprehensive set of highly usable and connected administrative solutions from invoicing to accounting.</p>
<p>Tide is transforming the small business banking market with over 1.8 million members globally across the UK, India, Germany and France.</p>
<p>Using advanced technology, all solutions are designed with SMEs in mind. With quick onboarding, low fees and innovative features, we thrive on making data-driven decisions to serve our mission: to help SMEs save both time (and money) so they can get back to doing what they love.</p>
<p><strong>Tide facts:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Tide is available for UK, Indian, German and French SMEs</li>
<li>Over 1.8 million members: 800,000 UK and 1,000,000 in India and growing rapidly</li>
<li>Over $300 million raised in funding</li>
<li>Over 2,500 Tideans globally - we’re diversity champions!</li>
<li>We have offices in Central London, with a member support and technology centre in Sofia, Bulgaria, technology centres in Serbia, Romania, Lithuania and Hyderabad and offices in Gurugram and New Delhi, and in Berlin, Paris and Luxembourg.</li>
</ul></div><h3>ABOUT THE ROLE&nbsp;</h3>
<p>As a Wealth Management Manager, you'll be responsible for defining and executing&nbsp;Tides wealth management roadmap for small businesses. You'll bring together investment, advisory, and partnership strategies to help members maximize returns and financial security.</p>
<p><strong>You will:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Develop and execute the Wealth Management strategy focused on SME and MSME members - addressing business liquidity, surplus management, and long-term investment goals.</li>
<li>Partner with financial institutions, AMCs, and digital investment platforms to offer curated solutions such as liquid funds, fixed income, and structured business investment products.</li>
<li>Work with product and digital teams to embed investment journeys seamlessly within the Tide platform.</li>
<li>Identify and build cross-sell opportunities by leveraging transaction data, behavioral analytics, and lifecycle triggers.</li>
<li>Collaborate with marketing and growth teams to drive awareness and adoption of wealth solutions among business owners.</li>
<li>Track and report key KPIs AUM growth, activation rates, customer engagement, and revenue contribution.</li>
<li>Ensure regulatory compliance, risk management, and transparent communication across all wealth initiatives.</li>
<li>Represent the voice of SMEs in discussions on product innovation and partnership design, ensuring solutions align with real business needs.</li>
</ul>
<h3>WHAT WE ARE LOOKING FOR</h3>
<ul>
<li>You have an MBA/PGDM in Finance, Economics, or a related field; certifications such as NISM, CFA, or CFP are preferred.</li>
<li>You have 6 to 10 years of experience in Wealth Management, Business Banking, or SME-focused Financial Services.</li>
<li>You have a deep understanding of investment products relevant to small businesses e.g., short-term funds, treasury management, and business owner wealth planning.</li>
<li>You're passionate about financial inclusion and fintech innovation, especially in serving the MSME ecosystem.</li>
<li>You're data-driven, with strong analytical skills using tools such as Excel, Power BI, or similar.</li>
<li>You have proven experience in building and managing partnerships with AMCs, fintechs, or financial institutions.</li>
<li>You're an excellent communicator and influencer, capable of managing senior stakeholders and cross-functional teams.</li>
<li>You thrive in fast-paced, high-growth environments, balancing strategic thinking with on-ground execution.</li>
</ul>
<h3>WHAT YOU WILL GET IN RETURN</h3>
<ul>
<li>Competitive salary</li>
<li>Self &amp; Family Health Insurance</li>
<li>Term &amp; Life Insurance</li>
<li>OPD Benefits</li>
<li>Mental wellbeing through Plumm</li>
<li>Learning &amp; Development Budget</li>
<li>15 days of Privilege leaves</li>
<li>12 days of Casual leaves</li>
<li>12 days of Sick leaves</li>
<li>3 paid days off for volunteering or L&amp;D activities</li>
<li>Stock Options</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><h3>TIDE IS A PLACE FOR EVERYONE</h3>
<p>At Tide, we believe that we can only succeed if we let our differences enrich our culture. Our Tideans come from a variety of backgrounds and experience levels. We consider everyone irrespective of their ethnicity, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, family or parental status, national origin, veteran, neurodiversity or differently-abled status. We celebrate diversity in our workforce as a cornerstone of our success. Our commitment to a broad spectrum of ideas and backgrounds is what enables us to build products that resonate with our members’ diverse needs and lives.&nbsp;</p>
<p>We are One Team and foster a transparent and inclusive environment, where everyone’s voice is heard.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><em>At Tide, we thrive on diversity, embracing various backgrounds and experiences. We welcome all individuals regardless of ethnicity, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, or disability. Our inclusive culture is key to our success, helping us build products that meet our members' diverse needs. We are One Team, committed to transparency and ensuring everyone’s voice is heard.</em></p>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section">&nbsp;</div>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section"><strong>Disclaimer</strong></div>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section">&nbsp;</div>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section"><em>It has come to our attention that individuals or agencies are falsely claiming to represent Tide and are reaching out to candidates regarding job opportunities. Please be aware that:</em></div>
<ul class="p-rich\_text\_list p-rich\_text\_list\_\_bullet p-rich\_text\_list--nested" data-stringify-type="unordered-list" data-list-tree="true" data-indent="0" data-border="0">
<li style="font-style: italic;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><em>Tide does&nbsp;<strong data-stringify-type="bold">not</strong>&nbsp;charge any fees at any stage of the recruitment process.</em></li>
<li style="font-style: italic;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><em>All official Tide job opportunities are listed exclusively on our&nbsp;<a href="https://www.tide.co/careers/" target="\_blank"><strong data-stringify-type="bold">Careers Page</strong></a>&nbsp;and applications should be submitted through this channel.</em></li>
<li style="font-style: italic;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><em>Communication from Tide will only come from an official&nbsp;<strong data-stringify-type="bold">@tide</strong><strong data-stringify-type="bold">.co</strong>&nbsp;email address.</em></li>
<li style="font-style: italic;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><em>Tide does not work with agencies or recruiters without prior formal engagement, and we do not authorize third parties to make job offers on our behalf.</em></li>
</ul>
<p><em>If you are contacted by anyone misrepresenting Tide or requesting payment, please treat it as fraudulent and report it to us immediately at <a href="mailto:talent@tide.co" target="\_blank">talent@tide.co</a><br>Your safety and trust are important to us, and we are committed to ensuring a fair and transparent recruitment process.</em></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><em><em data-stringify-type="italic">Tide leverages AI to enhance our hiring experience. You can read more about how we use AI in our recruitment process in our <a href="https://assets.ctfassets.net/3h69mkdgxn20/5MFtWSdG8YLKq3jZkK52NY/3f18633073e6cdbd03bba4b9791c64f4/Using\_AI\_throughout\_the\_Hiring\_Process.pdf" target="\_blank">AI Policy</a>.</em></em></p>
<p><em><em data-stringify-type="italic">Your personal data will be processed by Tide for recruitment purposes and in accordance with </em><em data-stringify-type="italic"><a class="c-link" href="https://assets.ctfassets.net/3h69mkdgxn20/4TE0uAE3SXomATDVneocNA/aa31893960b4064dd406ad15d029dcd3/Recruitment\_Privacy\_Notice.pdf" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://assets.ctfassets.net/3h69mkdgxn20/1MYf6q4ZMWugpeaROVETBN/526e9c160a2de03576413c81657c6466/Recruitment\_Privacy\_Notice\_\_Final\_Draft\_\_Sep\_2024\_.pdf" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">Tide's Recruitment Privacy Notice</a></em><em data-stringify-type="italic">.</em></em></p></div>