<div class="content-intro"><p>Flex is a growth-stage, NYC headquartered FinTech company that is creating the best rent payment experience. It’s hard to believe that it’s 2026 and paying rent on time is expensive, inflexible, and difficult. We’re here to change that! Flex enables our users to pay rent throughout the month on a schedule that better fits their finances and budget. Our mission is to empower as many renters as possible with flexibility over their most significant recurring expense. After deliberately keeping a stealth profile as we built up unprecedented investor support and an enthusiastic user base, we are looking for motivated individuals to help us keep our mission growing. Will you be a part of the team?</p></div><h1><span style="font-size: 14pt;"><strong>About the role</strong></span></h1>
<p>Flex is looking for a seasoned Senior Infrastructure Engineer with a passion for performance optimization to join our dynamic Infrastructure Team.</p>
<p>In this role, you will be part of the Infrastructure Engineering team, a small team responsible for creating a sustainable platform that ensures the effectiveness, reliability and scalability of our systems.&nbsp; You'll play a pivotal role in designing, building, and maintaining our robust and scalable infrastructure. You'll collaborate closely with our service engineering teams to automate processes, streamline operations, and ensure optimal system performance and reliability in our cloud infrastructure on AWS and GCP.</p>
<p>At Flex, we are an AI-first engineering organization. We believe that the future of infrastructure isn't just about managing resources—it’s about building the intelligent, automated systems that manage them for us.&nbsp; We aren't looking for "task-takers"; we are looking for domain experts who use their deep knowledge of cloud architecture and SRE principles to steer these AI tools effectively.&nbsp; On this team, your value is defined by your ability to combine your technical mastery with an AI-augmented workflow to deliver world-class reliability at a growth-stage pace.</p>
<p>We are particularly interested in candidates with software engineering experience in languages like Java, Python, or TypeScript. This background will allow you to collaborate effectively with product teams, build tools and automation, and improve the developer experience across our engineering organization. You’ll have the opportunity to influence key infrastructure and architecture decisions while ensuring high reliability and smooth delivery pipelines.&nbsp;&nbsp;</p>
<p>This remote role requires a minimum of 5 years of cloud infrastructure experience.</p>
<p><span style="font-size: 14pt;"><strong>What you’ll do</strong></span></p>
<ul>
<li>Collaborate with service engineering teams to design, implement, and maintain scalable and resilient infrastructure solutions optimizing for performance, resilience, and cost.</li>
<li>Ensure infrastructure aligns with business requirements and industry standards.</li>
<li>Leverage Terraform to automate infrastructure provisioning and configurations.</li>
<li>Implement SRE principles to improve system reliability and reduce downtime.</li>
<li>Improve developer workflows by creating self-service tools, optimizing CI/CD pipelines, and enhancing deployment processes to remove friction.</li>
<li>Develop and maintain robust monitoring and alerting systems to proactively identify and resolve issues.</li>
<li>Lead incident responses, manage on-call rotations, and facilitate post-incident reviews to drive continuous improvement and resilience.</li>
<li>Automate everything—drive adoption of Infrastructure as Code (IaC) and build automated pipelines for testing, monitoring, and deployments.</li>
<li>Leverage your excellent written and verbal communication skills, to create communications on upcoming changes and how they affect teams.</li>
</ul>
<h1><span style="font-size: 14pt;"><strong>Key qualifications</strong></span></h1>
<ul>
<li>Proven experience in building, scaling and monitoring cloud infrastructure on AWS, especially EKS, S3, RDS, API Gateway, Load Balancers, VPC, Lambdas, DocumentDB and DynamoDB.</li>
<li>Proven experience using Terraform to update and maintain cloud infrastructure.</li>
<li>Proven experience with containerized applications, kubernetes and microservice deployments.</li>
<li>Strong knowledge of GitHub Actions and CI/CD best practices.</li>
<li>Experience with developer productivity tools: designing CI/CD workflows, building internal tools, and creating self-service solutions to streamline software development.</li>
<li>Knowledge of monitoring and observability tools and frameworks, with working knowledge of Datadog being a plus.</li>
<li>Familiarity with networking concepts (DNS, load balancing, firewalls, VPNs).</li>
<li>Strong collaboration skills with the ability to work effectively across teams and communicate technical ideas clearly.</li>
<li>Experience coding/reading in one of the industry standard language such as Java, Python, TypeScript</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<div>Flex takes a market-based approach to pay, and compensation may vary depending on your primary work location. Work locations are categorized into one of three tiers based on a cost of labor index for that geographic area. The successful candidate’s starting pay will be commensurate with their experience, qualifications, and Flex’s internal leveling guidelines and benchmarks.</div>
<ul data-list-tree="true" data-indent="0" data-border="0">
<li><strong>Tier A (NYC/SF/Seattle):</strong> $172,000 - $212,000 USD</li>
<li><strong>Tier B:</strong> $154,800 - $193,500 USD</li>
<li><strong>Tier C:</strong> $146,200 - $182,740 USD</li>
</ul>
<p><em>#LI-Remote</em></p><div class="content-conclusion"><h3><strong>Life at Flex</strong></h3>
<p>We understand that it takes a diverse team of highly intelligent, curious, determined, empathetic, and self aware people to grow a successful company. Our HQ is located in New York City, but we have employees located throughout the US, Australia, Canada and South America. We are growing quickly, but deliberately, with a focus on building an inclusive culture. Our dynamic team has incredible perspectives to share, just as we know you do, and we take great pride in being an equal opportunity workplace.</p>
<p><strong>Offices</strong></p>
<p>Roles posted in New York, San Francisco, and Salt Lake City are hybrid positions with on-site expectations of 2-3 days per week in our local offices. For candidates outside of these areas, you may be eligible for our relocation assistance program.</p>
<p><strong>Benefits</strong></p>
<p>For full-time U.S. employees we offer:</p>
<ul>
<li>Competitive medical, dental, and vision</li>
<li>Company equity</li>
<li>401(k) plan with company match&nbsp;</li>
<li>Unlimited paid time off + 13 company paid holidays</li>
<li>Parental leave&nbsp;</li>
<li>Flex Cares Program: Non-profit company match + pet adoption coverage</li>
<li>Free Flex subscription</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;For full-time non-U.S. employees, we offer:</p>
<ul>
<li>Competitive compensation + company equity</li>
<li>Unlimited PTO</li>
</ul></div>