<p>Canonical is a leading provider of open source software and operating systems to the global enterprise and technology markets. Our platform, Ubuntu, is very widely used in breakthrough enterprise initiatives such as public cloud, data science, AI, engineering innovation, and IoT. Our customers include the world's leading public cloud and silicon providers, and industry leaders in many sectors. The company is a pioneer of global distributed collaboration, with 1200+ colleagues in 75+ countries and very few office-based roles. Teams meet two to four times yearly in person, in interesting locations around the world, to align on strategy and execution.</p>
<p>The company is founder-led, profitable, and growing.</p>
<h2><span style="font-weight: 400;">The role of a Product Marketing Manager – IoT &amp; Embedded Systems at Canonical</span></h2>
<p>At Canonical, since we released Ubuntu in 2004, we have had a direct impact on the growth of embedded systems world. From the very beginning, developers have trusted and used Ubuntu to build smart devices, leveraging open-source innovation and the support ecosystem from Canonical and the community. Over the last 10 years, we’ve worked closely with device innovators to provide the security, stability, and lifecycle management they need for long-term, production-grade deployments.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Today, Solutions like Ubuntu Core and Ubuntu Pro for Devices empower enterprises to build and manage secure, and updatable smart devices in the field for over 10 years—from robotics to autonomous vehicles, and that's why our solutions are trusted by companies like Bosch, Continental, Dell, Qualcomm, Nvidia, Intel, Toyota, Mercedes-Benz, Audi, and T-Mobile.</p>
<p>At Canonical, the product marketing team is not just marketing products—we’re building the best Go-To-Market (GTM) engine in the open-source world. Our mission is to take the power of open-source innovation and bring it to businesses everywhere, from the data center to the edge.&nbsp; We’re looking for a Product Marketing Manager (PMM) with a deep understanding of IoT, embedded systems, and edge computing to drive adoption and commercial success of our IoT portfolio. This is an exciting opportunity to shape how developers, enterprises, and device manufacturers leverage open-source technology to build the next generation of smart devices.</p>
<p><strong>Location:</strong> <em>This role will be based remotely in the EMEA region</em></p>
<p><strong>Why You’ll Love This Role</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>
<p class="p1"><span class="s1"><strong>You will own the IoT GTM strategy</strong></span> – Developing and executing marketing plans that drive awareness and adoption of <span class="s1">Canonical’s IoT solutions</span>.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p class="p1"><span class="s1"><strong>You will tell compelling stories</strong></span> – Crafting clear, technical, and business-oriented messaging that resonates with <span class="s1">developers, engineers, and decision-makers</span> in the IoT space.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p class="p2"><strong>You will work at the cutting edge</strong><span class="s2"> – Helping enterprises modernize their </span>IoT devices, from industrial automation to automotive, robotics, medical, and consumer electronics<span class="s2">.</span></p>
</li>
<li>
<p class="p2"><strong>You will collaborate with the best</strong><span class="s2"> – Partnering with </span>product, sales, regional marketing, communication and alliances teams<span class="s2"> to position Canonical’s IoT solutions for growth.</span></p>
</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>As a product marketing manager, you will:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Develop and execute go-to-market (GTM) strategies for a range of IoT products.</li>
<li>Lead messaging and positioning efforts ensuring our products stand out in a competitive market.</li>
<li>Lead content planning with product managers —from website copy to whitepapers, blogs, and sales enablement materials.</li>
<li>Collaborate on marketing campaigns, partnering with regional marketing teams to execute integrated campaigns that drive pipeline growth.</li>
<li>Launch new products and features, leading cross-functional teams to drive awareness and adoption.</li>
<li>Run competitive analysis, staying ahead of market trends and evolving our positioning accordingly.</li>
<li>Support the customer success team on driving customer engagement and growth, working on strategies to upsell and cross-sell across our customer base.</li>
<li>Plan and execute global events, live webinars, and community meetups that align with our GTM priorities.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>What we are looking for in you</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>A passion for technology and open source—you get excited about innovation, software, and community-driven development.</li>
<li>Strong storytelling skills—you know how to craft messaging that resonates with both technical and business audiences.</li>
<li>Growth mindset—someone who thrives on experimentation, learning, and continuous improvement.</li>
<li>Excellent communication skills, both written and verbal.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Nice-to-have skills</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Data-driven mindset, using insights to refine strategies and improve performance.</li>
<li>Experience in product marketing for enterprise software, cloud, DevOps, or open-source solutions.</li>
<li>Experience with demand generation, understanding how to translate GTM strategies into pipeline growth.</li>
<li>Comfort working cross-functionally with product, sales, partners, and marketing teams.</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>What we offer colleagues</strong></h3>
<p>We consider geographical location, experience, and performance in shaping compensation worldwide. We revisit compensation annually (and more often for graduates and associates) to ensure we recognize outstanding performance. In addition to base pay, we offer a performance-driven annual bonus or commission. We provide all team members with additional benefits which reflect our values and ideals. We balance our programs to meet local needs and ensure fairness globally.</p>
<ul>
<li>Distributed work environment with twice-yearly team sprints in person</li>
<li>Personal learning and development budget of USD 2,000 per year</li>
<li>Annual compensation review</li>
<li>Recognition rewards</li>
<li>Annual holiday leave</li>
<li>Maternity and paternity leave</li>
<li>Team Member Assistance Program &amp; Wellness Platform</li>
<li>Opportunity to travel to new locations to meet colleagues</li>
<li>Priority Pass and travel upgrades for long-haul company events</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>About Canonical</strong></h3>
<p>Canonical is a pioneering tech firm at the forefront of the global move to open source. As the company that publishes Ubuntu, one of the most important open-source projects and the platform for AI, IoT, and the cloud, we are changing the world of software. We recruit on a global basis and set a very high standard for people joining the company. We expect excellence; in order to succeed, we need to be the best at what we do. Most colleagues at Canonical have worked from home since our inception in 2004.​ Working here is a step into the future and will challenge you to think differently, work smarter, learn new skills, and raise your game.</p>
<p><strong>Canonical is an equal opportunity employer</strong></p>
<p>We are proud to foster a workplace free from discrimination. Diversity of experience, perspectives, and background create a better work environment and better products.<a href="https://canonical.com/careers/diversity/identity">&nbsp;Whatever your identity, we will give your application fair consideration.</a></p>
<p>#LI-remote</p>