## Intro

As a Growth Marketing Manager, you’ll be responsible for incrementally growing our existing paid acquisition channels, experimenting with new channels, while collaborating with our product and operations teams to improve the sign-up experience.<br>As we expand globally, you’ll play a key role in driving Feather’s expansion. You’ll participate in launching our product into new countries while strengthening and optimizing performance in our existing ones.

## Why work at Feather?

<ul><li><strong>We’re small, lean, and we love what we do.</strong> The usual buzzwords here, except we actually mean them. Staying small helps us focus on what matters, and we want to keep it that way.</li><li><strong>You’ll work on a product that is loved by customers.</strong> Our excellent <a href="https://www.trustpilot.com/review/feather-insurance.com">Trustpilot</a> and <a href="https://www.google.com/search?q=feather+insurance&amp;oq=feather+insurance">Google</a> reviews speak for themselves.</li><li><strong>There's plenty of space to grow.</strong> We trust you to take ownership and make decisions from day one, and we will give you all the support and mentorship you need to succeed.</li><li><strong>You’ll have the freedom to explore and innovate.</strong> Alongside the regular testing of marketing channels and format, you’ll actively participate in new product and market launches.</li><li><span style="font-weight:600;">Flexible remote work policy.</span> We offer a remote-first work environment where you can work from our Berlin HQ office or from any EU country (within +/-1h of CET). For those joining us from abroad, we hire via an Employer of Record (EOR). You can find all the details on our setup <a style="color:inherit;text-decoration:inherit;" href="https://www.google.com/search?q=https://featherinsurance.notion.site/Public-page-Working-at-Feather-from-abroad-3421c5a2ff2b800faad6dcf2c2f81f9e"><span style="text-decoration:underline;">here</span></a>.</li></ul>

## What you bring to the table

At Feather, you'll be trusted with significant responsibility early on. That means we value marketers who take ownership, are comfortable with uncertainty, and think pragmatically. If you enjoy running marketing channels while shaping and tinkering with products, you'll fit right in.<br>Some key skills matter too, here is the baseline:<br><ul><li>Proficient and hands-on experience with Google Ads.</li><li>Knowledge of at least one more ad channel like Meta, Tiktok, Linkedin, etc.</li><li>Highly analytical and keen on continuously improving performance through data and tests.</li><li>Demonstrated ability to effectively manage and optimise a monthly acquisition budget across channels and run in-house media buying.</li><li>Experience working with web tracking and analytics tools like Google Analytics, Metabase, or Looker, etc.</li></ul>

## You'll be responsible for

<ul><li>Play a front-seat role in designing and executing our growth strategies.</li><li>Create, manage and optimise marketing campaigns on Google, Bing, Meta, Tiktok, etc.</li><li>Identify, prioritise and test new and emerging marketing channels.</li><li>Adjust landing pages and signup flows to improve conversions and monetization.</li><li>Implement &amp; Troubleshoot attribution/tracking issues.</li><li>Work towards clear marketing KPIs such as ROAS, CAC &amp; LTV.</li></ul>

## What will the interview process look like?

<ol><li><strong>CV screening</strong></li><li><strong>Initial phone call with our People team —</strong> We’ll have a chat and get to know each other (30m)</li><li><strong>Hiring manager call —</strong> We’ll cover more in-depth the job, skills needed, and answer your questions (45min)</li><li><strong>Take-home task</strong> — We'll give you a task to work on, which will give you an idea of the type of projects you'd take on at Feather (2-3h)</li><li><strong>Take-home task discussion</strong> — We'll go through the task to work on together, so we make sure that we understand your reasoning and approach (75min)</li><li><strong>Founder interview —</strong> You’ll be speaking to one of our founders (30min)</li></ol>

## Does this sound like a good fit for you? Apply now!

<ul><li>At Feather, we are huge advocates for diversity and inclusion. We highly encourage people from underrepresented groups to apply.</li><li>We also encourage people without degrees to apply: we believe that what you've worked on and achieved is way more important than on-paper qualifications.</li></ul>