<p>We are seeking a Senior Lead of Engineering to join the Observability team within MongoDB. This is an opportunity to join a team that is responsible for all Observability systems that support operational metrics, visualization, logs, traces, and alerts to monitor the performance and health of our customers' MongoDB deployments. We are looking for a senior leader that is results focused, with high standards, and experience in leading large teams of engineers (or leads) in designing, building and operating complex distributed systems at scale, with strict SLO on security, durability, availability and performance.&nbsp;&nbsp;</p>
<p>Tens of thousands of customers depend on our Observability stack to monitor their database clusters and to generate actionable alerts to safeguard critical workloads. &nbsp;As MongoDB Atlas and its supporting infrastructure continue to experience rapid growth, the demand for high-cardinality observability data for internal and external use cases means we need to continually innovate and scale our systems to the next level. For example, MongoDB Observability systems need to handle 10’s of billions of metrics time series, all whilst processing petabytes of logs, traces, and events.</p>
<p>Our team champions a strong culture of inclusivity, diversity, and collaboration. If you want to be a deeply technical leader on a collaborative team that applies low-level systems expertise to build the foundational infrastructure of a popular database, join us!&nbsp;</p>
<p>We are looking to speak to candidates who are based in Dublin for our hybrid working model.</p>
<h3>What you’ll do</h3>
<ul>
<li>Lead and coach a large team of motivated individual contributors (up to 10) or leads who are eager to learn and grow</li>
<li>Contribute to the design, infrastructure and architecture of the high-volume ingestion systems your team develops</li>
<li>Work closely with product managers, program managers, and other engineering teams to specify, prioritize and deliver new features that delight our users, internally and externally</li>
<li>Estimate task complexity, report progress, and voice risks for projects executed by the team</li>
<li>Work with customers and support engineers to fix issues and become part of our on-call rotation&nbsp;</li>
<li>Collaborate with team members and leads to improve the health, design principles and best practices of our codebase and on-call rotation</li>
<li>Drive best practices for monitoring, reliability, and performance of observability services in production.</li>
<li>Actively participate in growing the team by hiring</li>
<li>Foster an inclusive and respectful work environment according to MongoDB's Core Values</li>
</ul>
<h3>We’re looking for someone who</h3>
<ul>
<li>Has at least 8 years of professional software development experience</li>
<li>Has at least 4 years of people management experience and performance management</li>
<li>Has experience with managing larger teams or leads&nbsp;</li>
<li>Has led engineering teams that have built, designed and maintained large scale systems</li>
<li>Can showcase delivering operationally solid systems and strives and can demonstrate examples of a high bar of engineering excellence</li>
<li>Is skilled at writing large-scale, distributed backend systems in a compiled language</li>
<li>Has experience with at least one major cloud provider technology (AWS, Azure, GCP)</li>
<li>Is eager to solve tough problems and debug tricky production outages</li>
<li>Has excellent communication skills</li>
<li>Is curious, collaborative, and motivated</li>
</ul>
<h3>Success Measures</h3>
<ul>
<li>In 1 month, you'll be familiar with the foundational parts of the system, the existing features, and projects within the Atlas Observability team and have contributed minor tasks within our codebase</li>
<li>In 3 months, you will be contributing to design and development of your team’s projects and working on your team’s growth</li>
<li>In 6 months, you and your team will have ramped enough to take on medium sized projects and you will be leading your team towards its product and engineering goals. You will be supporting our customers during escalations and have joined our on-call rotation</li>
</ul>
<h3>About MongoDB</h3>
<p>MongoDB is built for change, empowering our customers and our people to innovate at the speed of the market. We have redefined the database for the AI era, enabling innovators to create, transform, and disrupt industries with software. MongoDB’s unified database platform, the most widely available, globally distributed database on the market, helps organizations modernize legacy workloads, embrace innovation, and unleash AI. Our cloud-native platform, MongoDB Atlas, is the only globally distributed, multi-cloud database and is available across AWS, Google Cloud, and Microsoft Azure.</p>
<p>With offices worldwide and over 60,000 customers, including 75% of the Fortune 100 and AI-native startups, relying on MongoDB for their most important applications, we’re powering the next era of software.</p>
<p>Our compass at MongoDB is our <a href="https://www.mongodb.com/company">Leadership Commitment,</a> guiding how and why we make decisions, show up for each other, and win. It’s what makes us MongoDB.&nbsp;</p>
<p>To drive the personal growth and business impact of our employees, we’re committed to developing a supportive and enriching culture for everyone. <a href="https://www.mongodb.com/company/blog/culture/employee-benefits-that-make-a-difference-at-mongodb">From employee affinity groups, to fertility assistance and a generous parental leave policy</a>, we value our employees’ wellbeing and want to support them along every step of their professional and personal journeys.<a href="https://www.mongodb.com/blog/channel/culture"> Learn more about what it’s like to work at MongoDB</a>, and help us make an impact on the world!</p>
<p>MongoDB is committed to providing any necessary accommodations for individuals with disabilities within our application and interview process. To request an accommodation due to a disability, please inform your recruiter.</p>
<p>MongoDB is an equal opportunities employer.</p>
<p>Req ID 1273361936</p>