<div class="content-intro"><p><strong><em>🚀 We’re on a mission to make money work for everyone.</em></strong></p>
<p>We’re waving goodbye to the complicated and confusing ways of traditional banking.</p>
<p>After starting as a prepaid card, our product offering has grown a lot in the last 10 years in the UK. As well as&nbsp;<a href="https://monzo.com/current-account/personal">personal</a> and <a href="https://monzo.com/business-banking">business</a> bank accounts, we offer <a href="https://monzo.com/current-account/joint-account">joint accounts</a>, <a href="https://monzo.com/current-account/16-17">accounts for 16-17 year olds</a>, a <a href="https://monzo.com/current-account/under-16s">free kids account</a> and <a href="https://monzo.com/flex">credit cards</a> in the UK, with more exciting things to come beyond. Our UK customers can also <a href="https://monzo.com/savings">save</a>, <a href="https://monzo.com/investments">invest </a>and&nbsp;<a href="https://monzo.com/pensions">combine their pensions</a> with us.&nbsp;</p>
<p>With our hot coral cards and get-paid-early feature, combined with financial education on social media and our award winning customer service, we have a long history of creating magical moments for our customers!</p>
<p>We’re not about selling products - we want to solve problems and change lives through Monzo ❤️</p>
<hr>
<p>&nbsp;</p></div><p><strong>📍</strong>London | 💰£70,000 - £90,000 + <a href="https://monzo.com/careers/">Benefits</a> | 12 Month Fixed-Term Contract &nbsp;✨</p>
<p><strong><br>Our Core Banking team⭐</strong></p>
<p>This role spans our Core Accounts operations and you’ll ensure our current, joint, and U16 accounts are supported by robust operations. You’ll sit at the centre of multiple teams — Product, Engineering, Partnerships, Customer Operations, and Risk — and help shape how we engage millions of customers with everyday value.</p>
<p>You’ll be responsible for identifying and project managing strategic, cross-collective initiatives that improve customer experience and operational effectiveness at scale. From launching new products and features to refining existing journeys, you’ll act as the voice of the customer within product squads, ensuring we build with both experience and operational readiness in mind.</p>
<p>You’ll use data and customer insights to spot opportunities, prioritise the highest-impact work, and drive measurable improvements. Alongside this, you’ll bring structure to complex problems, align stakeholders across different teams, and ensure we deliver changes smoothly, compliantly, and with clear outcomes for our customers.</p>
<p><strong>🔑 You’ll play a key role by...</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Identifying areas to improve customer experience through monitoring operational data and customer feedback&nbsp;</li>
<li>Supporting launch of new products and features through being the voice of the customer for product squads and owning ops readiness and reporting&nbsp;</li>
<li>Influencing Product Squad goals on high priority Core topics and unlocking strategic Core projects to achieve a better experience for our customers</li>
<li>Running regular Customer Experience and Core Ops Health meetings, gathering inputs and sharing insights each month&nbsp;</li>
<li>Partnering with Risk &amp; Compliance to implement regulatory frameworks like Consumer Duty for our current account, joint account and U16 products</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>🤩 We’d love to hear from you if…</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>You’re an excellent project manager who can juggle multiple priorities and stakeholders from a range of seniority levels and Collectives</li>
<li>You’re comfortable with numbers, for example estimating ‘size of prize’ to support prioritisation and decision making&nbsp;</li>
<li>You’re data-informed and confident using Looker and Google Sheets (or equivalent) to evaluate trends and spot opportunities</li>
<li>You’re detail-oriented and can make complex operations run smoothly and compliantly</li>
<li>You bring structure and clarity to ambiguity and have a track record of making things better at scale</li>
<li>You’re a strong communicator and cross-functional collaborator</li>
</ul>
<p>Not ticking every box? That’s totally okay! Studies show that women and people of colour might hesitate to apply unless they meet every single requirement. At Monzo, we’re dedicated to creating a diverse and welcoming team. If you’re passionate about this role and keen to learn and grow with us, we encourage you to apply— even if you don’t have everything that's listed just yet. Drop us your application, we’d love to hear from you!<br><br></p>
<p><strong>🙌 What’s in it for you</strong></p>
<p>💰 £70,000 - £90,000</p>
<p>📍This role is based in our London office</p>
<p>ℹ️ Please note this will be a 12 month fixed term contract</p>
<p>⏰ We offer flexible working hours and trust you to work enough hours to do your job well, and at times that suit you and your team.&nbsp;</p>
<p>📚 £1,000 learning budget each year to use on books, training courses and conferences.</p>
<p>🏡 We will set you up to work from home; all employees are given Macbooks and for fully remote workers we will provide extra support for your work-from-home setup.&nbsp;</p>
<p>➕ Plus lots more! <a href="https://monzo.com/careers/">Read our full list of benefits</a>.</p>
<p><strong><br>🌈</strong><strong> The application journey has 3 key steps</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><strong>30 min recruiter call</strong></li>
<li><strong>30 min call with the hiring manager</strong></li>
<li><strong>2 hours of technical and behavioural interviews</strong></li>
</ul>
<p>This process should take around 2-3 weeks - your schedule is really important to us, so we promise to be as flexible as possible!&nbsp;</p>
<p>We have some guidelines on using Artificial Intelligence (AI) to ace an application and interview at Monzo. <a href="https://monzo.com/blog/the-ultimate-guide-on-using-ai-to-ace-an-interview-at-monzo">You can read them here.</a></p>
<p>We’ll only close this role once we have enough applications for the next stage. Please submit your application as soon as possible to make sure you don’t miss out.&nbsp;</p>
<p>#LI-OS1<strong><br><br></strong></p><div class="content-conclusion"><hr>
<p><strong>Equal opportunities for everyone</strong></p>
<p>Diversity and inclusion are a priority for us and we’re making sure we have lots of support for all of our people to grow at Monzo. At Monzo, we’re embracing diversity by fostering an inclusive environment for all people to do the best work of their lives with us. This is integral to our mission of making money work for everyone. You can read more in our <a href="https://monzo.com/blog/diversity-and-inclusion">blog</a>, 2024 <a href="https://monzo.com/blog/our-2024-diversity-and-inclusion-report" target="\_blank">Diversity and Inclusion Report</a> and 2024 <a href="https://monzo.com/blog/an-update-on-our-gender-pay-gap-2024">Gender Pay Gap Report.</a></p>
<p>We’re an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be considered for employment without attention to age, ethnicity, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, family or parental status, national origin, or veteran, neurodiversity or disability status.</p>
<p>If you have a preferred name, please use it to apply. We don't need full or birth names at application stage 😊</p></div>