<h2><strong>The role:&nbsp;</strong></h2>
<p>HelloFresh is seeking for a strategic and innovative <strong>Lead Compensation Business Partner</strong> to take the lead in developing, implementing, and ensuring the successful adoption of our global compensation programs. We are looking for an exceptional individual who can go beyond conventional frameworks, leveraging insights, unlock pay transparency, and robust business partnership to deliver exceptional outcomes. This role is crucial in guaranteeing our compensation strategies effectively reward and motivate our employees.</p>
<p>Reporting to the Global Director, Compensation Strategy, this highly visible role will be essential in aligning our compensation programs with HelloFresh’s pay philosophy, support our growth ambitions, maintain competitiveness, and ensure pay compliance. This individual will be instrumental in shaping our global compensation strategy and in building defensible compensation frameworks.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>In this role, you will:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><strong>Strategic Partnership:</strong> Collaborate with HR and business leaders across Tech and global units, providing a global perspective on compensation and offering expert advice on strategy, programs, and pay practices.</li>
<li><strong>Compensation Program Leadership:</strong> Lead ongoing and new strategic compensation initiatives and support the design and execution of global programs (e.g., pay equity, compensation reviews, job architecture, top talent retention).</li>
<li><strong>Analytics and Insights:</strong> Provide data-driven insights and advanced analytics to inform compensation decisions, ensuring alignment with industry trends and market competitiveness, especially for candidate offers while upholding our pay philosophy.</li>
<li><strong>Process and Tool Development:</strong> Create and refine tools, processes, and metrics/dashboards, in partnership with the global Compensation and HR teams, to address the unique compensation needs of the business and provide transparency to leaders and managers.</li>
<li><strong>Market Analysis:</strong> Develop and execute analyses to identify market movement, assess data gaps, and offer data-backed recommendations.</li>
<li><strong>Advisory &amp; Enablement:</strong> Serve as a subject matter expert for compensation strategy, programs, and pay practices. Build communication content to enable and educate HR partners, leaders, people managers and employees.</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>What we are looking for:</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li><strong>Experience:</strong> 8+ years of relevant compensation experience, with an ideal background supporting the technology or corporate functions in a fast-paced, global setting.</li>
<li><strong>Strategic &amp; Influential Mindset:</strong> A strong passion for compensation with a strategic perspective and a proven ability to direct and counsel HRBPs and senior business leaders across all organizational levels.</li>
<li><strong>Analytical Skills:</strong> Exceptional analytical skills, demonstrated by experience handling large data sets and building advanced data models (Google Sheets or Excel proficiency required).</li>
<li><strong>Program Building:</strong> A proven track record of building and implementing compensation programs in a dynamic environment, balancing employee-centric rewards with business and financial constraints.</li>
<li><strong>Adaptability:</strong> Experience navigating complexity and ambiguity, with the ability to adapt to evolving business needs.</li>
<li><strong>Communication:</strong> Exceptional communication and stakeholder management skills.</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>What we offer:</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Elevate your lifestyle! Join one of Europe's fastest-growing tech powerhouses in a dynamic phase of expansion.</li>
<li>Immerse yourself in a diverse global community of 90+ nationalities.</li>
<li>Enjoy a competitive compensation package that goes beyond the norm, with perks like a HelloFresh- subsidized Pension Scheme, Berlin relocation support, and a Hybrid working model.</li>
<li>Elevate your lifestyle with exclusive discounts on your weekly HelloFresh box and office meals.</li>
<li>Invest in your growth with an annual learning &amp; development budget, German language learning budget, and access to the HelloFresh Academy.</li>
<li>Plus, we've got your well-being covered with mental health support, transportation perks, and working-parent-friendly benefits. From our 24/7 gym access,wellbeing platforms like Headspace and Spill, to sabbatical leave options, HelloFresh is not just a workplace; it's a lifestyle of perks and possibilities!</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<h2><strong>Are you up for the challenge?</strong></h2>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>Please submit your complete application below including your salary expectations and earliest</p>
<p>starting date. After submitting an application our team will review this and get back to you shortly.</p>