<h2><strong>Who we are</strong></h2>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>About Stripe</strong></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies—from the world’s largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyone’s reach while doing the most important work of your career.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>About the team</strong></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>The Support Experience engineering organization builds and improves Stripe’s user support from end to end: how users get help within our products, how they get in touch with us when they have questions, and how our teams use internal tools to answer those questions. We’re accountable for the quality and reliability of this support stack and we use data and firsthand experience to continuously improve it.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Providing great support to users of all sizes is culturally important to everyone at Stripe. We partner closely with Stripe’s design, product, and operational teams across a wide surface area: the external-facing support interfaces (<a href="https://support.stripe.com/">https://support.stripe.com/</a>), self-serve content, entry points, internal tooling, case routing, and helping product teams across the company reduce support volume by improving our products. We are also using the latest generative AI technologies to re-imagine support experiences, and are developing AI assistants for Stripe’s users and to help our operations teams be more productive.</p>
<p><br><br></p>
<h2><strong>What you’ll do</strong></h2>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>You’ll lead and grow an established, high-performing engineering team within the Support Experience organization. Your job is to start with what’s been built and make it better: grow the team, elevate the technical bar, and expand the team’s impact across Stripe.</p>
<p>In this role, your team will build support experiences for priority user segments, solving problems such as how platforms, enterprises, and consumer users get help from Stripe. This includes implementing new API endpoints for use across multiple products, data engineering to improve our support operations with real-time insights, or building AI-enabled product experiences designed for each segment’s unique needs. You’ll lead your team to use the best tools for each job, whether that means experimental machine learning applications or proven techniques for building scalable distributed systems.</p>
<p><strong>Responsibilities</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Hire, lead, and manage a team of talented engineers, providing mentorship, guidance, and support to ensure their success.</li>
<li>Collaborate with cross-functional stakeholders, including product managers and designers, to understand customer needs and translate them into technical solutions.</li>
<li>Define the technical vision and roadmap for the suite of products managed by the team, aligning it with business objectives and industry best practices.</li>
<li>Drive the execution of projects, overseeing the entire development lifecycle from planning to delivery, while maintaining high standards of quality and timely completion.</li>
<li>Foster a collaborative and inclusive work environment, promoting innovation, knowledge sharing, and continuous improvement within the team.</li>
<li>Stay up-to-date with emerging technologies, industry trends, and advancements in AI and customer experience practices to identify opportunities for improvement and innovation.</li>
<li>Communicate effectively with stakeholders, providing regular updates on project status, progress, and any potential risks or challenges.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<h2><strong>Who you are</strong></h2>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>We’re looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.</p>
<h2><strong>Minimum requirements</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>3+ years of experience managing teams that build and operate full-stack web applications at scale, and 10+ years of overall industry experience</li>
<li>A passion for supporting both external users and internal customers</li>
<li>Successfully recruited and built great teams</li>
<li>The ability to thrive with a high level of autonomy and responsibility</li>
<li>The desire to encourage a healthy, inclusive work environment that’s both supportive and challenging</li>
<li>Clear and persuasive writing and in-person communication</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Preferred qualifications</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>You have experience designing, deploying, and owning Agentic LLM solutions (e.g., multi-step orchestrators, tool use/function calling) specifically for complex customer support or internal workflow automation.</li>
<li>You are comfortable planning in quarters, and can set a vision for several years</li>
<li>You are excited about collaborating with teammates across Stripe’s organization to provide a wonderful support experience to users</li>
<li>You are comfortable working with geographically distributed teams</li>
<li>Experience managing multiple engineering teams</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>