Metabase is the easiest way for people to get insights from their data, from tiny startups who get up and running quickly to major corporations with tens of thousands of users. That's why people [love us](https://www.metabase.com/love).

We bring data tools with the elegance and simplicity of consumer products to the crufty world of enterprise business intelligence. We provide an opinionated open source starting point for how companies should measure, analyze and share their data, which is used by tens of thousands of companies.

Metabase is looking for our first Account Manager to support our new cross sell motion. We have recently released Metabot, our new AI product, and releasing some even bigger things next year that are primed to make some splashes. We have thousands of customers today that we think will gain a lot of value from these products and are searching for the initial team that will help build and run the new selling motion.

This is a 0-1 type of role that doesn’t have existing process today. You will be supported as we build things out, but the role will demand building out process, designing playbooks, in addition to managing and closing pipeline.

It will undoubtedly be an exciting thing to work on as it could be a key part of our next phase of growth.

## What you’ll do:

- Define and build target account plans
- Build and refine new product positioning
- Manage pipeline from creation to close

## What we’re looking for:

- Experience being the first person in a role of its kind at a company
- Ability to iterate on technical product messaging
- Ability to manage an active opportunity pipeline
- Experience assisting customers with technical proof of concepts
- Familiarity with tooling that will help with the job: Clay, Unify, Salesforce, etc.

## Qualities we look for:

- Ownership
- Comfortable with experiments
- Strong ability to sell
- Technical aptitude

We're a global team (50% outside the US), fully distributed (from Thailand to California), who get things done asynchronously, with plenty of uninterrupted time, supporting each other to do the best work of our careers. We offer flexibility (define your own schedule and work from wherever you want), autonomy, and an environment that fosters growth, learning, and development. We're relentlessly user-focused and believe in building long-term value, not short-term hacks. And we raised a $30M Series B to take our approach to the next level for years to come.

For U.S. applicants: Metabase participates in the federal E-Verify program, which confirms employment authorization of newly hired U.S. based employees. E-Verify is not used as a tool to pre-screen candidates and is only initiated upon hire.

[E-Verify Participation Notice](https://www.e-verify.gov/sites/default/files/everify/posters/EVerifyParticipationPoster.pdf) (English/Spanish)

[Right to Work Notice](https://www.e-verify.gov/sites/default/files/everify/posters/IER_RightToWorkPoster%20Eng_Es.pdf) (English/Spanish)