At Layup Parts our mission is to continually impress our customers. We are a startup utilizing the latest technology to reshape the composites industry by manufacturing high quality composite parts faster and more affordably than anyone else. Our customers are developing tomorrow's high tech products, and we are building technology to accelerate their success.

We value initiative and attitude and are building a team of outstanding individuals who take pride in their work, enjoy mentoring and learning from others, and are eager to tackle any challenge.

## You will work on:

- Sand/Polish, seal and release molds, as well as waxing and maintenance.
- Laminate parts, including ply placement from dimensions, templates and/or projection systems, placing release film, peal ply, breather, thermocouples etc.
- Making and installing bags, finding and sealing leaks and performing vacuum leak down testing.
- Demold, trim and bond assemblies including bond line preparation.
- Provide DFM feedback to engineers to improve our processes.
- Use internal systems to document production activities such as: material usage, material freeze/thaw status, assigned cure cycles, etc.

## Required:

- **Be awesome! Be the kind of person you want to work with!**
- Be a strong team member, able to give and accept help to deliver quality parts on time.
- Identify and solve problems quickly, and communicate issues clearly to leadership and engineering to prevent recurring issues.
- Have a high sense of urgency, with a strong attention to detail and a resolve to deliver the highest quality.
- Have 3+ years experience as a technician in prepreg composites manufacturing, and have an understanding of industry best practices for things like intensifiers/caul plates, adhesive films, core splicing, hard points, ply drops, debulking, etc.
- Be comfortable to read and interpret layup books, as well as working from process controlling work instructions.
- Be proficient in using common measuring and assembly tools such as calipers, scales, tape measures, torque wrenches, hand drills, etc.
- Be comfortable learning new methods and technologies, and incorporating them into your workflow.
- Ability to lift 50 lbs, stand for long periods and work hands-on in a production setting.

## Preferred:

- Have experience in aerospace and/or motorsport.
- Have experience with both in and out of autoclave manufacturing.
- Have experience in multiple aspects of the manufacturing process such as: operating ply cutter, mold finishing and releasing, mold maintenance, lamination, bagging, curing, de-molding, trimming and/or finishing.
- Have experience in other composites manufacturing methods like vacuum infusion (VARTM), compression molding/hot pressed molding, trapped rubber molding, and wet-layup.
- Have the flexibility to work extended hours/weekends when required to meet customer timelines.

Actual base salary will be based on several factors including but not limited to candidates relevant education, experience, knowledge and skill in the core subject matter of the position as well as relevant peripheral qualifications.

Layup Parts also offers equity option grants with most full time offers, as well as a highly competitive benefits including: medical, dental, vision, short and long-term disability and life insurance. We have a competitive PTO plan including paid holiday and vacation time, as well as leave policy.

Layup is an equal-opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will be treated with respect and receive equal consideration for employment without regard to race, color, creed, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, uniform service, Veteran status, age, or any other protected characteristic per federal, state, or local law, including those with a criminal history, in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable state and local laws, including the CA Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance.

ITAR Requirements - To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C. § 1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C. § 1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR [here](https://www.pmddtc.state.gov/?id=ddtc_kb_article_page&sys_id=24d528fddbfc930044f9ff621f961987).