<p>
  <strong>Headquarters:</strong> Remote U.S.
</p>

<p>At Vanta, our mission is to help businesses earn and prove trust.<strong> </strong>We believe that security should be monitored and verified continuously, and we empower companies to practice better security and prove it with ease. Vanta has a kind and talented team, and while some have prior security experience, many have been successful at Vanta without it.&nbsp;</p><p></p><p>As a Senior Applied AI Engineer at Vanta, you will play a crucial role in shaping Vanta’s AI offerings, setting technical strategy, and leading projects that leverage AI to deliver smarter, faster outcomes for our customers. You’ll be part of the core AI team, working alongside a multidisciplinary group of product engineers, machine learning engineers, product managers, designers, and security and compliance experts to implement, scale, and maintain AI-enabled product experiences. In this role, you’ll build products that enable Vanta’s customers to leverage AI to accelerate their journey towards compliance, managing risk, and earning trust.</p><p></p><p><em>Visit our </em><a href="https://www.vanta.com/all-categories/engineering"><em>Vanta Engineering Blog</em></a><em> to learn more about what our team is working on!&nbsp;</em></p><p></p><p><strong>What you’ll do as an engineer working on Applied AI at Vanta:</strong></p><ul><li><p>Work cross-functionally to design and implement AI-powered features to deliver customer value and integrate LLMs with Vanta’s existing products and systems. You’ll work with other product engineers across Vanta to understand how AI systems can accelerate product adoption at Vanta</p></li><li><p>Instrument evaluations, guardrails, and monitoring, and review customer usage to continually improve quality</p></li><li><p>Collaborate with AI Platform engineers shaping foundational AI systems and tooling that accelerate product teams</p></li><li><p>Make pragmatic tradeoffs that consider business priorities, user experience, and a sustainable technical foundation</p></li><li><p>Mentor engineers, champion good technical and product instincts, and model a collaborative, high-ownership engineering culture</p></li></ul><p></p><p><strong>How to be successful in this role:</strong></p><ul><li><p>At least 7 years of industry experience as a software engineer</p></li><li><p>You’ve shipped LLM-backed products and have experience with prompting, RAG, and/or agent frameworks</p></li><li><p>You have experience designing, building, and scaling full-stack applications, including backend systems, APIs, and frontend interfaces. You have familiarity with TypeScript, React, and Node.js, or a willingness to learn!</p></li><li><p>You have experience improving AI systems, creating eval sets, and driving quality hill-climbing</p></li><li><p>You have experience mentoring other engineers and collaborating with product and design</p></li><li><p>You have worked at rapidly scaling startups and large companies, especially with environments that prioritize a bias for action</p></li><li><p>You are action-driven, willing to roll up your sleeves and engage directly with users. You aren’t afraid to put on your product hat. While you bring strong opinions, you prioritize building a platform that meets users where they are</p></li></ul><p></p><p><strong>What you can expect as a Vantan:</strong></p><ul><li><p>Industry-competitive compensation</p></li><li><p>100% covered medical, dental, and vision benefits with dependents coverage</p></li><li><p>16 weeks fully-paid parental Leave for all new parents</p></li><li><p>Health &amp; wellness and remote workplace stipends</p></li><li><p>Family planning benefits through Carrot Fertility</p></li><li><p>401(k) matching</p></li><li><p>Flexible work hours and location</p></li><li><p>Open PTO policy</p></li><li><p>11 paid holidays in the US</p></li><li><p>Offices in SF, NYC, London, Dublin, and Sydney</p></li></ul><p></p><p>To provide greater transparency to candidates, we share base pay ranges for all US-based job postings regardless of state. We set standard base pay ranges for all roles based on function, level, and country location, benchmarked against similar-stage growth companies. Final offer amounts are determined by multiple factors and may vary based on candidate location, skills, depth of work experience, and relevant licenses/credentials. </p><p></p><p>#LI-remote</p><p></p><p><em>At Vanta, we are committed to hiring diverse talent of different backgrounds and as such, it is important to us to provide an inclusive work environment for all. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, gender identity, age, religion, sexual orientation, veteran or disability status, or any other protected class. As an equal opportunity employer, we encourage and welcome people of all backgrounds to apply.</em></p><p></p><p><strong>About Vanta</strong></p><p>We started in 2018, in the wake of several high-profile data breaches. Online security was only becoming more important, but we knew firsthand how hard it could be for fast-growing companies to invest the time and manpower it takes to build a solid security foundation.&nbsp;Vanta was inspired by a vision to restore trust in internet businesses by enabling companies to improve and prove their security. From our early days automating security monitoring for compliance standards like SOC 2, HIPAA and ISO 27001 to creating the world's leading Trust Management Platform, our vision remains unchanged.&nbsp;</p><p>Now more than ever, making security continuous—not just a point-in-time check— is essential. Thousands of companies rely on Vanta to build, maintain and demonstrate their trust— all in a way that's real-time and transparent.</p>

<p><strong>To apply:</strong> <a href="https://weworkremotely.com/remote-jobs/vanta-senior-software-engineer-ai-product">https://weworkremotely.com/remote-jobs/vanta-senior-software-engineer-ai-product</a></p>