<div class="content-intro"><p><strong data-stringify-type="bold">Why work at Nebius<br></strong>Nebius is leading a new era in cloud computing to serve the global AI economy. We create the tools and resources our customers need to solve real-world challenges and transform industries, without massive infrastructure costs or the need to build large in-house AI/ML teams. Our employees work at the cutting edge of AI cloud infrastructure alongside some of the most experienced and innovative leaders and engineers in the field.</p>
<p><strong>Where we work<br></strong>Headquartered in Amsterdam and listed on Nasdaq, Nebius has a global footprint with R&amp;D hubs across Europe, North America, and Israel. The team of over 1400 employees includes more than 400 highly skilled engineers with deep expertise across hardware and software engineering, as well as an in-house AI R&amp;D team.</p></div><p><strong>Responsibilities:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Design and develop mechanical components and assemblies for server and racks hardware</li>
<li>Create 3D models, detailed drawings, and specifications using CAD tools</li>
<li>Collaborate with electrical, systems, and manufacturing engineers for product integration (placement of PCBs, power supplies, cooling systems)&nbsp;</li>
<li>Perform thermal and structural analysis to ensure system performance and reliability (if required)&nbsp;</li>
<li>Support prototyping, testing, and validation of designs&nbsp;</li>
<li>Work with suppliers and manufacturing partners to ensure design for manufacturability (DFM) and cost efficiency&nbsp;</li>
<li>Identify and resolve design issues throughout the product lifecycle&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Requirements:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in Mechanical Engineering or related field&nbsp;</li>
<li>3+ years of experience in mechanical design, preferably in electronics or server hardware&nbsp;</li>
<li>Proficiency with CAD software (e.g., SolidWorks, Creo, or similar)&nbsp;</li>
<li>Strong understanding of thermal management, materials, and manufacturing processes&nbsp;</li>
<li>Experience with sheet metal design, plastics, and/or machining&nbsp;</li>
<li>Knowledge of data center or server systems is a plus&nbsp;</li>
<li>Strong problem-solving skills and attention to details&nbsp;</li>
<li>Ability to work effectively in a cross-functional team environment</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Nice to have:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Direct experience designing server, storage, or networking hardware&nbsp;</li>
<li>Expertise in thermal design, including airflow optimization, heat sink design, and liquid cooling systems</li>
<li>Familiarity with data center standards and ecosystems (e.g., rack layouts, cable management, serviceability requirements)</li>
<li>Experience with simulation tools (CFD/FEA)&nbsp;</li>
<li>Familiarity with materials selection for performance, cost, and sustainability considerations&nbsp;</li>
<li>Experience with rapid prototyping techniques (3D printing, CNC, sheet metal fabrication)</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>What we offer</strong>&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>Competitive salary and comprehensive benefits package.</li>
<li>Opportunities for professional growth within Nebius.</li>
<li>Flexible working arrangements.</li>
<li>A dynamic and collaborative work environment that values initiative and innovation.</li>
</ul>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">We’re growing and expanding our products every day. If you’re up to the challenge and are excited about AI and ML as much as we are, join us!</span></p></div>