<h2><strong>About Graphcore</strong></h2>
<p>At Graphcore, we’re building the future of AI compute.</p>
<p>We’re a team of semiconductor, software and AI experts, with deep experience in creating the complete AI compute stack - from silicon and software to infrastructure at datacenter scale.</p>
<p>As part of the SoftBank Group, backed by significant long-term investment, we are delivering key technology into the fast-growing SoftBank AI ecosystem.</p>
<p>To meet the vast and exciting AI opportunity, Graphcore is expanding its teams around the world.</p>
<p>We are bringing together the brightest minds to solve the toughest problems, in a place where everyone has the opportunity to make an impact on the company, our products and the future of artificial intelligence.</p>
<p><br><strong>The Team:</strong></p>
<p><span data-ccp-props="{&quot;134233117&quot;:false,&quot;134233118&quot;:false,&quot;335559738&quot;:240,&quot;335559739&quot;:240}">The verification team sits within the Silicon design team and is responsible for ensuring that the RTL created by the logical design team and used by the physical design team matches the architecture specification for&nbsp;</span><span data-ccp-props="{&quot;134233117&quot;:false,&quot;134233118&quot;:false,&quot;335559738&quot;:240,&quot;335559739&quot;:240}">Graphcore silicon. The Silicon Verification Lead is responsible for verification activities within Graphcore, helping the team meet the company objectives for quality silicon delivery.</span></p>
<p><strong><span data-ccp-props="{&quot;134233117&quot;:false,&quot;134233118&quot;:false,&quot;335559738&quot;:240,&quot;335559739&quot;:240}">Responsibilities</span></strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Verification planning, specification and closure of functional coverage</li>
<li><span data-ccp-props="{&quot;134233117&quot;:false,&quot;134233118&quot;:false,&quot;335559738&quot;:240,&quot;335559739&quot;:240}">Providing feedback to architects</span></li>
<li><span data-ccp-props="{&quot;134233117&quot;:false,&quot;134233118&quot;:false,&quot;335559738&quot;:240,&quot;335559739&quot;:240}">Test generation and failure diagnosis/triage</span></li>
<li><span data-ccp-props="{&quot;134233117&quot;:false,&quot;134233118&quot;:false,&quot;335559738&quot;:240,&quot;335559739&quot;:240}">Contributing to shared verification infrastructure</span></li>
<li>Ensuring good communication between sites</li>
</ul>
<p><span data-ccp-props="{&quot;134233117&quot;:false,&quot;134233118&quot;:false,&quot;335559738&quot;:240,&quot;335559739&quot;:240}"><strong>Essential skills:</strong><br>• Verification experience in relevant industry<br>• Proven leadership and planning skills<br>• Highly motivated, a self starter, and a team player<br>• Ability to work across teams and programming languages to find root causes of deep and complex issues<br>• Experience of the verification process applied in CPU and/or ASIC environments<br>• System Verilog, Python, C++, Linux</span></p>
<p><span data-ccp-props="{&quot;134233117&quot;:false,&quot;134233118&quot;:false,&quot;335559738&quot;:240,&quot;335559739&quot;:240}"><strong>Desirable skills:</strong><br>• UVM<br>• SVA<br>• Assembly languages<br>• LLVM, GCC<br>• DVCS e.g. Git<br>• SGE or other DRMS<br>• XML and XPath/XSLT<br>• Web programming – HTML/DOM, Javascript, SQL&nbsp;&nbsp;<br><br></span></p>
<p><strong><span data-contrast="none"><span data-ccp-charstyle="Strong">Benefits</span><span data-ccp-charstyle="Strong">:</span></span></strong><span data-ccp-props="{&quot;134245418&quot;:true,&quot;134245529&quot;:true,&quot;201341983&quot;:0,&quot;335557856&quot;:16777215,&quot;335559738&quot;:160,&quot;335559739&quot;:80,&quot;335559740&quot;:240}">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span data-contrast="none">In addition to a competitive salary, Graphcore offers flexible working, a generous annual leave policy, private medical insurance and health cash plan, a dental plan, pension (matched up to 5%), life assurance and income protection. We have a generous parental leave policy and an employee assistance programme (which includes health, mental wellbeing, and bereavement support). We offer a range of healthy food and snacks at our central Bristol office and have our own barista bar! We welcome people of different backgrounds and experiences; we’re committed to building an inclusive work environment that makes Graphcore a great home for everyone. We offer an equal opportunity process and understand that there are visible and invisible differences in all of us. We can provide a flexible approach to interview and encourage you to chat to us if you require any reasonable adjustments</span>&nbsp;<span data-ccp-props="{&quot;201341983&quot;:0,&quot;335551550&quot;:6,&quot;335551620&quot;:6,&quot;335559685&quot;:720,&quot;335559739&quot;:0,&quot;335559740&quot;:240}">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">We welcome people of different backgrounds and experiences and are committed to building an inclusive work environment that makes Graphcore a great home for everyone. We are an equal opportunity employer and want to build a work environment where everyone is happy, productive and respectful so they can do their best work. If you have a disability or additional need that requires accommodation, just let us know.</span><span data-ccp-props="{&quot;201341983&quot;:0,&quot;335551550&quot;:6,&quot;335551620&quot;:6,&quot;335559739&quot;:0,&quot;335559740&quot;:240}">&nbsp;</span></p>