<div class="content-intro"><p><strong>COMPANY OVERVIEW</strong></p>
<p>KKR is a leading global investment firm that offers alternative asset management as well as capital markets and insurance solutions. KKR aims to generate attractive investment returns by following a patient and disciplined investment approach, employing world-class people, and supporting growth in its portfolio companies and communities. KKR sponsors investment funds that invest in private equity, credit and real assets and has strategic partners that manage hedge funds. KKR’s insurance subsidiaries offer retirement, life and reinsurance products under the management of Global Atlantic Financial Group. References to KKR’s investments may include the activities of its sponsored funds and insurance subsidiaries.</p></div><p><strong>KKR's Gurugram</strong> office provides best in class services and solutions to our internal stakeholders and clients, drive organization wide process efficiency and transformation, and reflect KKR's global culture and values of teamwork and innovation. The office will contain multifunctional business capabilities and will be integral in furthering the growth and transformation of KKR.&nbsp;<br>&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;<br><strong>TEAM OVERVIEW</strong> </p>
<p>KKR’s Technology team is responsible for building and supporting the firm’s technological foundation including a globally distributed infrastructure, information security, and the application and data platforms. The team drives a culture of technology excellence across the firm through efficient workflow automation, democratization of data through modern data and collaboration platforms, and more recently through research and development of Generative AI based tools and services. Technology is regarded as a key business enabler at KKR and is an important accelerator to drive towards global scale creation and business process transformation. The Technology team consists of highly technical and business-centric technologists with the ability to form strong partnerships across all of our businesses. A dedicated Program Management function along with the Product Managers drive execution discipline across multiple technology teams with a goal to consistently deliver excellence serving our business needs.</p>
<p><strong>POSITION SUMMARY</strong></p>
<p>This role blends hands-on development responsibilities with cross-functional leadership, mentorship, and strategic architectural guidance. This position is a full-time position and will be onsite in our Gurugram office. We are operating in a 4 day in office, 1 day flexible work arrangement.</p>
<p><strong>ROLES AND RESPONSIBILITIES</strong></p>
<p>• &nbsp; &nbsp;Design, develop, and enhance Workday integrations connecting internal systems and external vendors (e.g., Benefits, Payroll, etc.), using Workday technologies such as Workday Studio, Core Connectors, EIBs, Document Transformation, calculated fields, custom reports, Web Services, and PGP/SSH key management.<br>• &nbsp; &nbsp;Provide ongoing production support for Workday integrations and Human Capital applications by diagnosing and resolving data, process, or access-related issues; respond to user and stakeholder inquiries in a timely manner.<br>• &nbsp; &nbsp;Collaborate with Human Capital and technology teams to configure and maintain Single Sign-On (SSO) for Human Capital applications, and support validation or testing during infrastructure upgrades (Windows, Unix), occasionally requiring after-hours or weekend involvement.<br>• &nbsp; &nbsp;Engage with business partners to elicit, analyze, and document integration and data exchange requirements, ensuring clear alignment between business objectives and technical implementation.<br>• &nbsp; &nbsp;Support integration testing activities, including system, regression, and user acceptance testing during Workday’s bi-annual release cycles; coordinate fixes and validation of impacted integrations.<br>• &nbsp; &nbsp;Participate in technical reviews and documentation walkthroughs, ensuring all integration changes, code, and artifacts adhere to established development standards, security practices, and quality guidelines.<br>• &nbsp; &nbsp;Creative problem-solving abilities to develop innovative Workday solutions when standard approaches are insufficient, including the ability to research and evaluate new Workday features and capabilities.<br>• &nbsp; &nbsp;Strong written and verbal communication skills with ability to explain technical Workday concepts to business stakeholders.</p>
<p><strong>QUALIFICATIONS&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>• &nbsp; &nbsp;3-5 years of Workday configuration experience with 2+ years of Workday integrations experience including Studio required<br>• &nbsp; &nbsp;Must have expertise in the following tools and technologies: Workday Integration Security, Workday EIBs, Web Service APIs, Workday Studio, SOAP, XML, XSLT, REST, PECI, JSON, Workday BIRT Reporting, RaaS,etc. Knowledge of JavaScript preferred but not required.<br>• &nbsp; &nbsp;Must be an expert in report writing within Workday, including creating complex advanced reports, calculated fields, reporting security, etc.<br>• &nbsp; &nbsp;Experience with requirements documentation, including ability to provide feedback on design of processes.<br>• &nbsp; &nbsp;Strong analytical and problem-solving skills.<br>• &nbsp; &nbsp;Agile learner; desire to learn new skills, self-sufficient in seeking out support from the broader team.<br>• &nbsp; &nbsp;Workday Integrations or Studio Certification is preferred.</p>
<p><strong>PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS</strong></p>
<p>• &nbsp; &nbsp;Hands-on experience developing applications using Workday Extend, including custom UI design, business logic and secure data integrations within the Workday Platform.<br>• &nbsp; &nbsp;Familiarity with Workday Orchestrate for building and managing business process automations and integration flows.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p>KKR is an equal opportunity employer.&nbsp; Individuals seeking employment are considered without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, veteran status, sexual orientation, or any other category protected by applicable law.</p>
<p>KKR will provide reasonable accommodations as required by applicable federal, state, and/or local laws. Individuals seeking an accommodation for the application or interview process should email&nbsp;<a href="mailto:Benefits@kkr.com">Benefits@kkr.com</a>. Emails sent for unrelated issues, such as following up on an application, will not receive a response.</p>
<p>If you are a qualified individual with a disability or a disabled veteran, you may request a reasonable accommodation if you are unable or limited in your ability to use or access&nbsp;<a href="https://www.kkr.com/careers" data-saferedirecturl="https://www.google.com/url?q=https://www.kkr.com/careers&amp;source=gmail&amp;ust=1774021690220000&amp;usg=AOvVaw1AG2WRszai8PfCsE-FH5EJ">https://www.kkr.com/careers</a>&nbsp;because of your disability. You can request reasonable accommodations by sending an email to&nbsp;<a href="mailto:Benefits@kkr.com">Benefits@kkr.com</a>. Only emails left for this purpose will be returned.</p>
<p><strong>Massachusetts Applicants:</strong>&nbsp;It is unlawful in Massachusetts to require or administer a lie detector test as a condition of employment or continued employment. An employer who violates this law shall be subject to criminal penalties and civil liability. This notice&nbsp;applies only&nbsp;to applicants and employees who work or will work in Massachusetts, in accordance with applicable state law.</p></div>