<p>Location: London</p>
<p>Start Date: Immediate</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<h3><span style="font-weight: 600;">The Team&nbsp;</span></h3>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">The Product team’s goal is to drive our company vision forward and orchestrate its delivery. We do this by discovering what our users are trying to achieve in their jobs, discovering opportunities to create value and sources of dissatisfaction, creating technology solutions, and working with our colleagues in Software Engineering and Product Design to deliver those solutions.&nbsp;</span></p>
<h3>&nbsp;</h3>
<h3><span style="font-weight: 600;">The Role</span></h3>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">As an Associate Product Manager at AlphaSights you’ll develop ownership of a product innovation area and will be responsible for driving it forward with significant autonomy. You’ll join our rapidly evolving, global technology function and take on challenging assignments that have the potential to transform the way our company operates. This will involve tackling a diverse set of challenges and opportunities spanning problem definition, solution ideation, development, and launch of new tech. This role is a great opportunity if you are motivated, hardworking, and enthusiastic to apply your strengths to defining product innovations within a fast-growing industry.</span></p>
<h3>&nbsp;</h3>
<h3><span style="font-weight: 600;">What You’ll Do</span></h3>
<ul>
<li><strong>User need identification and problem definition:</strong> Collect and investigate user feedback to identify and prioritize the user needs and sources of value within your product area.</li>
<li><strong>Iterative solution formation:</strong> Lead hypothesis generation and validation of detailed solutions, while incorporating cross-functional input.</li>
<li><strong>Product development:</strong> Meticulously plan and manage the software development required for your and your team’s product solutions; you will have to partner effectively with Engineering and Design to see your ideas through to completion.</li>
<li><strong>Planning:</strong> Develop and maintain a clear roadmap of accurately prioritized initiatives for your innovation area.</li>
<li><strong>Executive communication: </strong>Communicate and present ideas, insights, and updates to senior leadership. Define, measure, and monitor KPIs to ensure your product delivers demonstrable business outcomes.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<h3><span style="font-weight: 600;">Who You Are</span></h3>
<ul>
<li><strong>Exceptional problem solver</strong>: You love to collect and analyze insights to make sense of complex and ambiguous environments.</li>
<li><strong>Highly driven and proactive</strong>: You relentlessly push through hurdles and drive practical innovation.</li>
<li><strong>Fascinated by users and insatiably curious</strong>: You love listening to and empathizing with users to build a true understanding of their needs.</li>
<li><strong>Meticulous</strong>: You hold high standards and have an obsessive attention to detail.</li>
<li><strong>High-achieving: </strong>You have a proven record of academic / internship success and high performance in a CST or CST-adjacent role; we're searching for individuals with immense potential.</li>
<li><strong>Proven project manager</strong>: You are a persuasive written and verbal communicator and have excellent organizational and planning skills.</li>
<li><strong>Strategic thinker: </strong>You can think longer term and define a metrics-supported, outcome-based roadmap for your innovation area.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>AlphaSights is an equal opportunity employer.</p>