**About Agicap**

Created in Lyon in 2016 by three French entrepreneurs, Agicap is one of the fastest scale-ups in Europe, with over 8000 customers, 650 employees and fast revenue growth (7x between 2021 and 2024). Agicap is part of the French Tech 120, rewarding the most promising startups in France.

Agicap allows Finance teams of Mid-Market companies to efficiently manage and forecast their cash, pay their suppliers and get paid. By combining a Treasury Management System, and Accounts Payable and Accounts Receivable solutions into a single platform, Agicap aims at becoming the next leading Treasury Management platform for mid-market companies.

We have raised €145M since our creation, with prestigious VC funds including AVP, Greenoaks, Partech and BlackFin, with a last round in November 2024.

These additional resources further fuel our product innovation, allowing us to grow significantly and accelerate our international expansion across the world.

We believe our success comes from our highly passionate and dedicated teams, committed to building a company where people can grow and build their careers. We are constantly looking for great talents, aiming for excellence and ready to join our ambitious adventure!

**What you will do:**

Manage our  portfolio  customers to drive product adoption

Dive deep into Treasury and Corporate finance workflows to continuously improve our customers’ tool set-up

Become a product expert and use this to maximise the value and ROI that customers get out of our product as well as to act as an enabler for internal knowledge transfer

Develop a strong understanding of customer needs and act as an advocate for our customers into the organisation

Work closely with our Commercial Account Managers to identify growth opportunities within your portfolio

Cooperate closely with adjacent teams to ensure our customers reach their desired business objectives

**What you need to succeed:**

Strong academic background with a degree in finance, economics, or a similar discipline

Native in Spanish  and fluent English

A proactive nature and a continuous drive for improvement

The ability to excel in a dynamic growth environment, quickly adapt to challenges and keep a positive attitude

Excellent listening skills, customer-centric mentality and empathy towards users and customers

**What’s in it for you:**

Opportunity to join a fast-growing company and play a key role in our journey

Competitive salary and clear growth perspectives

Dynamic and learning-oriented work environment

Collaborative and supportive team with a strong entrepreneurial mindset

If you're passionate about helping businesses thrive, eager to make an impact in a high-growth environment, and excited to work with a talented and international team, we’d love to hear from you! Apply now and become part of Agicap’s ambitious journey to redefine Treasury Management for mid-market companies.