<h2><strong>Who we are</strong></h2>
<h3><strong>About Stripe</strong></h3>
<p>Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies—from the world’s largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyone’s reach while doing the most important work of your career.</p>
<h3><strong>About the team</strong></h3>
<p>WPP is organized into two pillars, each of which is grouped into pods that focus on the central tenets of Stripe's public mission. The Presence pillar creates industry-leading designs for Stripe’s front door surfaces, educates customers about the power of our platform, and drives our business success. The Platform pillar builds the internal machinery that powers these surfaces, and is responsible for making our websites fast, stable, and easy to modify.</p>
<p>WPP offers exciting opportunities to have a major impact on Stripe’s success, as stripe.com is often a user’s first impression of the company, and the vast majority of signups come via the website. We’ll apply data-driven rigor to our curiosity, and we’ll come up with clever ways to get insight into important questions. We’ll have the leeway to test out-of-the-box ideas alongside incremental ones. We’ll apply Stripe’s users-first mentality both internally and externally, crafting tangible productivity and quality-of-life improvements for colleagues while maintaining and elevating the quality of stripe.com.</p>
<h2>What you’ll do</h2>
<p>As a software engineer, you will design and build platforms &amp; services that are configurable and scalable around the globe. You will partner with many functions at Stripe, with the opportunity to both work on infrastructure/platform systems, as well as produce direct user-facing business impact.</p>
<p>Organizations is one of Stripe’s biggest bets. You will be joining a team with an ambitious and exciting goal at an early stage, with several opportunities to solve complex engineering problems at scale. If this sounds exciting, we’d love to speak with you.&nbsp;</p>
<h2>Responsibilities</h2>
<ul>
<li>Design, build, and maintain scalable, reliable and performant services and systems</li>
<li>Work with a wide range of systems, processes and technologies to own and solve technical and product problems</li>
<li>Build and launch new capabilities and products that bring significant value to customers</li>
<li>Uphold our high engineering standards, and elevate quality and engineering efficiency within our many codebases and processes</li>
<li>Collaborate with stakeholders across the organization including dependency engineering teams, product, design, infrastructure, and operations</li>
<li>Debug production issues across services at multiple levels of the stack.&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<h2>Who you are</h2>
<p>We’re looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.</p>
<h3>Minimum requirements</h3>
<ul>
<li>Strong technical background, including 3+ years of experience as a backend engineer, with an affinity for building scalable backend infrastructure.</li>
<li>Experience delivering, extending, and maintaining large scale distributed systems.</li>
<li>Empathetic, collaborative, and user-first mindset in everything you build</li>
<li>Interest in working as a generalist across varying technologies and stacks to solve problems and delight both internal and external users</li>
<li>Ability to stitch together many different services together even if you have not worked with them before</li>
<li>Preference for simple solutions and designs over complex ones, and having a good intuition for what is lasting and scalable</li>
<li>The skills to build holistically – from specs and documentation to implementation, testing, deployment, and measuring impact</li>
<li>Ability to work well cross-functionally and earn trust from colleagues at all levels</li>
<li>Experience mentoring and growing junior engineers as their technical leader</li>
</ul>
<h3>Preferred qualifications</h3>
<ul>
<li>Fellow engineers feel they are able to learn from you, and you care deeply about mentoring others</li>
<li>Propensity to ask questions, assume good intentions, and defaulting to transparency</li>
<li>You are often cited as the inspiration for engineers that join your team</li>
<li>You’ve worked to build pricing tooling that scales&nbsp;</li>
</ul>