<p><strong>THE POSITION<br></strong>Our roster has an opening with your name on it</p>
<p>We are looking for a Data Scientist for our Sports Modeling &amp; Innovation team to tackle our most challenging sports modeling problems. Throughout the lifecycle of a model, from data collection through results, you will create predictive models of sports to build tools and dashboards, price markets, and drive actionable insights across FanDuel Group. You will be working closely with the product and risk and trading teams, modeling player performance, team performance, and game outcomes among other challenges You will promote effective communication of model outputs and contribute to a collaborative code environment.</p>
<p>In addition to the specific responsibilities outlined above, employees may be required to perform other such duties as assigned by the Company. This ensures operational flexibility and allows the Company to meet evolving business needs.</p>
<p><strong>THE GAME PLAN</strong><br>Everyone on our team has a part to play</p>
<ul>
<li>Develop, iterate, and take to production machine learning models to predict sports outcomes and solve problems</li>
<li>Iterate and improve on betting product range to ensure market leading offering</li>
<li>Continuous improvement in pricing techniques - both at an individual level and working with trading teams to optimize predictive and derivative model pricing</li>
<li>Construct models, analyzes and solutions in response to a question or problem posed by a stakeholder or colleague</li>
<li>Manage the data preparation process from collection through cleaning</li>
<li>Build robust predictive models, showing capabilities of feature and model selection</li>
<li>Contribute to a production code environment</li>
<li>Work with decision-makers across the company to understand their goals, identify opportunities to use data to develop new insights and improve business results</li>
<li>Create dashboards and data visualizations for analysis and communication</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>THE STATS</strong><br>What we're looking for in our next teammate</p>
<ul>
<li>A minimum of 1 year of Industry Experience in data science, analytics or engineering preferred</li>
<li>Bachelor's Degree in a highly numerate major (Math, Stats, Econ, etc.) or relevant experience in data science preferred</li>
<li>Strong analytical and quantitative skills, with high proficiency in Python or R, and SQL</li>
<li>Understanding and application of Bayesian statistics</li>
<li>Experience building and using models to help create production level products and tools</li>
<li>Comfortable with command line tools and GitHub</li>
<li>Object-oriented design and coding skills</li>
<li>Strong verbal and written communication skills</li>
<li>Ability to work across teams, locations and time zones</li>
<li>Interest or experience in Sports Gaming and/or Fantasy Sports<br><br></li>
</ul>
<p style="text-align: center;"><strong>ABOUT FANDUEL</strong></p>
<p>FanDuel Group is the premier mobile gaming company in the United States and Canada. FanDuel Group consists of a portfolio of leading brands across mobile wagering including: America’s #1 Sportsbook, FanDuel Sportsbook; its leading iGaming platform, FanDuel Casino; the industry’s unquestioned leader in horse racing and advance-deposit wagering, FanDuel Racing; and its daily fantasy sports product. &nbsp;</p>
<p>In addition, FanDuel Group operates FanDuel TV, its broadly distributed linear cable television network and FanDuel TV+, its leading direct-to-consumer OTT platform. FanDuel Group has a presence across all 50 states, Canada, and Puerto Rico.</p>
<p>The company is based in New York with US offices in Los Angeles, Atlanta, and Jersey City, as well as global offices in Canada and Scotland. The company’s affiliates have offices worldwide, including in Ireland, Portugal, Romania, and Australia.</p>
<p>FanDuel Group is a subsidiary of Flutter Entertainment, the world's largest sports betting and gaming operator with a portfolio of globally recognized brands and traded on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE: FLUT).<br><br></p>
<p><strong>PLAYER BENEFITS</strong><br>We treat our team right</p>
<p>We offer amazing benefits above and beyond the basics. We have an array of health plans to choose from (some as low as $0 per paycheck) that include programs for fertility and family planning, mental health support, and fitness benefits. We offer generous paid time off (PTO &amp; sick leave), annual bonus and long-term incentive opportunities (based on performance), 401k with up to a 5% match, commuter benefits , pet insurance, and more - check out all our benefits here:&nbsp;<a href="https://fanduelbenefits.com/"><strong>FanDuel Total Rewards</strong></a>. \*Benefits differ across location, role, and level.</p>
<p style="text-align: center;">FanDuel is an equal opportunities employer and we believe, as one of our principles states, “We are One Team!”. As such, we are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ethnicity, ancestry, religion, creed, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship status, marital status, disability, gender identity, gender expression, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by state, local or federal law. We believe FanDuel is strongest and best able to compete if all employees feel valued, respected, and included.<br><br></p>
<p style="text-align: center;"><strong><em>The applicable salary range for this position is $116,000 - $152,250 USD, which is dependent on a variety of factors including relevant experience, location, business needs and market demand. This role may offer the following benefits: medical, vision, and dental insurance; life insurance; disability insurance; a 401(k) matching program; among other employee benefits. This role may also be eligible for short-term or long-term incentive compensation, including, but not limited to, cash bonuses and stock program participation. This role includes paid personal time off and 14 paid company holidays. FanDuel offers paid sick time in accordance with all applicable state and federal laws.</em></strong></p>
<p style="text-align: center;"><strong><em>FanDuel is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities. If you have a disability and need a workplace accommodation or adjustment during the application and hiring process, including support for the interview or onboarding process, please email<span class="Apple-converted-space">&nbsp;</span><a class="ms-outlook-linkify" href="mailto:Benefits@fanduel.com">Benefits@fanduel.com</a>.</em></strong></p>
<p style="text-align: center;"><strong><em>It is unlawful in Massachusetts to require or administer a lie detector test as a condition of employment or continued employment. An employer who violates this law shall be subject to criminal penalties and civil liability.</em></strong></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>#LI-Hybrid</p>