*Porter is expanding into **Michigan** and is looking for Nurse Practitioners like you*!

**\*This is a traveling position supporting patients across Michigan, with the largest volumes located in the Grand Rapids area\***

**Travel Accommodations covered - Hotels, rental care reimbursement**

**Who We Are**

Porter Cares is a passionate group of individuals dedicated to providing unbridled transparency throughout the healthcare continuum by combining healthcare analytics with compassion and trust. Porter considers the whole person, their environment, and their preferences for a personalized health approach. This new era of health innovation offers the opportunity to lower costs, boost access and inclusivity, and revolutionize treatment experiences and outcomes for all consumers. Our consumer-centered ecosystem demystifies healthcare decisions for consumers and providers. Providers, recently discharged patients, or anyone searching for healthcare needs outside of the hospital can find a trusted route to independence through Porter.

**Who You Are**

The ideal member of Porter will be a change agent, altering the status quo of healthcare delivery. You and your fellow Porter team members will provide an innovative and empathetic ecosystem of transparency to our members. New team members will join feeling energetic and excited to revolutionize the healthcare continuum and contribute to the success of our mission-driven organization.

**What You'll Do**

You will visit members within your geographic area of responsibility and conduct an in-home health risk assessment including an evaluation of past medical history, review of systems, medication reconciliation, vital signs, and a comprehensive physical exam. This evidence-based practice screening will include point-of-care testing (as appropriate), the identification of diagnoses to be used in care management by our Porter Care Guides and active medical management in the furtherance of treatment, and the formulation of a list of current and past medical conditions using clinical knowledge and judgment and the findings of your assessment.

**What You'll Need**

- Valid unencumbered **Michigan** NP license

- 3 years of patient care experience required (experience in primary care/adult/geriatric, and EMR skills preferred)

- A strong sense of empathy, compassion, and friendliness

- Exceptional communication skills, both written and oral, with the ability to assist others (patients and coworkers alike) with sincerity, respect, and compassion

**What You'll Get**

- Competitive Wages (Paid per patient assessment)

$110 per completed in home assessment (45-60min)

$65 per completed diagnostic visit (20-30min)

-Paid Training

- Paid mileage over 20 miles/day

-iPad and equipment provided

-Quick onboarding