<p data-pos="0">Founded in 2000, JetBrains is a global software vendor that provides some of the most effective and trusted developer tools. Our products help make many of the world's most dynamic companies and individuals more creative and productive, and over 11.4 million developers already use our products. At JetBrains, we are passionate about creating tools that help individuals and teams grow, discover, and create.</p>
<p data-pos="410">Our Security team is responsible for several domains, such as the security of JetBrains products, infrastructure security, and ensuring ongoing compliance with industry best practices, including the SOC 2 Type II framework. We are currently looking for a Security Compliance Specialist to help improve our processes.</p>
<h3 id="as-part-of-our-team-you-will" data-pos="732"><strong data-pos="734">As part of our team, you will:</strong>&nbsp;</h3>
<ul data-pos="769">
<li data-pos="769">Handle customer requests related to vendor due diligence processes.</li>
<li data-pos="769">Help our Legal team review contract sections related to security.</li>
<li data-pos="769">Participate in&nbsp;discussions with customers to address security-related topics.</li>
<li data-pos="769">Evaluate third parties (vendors, suppliers, etc.) to make sure they comply with JetBrains' security requirements.</li>
<li data-pos="769">Improve security checks of suppliers during the procurement process.</li>
<li data-pos="769">Collaborate with internal teams to address security compliance gaps and remediate issues.</li>
<li data-pos="769">Take part in projects related to security compliance certifications, including external audits and internal self-assessments.</li>
<li data-pos="769">Draft and maintain security compliance documentation.</li>
<li data-pos="769">Implement and monitor security compliance procedures, following the SOC 2 requirements and industry best practices.</li>
<li data-pos="769">Execute a robust information security risk management program, including by conducting risk assessments in accordance with SOC 2, the NIST RMF, and industry best practices.</li>
<li data-pos="769">Provide guidance to remediate identified risks and ensure ongoing compliance.</li>
</ul>
<h3 id="wed-love-for-you-to-join-our-team-if-you-have" data-pos="1748"><strong data-pos="1750">We’d love for you to join our team if you have:</strong>&nbsp;</h3>
<ul data-pos="1802">
<li data-pos="1802">Proven experience in security compliance.</li>
<li data-pos="1846">Knowledge of various security and privacy standards and regulations (SOC 2, ISO 27001, NIS 2, DORA, the NIST CSF, the NIST SSDF, etc.).</li>
<li data-pos="1984">A degree in computer science, information technology, or a relevant discipline.</li>
<li data-pos="2066">Fluent level of English with good writing and speaking skills.</li>
<li data-pos="2118">Analytical and problem-solving skills, as well as a results-oriented approach.</li>
</ul>
<h3 id="wed-be-particularly-thrilled-if-you-have" data-pos="2204"><strong data-pos="2206">We’d be particularly thrilled if you have:</strong>&nbsp;</h3>
<ul data-pos="2253">
<li data-pos="2253">Experience passing security compliance audits (SOC 2, ISO 27001).</li>
<li data-pos="2321">Skills and experience in web, network, and infrastructure security approaches.</li>
<li data-pos="2402">Experience in process automation.</li>
<li data-pos="2438">Experience with JetBrains products.</li>
<li data-pos="2476">Relevant security certifications (CRISC, CISA, CISSP, etc.).</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<h2><span style="font-size: 14pt;"><strong>Why join JetBrains?</strong></span></h2>
<ul>
<li>Strong base salary. We offer competitive pay that reflects your skills and experience.</li>
<li>Flexible work location. Enjoy the freedom to work from home or from the office.</li>
<li>Remote work. Spend up to 30 days per year working remotely from abroad.</li>
<li>Extra time off. More days to relax, recharge, and do the things you love.</li>
<li>Medical insurance allowance. Enjoy peace of mind for you and your family.</li>
<li>Learning and development opportunities. Access to conferences, courses, and language classes.</li>
<li>Language classes. Pick up the local language or sharpen your English skills.</li>
<li>Fuel your day. Enjoy a hot meal or receive a lunch allowance on workdays.</li>
<li>Mental health support. To help you feel your best, we provide easy access to professional mental health services.</li>
<li>Sports benefit. Enjoy an on-site gym or sports club stipend.</li>
<li>Internal events. Join company-wide celebrations and team gatherings.</li>
</ul>
<p>\*Some benefits may vary depending on location.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><span style="color: rgb(255, 255, 255);">#LI-DNI</span></p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>We are an equal opportunity employer</strong><br><br>We know great ideas can come from anyone, anywhere. That’s why we do our best to create an open and inclusive workplace – one that welcomes everyone regardless of their background, identity, religion, age, accessibility needs, or orientation.</p>
<p><em data-stringify-type="italic">We process the data provided in your job application in accordance with the <a href="https://www.jetbrains.com/legal/docs/privacy/privacy-recruitment/">Recruitment Privacy Policy.</a></em></p></div>