<div class="content-intro"><p class="sc-gEkIjz cjtSrT MuiTypography-root MuiTypography-body1 sc-hoLEA">Raisin is the world's leading platform for savings and investment products. Founded in 2012, the&nbsp;<strong>FinTech</strong> connects consumers with banks in the EU, the UK and the US. This gives consumers <strong>better interest rates</strong> and banks a <strong>diversified form of refinancing</strong>. Our vision is to offer savings and investments without barriers and thus open up the global 160 trillion euro market.</p>
<p class="sc-gEkIjz cjtSrT MuiTypography-root MuiTypography-body1 sc-hoLEA">Raisin currently employs more than 800 people from over 75 countries worldwide. Today, the platform holds over 80 billion euros in assets from&nbsp;<strong>more than one million investors</strong> which have accrued over 5 billion euros in returns.</p></div><p><span style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0);"><strong>Team:&nbsp;</strong></span></p>
<p><span style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0);">You will report directly to the Marketing Director Paid Channels. This role requires a highly autonomous and collaborative working style across a variety of teams - including PPC, Marketing Analytics, Affiliate, Product, SEO, and Content. You will design, implement, and evaluate tests in collaboration with these teams, often relying on their expertise and support to deliver results effectively.</span></p>
<p><br><strong>Your Responsibilities:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Optimize our PPC and affiliate landing page tests, but also appstore listings and ad copy, potentially additional funnel steps in collaboration with the product teams</li>
<li>Take on ownership for conversion optimization in the Marketing department together with the Paid Channel teams</li>
<ul>
<li>Generate and refine hypotheses collaboratively with stakeholders</li>
<li>Design AB and incrementality test setup, prepare documentation and moderate prioritization with stakeholders such as Channel teams, marketing analytics and product teams</li>
<li>Personally creating landing pages with the Contentstack CMS, AB test platform website editors and potentially landing page builders or doing so together with other teams</li>
<li>Statistically sound test implementation setup in AB tool, structured tagging of the traffic</li>
<li>Analyze and interpret results with AB testing platform, Looker BI and other available tools, then discussing and actively sharing results with stakeholders</li>
</ul>
<li>Further engrain analytical test-driven optimization as a core philosophy of our Marketing department</li>
<li>Ability and willingness to work with the necessary thoroughness in the regulated financial environment</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Your Profile</strong></p>
<p><strong>Key Qualifications and Skills:&nbsp;<br></strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Practical experience with CRO experiments, ideally end to end from initial idea to result interpretation and communication</li>
<li>Sound understanding good common webdesign practices</li>
<li>Basic CSS skills, ideally some Javascript</li>
<li>Understanding of the general underlying statistical concepts like statistical significance and sample size calculation</li>
<li>Web analytics tools (e.g. heatmapping tools, Google analytics etc.)</li>
<li>Good communication skills with internal stakeholders</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Additional Skills:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Experience with one or more AB testing platforms</li>
<li>General understanding and interest in financial products and services</li>
<li>Workflow organization with ticket software (e.g. Jira)</li>
<li>Understanding of PPC marketing&nbsp;</li>
<li>Understanding of the relevance of CLTV, customer cohorts and ROAS considerations for marketing optimization</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Join our mission, join our team – and grow with us!</strong></p>
<p>At Raisin, we care about each other and it is one of our top priorities to foster an open and caring environment in which everyone feels welcome and comfortable. Our culture is strongly driven by our ambitious team, which connects more than 75 different nationalities.</p>
<p>As part of our team, you will benefit from:</p>
<ul>
<li>Employee Development Budget of €2,000 and four full training days per year.</li>
<li>Flexible working hours, home office and 30 vacation days.</li>
<li>A company pension scheme (Betriebliche Altersvorsorge), which we support with 20%.</li>
<li>Enjoy more than 50+ different sports with Urban Sports Club: We subsidize your membership with more than €20 per month.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Do you miss being in the office? The Deutschland Ticket gets you there, which we subsidize with €25 per month.</li>
<li>Love cycling? With JobRad, lease the bike of your choice and enjoy tax savings, plus Raisin covers your monthly insurance costs.</li>
<li>Hungry all the time? Snacks, daily fresh fruit as well as drinks provided at the office.</li>
<li>You are moving from another country or city to join us? We may support your relocation.</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><p><a href="https://www.raisin.com/corporate/raisin-applicant-privacy-policy/"><em>Raisin Applicant Privacy Policy</em></a></p>
<p data-start="728" data-end="900">We value diversity and the unique experiences each individual brings. If you’re excited about this role but don’t meet every requirement, we still encourage you to apply.</p>
<p data-start="907" data-end="1013">We are an equal opportunity employer and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for everyone, regardless of race, colour, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, or gender identity.</p></div>