<p><strong>Location: Hamburg</strong></p>
<p><strong>Start date &amp; duration: July or September 2026 for 6 months</strong></p>
<p>Looking for an internship with commercial frontline responsibility and the opportunity to work on live client projects? Do you seek to have immediate personal impact? If so, our Client Service Internship program is the right choice for you.</p>
<p><strong>Consider the Client Service Internship program if:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>You thrive in a fast-paced, results-oriented environment.</li>
<li>You possess a client-first mindset.</li>
<li>You excel under pressure and enjoy working to tight deadlines.</li>
<li>You are gritty, resilient and ready to roll up your sleeves and make things happen.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>A day in the life of a Client Service Intern</strong></p>
<p>As an intern in the Client Service team, you’ll be the link between our clients and the expert knowledge they seek. Throughout your workday, you’ll work on multiple projects from investors, strategists and dealmakers at top-tier client organizations seeking expert insights to inform their decision-making. This is a communications-intense frontline role requiring you to multitask across parallel workstreams.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Your responsibilities will include:</p>
<ul>
<li><strong>Recruiting experts</strong>: you will spend a significant part of your day speaking on the phone with experts who are uniquely relevant matches for your clients’ projects, often under tight deadlines.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Understanding the<strong>&nbsp;project and market context</strong>&nbsp;and the legal and regulatory environment in which your clients and experts operate.&nbsp;</li>
<li><strong>Taking ownership</strong>&nbsp;of every aspect of your projects, from initiating and managing client-expert communications to meticulously scheduling calls to ensure seamless collaboration between them.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Ensuring success for our Client Service Interns means:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ol>
<li>Giving you an&nbsp;<strong>introduction to the</strong>&nbsp;<strong>business world&nbsp;</strong>without being pigeonholed into any one industry or profession.</li>
<li>Helping you&nbsp;<strong>develop transferable commercial and client management skills</strong>&nbsp;spanning professional communications, negotiation, persuasion, project and time management.</li>
<li>Providing you with a mentor,&nbsp;<strong>dedicated time with senior leadership</strong>, and the opportunity to deliver a business-related project to our co-founder and Region Head.&nbsp;</li>
<li><strong>Opportunity to receive a full-time employment offer</strong>&nbsp;to return post-graduation. Learn more about our commercial career paths&nbsp;<a href="https://www.alphasights.com/careers/">here.</a></li>
<li>A&nbsp;<strong>unique training curriculum and intense on-the-job coaching</strong>, helping you develop highly transferable commercial and managerial skills.</li>
<li>An&nbsp;<strong>inspiring, high-energy, merit-based environment</strong>&nbsp;with ambitious peers.</li>
</ol>
<p><strong>Requirements</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Currently pursuing a Bachelor's or Master's degree or doing a gap year</li>
<li>Available to undertake a six month internship starting in July or September 2026</li>
<li>Internship or working student experience along with extracurricular achievement throughout school and/or university is highly valued</li>
<li>Experience evidencing an interest in business</li>
<li>A self-starter mindset: enthusiasm, drive for success, strong initiative as well as excellent communication skills</li>
<li>Fluent written and verbal English and German skills at C1 level or above is required; experience living or working abroad is desired</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Compensation and benefits</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>30.000€ annual base salary (pro rated for six months) plus commission based on performance</li>
<li>28 vacation days per year</li>
<li>Pension plan from Signal Iduna Germany</li>
<li>Our fast-growing office, right across the Elbphilharmonie, has a special flair: with around 60 employees, we’re at the size where everyone knows each other and appreciates working together (Monday to Thursday in the office, Fridays home office)</li>
<li>Monthly team events, free breakfast and snacks, subsidy for local public transport and lunch, iPhone and MacBook Pro complete our modern, professional working atmosphere.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>