<div class="content-intro"><div data-lark-html-role="root"><span class="text-only" data-eleid="5"><span class="text-only">Join us as we scale our business by building on our tremendous success around the world. The massive database market is going to double over the next few years and </span><span class="text-only text-with-abbreviation text-with-abbreviation-bottomline">TiDB</span><span class="text-only"> is a global player positioned as a major disruptor with TiDB Database and </span><span class="text-only text-with-abbreviation text-with-abbreviation-bottomline">Database as a Service</span><span class="text-only"> offering. TiDB is the proven enterprise database foundation for the AI era. We help companies solve today’s database problems. Cost, scale, downtime, and complexity. With a distributed </span><span class="text-only text-with-abbreviation text-with-abbreviation-bottomline">SQL</span><span class="text-only"> architecture that is already battle-tested at enterprise scale. And now we help those same companies future-proof for innovating with AI, by giving them one unified foundation for transactional state, vector context, real-time analytics, and safe agent operations. In a world where AI agents need to work on fresh data, act safely, and scale economically, TiDB is not another database add-on. It is the highway system for agentic workloads. Large and high-growth organizations in markets as varied as financial services, logistics, gaming, e-commerce and software as a service have successfully deployed and expanded their TiDB footprint on mission-critical applications. Our strong open-source community roots (40,000+ stars on GitHub), innovative products and inclusive culture draw passionate and dedicated people to our company. Learn more about TiDB careers and join our team to be at the forefront of innovation and growth.</span></span></div></div><div>
<h3>Role Overview</h3>
<p>We are looking for a salesperson to start and drive the sales cross APAC who are sharp, creative, and hardworking with an unwavering desire to be the best. The ideal candidate has the experience scaling from one to many and been pioneer in the region in the past. You are customer focused, metrics driven, embraces a consultative sales philosophy, and are passionate about helping his/her team succeed. Our customers are often application owners, software engineering leaders, product managers, entrepreneurs, and line of business owners. You must love talking to all types of customers about scaling their businesses and helping them solve their scaling issues and drive innovation across many different types of use cases centered around how our customers scale their databases.</p>
<h3>Responsibilities</h3>
</div>
<div>
<ul>
<li>5+ years of experience in enterprise sales at an established open source technology company or company with mature cloud offerings (AWS/Azure/GCP, etc.)</li>
<li>Willing to get her/his hands dirty to build the sales operations and playbook from scratch</li>
<li>A deal closer with a track record of winning large deals</li>
<li>Experience and willingness to thrive in a startup environment</li>
<li>Preferably with an engineering background, either by academic training or work experience</li>
<li>A player coach with a mind for strategy and process, but who is not afraid to roll up their sleeves and help to solve challenging problems for customers directly.</li>
<li>Experience working as part of an overlay team within a go-to-market organization or something similar.</li>
<li>Someone who is always looking to streamline and simplify the way things are done.</li>
<li>Someone with a highly inclusive style who values and celebrates diversity within teams.</li>
<li>Bachelor’s degree in computer science strongly preferred;</li>
<li>Willingness to travel to customer sites.</li>
</ul>
<div>
<h3>Qualifications</h3>
</div>
<div>
<ul>
<li>Close “lighthouse” accounts by working with our solutions architect team</li>
<li>Establish distribution partnerships to accelerate product adoption in the APAC market</li>
<li>Fostering a strong culture of collaboration and customer empathy in your team.</li>
<li>Build the foundation of the sales team to scale product commercialization</li>
<li>Collaborating with other customer facing teams to ensure that your group is meeting the needs of customers, proactively addressing issues as they arise, and managing customer escalations when things sometimes go wrong.</li>
<li>Opportunity to build and shape a powerful, industry-changing database product from the get-go</li>
<li>Working with a globally team of passionate (and compassionate) developers, hackers, and open-source fanatics</li>
<li>Competitive salary</li>
<li>Meaningful equity in a fast-growing enterprise startup</li>
<li>Paid Time off</li>
<li>Reimbursement of Annual Premium for Personal Medical Insurance policies</li>
<li>Awesome, supportive coworkers with a good sense of humor</li>
</ul>
</div>
</div><div class="content-conclusion"><p><em>We encourage people from underrepresented groups to apply. Come advance with us! In keeping with our values, no employee or applicant will face discrimination/harassment based on: race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, age, gender, marital domestic partner status, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability status, or veteran status. TiDB also strives to prevent other, subtler forms of inappropriate behavior (e.g., stereotyping) from ever gaining a foothold in our organization. Whether blatant or hidden, barriers to success have no place at TiDB.</em></p></div>