<p>At Asana we’re looking for students aspiring to be efficient, productive, and impactful software developers to join our Summer 2026 Engineering Internship Program. Jump-start your career in a supportive environment that enables you to take on challenging work that directly impacts the business.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Our 12-week program is designed to expose you to all parts of software development in a growing tech company and prepare you for a full-time engineering career. Our 1:1 mentorship philosophy paired with our small team structure ensures you are being taught the best engineering practices and foundational principles that will help grow your career and allow you to excel quickly and have endless opportunities for impact!&nbsp;</p>
<p>As a member of our Engineering Program, you’ll join one of our many functional engineering teams as an individual contributor to develop new and well-written code, participate in and contribute to stand-ups, collaborate with team members on program and day-to-day work, and increase efficiency amongst your team. Whether it’s working on one of our product teams and<a href="https://blog.asana.com/2018/10/move-fast-without-technical-debt-product-tours-react/"> architecting product tours with React</a>,&nbsp; building out our foundational systems with our<a href="https://blog.asana.com/2021/02/kubernetes-at-asana/"> infrastructure</a> teams, or redesigning our mobile apps with our<a href="https://blog.asana.com/2020/04/mobile-engineering-team/"> mobile team</a>, you will become an integral part of our growing organization.&nbsp;</p>
<p>This role is based in our Warsaw office with an<a href="https://theworkback.com/reuniting-teams/"> office-centric hybrid</a> schedule. The standard in-office days are Monday, Tuesday, and Thursday. Most Asanas have the option to work from home on Wednesdays. Working from home on Fridays depends on the type of work you do, and your recruiter can share more about the in-office requirements.</p>
<p><strong>Our employees in Poland are employed under a contract of employment.</strong></p>
<p>Learn more about our Engineering team:&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li><a href="https://blog.asana.com/2019/05/engineering-guide-to-intern-mentorship/">The Asana Engineering Guide to Intern Mentorship</a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="https://blog.asana.com/2020/11/2020-summer-interns-engineering/">What our 2020 Interns Built!&nbsp;</a></li>
<li><a href="https://asana.com/diversity-and-inclusion">How we build Inclusivity in the Workplace</a></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>What you'll achieve</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Learn what it’s like to work as a full-time software developer in a fast growing tech company.</li>
<li>Make a real impact by contributing to a variety of projects, like<a href="https://blog.asana.com/2021/01/asana-engineering-ships-web-application-releases/"> building</a> new features, testing infrastructure, implementing subtle interaction behaviors, or designing data models.</li>
<li>Experience growth and development by being<a href="https://blog.gitprime.com/mentor-manager-approach-employee-motivation/"> paired with a mentor</a> who will support and guide you through opportunities to stretch and learn.</li>
<li>Help us maintain a codebase and an award-winning culture, contributing to everything from the broadest strategic discussions to the specifics of updating a small app feature.</li>
<li>Develop clean, beautiful code and leave it better than you found it.</li>
<li>Feel supported by a growth-oriented team cheering you on as you take on new challenges</li>
<li>Participate in Asana’s culture of transparency and distributed responsibility by providing peer feedback to members of your team.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>About you</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Your anticipated graduation date is between December 2026 and July 2027</li>
<li>A constant desire to learn and improve</li>
<li>A foundational understanding of software development or computer science skills - we want to teach you more!&nbsp;</li>
<li>Passion for creating a user friendly experience, down to those little details that matter</li>
<li>Appreciate productivity and care deeply about helping teams collaborate more effectively and efficiently, including your own</li>
<li>Excited to be a part of an inclusive<a href="https://blog.asana.com/2019/11/culture-fuels-business-results/"> culture</a> where we encourage everyone to bring their whole selves to work</li>
<li>Demonstrates curiosity about AI tools and emerging technologies, with a willingness to learn and leverage them to enhance productivity, collaboration, or decision-making.</li>
</ul>
<p>At Asana, we're committed to building teams that include a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, and skills, as this is critical to helping us achieve our mission. If you're interested in this role and don't meet every listed requirement, we still encourage you to apply.</p>
<p><strong>What we’ll offer</strong></p>
<ul>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">Career coaching &amp; support</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">In-office culinary options to cater to your dietary preferences</li>
</ul>
<p>For this role, the estimated base salary range is between 110 PLN gross per hour (subject to all taxes and necessary deductions). The actual base salary will vary based on various factors, including market and individual qualifications objectively assessed during the interview process. The listed range above is a guideline, and the base salary range for this role may be modified.</p>
<p>#LI-Hybrid #internship</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>About us</strong></p>
<p data-pm-slice="1 1 []">Asana is a leading platform for human + AI collaboration. Millions of teams around the world rely on Asana to achieve their most important goals, faster. Asana has been named to Fortune's Best Workplaces for 7+ years and recognized by Fast Company, Forbes, and Gartner for excellence in workplace culture and innovation. We offer an exceptional office-centric culture while adopting the best elements of hybrid models to ensure that every one of our global team members can work together effortlessly. With 13+ offices all over the world, we are always looking for individuals who care about building technology that drives positive change in the world and a culture where everyone feels that they belong.</p>
<p data-pm-slice="1 1 []"><strong><a class="LinkThemeablePresentation LinkPrimaryPresentation LinkPrimaryPresentation--sentimentSelected PrimaryLink HighlightSol HighlightSol--core HighlightSol--buildingBlock" href="https://www.gem.com/form?formID=fbcdec8c-3442-43b9-9b45-d2b5f4ea25db" target="\_blank">Join Asana’s Talent Network</a></strong>&nbsp;to stay up to date on job opportunities and life at Asana.</p></div>