<div class="content-intro"><p>Celonis is the global leader in Process Intelligence and the pioneer of Process Mining technology. As one of the world’s fastest-growing enterprise SaaS companies, we are changemakers pushing the boundaries of what’s possible. We invest heavily in advanced AI capabilities—specifically our Process Intelligence Graph—to turn data insights into immediate business action. We believe there is a massive opportunity to unlock global productivity and sustainability by placing intelligence at the core of every business process. Join our mission to make processes work for people, companies, and the planet.</p></div><p><strong>The Role:</strong></p>
<p>The Client Value Partner (CVP) role is a key addition to our broader Value Engineering team and will play a crucial role in Celonis’ growth strategy. As a CVP, you will spearhead our mission of data-driven business transformation with our most strategic customers within the <strong>Manufacturing/Automotive</strong> industry. You will lead extensive teams of Celonis experts to ensure the success and satisfaction of some of our top customer base on their journey to realizing value with Celonis.</p>
<p>The CVP is the accountable lead for customer success, acting as the trusted advisor for a strategic customer. This involves engaging with C-Level Executives to collaboratively define the long-term vision for utilizing Celonis to transform their business while mobilizing the necessary Celonis resources. In collaboration with our cross-functional Celonis teams, you will drive measurable business impact across various processes and industries and accelerate the adoption of our platform.&nbsp; The CVP will also champion transformational initiatives across Celonis and customer accounts, fostering innovation and strategic change to maximize value and drive business transformation.</p>
<p>We seek experienced professionals with a proven track record in managing executive relationships, driving profitable growth, and blending industry expertise with strong analytical and consulting skills. Join us at the forefront of one of the fastest-growing tech companies worldwide and help guide our customers to become the next Lighthouse Celonis customers.</p>
<p><strong>The work you’ll do:</strong></p>
<p>Accountable Program Lead &amp; Engagement Manager</p>
<ul>
<li>Develop and maintain strong relationships with key stakeholders, including C-level internal / external executives, embedding Celonis into their strategic objectives.</li>
<li>Ensure engagements are properly staffed leveraging resources from global cross-functional Celonis teams, such as Servicing, Product &amp; Engineering</li>
<li>Mentor customer on organization design and maturation of Centers of Excellence to focus on increasing adoption of our platform.</li>
<li>Mentor and coach team members, providing guidance and support for their success, and offer feedback to managers on team performance.</li>
</ul>
<p>Driving Customer Value</p>
<ul>
<li>Responsible for the end-to-end customer value journey</li>
<li>Influence key customer stakeholders through executive communication, product knowledge, and industry/domain expertise.</li>
<li>Work with senior stakeholders to establish the Celonis program roadmap and detailed value plans.</li>
<li>Resolve customer escalations orchestrating internal teams efficiently and effectively in a timely manner</li>
<li>Internalize the customer's strategy and targets and drive Celonis delivery alignment to that strategy, ensuring that we support the customer in solving business-critical problems</li>
<li>Drive value realization and adoption within accounts, ensuring high-quality, on-time project completion, client satisfaction, and meeting usage and adoption targets.</li>
</ul>
<p>Community Builder and Customer Advocacy&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>Organize and lead customer advisory boards to address industry-specific challenges and innovations, establishing a structured feedback loop to continuously gather insights and improve products and services.</li>
<li>Act as the voice of the customer within the company, ensuring alignment of product development and service offerings with industry needs and customer feedback, while collaborating with the customer advocacy team on advocacy strategies.</li>
<li>Drive customer presence and sponsorship at key Celonis and industry events, serving as a Celonis leader at conferences, webinars, and through published thought leadership.</li>
<li>Collaborate on innovation or new asset development in specific domains, and contribute to playbooks, resources, and tools for the value engineering team to enhance their effectiveness.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>The Qualifications you need:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Minimum 10 years of relevant customer success, strategy consulting, or related experience within the Manufacturing/Automotive required</li>
<li>Strong experience in driving large scale transformation programs, process re-engineering engagements, and implementations</li>
<li>Experience with AI-based transformation is a strong plus</li>
<li>Deep exposure to and experience with successful change management practices</li>
<li>Ability to navigate large global organizations and have the power of persuasion through data, facts and confidence</li>
<li>Knows how to successfully work with internal resources to design, pitch and sell opportunities with relevant subject matter experts and practice leads</li>
<li>Possess a natural and consultative approach when engaging with senior executives</li>
<li>Strong team player who inspires the team with a patient and entrepreneurial leadership style</li>
<li>Project management: ability to organize and manage multiple streams</li>
<li>Strong communication skills and ability to translate Celonis use cases into customer business landscape&nbsp;</li>
<li>Are self-motivated, proactive team player</li>
<li>Are able to thrive in fast-paced, collaborative, and ambiguous environments with various stakeholders</li>
</ul>
<p>Total compensation package will include base salary + bonus/commission + equity + benefits. Please note that the base salary range is a guideline, and that the actual total compensation offer will be determined based on various factors, including, but not limited to, applicant's qualifications, skills, experiences, and location.</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>What Celonis can offer you:</strong></p>
<ul class="p-rich\_text\_list p-rich\_text\_list\_\_bullet p-rich\_text\_list--nested" data-stringify-type="unordered-list" data-list-tree="true" data-indent="0" data-border="0">
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Pioneer Innovation:</span> Work with the global leader in Process Mining and the Process Intelligence Graph to shape the future of AI-driven business operations.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Ownership from Day 1:</span> Every full-time "Celonaut" is an owner, receiving Restricted Stock Units (RSUs) and merit-based refresh grants.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Unrivaled Family Support:</span> Benefit from our inclusive parental leave policy—24 weeks of fully paid leave for primary carers and 12 weeks for supporting carers, available from your first day of employment.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Work-Life Integration:</span> Enjoy Unlimited PTO (in applicable regions) and generous PTO globally, as well as a flexible hybrid work model that balances remote focus with vibrant office collaboration.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Continuous Growth:</span> Elevate your skills through our 70-20-10 learning framework, mentorship programs, and access to a dedicated learning platform.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Holistic Well-being:</span> Prioritize your health with subsidized Wellhub memberships, mental health counseling, and dedicated "Wellness Weeks" that prioritize work/life balance.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Drive Sustainability:</span> Participate in annual Impact Days, where you receive paid time off to volunteer for community and environmental causes with your local office, or virtually.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Global Inclusion &amp; Belonging:</span> Find community through our Inclusion Think Tank and participate in our annual Inclusion Days, ensuring every voice is heard and valued.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Value-Driven Impact:</span> Join a mission-led organization where our core values—Live for Customer Value, The Best Team Wins, We Own It, and Earth Is Our Future—drive every decision.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>About Us:</strong></p>
<p>Celonis makes processes work — for people, companies, and the planet. Powered by process mining and AI, the Celonis Process Intelligence Platform integrates process data and business context to create a living digital twin of business operations. We enable thousands of companies worldwide to understand how their business actually runs and, together with their partners, build intelligent solutions that transform and continuously improve the way they operate — unlocking billions in value. Celonis is headquartered in Munich, Germany, and New York City, USA, with more than 20 offices worldwide.</p>
<p><br>Get familiar with the Celonis Process Intelligence Platform by watching this <a href="https://academy.celonis.com/learn/video/discover-the-ems">video</a>.</p>
<p><strong>Celonis Inclusion Statement:</strong></p>
<p>At Celonis, we believe our people make us who we are and that “The Best Team Wins”. We know that the best teams are made up of people who bring different perspectives to the table. And when everyone feels included, able to speak up and knows their voice is heard - that's when creativity and innovation happen.<strong><br></strong></p>
<p><strong>Your Privacy:</strong></p>
<p>Any information you submit to Celonis as part of your application will be processed in accordance with Celonis’ <a href="https://www.celonis.com/careers/candidate-notices">Accessibility and Candidate Notices</a></p>
<p>By submitting this application, you confirm that you agree to the storing and processing of your personal data by Celonis as described in our <a href="https://www.celonis.com/careers/privacy-notice/">Privacy Notice for the Application and Hiring Process</a>.</p>
<p>Please be aware of common job offer scams, impersonators and frauds. Learn more <a href="https://www.celonis.com/careers/fraud-alert/">here</a>.</p></div>