<p><strong>Note:</strong> If you are an intern, new grad, or staff applicant, please do not apply using this link and visit our jobs page for those specific postings.</p>
<h2>Who we are</h2>
<h3>About Stripe</h3>
<p>Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies - from the world’s largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups - use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyone's reach while doing the most important work of your career.</p>
<h3>About the Organization</h3>
<p>Exact team matching for one of the subteams within the following orgs will begin during final stages. If you have a strong preference for a specific org, please flag this to your recruiter during your recruiter screen.</p>
<h4>Money as a Service (MaaS)</h4>
<p>Money as a Service is a new org within Stripe which is all about making money programmable: funding, FX’ing, sending, spending. The Money as a Service (MaaS) teams build the APIs and product experience that allow Stripe users to perform these money management capabilities on Stripe globally.</p>
<p>You can see some of the recent products we’ve launched:</p>
<ul>
<li><a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d2B-58Hf9GU">Multicurrency balances</a></li>
<li><a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZSLx-lJGXeE">Global Payouts</a></li>
</ul>
<h4>Payments and Risk</h4>
<p>The Payments organization focuses on developing products and platforms that enable users to accept payments from customers efficiently. This includes building APIs for processing payments, enabling regional, non-card payment options, and extending Stripe's capabilities to make it easy for businesses to accept in-person payments. Optimized Checkout and Link teams work to create best-in-class checkout experiences that enhance customer satisfaction and drive merchant conversion rates. The Risk Engineering team develops products that minimize financial and regulatory risks while ensuring a seamless user experience, thereby safeguarding Stripe’s brand and financial stability.</p>
<h2>What you’ll do</h2>
<p>We’re looking for backend, frontend leaning fullstack, and fullstack engineers who are interested in building software services and platforms that impact thousands of employees and millions of Stripe users, regardless of whether they’re an end user, developer, or partner.</p>
<h3>Responsibilities</h3>
<ul>
<li>Scope, design, build, and maintain APIs, user experiences, services, and large-scale systems that reliably and efficiently handle billions of money movement requests.</li>
<li>Debug and solve critical production issues across services and multiple levels of the stack.</li>
<li>Mentor engineers to help them grow.</li>
<li>Meet directly with our users to help shape product changes.</li>
<li>Collaborate with stakeholders across the company to build new features at large-scale, while improving internal engineering standards, tooling, and processes.</li>
<li>Collaborate effectively in a distributed and hybrid team, maintaining open communication and strong connections with colleagues.</li>
</ul>
<h2>Who you are</h2>
<p>We're looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.</p>
<h3>Minimum requirements</h3>
<ul>
<li>2-12+ years of industry software engineering experience (does not include internships nor include co-ops).</li>
<li>Strong coding skills in any programming language (we understand new languages can be learned on the job so our interview process is language agnostic).</li>
<li>Strong collaboration skills, can work across workstreams within your team and contribute to your peers’ success.</li>
<li>Have the ability to thrive on a high level of autonomy, responsibility, and think of yourself as entrepreneurial.</li>
<li>Interest in working as a generalist across varying technologies and stacks to solve problems and delight both internal and external users.</li>
</ul>
<h3>Preferred Qualifications</h3>
<ul>
<li>Experience building user interfaces.</li>
<li>Experience with user research or interaction design.</li>
<li>Experience designing and building APIs.</li>
</ul>