<h2><strong>About the opportunity</strong></h2>
<p><strong>Join Contentful as a Senior AI Software Engineer (f/m/d) and innovate with AI Integrations</strong></p>
<p>At Contentful, we empower thousands of customers to manage content at scale with speed, flexibility, and precision. We are seeking talented Senior AI Software Engineers (f/m/d) to join our AI Platform team—a group dedicated to building and maintaining an internal AI platform that accelerates innovation across our organization.</p>
<p>As a key contributor, you will help shape the internal AI ecosystem by developing scalable, high-performance AI integrations, APIs, tools and documentation that empower feature teams to efficiently test, deliver and maintain cutting-edge AI-driven products. Acting as both a support and consultancy resource, you’ll collaborate closely with feature teams to enhance their development capabilities and bring AI-powered solutions to life. By building intuitive internal tooling and fostering seamless integration of AI technologies, your work will drive efficiency and innovation throughout Contentful.</p>
<p>If you are passionate about advancing AI technology, enabling teams with powerful tools, and redefining how we build and deliver AI solutions, we’d love to have you join us. Together, we’ll build systems that set new standards for AI integration and empower our teams to create smarter, more impactful content solutions.</p>
<h2><strong>What to expect?&nbsp;</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li><strong>Collaborate and Innovate:</strong> Work closely with product managers, designers, and other engineers to build best-in-class AI-enabled features for our customers, ensuring seamless integration of AI technologies with existing systems.</li>
<li><strong>Platform Development:</strong> Design, develop, and maintain scalable AI platform features using <em>TypeScript and Node.js</em>, to enable feature teams, while ensuring they are compatible with other services, and APIs.</li>
<li><strong>AI Integration:</strong> Implement and integrate AI technologies, such as generative AI, machine learning models, or NLP, to enhance our platform’s capabilities, optimize processes, and improve user experiences.</li>
<li><strong>Holistic Thinking:</strong> Think critically about the interactions between AI models and product components to ensure a cohesive and intuitive user experience.</li>
<li><strong>Rapid Problem-Solving:</strong> Quickly fix bugs and solve problems, particularly related to AI performance, model integration, or data pipeline issues, to enhance customer satisfaction.</li>
<li><strong>Continuous Improvement:</strong> Participate in code reviews and contribute to improving our AI development processes, ensuring that the AI components are scalable, efficient, and maintainable.</li>
<li><strong>Stay Current: </strong>Keep up-to-date with the latest industry trends, particularly in the domains of AI and machine learning, ensuring the platform stays competitive by leveraging cutting-edge AI technologies.</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>What you need to be successful?</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li><strong>API and Service Design</strong>: Proven experience in building APIs and services that efficiently handle large volumes of traffic. Deep interest in clean code practices and familiarity with enterprise architectural design patterns</li>
<li><strong>Serverless Architectures</strong>: Experience with serverless architectures, ideally edge compute environments such as Cloudflare Workers.</li>
<li><strong>Asynchronous Systems</strong>: Experience with building and maintaining asynchronous systems for automation and bulk use cases.</li>
<li><strong>Containerization and Orchestration:</strong> Experience with Docker and Kubernetes, especially in deploying AI models or microservices.</li>
<li><strong>Enterprise Solutions:</strong> Knowledge with implementing enterprise ready governance features such as RBAC, audit logging, and compliance frameworks.&nbsp;</li>
<li><strong>Cloud Services Familiarity:</strong> Knowledge of cloud platforms like AWS, Azure, or GCP. Experience with services such as AWS SageMaker, Google AI, or Azure Machine Learning is a plus.</li>
<li><strong>Problem-Solving Skills:</strong> A natural problem-solver who brings forward innovative ideas to integrate and features within product workflows, leading to practical solutions and product growth.</li>
<li><strong>Collaborative Mindset:</strong> Excellent communication skills and the ability to collaborate effectively in a team environment.</li>
<li><strong>Adaptability:</strong> Ability to organize and prioritize competing workloads in a fast-paced, AI-driven environment, ensuring AI and software systems align with business objectives.</li>
</ul>
<p>Preferred:</p>
<ul>
<li><strong>AI and Machine Learning Expertise:</strong> Skills in integrating and implementing AI/ML solutions within a product development environment. Skills in foundational models, prompt engineering and understanding to validate the quality of AI products.</li>
<li><strong>Platform Experience</strong>: Experience in developing platform features to enable internal teams</li>
<li><strong>Full Stack Experience: Strong skills in TypeScript, React, and Node.js.</strong></li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>What’s in it for you?</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Join an ambitious tech company reshaping the way people build digital experiences</li>
<li>Full-time employees receive Stock Options for the opportunity to share in the success of our company</li>
<li>Fertility and family building benefits, including a lifetime reimbursable wallet to support your growing family</li>
<li>We value<strong> Work-Life balance </strong>and<strong> You Time</strong>!<strong> </strong>A generous amount of paid time off, including vacation days, sick days,&nbsp; education days, compassion days for loss, and volunteer days</li>
<li>Time off to care for and focus on your growing family&nbsp;</li>
<li>Use your personal annual education budget to improve your skills and grow in your career</li>
<li>Enjoy a full range of virtual and in-person events, including workshops, guest speakers, and fun team activities, supporting learning and networking exchange beyond the usual work duties&nbsp;</li>
<li>An annual wellbeing stipend to care for your physical, financial, or emotional health</li>
<li>A monthly communication phone/internet stipend and phone hardware upgrade reimbursement</li>
<li>New hire office equipment stipend for hybrid or distributed employees. Get the gear you need to work at your best</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><h2><strong>Who are we?</strong></h2>
<p>Contentful is a leading <strong>digital experience platform</strong> that helps modern businesses meet the growing demand for engaging, personalized content at scale. By blending composability with native <strong>AI</strong> capabilities, Contentful enables dynamic personalization, automated content delivery, and real-time experimentation, powering next-generation digital experiences across brands, regions, and channels for more than 4,200 organizations worldwide. More than <strong>700 people</strong> from more than <strong>70 nations</strong> contribute their energy and creativity to Contentful, working from hubs in Berlin, Denver, San Francisco, London, New York, and distributed worldwide.</p>
<h2><strong>Everyone is welcome here!</strong></h2>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;"><strong>“Everyone is welcome here”</strong> is a celebrated component of our culture. At Contentful, we strive to create an inclusive environment that empowers our employees. We believe that our products and services benefit from our diverse backgrounds and experiences, and we are proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applications will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, age, physical [dis]ability, or length of time spent unemployed. We invite you to apply and join us!</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">If you need reasonable accommodations at any point during the application or interview process, please let your recruiting coordinator know.</span></p>
<p class="p1"><span style="color: #3e3e3e;"><em>Please be aware of scammers who may fraudulently allege to be from Contentful. These types of fraud can be carried out through copycat websites, fake email addresses claiming to be from our company, or social media. We do not ask for your personal information, such as bank account numbers, identification numbers, etc, through social media or chat-based apps, nor do we request or send money for the purchase of business equipment. If you suspect fraud, please report it to your local authorities, as well as reach out to us at <a href="mailto:security-esk@contentful.com" target="\_blank">security-esk@contentful.com</a> </em></span><span style="color: #3e3e3e;"><em>with any information you may have.</em></span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">By clicking “Apply for this job,” I acknowledge that I have read the “</span><a href="https://www.contentful.com/legal/us/privacy-notice-to-candidates/privacy/" target="\_blank"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Contentful’s Candidate Privacy Notice</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">” and hereby consent to the collection, processing, use, and storage of my personal information as described therein.</span></p></div>