<div class="content-intro"><h3>ABOUT TIDE</h3>
<p>At Tide we help SMEs save time (and money) in the running of their businesses by not only offering business accounts and related banking services, but also a comprehensive set of highly usable and connected administrative solutions from invoicing to accounting.</p>
<p>Tide is transforming the small business banking market with over 1.8 million members globally across the UK, India, Germany and France.</p>
<p>Using advanced technology, all solutions are designed with SMEs in mind. With quick onboarding, low fees and innovative features, we thrive on making data-driven decisions to serve our mission: to help SMEs save both time (and money) so they can get back to doing what they love.</p>
<p><strong>Tide facts:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Tide is available for UK, Indian, German and French SMEs</li>
<li>Over 1.8 million members: 800,000 UK and 1,000,000 in India and growing rapidly</li>
<li>Over $300 million raised in funding</li>
<li>Over 2,500 Tideans globally - we’re diversity champions!</li>
<li>We have offices in Central London, with a member support and technology centre in Sofia, Bulgaria, technology centres in Serbia, Romania, Lithuania and Hyderabad and offices in Gurugram and New Delhi, and in Berlin, Paris and Luxembourg.</li>
</ul></div><p><strong>What we’re looking for :&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>As a Fraud Analyst you’ll be working in the Ongoing Monitoring team at Tide. You will need to be organised and be able to remain calm under pressure to carry out this role efficiently. You will be responsible for investigating frauds and scam activities. Also, you will analyse transactions, gather evidence, and work closely with internal teams and external partners to detect and prevent fraudulent activities, protect customer assets, and ensure regulatory compliance. You will use your communications skills to communicate with Tide members and resolve their queries in a timely manner. Your exceptional communication skills enable customers to articulate their concerns effectively. You will use your interpersonal skills with many of Tide’s internal and external stakeholders and take initiative in a very busy, and always changing work environment. You are flexible and able to work different shifts within a 24 hour, 7 days-a-week operational environment.</p>
<p><strong>Some of the things you’ll be doing:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Conduct thorough investigations into cases, including Authorised Push Payment (APP) scams, account takeover, identity theft, credit card fraud, and other types of fraud.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Responding to queries from our finance partner and third party financial institutions.</li>
<li>Ensure compliance with relevant banking regulations, laws, and industry standards related to fraud prevention, reporting, and customer protection. Stay updated on regulatory changes and communicate any necessary updates to the appropriate teams.</li>
<li>Using the full set of tools to build a timeline of a customer's fraud claim</li>
<li>Making fair decisions based on your high quality investigation and in line with external regulations and internal policies, to deliver fair outcomes for our customers.</li>
<li>Responding to queries from other teams.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>You’ll be a great fit if:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>You are having minimum 1+ year of Fraud/ Investigation experience, coming from a Fintech industry is a plus</li>
<li>You are keen to get into a Fraud Investigation role within a Fintech but may have no prior experience (Fraud investigations experience is a plus)</li>
<li>You are able to show a keen interest in Transaction Monitoring, Financial Crime or Fraud</li>
<li>You are able to remain calm under pressure.</li>
<li>You are comfortable with working in 24/7 rotational shifts (We consider employee preferences while setting up schedules, however cannot guarantee the same)</li>
<li>You are comfortable with communicating with the members over phone calls, chat and emails.</li>
<li>You have excellent communication and interpersonal skills to collaborate effectively with internal teams and external stakeholders.</li>
<li>You are detail-oriented with strong organisational and time management skills to manage multiple investigations simultaneously.</li>
<li>You have the ability to adapt to changing priorities, work independently, and make sound decisions in a fast-paced banking environment.</li>
<li>You are a problem solver and willing to share your solutions.</li>
<li>You have prior customer service experience</li>
<li>You are comfortable relocating to Hyderabad when needed</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<h3>WHAT YOU WILL GET IN RETURN&nbsp;</h3>
<ul>
<li>Competitive salary</li>
<li>Self &amp; Family Health Insurance</li>
<li>Term &amp; Life Insurance</li>
<li>OPD Benefits</li>
<li>Mental wellbeing through Plumm</li>
<li>Learning &amp; Development Budget</li>
<li>WFH Setup allowance</li>
<li>15 days of Privilege leaves</li>
<li>12 days of Casual leaves</li>
<li>12 days of Sick leaves</li>
<li>3 paid days off for volunteering or L&amp;D activities</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p><div class="content-conclusion"><h3>TIDE IS A PLACE FOR EVERYONE</h3>
<p>At Tide, we believe that we can only succeed if we let our differences enrich our culture. Our Tideans come from a variety of backgrounds and experience levels. We consider everyone irrespective of their ethnicity, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, family or parental status, national origin, veteran, neurodiversity or differently-abled status. We celebrate diversity in our workforce as a cornerstone of our success. Our commitment to a broad spectrum of ideas and backgrounds is what enables us to build products that resonate with our members’ diverse needs and lives.&nbsp;</p>
<p>We are One Team and foster a transparent and inclusive environment, where everyone’s voice is heard.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><em>At Tide, we thrive on diversity, embracing various backgrounds and experiences. We welcome all individuals regardless of ethnicity, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, or disability. Our inclusive culture is key to our success, helping us build products that meet our members' diverse needs. We are One Team, committed to transparency and ensuring everyone’s voice is heard.</em></p>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section">&nbsp;</div>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section"><strong>Disclaimer</strong></div>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section">&nbsp;</div>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section"><em>It has come to our attention that individuals or agencies are falsely claiming to represent Tide and are reaching out to candidates regarding job opportunities. Please be aware that:</em></div>
<ul class="p-rich\_text\_list p-rich\_text\_list\_\_bullet p-rich\_text\_list--nested" data-stringify-type="unordered-list" data-list-tree="true" data-indent="0" data-border="0">
<li style="font-style: italic;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><em>Tide does&nbsp;<strong data-stringify-type="bold">not</strong>&nbsp;charge any fees at any stage of the recruitment process.</em></li>
<li style="font-style: italic;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><em>All official Tide job opportunities are listed exclusively on our&nbsp;<a href="https://www.tide.co/careers/" target="\_blank"><strong data-stringify-type="bold">Careers Page</strong></a>&nbsp;and applications should be submitted through this channel.</em></li>
<li style="font-style: italic;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><em>Communication from Tide will only come from an official&nbsp;<strong data-stringify-type="bold">@tide</strong><strong data-stringify-type="bold">.co</strong>&nbsp;email address.</em></li>
<li style="font-style: italic;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><em>Tide does not work with agencies or recruiters without prior formal engagement, and we do not authorize third parties to make job offers on our behalf.</em></li>
</ul>
<p><em>If you are contacted by anyone misrepresenting Tide or requesting payment, please treat it as fraudulent and report it to us immediately at <a href="mailto:talent@tide.co" target="\_blank">talent@tide.co</a><br>Your safety and trust are important to us, and we are committed to ensuring a fair and transparent recruitment process.</em></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><em><em data-stringify-type="italic">Tide leverages AI to enhance our hiring experience. You can read more about how we use AI in our recruitment process in our <a href="https://assets.ctfassets.net/3h69mkdgxn20/5MFtWSdG8YLKq3jZkK52NY/3f18633073e6cdbd03bba4b9791c64f4/Using\_AI\_throughout\_the\_Hiring\_Process.pdf" target="\_blank">AI Policy</a>.</em></em></p>
<p><em><em data-stringify-type="italic">Your personal data will be processed by Tide for recruitment purposes and in accordance with </em><em data-stringify-type="italic"><a class="c-link" href="https://assets.ctfassets.net/3h69mkdgxn20/4TE0uAE3SXomATDVneocNA/aa31893960b4064dd406ad15d029dcd3/Recruitment\_Privacy\_Notice.pdf" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://assets.ctfassets.net/3h69mkdgxn20/1MYf6q4ZMWugpeaROVETBN/526e9c160a2de03576413c81657c6466/Recruitment\_Privacy\_Notice\_\_Final\_Draft\_\_Sep\_2024\_.pdf" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">Tide's Recruitment Privacy Notice</a></em><em data-stringify-type="italic">.</em></em></p></div>