<div class="content-intro"><p><strong>About Mirakl:</strong></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>Founded in 2012, Mirakl has been at the forefront of marketplace innovation, empowering every business to compete in the platform economy.<br><br>Today, Mirakl’s operating system combines an enterprise marketplace solution (Mirakl Platform) that enables retailers and B2B organizations to launch, scale, and operate marketplaces and dropship, AI-powered multichannel selling (Mirakl Connect), retail media (Mirakl Ads) and an agentic commerce infrastructure (Mirakl Nexus).<br><br>With dual headquarters in Boston and Paris, Mirakl helps a global ecosystem of 450+ marketplaces (B2C and B2B) and a network of over 100k third-party marketplace sellers. Brands like Macy’s, Decathlon, Carrefour, Asos, and Airbus Helicopters use Mirakl to grow their businesses in new and remarkable ways.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>For more information, visit&nbsp;<a href="http://www.mirakl.com">www.mirakl.com</a>.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Mirakl in Numbers:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>🗓️ Founded in 2012 | Member of French Tech Next40</li>
<li>👥 750+ employees in 9 offices worldwide: Paris, Barcelona, Bordeaux, Boston, London, Munich, New York, Sydney, Tokyo</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Our Values:</strong></p>
<p>Working at Mirakl means accelerating your career alongside ambitious, passionate, and supportive colleagues. We're proud of the diversity of backgrounds, perspectives, and experiences that make our teams unique.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>Our 5 values guide how we collaborate:</p>
<ul>
<li>💡<strong> Work Hard Together:</strong> Teamwork and collaboration are the foundation of our success</li>
<li>🏆 <strong>Get Things Done: </strong>&nbsp;We prioritize action and efficiency for impactful results</li>
<li>🚀 <strong>Go Above &amp; Beyond:</strong>&nbsp; We tackle challenges proactively and always aim for excellence</li>
<li>🎓 <strong>Succeed Through Expertise:</strong> Knowledge sharing and continuous learning are core to our culture</li>
<li>🤝 <strong>Satisfy &amp; Empower Clients:</strong> We're committed to our clients' success</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p></div><p>Mirakl launched <strong>Mirakl Ads in 2022</strong>, an innovative <strong>retail media solution</strong> that empowers businesses to monetize their eCommerce web traffic across both marketplace and first party offerings while delivering more value to advertisers, marketplace sellers and publishers. Mirakl Ads is a unique collection of tools that sets it apart from other platforms. By leveraging Mirakl's knowledge in eCommerce best practices, product data management, and conversion optimization, we have developed a purpose-built Retail Media solution that maximises sales and enhances profitability through digital advertising expenditure.&nbsp;</p>
<p>To support the rapid adoption of Mirakl Ads, and take an active part in our growth, Mirakl is seeking a&nbsp;<strong>Senior Account Executive with expertise in Retail Media.&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Your Impact:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>In the role of Senior Account Executive, you will play a key part in growing our EMEA business, with a focus on selling the Mirakl Ads solution. This position is perfect for those with significant sales or closing experience, particularly in the retail media sector. We are seeking a self-driven individual who can rapidly develop a pipeline and effectively handle both existing and new client relationships. If you are prepared to make a substantial impact on our team's success, we highly encourage your application.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>What you will do at Mirakl:</strong></p>
<p><strong>Strategic &amp; Go‑to‑Market Leadership</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Develop a go‑to‑market sales strategy aligned with Quota expectations.</li>
<li>Lead conversations on Retail Media benefits, differentiators, and market challenges.</li>
<li>Position yourself as a trusted advisor in the Retail Media ecosystem.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Sales Execution &amp; Pipeline Ownership</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Engage retailers across your territory to promote and sell Mirakl Ads.</li>
<li>Manage the full sales cycle end‑to‑end, including technical, legal, and financial steps.</li>
<li>Drive revenue through new customer acquisition using a solution‑selling approach.</li>
<li>Own and sustain a strong, healthy sales pipeline.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Product &amp; Market Expertise</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Build deep expertise in Mirakl’s solutions and communicate key KPIs to drive adoption.</li>
<li>Understand and articulate the value of Retail Media to multiple stakeholder levels.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Relationship Building &amp; Stakeholder Management</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Navigate complex organisations and build relationships with key decision‑makers.</li>
<li>Establish and nurture long‑term partnerships with retailers.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Cross‑Functional Collaboration &amp; Operations</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Collaborate with internal teams to advance opportunities and ensure smooth onboarding.</li>
<li>Maintain accurate activity, opportunity, and account records in the CRM.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>What Mirakl is looking for in a candidate:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Expertise in <strong>Retail Media, Marketplace SaaS Solution</strong></li>
<li><span data-url="guide://action?prefill=Tell%20me%20more%20about%3A%20Deep%20understanding%20of%20programmatic%20ad%E2%80%91tech%20products">Deep understanding of<strong> Ad‑tech ecosystem </strong>(such as </span>DSPs, Ads servers, APIs, and data‑driven advertising solutions</li>
<li>Ability to<strong> prioritise pipeline and accelerated sales </strong>cycles to meet quarterly targets</li>
<li>Proficiency in business sales situations requiring demonstration of ROI</li>
<li>Proven work ethic with a track record of consistent over-achievement</li>
<li>Experience in <strong>negotiation and influencing skills</strong></li>
<li>Fluent in English and German</li>
</ul>
<p>A nice‑to‑have</p>
<ul>
<li>BA or Master degree in Business, Marketing, or Finance</li>
<li>In-depth understanding of business practices and industry trends</li>
<li>Another languages such as Dutch is a plus.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>We keep it transparent and timely. Here’s what to expect:</strong></p>
<ol>
<li><strong>Introductory call :&nbsp;</strong>A conversation to learn about your background and motivations, and to answer your questions about Mirakl, the team, and the role.</li>
<li><strong>Business interview</strong> Meet the hiring manager to discuss your experience, problem‑solving approach and impact.</li>
<li><strong>Values Interviews : </strong>Meet with team members from different functions to explore your alignment with our core values and ways of working.</li>
<li><strong>Final decision &amp; Offer : </strong>We consolidate feedback quickly and aim to share decisions without delay. If successful, we’ll walk you through the offer details, benefits, and next steps.</li>
</ol>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Benefits at Mirakl :</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>
<ul>
<li><strong>Health Insurance</strong>: AXA medical coverage and flexible individual healthcare benefits. This benefit allows spending up to €1,500 per year on various medical expenses.</li>
<li><strong>Pension &amp; Life Insurance</strong>: Mirakl contributes 2% of fixed salary monthly to your pension and life plan.</li>
<li><strong>ClassPass</strong>: Enjoy 10 monthly credits plus discounted access to 2,500+ gyms and wellness studios worldwide.</li>
<li><strong>Public Transport Pass</strong>: 50% reimbursement on your monthly public transport subscription.</li>
<li><strong>Meal Allowance</strong>: Employees receiving a meal allowance of €3,10 net, paid by Mirakl for 15 lunches per month.</li>
<li><strong>Paid Time Off</strong>: 30 prorated paid vacation days per calendar year.</li>
<li><strong>Hybrid Setup&nbsp;</strong>: 4 days at the office &amp; 1 days remote</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><p><em>We welcome collaborators with their diverse perspectives and experiences to power us forward. These often far exceed conventional job requirements and help us create a culture of continuous learning. If you’re ready to join a global leader powering digital transformation for 450+ of the world’s most innovative retailers and B2B organizations.</em></p>
<p><em>We may use Artificial Intelligence (AI) solutions to help streamline our hiring process, including screening applications, analyzing resumes, and assessing responses. While AI helps us work efficiently, all final hiring decisions are made by humans. For more information, visit our </em><a href="https://info.mirakl.com/ai-guidelines-for-candidates-and-interviews"><em>AI Guidelines for Candidates and Interviews</em></a><em>.</em></p></div>