<div class="content-intro"><h2><span data-sheets-root="1">About Wolt</span></h2>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">At Wolt, we create technology that brings joy, simplicity and earnings to the neighborhoods of the world. In 2014 we started with delivery of restaurant food. Now we’re building the delivery of (almost) everything and you’ll find us in over 500 cities in 30 countries around the world. In 2022 we joined forces with DoorDash and together we keep on dreaming big and expanding across the globe.<br><br>Working at Wolt isn’t always easy, but it’s definitely exciting. Here you’ll learn more, build more, and ship more than in most other companies. You’ll be challenged a lot, but also have a lot of fun on the way. So, if you’re a self-starter with drive and entrepreneurial spirit, this could be the ride of your life.</span></p></div><p>Our company, Wolt License Services (WLS), is a dynamic organization specializing in payment and financial services for our parent company Wolt, a prominent platform marketplace, and Wolt’s customers. WLS currently manages all merchant payment flows across 22 markets, ensuring strict adherence to regulatory requirements, including AML, safeguarding customer funds, and maintaining robust internal controls. As a licensed and supervised payment and e-money institution, we are committed to upholding the highest standards of integrity, transparency, and efficiency in our operations.</p>
<p>As we continue to expand our financial services and drive innovation, we are seeking to strengthen our regulatory compliance capabilities by recruiting a highly skilled and experienced Compliance Outsourcing Manager to join our 2LoD team. The Compliance Outsourcing Manager will be responsible for overseeing and managing the institution's compliance with internal and external outsourcing arrangements. This role requires a deep understanding of outsourcing regulatory standards together with knowledge around DORA regulation and effective communication with key stakeholders across the DoorDash group of companies. The role will report to the Director, Risk &amp; Compliance.</p>
<h2>What you'll be doing</h2>
<ul>
<li>Managing activities related to outsourcing and third-party risk management, including onboarding, due diligence, risk assessment, and continuous vendor monitoring.</li>
<li>Developing and implementing the outsourcing and third-party risk management policy and operating model for supply chain and outsourcing management.</li>
<li>Controlling that approvals are processed through internal governance in relation to outsourcing changes and other vendor lifecycle deliveries.</li>
<li>Providing clear guidance to staff on third-party risk management procedures, risk assessments, and their ongoing accountability.</li>
<li>Ensuring regulatory compliance as it relates to EBA guidelines on outsourcing arrangements and DORA.</li>
<li>Maintaining full oversight of the risk landscape and contract lifecycles, ensuring all vendors comply with Third Party policies, Business Continuity Plans, and audit requirements.</li>
<li>Preparing regular reports to Senior Management on the status of outsourcing activities, their risks, compliance, and performance metrics.</li>
<li>Act as the primary escalation point and bridge between WLS and its vendors, fostering strong internal cooperation and managing vendor responses during critical incidents.</li>
</ul>
<h2>Our humble expectations</h2>
<ul>
<li>Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in Business, Law, Finance or a related field.</li>
<li>4+ years of experience in compliance, risk management, outsourcing, or third-party risk management.</li>
<li>Knowledge of a broad range of outsourcing and business resilience regulations and its application in financial services.</li>
<li>Experience developing service management, monitoring processes, and conducting risk assessments for outsourcing arrangements on an ongoing basis.</li>
<li>Experience in collaborating with cross-functional teams in dynamic environments. Ability to deep dive into various topics and create structures and procedures.</li>
<li>Data driven in making decisions and measuring results.</li>
<li>Experience working with operations, product, or engineering teams to launch new products or enter new markets is highly advantageous.</li>
</ul>
<h2>Next Steps</h2>
<p>If you are excited about working in a high-growth environment, taking ownership, and being part of an extremely ambitious team, then click below to apply and get the conversation going!&nbsp;</p>
<p>Please note that we do not accept applications sent by mail. You should submit your application through our careers website!</p>
<p><iframe src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/GoL541\_xj9w" width="560" height="314"></iframe></p><div class="content-conclusion"><h2><span data-sheets-root="1">Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion</span></h2>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">We’re committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. That’s why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.</span></p></div>