<p>
  <strong>Headquarters:</strong> Netherlands (remote)
</p>

<div class="job__description body"><div><h3><strong>About ClickHouse</strong></h3><br><p>Established in 2009, ClickHouse leads the industry with its open-source column-oriented database system, driven by the vision of becoming the fastest OLAP database globally. The company empowers users to generate real-time analytical reports through SQL queries, emphasizing speed in managing escalating data volumes. Enterprises globally, including Lyft, Sony, IBM, GitLab, Twilio, HubSpot, and many more, rely on ClickHouse Cloud. It is available through open-source or on AWS, GCP, Azure, and Alibaba.&nbsp;&nbsp;</p></div><div><p>We are seeking an experienced Product Manager with a strong background in security to join our dynamic team. This role will be crucial in defining and executing the product strategy for our security offerings, ensuring our products are robust, reliable, and meet the evolving needs of our customers in a secure manner. The ideal candidate will possess a deep understanding of database security, networking, and identity management, and will be adept at navigating the complexities of product development from conception to launch.</p><br><h4>What you will do:</h4><br><ul><br><li>Define and evangelize the product vision, strategy, and roadmap for security-focused features and products.</li><br><li>Conduct market research, competitive analysis, and customer feedback sessions to identify opportunities and inform product decisions.</li><br><li>Collaborate closely with engineering, design, sales, and marketing teams to deliver high-quality, secure products.</li><br><li>Translate complex security requirements into clear, concise product specifications and user stories.</li><br><li>Prioritize product backlog and manage trade-offs to optimize for business value and customer satisfaction.</li><br><li>Drive product launch activities, including go-to-market strategy, sales enablement, and user documentation.</li><br><li>Monitor product performance, gather insights, and iterate on product features based on data and user feedback.</li><br><li>Act as a subject matter expert for security within the organization, providing guidance and insights to various stakeholders.</li><br></ul><br><h4>About You:</h4><br><ul><br><li>Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or a related technical field, or equivalent practical experience.</li><br><li>Minimum of 5 years of experience in product management, with a significant focus on security products or features.</li><br><li>Proven experience with database security principles and best practices.</li><br><li>Strong understanding of networking concepts and their implications for security.</li><br><li>In-depth knowledge of identity and access management (IAM) topics.</li><br><li>Demonstrated experience in quality assurance processes and methodologies.</li><br><li>Solid background in program management, including planning, execution, and risk management.</li><br><li>Prior experience in security engineering is required.</li><br><li>Excellent communication, interpersonal, and presentation skills.</li><br><li>Ability to thrive in a fast-paced, collaborative environment.</li><br></ul><br><h4>Preferred Qualifications:</h4><br><ul><br><li>Master's degree or MBA.</li><br><li>Certifications in security (e.g., CISSP, CISM, CompTIA Security+).</li><br><li>Experience with agile development methodologies.</li><br><li>Experience with cloud security platforms and technologies.</li><br></ul><br><p><br><br></p></div><div><h3><strong>Compensation</strong></h3><br><p><span>For roles based in the&nbsp;<strong>United States</strong>, t</span>he typical starting salary range for this position is listed above. In certain locations, such as Los Angeles, CA, the San Francisco Bay Area, CA, the Seattle, WA, Area, and the New York City Metro Area, a premium market range may apply, as listed.</p><br><p class="p1">These salary ranges reflect what we reasonably and in good faith believe to be the minimum and maximum pay for this role at the time of posting. The actual compensation may be higher or lower than the amounts listed, and the ranges may be subject to future adjustments.</p><br><p class="p1">An individual’s placement within the range will depend on various factors, including (but not limited to) education, qualifications, certifications, experience, skills, location, performance, and the needs of the business or organization.</p><br><p><span>If you have any questions or comments about compensation as a candidate, please get in touch with us at&nbsp;<a href="mailto:paytransparency@clickhouse.com">paytransparency@clickhouse.com</a>.</span></p><br><h3><strong>Perks</strong></h3><br><ul><br><li><strong>Flexible work environment</strong><span> - ClickHouse is a globally distributed company and remote-friendly. We currently operate in 20 countries.</span></li><br><li><strong>Healthcare</strong><span> - Employer contributions towards your healthcare.</span></li><br><li><strong>Equity in the company</strong><span> - Every new team member who joins our company receives stock options.</span></li><br><li><strong>Time off</strong><span> - Flexible time off in the US, generous entitlement in other countries.</span></li><br><li><strong>A $500 Home office setup </strong><span>if you’re a remote employee.</span></li><br><li><strong>Global Gatherings </strong>– We believe in the power of in-person connection and offer opportunities to engage with colleagues at company-wide offsites.</li><br></ul><br><p><strong>Culture - We All Shape It</strong></p><br><p><span>As part of our first 500 employees, you will be instrumental in shaping our culture.&nbsp;</span></p><br><p><span>Are you interested in finding out more about our culture? &nbsp;Learn more about our values <a href="https://clickhouse.com/company/careers">here</a>.&nbsp; Check out our<a href="https://clickhouse.com/blog"> blog posts</a> or follow us on <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/company/clickhouseinc/life/0c1ee7f4-2129-488d-b413-e7f6270659fd/?viewAsMember=true">LinkedIn</a> to find out more about what’s happening at ClickHouse.</span></p><br><p><strong>Equal Opportunity &amp; Privacy&nbsp;</strong></p><br><p>ClickHouse provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any type based on factors such as race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws.&nbsp;</p><br><p><span>Please see&nbsp;<a href="https://clickhouse.com/legal/applicant-privacy-notice">here</a>&nbsp;for our Privacy Statement.</span></p></div></div>

<p><strong>To apply:</strong> <a href="https://weworkremotely.com/remote-jobs/clickhouse-senior-product-manager-security">https://weworkremotely.com/remote-jobs/clickhouse-senior-product-manager-security</a></p>