Join our team of Web Designers to shape the website landscape of the leading cybersecurity solutions in the world.

We are looking for a designer who would like to help us create an engaging web presence to boost user acquisition and satisfaction. Your work will focus on crafting visually striking, user-friendly websites. You will be closely collaborating with our Marketing peers on various projects (from Global Campaigns to new business initiatives). Also, as a designer, you will foster collaboration with copywriters, web content managers, design system team, graphic designers and engineers, that will help you bring the best of websites live to the world.

## Main Responsibilities

- Design web pages that enhance new user engagement and interaction, ensuring a seamless experience across our website.
- Analyze current website patterns and flows, identify architecture & design flaws to advise the most suitable solutions and improvement plans
- Collaborate with marketing and product teams to align web designs with brand identity, business objectives. Boost user engagement and conversions through cohesive, user-centric strategies.
- Work closely with other UI/UX Designers, UX Researchers, and Design System designers.
- Advocate for design and excellence, presenting and rationalizing your design choices and their impact on growth metrics to stakeholders.

## Core Requirements

- Proven experience in web design, with a portfolio that showcases your expertise in creating engaging web pages.
- Exceptional visual and interaction design skills, with a keen eye for detail and a passion for creating intuitive user experience.
- Commitment to aligning design with business objectives and user needs.
- A collaborative mindset, with the ability to work closely with data analytics, web content managers and developers to ensure design fidelity and implementation.
- A quick learner, adaptable to new technologies and evolving project requirements, open to feedback for growth and improvement.
- Excellent communication skills, fluent in English.
- Proficiency in Figma.

- We invite you to submit a comprehensive portfolio showcasing your work. Highlight relevant projects, your design process, and outcomes achieved. We look forward to gaining insights into your creativity and proficiency in web design.

## Salary range

- Gross Salary 17600-27100 PLN/Month.

About Us
Nord Security is a global leader in internet privacy and security solutions and Lithuania’s second tech unicorn. Established in 2012, Nord Security now has more than 1400 employees and serves millions of users worldwide. Our team has a global mission to shape a more secure and peaceful online future for people everywhere. With that in mind, we built several advanced cybersecurity solutions: NordVPN, NordLayer, NordLocker, NordPass, NordProtect, NordStellar, and Saily.
NordVPN is the world’s most advanced VPN service provider, used by millions of internet users worldwide. NordVPN provides double VPN encryption and Onion Over VPN and guarantees privacy with zero tracking. One of the key features of the product is Threat Protection, which blocks malicious websites, malware, trackers, and ads. NordVPN is very user friendly, offers one of the best prices on the market, and has over 5,000 servers in 59 countries worldwide.
And we’re always looking to expand our team of:
• Future shapers
• Restless achievers
• Self-movers
• Honest communicators
• Team players
What We Offer
• Access to Nord Security products. We build solutions used by millions of users worldwide, and you’ll get to experience our products firsthand;
• Professional growth. Internal and external events, online training, conferences, books - everything you need to reach full potential;
• Health benefits. Private health insurance, online and on-site workouts, consultations to feel and be your best;
• Mental wellbeing. Access to mental health tools like Calm, Headspace, and Mindletic. Options for therapy to keep your emotional wellbeing in check;
• Team spirit. Team buildings and parties with games, shows, tastings, food coupons, gifts, and it’s on us;
• More free time. Stay with us and additional vacation days will be added to your calendar;
• Additional paid leave. Additional days are covered by us in cases of illness or special occasions;
• Flexibility. Flexible working time arrangement.
Kindly refer to our Privacy Notice for Recruitment Candidates for comprehensive information regarding our data handling procedures throughout recruitment processes: https://bit.ly/3urJdOL