<div class="content-intro"><h2><span data-sheets-root="1">About Wolt</span></h2>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">At Wolt, we create technology that brings joy, simplicity and earnings to the neighborhoods of the world. In 2014 we started with delivery of restaurant food. Now we’re building the delivery of (almost) everything and you’ll find us in over 500 cities in 30 countries around the world. In 2022 we joined forces with DoorDash and together we keep on dreaming big and expanding across the globe.<br><br>Working at Wolt isn’t always easy, but it’s definitely exciting. Here you’ll learn more, build more, and ship more than in most other companies. You’ll be challenged a lot, but also have a lot of fun on the way. So, if you’re a self-starter with drive and entrepreneurial spirit, this could be the ride of your life.</span></p></div><p>The role you are looking at is a part of Wolt Market - our very own grocery stores that deliver unprecedented convenience and world-leading customer experience. People across Hungary can order their groceries and have them delivered to their doorstep at lightspeed! With Wolt Market, our focus is to find the right products by being customer-oriented, offer the fastest delivery available, and be the company that changes the future of grocery shopping. This role plays a key part in our growth in Hungary.</p>
<h2>What you’ll be doing</h2>
<p>You will work closely together with the team, including Shift leads and Grocery Associates, which you will guide, coach and develop within the frames of Wolt leadership values and principles. To do this, you will make sure the Shift Leads have the knowledge and right tools to be able to run the store's day-to-day operations smoothly - staying on top of freshness, inventory and stock management - laying the foundation for an unmatched Customer Experience.<br><br>You’ll be responsible for leading one of the Wolt Market stores and its team, training people, providing daily feedback and also holding 1v1 chats with your team members, ensuring KPIs are met, new goals are set, and your team members are continuously learning and growing.</p>
<h3><strong>Day-to-day in this role you’ll:</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Your main goal will be to consistently improve the way our stores operate with help from the Operations Team. Fast delivery and fluent operations consist of a large field of things, this is one of the key day to day operational tasks you’ll be working on.</li>
<li>Leading, growing and motivating a team of approx. 12-18 people. Creating an environment where your colleagues can do their best work and have fun while working. Engage people and help them grow as Wolt Market grows!</li>
<li>Manage shift scheduling. Strategically adjust staffing levels to align perfectly with Inbound and Outbound logistical demands.</li>
<li>Deliver best-in-class customer experience through excellence in freshness, timing, availability, quality, quantity, inventory real-time balance.</li>
<li>Own end-to-end stock accountability, from receiving and put-away to outbound logistics. This includes managing detailed stock and rolling counts, and diligently monitoring inventory health and minimizing waste (e.g., shrink, write-offs, expiring goods, supplier returns).</li>
<li>Collaborate effectively with all Wolt/Wolt Market functions to optimize store offering. Guarantee customers have access to the best available selection through accurate real-time inventory placement and balance, always ensuring product quality and uncompromising freshness</li>
<li>Ensure we meet or overcome all food-safety and work safety standards to ensure the best work environment.</li>
<li>Continuous participation in internal and external meetings to drive changes in real-time - implementing Procedures, Principles and Decisions.</li>
<li>Actively contribute to strategic innovation projects</li>
</ul>
<h2>Our humble expectations</h2>
<p>Leadership experience and proven ability to motivate others. Ability to drive impact, deliver on KPIs and ensure your team does the same.Experience working in a grocery store is not a must, but a big plus.A fast learner with the ability to multitask.Proactive and service-minded are words that describe youYou have a can do-attitude and enjoy the idea of working in a fast-paced entrepreneurial environment.Data-driven and analytical, you understand data to help improve and develop.Professional working proficiency in English</p>
<h2>Next steps</h2>
<p>If you are excited about working in a high-growth environment, taking ownership, and being part of an extremely ambitious team redefining grocery shopping, then click below to apply and get the conversation going!</p>
<p>We will be reviewing applications on an on-going basis, so if this sounds like an opportunity you want to pursue, apply today!</p>
<p>Please note that we do not accept applications coming through email due to GDPR. Make sure to apply through our careers page!</p>
<p><iframe src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/T10nqKEgkmE?si=Wne6e6YFlKURiGsA" width="560" height="314"></iframe></p><div class="content-conclusion"><h2><span data-sheets-root="1">Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion</span></h2>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">We’re committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. That’s why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.</span></p></div>