<p>JetBrains makes industry-leading professional IDEs and team software. We are seeking an AI Developer Advocate to strengthen JetBrains’ presence in the AI tooling space and help developers build, deploy, and scale modern applications using AI in JetBrains IDEs.<br><br>This role blends<strong> </strong>content creation, technical expertise, community engagement, and strategic collaboration with partners and broader developer communities. You will formulate credible explanations of how AI in our products boosts productivity and advise product teams based on industry trends and developer feedback.&nbsp;</p>
<p>We are looking to hear from candidates who are experienced, passionate, empathetic, and ready to help with our roadmap and advocating in the fast moving world of AI!<br><br>This opportunity is open for candidates currently based in the San Francisco Bay Area.</p>
<h2>In this role, you’ll:</h2>
<ul>
<li>Attract attention to and explain various aspects of our product portfolio via videos, blog posts, partner collaborations, livestreams, speaking, podcasts, sample code, etc.</li>
<li>Build and maintain relationships, presence, and reputation in the industry, with global/regional communities, and on social networks.</li>
<li>Work with the product teams to provide feedback.</li>
<li>Meet with customers, listen to their needs, and educate them about our products and services.</li>
<li>Speak to the press on behalf of our product offerings.</li>
<li>Contribute as needed to other areas at JetBrains.</li>
</ul>
<h2>We’ll be happy to have you on our team if you have:</h2>
<ul>
<li>Enthusiasm about the direction software development is heading and the impact AI is having on it.</li>
<li>Applied experience with software engineering best practices, like testing, refactoring, version control, etc.</li>
<li>Hands-on experience with coding agents (Claude Code, Junie, Gemini, Codex, etc.).</li>
<li>Practical experience with multiple technologies, including languages such as JavaScript, Java, and Rust.</li>
<li>Fluent English, both spoken and written.</li>
<li>Excellent communication skills, especially the ability to tell a compelling story about a technology.</li>
<li>Self-organization, goal-setting, and time-management skills.</li>
<li>The willingness to travel.</li>
</ul>
<h2>We’d be especially thrilled if you have:</h2>
<ul>
<li>An established reputation in a development community.</li>
<li>Experience with JetBrains tools.</li>
<li>Experience in developer advocacy.</li>
<li>A background working in an environment with highly distributed, diverse teams.</li>
<li>If you have a portfolio of videos (short or long form content) and conference talks, please submit it with your application.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><span style="color: rgb(255, 255, 255);">#LI-NP1</span></p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>We are an equal opportunity employer</strong><br><br>We know great ideas can come from anyone, anywhere. That’s why we do our best to create an open and inclusive workplace – one that welcomes everyone regardless of their background, identity, religion, age, accessibility needs, or orientation.</p>
<p><em data-stringify-type="italic">We process the data provided in your job application in accordance with the <a href="https://www.jetbrains.com/legal/docs/privacy/privacy-recruitment/">Recruitment Privacy Policy.</a></em></p></div>