<p><strong>This is Adyen</strong></p>
<p>Adyen is the financial technology platform of choice for leading companies. By providing end-to-end payments capabilities, data-driven insights, and financial products in a single global solution, Adyen helps businesses achieve their ambitions faster. With offices around the world, Adyen works with the likes of Meta, Uber, H&amp;M, eBay, and Microsoft. To maintain our momentum, we need people to join us in finding new ways of solving our unique challenges - people like you.</p>
<p><strong>Team Lead, Technical Support</strong></p>
<p>As a Technical Support Team Lead, based in Amsterdam, you will lead a team that operates as a first point of contact for Adyen’s merchants across the globe. You will guide and develop the Technical Support team that works directly with merchants to help solve complex technical and operational questions. Day-to-day you will be working with multiple teams across Adyen, such as Operations, Engineering, Product, Account Management and Sales to provide white glove service and support.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Our team is merchant-focused, highly motivated and thrives on our shared success. You will be part of an international team with diverse backgrounds and skill sets. With Adyen being a 24/7 business we operate throughout time zones using a follow the sun principle. Our extensive payments knowledge and technical skillset is our most valuable asset both to our merchants and our internal teams.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>What you’ll do</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Lead a customer facing team that is a key source of knowledge on the Adyen platform and APIs, the underlying technology stack, and industry-standard integration methods and best practices</li>
<li>Collaborate across an international leadership team by scheduling and participating in monthly meetings, standardizing best practices and developing global alignment as we scale</li>
<li>Coach and mentor members of the Support team to fully prepare Technical Support Engineers to resolve technical challenges for Adyen’s merchants and grow their careers</li>
<li>Help define and clearly communicate objectives and key results for the Support team</li>
<li>Institute accountability, track team progress and success, and present results to Senior Leadership</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Who you are</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>You are a people leader who can lead and mentor a team, helping team members grow individually and as a team. You apply focus and drive change, and have between 2-6 years of experience directly managing technical support teams.</li>
<li>You are innovative, love dealing with ambiguity, have strong problem-solving capabilities and enjoy establishing processes and procedures</li>
<li>You are able to serve as an escalation point to varied technical support requests and issues</li>
<li>You can make quick informed decisions and prioritize requests for both internal and external stakeholders</li>
<li>You have strong communication skills and the ability to interact with others clearly and empathetically</li>
<li>Payments or Fintech experience is not required, but you must be able to communicate your enthusiasm for the space and have a tech background or strong technical affinity</li>
<li>You must be willing to travel occasionally, both domestically and internationally where required</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Our Diversity, Equity and Inclusion commitments&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>Our unique approach is a product of our diverse perspectives. This diversity of backgrounds and cultures is essential in helping us maintain our momentum. Our business and technical challenges are unique, and we need as many different voices as possible to join us in solving them - voices like yours. No matter who you are or where you’re from, we welcome you to be your true self at Adyen.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Studies show that women and members of underrepresented communities apply for jobs only if they meet 100% of the qualifications. Does this sound like you? If so, Adyen encourages you to reconsider and apply. We look forward to your application</p>
<p>What’s next?</p>
<p>Ensuring a smooth and enjoyable candidate experience is critical for us. We aim to get back to you regarding your application within 5 business days. Our interview process tends to take about 4 weeks to complete, but may fluctuate depending on the role. <a href="https://careers.adyen.com/how-we-hire"><strong>Learn more about our hiring process here</strong></a><strong>. </strong>Don’t be afraid to let us know if you need more flexibility.</p>
<p><strong>Please, note that this role is a full-time position in Amsterdam, with a hybrid work setup (3 days per week in the office). It will require a relocation in case you live outside of the Netherlands.</strong></p>