<p></p>
<div><strong>About Groww:</strong></div>
<div>We are a passionate group of people focused on making financial services accessible to every Indian through a multi-product platform. Each day, we help millions of customers take charge of their financial journey. Customer obsession is in our DNA. Every product, every design, every algorithm down to the tiniest detail is executed keeping the customers’ needs and convenience in mind. Our people are our greatest strength. Everyone at Groww is driven by ownership, customer-centricity, integrity and the passion to constantly challenge the status quo.</div>
<div>&nbsp;</div>
<div>Are you as passionate about defying conventions and creating something extraordinary as we are? Let’s chat.</div>
<div>&nbsp;</div>
<div><strong>Our Vision</strong></div>
<div>Every individual deserves the knowledge, tools, and confidence to make informed financial decisions. At Groww, we are making sure every Indian feels empowered to do so through a cutting-edge multi-product platform offering a variety of financial services. Our long-term vision is to become the trusted financial partner for millions of Indians.</div>
<div>&nbsp;</div>
<div><strong>Our Values</strong></div>
<div>Our culture enables us to be what we are — India’s fastest-growing financial services company. It fosters an environment where collaboration, transparency, and open communication take center-stage and hierarchies fade away. There is space for every individual to be themselves and feel motivated to bring their best to the table, as well as craft a promising career for themselves.</div>
<div>The values that form our foundation are:</div>
<ul>
<li>Radical customer centricity</li>
<li>Ownership-driven culture</li>
<li>Keeping everything simple</li>
<li>Long-term thinking</li>
<li>Complete transparency</li>
</ul>
<p></p>
<p><strong>Summary:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>This role is designed for seasoned portfolio advisors with deep expertise in multi-asset solutions and HNI-specific needs. You will be responsible for providing sophisticated portfolio construction and advisory, including complex structures like succession, tax optimisation, and multi-entity strategies.</p>
<p><strong>Key Responsibilities:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Advise on bespoke portfolios integrating MF, PMS, AIF, Bonds, Structured/Global Products.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Review and redesign existing portfolios, addressing allocation,selection, and deployment&nbsp;</li>
<li>gaps.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Apply advanced solutions for UHNIs including cash flow planning,preservation strategies,&nbsp;</li>
<li>estate planning, and taxation nuances.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Continuously monitor client portfolios and recommend rebalancing actions.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Serve as a thought partner to relationship teams on large/complex clients.&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Candidate Requirements</strong>:&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>3+ years’ experience in wealth advisory for UHNI or Family Office clients.&nbsp;</li>
<li>In-depth knowledge of structured products, global funds, and advanced tax/regulatory&nbsp;frameworks.&nbsp;</li>
<li>CFA/CA/MBA Finance preferred.&nbsp;</li>
<li>High client engagement and consultative skills.</li>
</ul>