<h2><strong>Who we are</strong></h2>
<h3><strong>About Stripe</strong></h3>
<p>Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies - from the world’s largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups - use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyone's reach while doing the most important work of your career.</p>
<h3><strong>About the team</strong></h3>
<p>In this role, you’ll be reporting into the Employee Onboarding and Engagement team (part of the Talent and Development organization).</p>
<h2><strong>What you’ll do</strong></h2>
<p>As a Stripe Onboarding Coordinator you will play a vital role in delivering exceptional onboarding experiences for new Stripes at scale. This role is responsible for owning operations and optimizing logistics for our global employee onboarding program (Stripe 101). This role will be based on-site in Dublin.&nbsp;</p>
<h3><strong>Responsibilities</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Provide in-person support for Stripe 101 live and in-person from our Dublin office approximately every two weeks on Monday-Wednesday, from 7:30 am-5:30 pm.</li>
<li>Manage logistics and scheduling for bi-weekly onboarding sessions, facilitators and participants for our global onboarding program.</li>
<li>Document best practices, create operational playbooks to ensure consistency and quality across the global program.</li>
<li>Draft and distribute clear, concise onboarding communications to share processes, schedules, updates, and changes.</li>
<li>Analyze new hire data, identify trends, and create narratives that communicate program health/impact.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Identify opportunities to optimize and automate onboarding workflows, tools, and experiences; partner with stakeholders to implement scalable improvements.</li>
<li>Partner with the Workplace team to set up rooms and coordinate new hire social events.</li>
<li>Provide a positive user experience by answering questions and addressing issues for new Stripes.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Facilitate Stripe 101 sessions to large audiences as needed.&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Who you are</strong></h2>
<p>We're looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply.</p>
<h3><strong>Minimum requirements</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>&nbsp;4+ years of scheduling or coordination experience</li>
<li>Previous experience in a fast-paced environment</li>
<li>Ability to be a team player; adept at working with multiple people at any given time</li>
<li>Incredible organizational skills, superb attention to detail</li>
<li>Flexibility: able to shift tasks and priorities in a big way at the drop of a hat; comfortable working with ambiguity</li>
<li>Process-driven: constantly looking for ways to make things work more efficiently</li>
<li>Excellent verbal and written communication skills, with an appropriate blend of professionalism and friendliness</li>
<li>Ability to effectively present and facilitate sessions for large audiences.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Work with a high degree of autonomy and limited supervision</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>