**About the Team**

The BizFin team at Meesho is a close-knit and high-performing group that brings together a diverse mix of professionals from Big 4 consulting, FMCG giants, and top-tier investment firms. Our members include Chartered Accountants (many of whom are rank holders), business specialists, and former investment bankers — each contributing a unique perspective and skill set.

We thrive on solving complex, high-impact business problems across Meesho’s ecosystem. Whether it's driving growth strategy or streamlining financial operations, the team plays a critical role in shaping key decisions that drive the company's success.

We believe in cross-functional exposure, ensuring team members gain experience across different areas of the business, enabling continuous learning and a broader perspective. At our core, we value both excellence in our work and strong team bonds, creating a culture that celebrates collaboration, achievement, and the collective impact we make.

**About the Role**

As a Business Finance expert, you’ll be one among the 50+ professionals working in domains such as Financial Reporting, Finance Operations, Business Finance, Treasury Management and Taxation.

You will get a chance to work closely with some of the sharpest minds from the finance industry, and solve complex challenges.

We thrive on solving complex, high-impact business problems across Meesho’s ecosystem. Whether it's driving growth strategy or streamlining financial operations, the team plays a critical role in shaping key decisions that drive the company's success.

## What you will do

- **Business Planning, measurement and control**

1. Translate business strategy into financial targets and tactical plans and support execution in a controlled risk and reward- based manner

2. Provide the business with relevant financial support to enable effective planning while applying moderate budgeting and forecasting techniques : Advice on modelling, planning and forecasting with reference to cost, time and quality.

3. Have an evolving view on how to manage planning ambiguities emanating from lack of perfect information, lack of clear A/B results, conflicting business objectives and purely evolving environmental dynamics.

- **Financial Modelling, analysis and problem root causing**

1. Adapting market or industry best practices as applicable for the organization. Training teams and building organizational capability across all knowledge areas.

2. References external benchmarks to provide context for business performance. Reviews and analyses on allocated resources and recommends alternative solutions.

3. Demonstrate expert knowledge and demonstrate financial models using simulation tools, business case development, financial analysis , scenario planning

4. Work on intrinsically hard problems amidst significant ambiguity and often conflicting end goals; often entailing significant business risk / impact.

- **Business & Stakeholder management and Decision making**

1. Demonstrates Ability to gain commitment and buy-in for strategies and programmes by demonstrating their impact on organizational results.

2. Is able to conduct organization wide presentations to ensure alignment with business strategies and generate call to action

3. Shapes information to management with insightful external and internal perspectives and Influences how business risks and opportunities are addressed.

4. You leverage a customer first perspective, tempered for global dynamics, benchmarked adequately in making your case.

## What you will need

- Minimum 4 yrs of Business Finance experience , Chartered Accountant or Post-Graduate in Finance
- Strong analytical rigour and problem-solving skills
- Should have experience of leading a team
- Proven ability to form strong collaborations with stakeholders

**(For candidates with non similar industry experience, the numbers of years of experience may vary.)**

## Leadership @ Meesho and FLPP

- **About Vidit Aatrey, Founder and CEO at Meesho**

[Vidit Aatrey](https://www.linkedin.com/in/vidit-aatrey-a3639120/?originalSubdomain=in) is the founder and CEO of Meesho, India’s fastest-growing e-commerce company. Along with his co-founder Sanjeev Barnwal, Vidit founded Meesho in 2015 with a mission to democratize internet commerce for everyone. He has been instrumental in pioneering social commerce in India, enabling millions of women to become entrepreneurs, while building a platform that's digitizing MSMEs and making e-commerce accessible and affordable for traditionally underserved customers in Bharat. A firm believer in the power of startups to solve problems and usher in change, he has so far  invested in 30+ ventures across India and Southeast Asia, including notable names like Elastic Run, FamPay, Airblack, Loop Health, Turnip, Anar and Yellow Class. Vidit is an IIT-Delhi alumnus (2012 batch) and prior to his role as CEO of Meesho, he has worked with ITC and InMobi. Meesho is his second venture after Pledge, an employment portal for underprivileged youth that won the Social Venture Challenge, 2011 (Singapore) by Resolution Project. In recognition of his achievements, Vidit has been featured in Forbes 30 Under 30 (India and Asia list), Fortune 40 Under 40, The Economic Times 40 Under 40 and Entrepreneur magazine’s 35 under 35.

- **AboutSanjeev Barnwal, Founder & CTO at Meesho**

[Sanjeev Barnwal](https://www.linkedin.com/in/sanjeev-barnwal-4099341b/) is the Founder and CTO of Meesho - India’s fastest growing e-commerce platform. In his role, he leads technology at Meesho, delivering market-driven innovations to democratize e-commerce for everyone in [India.Under](http://India.Under) Sanjeev’s leadership, Meesho and its tech stack engineered in-house has created a seamless shopping experience for users across the country. His priority is to create engaging user experiences, high scale systems and cutting-edge data science applications to fuel Bharat’s e-commerce dreams. Sanjeev is an Electrical Engineering graduate from Indian Institute of Technology - Delhi. Beyond his entrepreneurial endeavor, Sanjeev is also actively involved in advising founders and investing in young startups across India and SEA.

- **About Dhiresh Bansal: CFO and Head of Finance, Legal, Compliance, PR, and Public Policy (FLPP)**

[DhireshBansal](https://www.linkedin.com/in/dhiresh/) leads Finance, Legal, Compliance, PR, and Public Policy at Meesho. Prior to joining Meesho, he served as Executive Director at JP Morgan India, where he spent nearly a decade. With deep expertise in public markets, Dhiresh has overseen M&A transactions exceeding $50 billion and led teams that raised over $15 billion for clients. He also brings investment experience from his time at domestic private equity firm ChrysCapital. Dhiresh is known for his empathetic and people-first leadership style. He leads by example, consistently inspiring his teams to innovate, collaborate, and push boundaries. His high emotional intelligence and ability to connect with people make him a trusted leader and mentor within the organization. He holds a [B.Tech](http://b.tech/) in Mechanical Engineering from IIT Bombay and an MBA from IIM Ahmedabad.

**About us**

Welcome to Meesho, where every story begins with a spark of inspiration and a dash of entrepreneurial spirit. We're not just a platform; we're your partner in turning dreams into realities.

**Curious about life at Meesho? Explore our Glassdoor - our people have a lot to say and they've helped us become a loved workplace in India.**

**Our Mission**

Democratising internet commerce for everyone — Meesho (Meri Shop) started with a single idea in mind: to be an e-commerce destination for Indian consumers and to enable small businesses to succeed online.

We provide our sellers with benefits such as zero commission and affordable shipping solutions in the market. Today, sellers nationwide are growing their businesses by tapping into Meesho’s large and diverse customer base, state-of-the-art tech infrastructure, and pan-India logistics network through trusted third-party partners.

Affordable, relatable merchandise that mirrors local markets has helped us connect with internet users and serve customers across urban, semi-urban, and rural India. Our unique business model and continuous innovation have established us as a part of India’s e-commerce ecosystem.

**Culture and Total Rewards**

Our focus is on cultivating a dynamic workplace characterized by high impact and performance excellence. We prioritize a people-centric culture, dedicated to hiring and developing exceptional talent.

Total rewards at Meesho comprise a comprehensive set of elements — monetary, non-monetary, tangible, and intangible. Our 9 guiding principles, or "Mantras," are the backbone of how we operate, influencing everything from recognition and evaluation to growth discussions. Daily rituals and processes like “Problem First Mindset,” “Listen or Die,” our Internal Mobility Program, Talent Reviews, and Continuous Performance Management embody these principles.

We offer competitive compensation — both cash and equity-based — tailored to job roles, individual experience, and skill, along with employee-centric benefits and a supportive work environment. Our holistic wellness program, MeeCare, includes benefits across physical, mental, financial, and social wellness. This includes extensive medical insurance for employees and their families, wellness initiatives like telehealth, wellness events, and fitness-related perks.

To support work-life balance, we offer generous leave policies, parental support, retirement benefits, and learning and development assistance. Through personalized recognition, gratitude for stretched work, and engaging activities, we promote employee delight at the workplace. Additional benefits such as salary advance support, relocation assistance, and flexible benefit plans further enrich the Meesho experience.

Know more about Meesho here : <https://www.meesho.io/>