<div class="content-intro"><h2><span data-sheets-root="1">About Wolt</span></h2>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">At Wolt, we create technology that brings joy, simplicity and earnings to the neighborhoods of the world. In 2014 we started with delivery of restaurant food. Now we’re building the delivery of (almost) everything and you’ll find us in over 500 cities in 30 countries around the world. In 2022 we joined forces with DoorDash and together we keep on dreaming big and expanding across the globe.<br><br>Working at Wolt isn’t always easy, but it’s definitely exciting. Here you’ll learn more, build more, and ship more than in most other companies. You’ll be challenged a lot, but also have a lot of fun on the way. So, if you’re a self-starter with drive and entrepreneurial spirit, this could be the ride of your life.</span></p></div><p><strong>The Category M</strong><strong>anager is responsible for</strong> building and managing the assortment and trading plan including pricing and promotions, building relationships with suppliers and managing the category performance in the country. In addition, they are responsible for strategic projects to improve the commercial performance of the country aligned with global OKRs, and learning and development of the local category team.</p>
<p><strong>The Category Manager</strong> has full ownership of the category performance across the assigned categories.&nbsp;</p>
<h2>What you’ll be doing</h2>
<p>As a member of the Category team, your most important task will be to develop an assortment within your managed categories that meets our customers’ needs while ensuring the level of profitability expected by the company.</p>
<h3><strong>Day-to-day in this role you’ll:</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li><strong>Identify</strong> and <strong>proactively drive</strong> local strategic projects to improve the commercial performance of their country</li>
<li>Having full ownership of assigned category performance, including forecasting, monitoring, reporting on the business.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Contributing to driving projects and trading strategy to achieve business goals.</li>
<li>Defining and continuously updating Wolt Market’s assortment at a store level to meet customer needs and optimise order economics.</li>
<li>Leading effective negotiations with suppliers to establish joint goals, improve cost structure, and sustainably grow the P&amp;L.</li>
<li>Influencing the design of the categories, as well as contributing to new product groups and improving the customer experience to deliver growth.</li>
<li>Responsible as <strong>key DRI</strong> to liaise with <strong>global POC’s</strong> for implementation of global initiatives and OKR’s including both commercial, and cross functional stakeholders&nbsp;</li>
<li>Working cross-functionally with counterparts across in-stock management, marketing, finance, and retail systems to operate and grow the business.</li>
<li>Continually improving and automating manual processes to enable the team to scale better as the business grows.</li>
<li>Responsible for driving Ad sales with vendor revenue, confident understanding of tools and selling points</li>
<li>Upon proposing new ideas, you devise&nbsp; a plan to action these and see results&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<h2>Our humble expectations</h2>
<ul>
<li>Experience in a grocery retail, key account management/consulting environment with a proven track record of delivering results.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Experience in category management.</li>
<li>Strong communication skills and experience negotiating with internal and external stakeholders.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Strong analytical skills.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Ability to think both strategically and operationally with an eye for detail.</li>
<li>Full professional proficiency in English and in a relevant local language.</li>
<li>Excellent skills in G Suite or MS Office (MS Word, MS Excel).&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<h2>Next steps</h2>
<p>If you are excited about working in a high-growth environment, taking ownership, and being part of an extremely ambitious team redefining grocery shopping, then click below to apply and get the conversation going!</p>
<p>We will be reviewing applications on an on-going basis, so if this sounds like an opportunity you want to pursue, apply and submit your English CV/resume today!</p>
<p><iframe src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/T10nqKEgkmE" width="560" height="314"></iframe></p>
<h2>Compensation</h2>
<p>The successful candidate’s starting pay will fall within the pay range listed below and is determined based on factors such as the candidate’s skills, experience and qualifications. Please note, that the starting pay may vary if the candidate does not fully meet the expectations as outlined in this job posting.&nbsp;</p>
<p>The salary below is the monthly salary range for this position.&nbsp;</p>
<p>To learn more about our benefits, please do not hesitate to bring this up with our Talent Acquisition Partner!</p><div class="content-pay-transparency"><div class="pay-input"><div class="title">Slovakia Pay Range:</div><div class="pay-range"><span>€2.497</span><span class="divider">&mdash;</span><span>€3.568 EUR</span></div></div></div><div class="content-conclusion"><h2><span data-sheets-root="1">Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion</span></h2>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">We’re committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. That’s why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.</span></p></div>