Are you interested in joining a group of highly talented engineers working on a open source project that is solving challenging problems across big data analytics, machine learning and artificial intelligence? As customers continuously push the envelope for ways to extract value from data, Alluxio is driving innovation in data access and management for large scale distributed systems. Alluxio (a.k.a Tachyon Nexus) a project from [AMPLab](https://amplab.cs.berkeley.edu/software/) like Apache Spark and Mesos is charging full steam to help customers navigate the digital transformation. . The Alluxio team includes leaders, innovators, explorers, and risk-takers with extensive industry experience from top tech companies including Google, Palantir and VMWare and alumni from top computer science programs including CMU, Stanford and UC Berkeley. The company is backed by Andreessen-Horowitz and has been named as [top 10 hot startups for 2018](https://www.crn.com/slide-shows/data-center/300106231/the-10-hottest-data-storage-startups-of-2018-so-far.htm/pgno/0/1).

As a distributed systems engineer at Alluxio you will be responsible for evolving the state-of-the-art Alluxio ( also knows as Tachyon Nexus earlier) project. The work would involve solving challenging problems in the area of Distributed Data Services, Memory and data structure efficiency, Thread concurrency and locking optimizations, process coordination

and caching policies and implementation. The role would include developing innovative solutions for scaling systems to thousands of node and providing Data Durability and High Availability.

## Minimum Qualifications

- BS degree in Computer Science, similar technical field of study or equivalent practical experience.
- Software development experience in one or more general purpose programming languages including but not limited to: Java, C/C++, or Go.
- Experience working with two or more from the following is a must: distributed and parallel systems, distributed storage systems, architecting large scale software systems, and/or security software development.
- Excellent analytical and problem solving skills.
- Working proficiency and communication skills in verbal and written English.

## Preferred Qualifications

- Master’s, PhD degree, further education or equivalent practical experience in engineering, computer science or other technical related field.
- Experience designing, developing, and deploying Kubernetes applications.
- Proficiency in one or more general purpose programming languages including but not limited to: Java, C/C++, or Go.
- Interest and ability to learn other coding languages as needed.
- Experience contributing to and/or maintaining an open source project.
- Ability and desire to work in a fast paced, collaborative and iterative programming environment.
- Contributed or contributing to Alluxio.