<div class="content-intro"><p><strong data-stringify-type="bold">Why work at Nebius<br></strong>Nebius is leading a new era in cloud computing to serve the global AI economy. We create the tools and resources our customers need to solve real-world challenges and transform industries, without massive infrastructure costs or the need to build large in-house AI/ML teams. Our employees work at the cutting edge of AI cloud infrastructure alongside some of the most experienced and innovative leaders and engineers in the field.</p>
<p><strong>Where we work<br></strong>Headquartered in Amsterdam and listed on Nasdaq, Nebius has a global footprint with R&amp;D hubs across Europe, North America, and Israel. The team of over 1400 employees includes more than 400 highly skilled engineers with deep expertise across hardware and software engineering, as well as an in-house AI R&amp;D team.</p></div><h3><span data-contrast="auto">The role</span></h3>
<p><span data-ccp-props="{&quot;201341983&quot;:0,&quot;335559740&quot;:276}">We’re looking for a Backend Engineer to contribute to the development of our hyperscaler platform.</span></p>
<p><strong><span data-ccp-props="{&quot;335559685&quot;:720,&quot;335559991&quot;:360}"><span class="TextRun MacChromeBold SCXW95146830 BCX0" lang="EN-US" data-contrast="auto"><span class="NormalTextRun SCXW95146830 BCX0" data-ccp-charstyle="Strong">Your responsibilities will include:</span></span> </span></strong></p>
<p>Develop fault-tolerant, reliable cloud services: cloud infrastructure, managed databases, managed Kubernetes, billing, monitoring systems, ML service and more.</p>
<p><strong><span data-contrast="auto"><span data-ccp-charstyle="Strong">We expect you to have:</span></span></strong><span data-ccp-props="{&quot;134233117&quot;:true,&quot;134233118&quot;:true}">&nbsp;</span></p>
<ul>
<li data-start="110" data-end="169">5+ years of professional software engineering experience;</li>
<li data-start="110" data-end="169">Knowledge of C++ programming language;</li>
<li data-start="110" data-end="169">Knowledge of Python, Java, and Go is a plus;</li>
<li data-start="110" data-end="169">Ability to write reliable code and dig into complex problems;</li>
<li data-start="110" data-end="169">Teamwork-oriented approach;</li>
<li data-start="110" data-end="169">Fluency in English.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong><span data-contrast="auto">Nice to have:</span></strong></p>
<p>Experience designing high-load and scaling services.</p>
<p><span data-ccp-props="{}"><em data-stringify-type="italic">We conduct coding interviews as part of the process.</em></span></p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>What we offer</strong>&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>Competitive salary and comprehensive benefits package.</li>
<li>Opportunities for professional growth within Nebius.</li>
<li>Flexible working arrangements.</li>
<li>A dynamic and collaborative work environment that values initiative and innovation.</li>
</ul>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">We’re growing and expanding our products every day. If you’re up to the challenge and are excited about AI and ML as much as we are, join us!</span></p></div>