<div class="content-intro"><h2><span data-sheets-root="1">About Wolt</span></h2>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">At Wolt, we create technology that brings joy, simplicity and earnings to the neighborhoods of the world. In 2014 we started with delivery of restaurant food. Now we’re building the delivery of (almost) everything and you’ll find us in over 500 cities in 30 countries around the world. In 2022 we joined forces with DoorDash and together we keep on dreaming big and expanding across the globe.<br><br>Working at Wolt isn’t always easy, but it’s definitely exciting. Here you’ll learn more, build more, and ship more than in most other companies. You’ll be challenged a lot, but also have a lot of fun on the way. So, if you’re a self-starter with drive and entrepreneurial spirit, this could be the ride of your life.</span></p></div><p><em>Are you a team player with great communication skills? Do you enjoy working in a dynamic environment?&nbsp;If your answer is yes - then read further! &nbsp;</em></p>
<p>We're currently looking for <u>full-time</u> Support Associates to join our team in Thessaloniki! In our Support team there is no typical day, and to be successful in Support Associate role you will need to be self-motivated, creative and have excellent interpersonal and relationship-building skills to be able to support our customers, restaurants and courier partners. Our operation is running seven days a week so this role also requires you to be able to work on weekends.</p>
<p><strong><em>Please note that this is an on-site position for candidates based in Thessaloniki. :)&nbsp;</em></strong><br><br>If the points below sound exciting, we look forward to hearing from you!<br><br><strong>Customer Obsessed</strong>: At Wolt, our Support team knows that customer interactions serve a larger purpose than simply fixing problems; our mission is to provide customers with an out of this world and memorable experience, every time.<br><br><strong>Team Oriented</strong>: Work with a diverse team of fellow Support Associates and liaise with our other Operations and Product team members to communicate any problems, bugs or other issues that may arise.&nbsp;<br><br><strong>Communication</strong>: Fluidly and fluently communicate with our courier partners, customers, and merchants and adjust your tone to your audience.<br><br><strong>Personal Touch</strong>: We’re not afraid to play up the playfulness in our interactions, so creativity is a must!&nbsp;<br><br><strong>Attitude</strong>: Take ownership beyond the obvious.</p>
<h2><strong>What you'll be doing</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Handling our 24/7 customer, venue partner and courier partner support together with the team.</li>
<li>Communicating with customers via the chat or over the phone using a Wolt tone of voice and adapting to the customers tone.</li>
<li>Simply and clearly responding to questions and queries from our customers, venue partners and courier partners, finding solutions to exceed their expectations.</li>
<li>Developing our customer, venue partner and courier partner support together with the team.</li>
</ul>
<h2>Our humble expectations</h2>
<ul>
<li>It's a shift-based role, so you are able to work during mornings, nights and weekends (40 hours per week) - we are open 7 days a week.</li>
<li>You already have experience in a customer-facing role or logistics role and you're excited to join our award winning Support&nbsp;team.</li>
<li>You are a fast learner and attentive to both small details and the bigger picture.</li>
<li>Multitasking is your strong suit and you’re prepared to manage multiple incoming interactions simultaneously and effortlessly determine which take priority.</li>
<li>You're an expert when it comes to Thessaloniki's food scene, traffic patterns, and the different areas of your city.</li>
<li>You have a can-do attitude and are ready to roll up your sleeves and get to work in a fast-paced startup environment.</li>
<li>Fluency&nbsp;in Greek and ability&nbsp;to work in English is required.</li>
</ul>
<h2>Next steps</h2>
<p>If you are excited about working in a high growth environment, taking ownership and being part of an extremely high performing team, we’d love to hear from you!&nbsp;</p>
<p>We will be reviewing applications on an on-going basis, so send through your application ASAP&nbsp;:)</p>
<p><iframe src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/dob25eOXkyA" width="560" height="314"></iframe></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p><div class="content-conclusion"><h2><span data-sheets-root="1">Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion</span></h2>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">We’re committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. That’s why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.</span></p></div>