<p>
  <strong>Headquarters:</strong> United States
</p>

<div class="content"><div class="section-wrapper page-full-width"><div class="section page-centered"><div>Crypto.com is on a mission to accelerate the world’s transition to cryptocurrency. As we continue to scale our Exchange and Crypto.com App (spot trading) we’re hiring a Product Marketing Manager to lead on our go-to-market strategy, lifecycle initiatives, and product positioning that fuel global user growth and engagement as we expand.</div><div><br></div><div>This role sits at the intersection of product, data, and creative execution: ideal for a strategic marketer who thrives in fast-paced, high-ownership environments. You’ll work in close collaboration with product managers and growth to align feature rollouts, growth campaigns, and user insights into compelling narratives that resonate across geographies and user segments.</div><div><br></div><div><br></div><div><br></div><div><br></div><div>1. Strategy &amp; Positioning</div><div>- Partner up with product and strategy teams to own the roadmap for the Exchange vertical.</div><div>- Develop value propositions that differentiate our platform in a competitive global market.</div><div>- Partner with data, analytics and product to define user personas (e.g. retail traders, crypto newcomers, high-frequency traders) and map tailored journeys for each.</div><div>- Lead on creative/copy positioning and brief submission for growth teams to deliver impactful and localized campaigns.</div><div>- Work closely with product managers to align on roadmap priorities and customer feedback loops.</div><div><br></div><div><br></div><div>2. Launch Execution</div><div>- Partner up with the product team to manage the&nbsp; go-to-market planning for feature launches.</div><div>- Conceptualize integrated marketing campaigns across in-app, email, web, social, and earned media for UA to execute.</div><div>- Partner with marketing, growth and product teams to ensure campaigns are timely, scalable, and data-informed.</div><div>- Coordinate with local market teams and growth to adapt messaging for region-specific rollouts: localization across product messaging, local behavior and competitive landscape.</div><div><br></div><div><br></div><div>3. Customer Insights &amp; Market Intelligence</div><div>- Analyze market trends and conduct competitive benchmarking to identify opportunities and threats.</div><div>-Run user interviews, feedback loops, and surveys to understand pain points and improve UX/messaging.</div><div>- Feed findings back into product and growth teams to inform prioritization and positioning.</div><div><br></div><div><br></div><div>4. Growth &amp; Retention</div><div>- Design lifecycle programs that drive user activation, trading volume, and long-term retention.</div><div>- Conceptualize&nbsp; promotions, streaks, and incentive programs that reward engagement and boost retention.</div><div>- Work with data, analytics and product teams to identify drop-off points and optimize onboarding and reactivation flows.</div><div><br></div><div><br></div><div>5. Performance &amp; Reporting</div><div>- Work with Growth and Product to define KPIs across funnel metrics, retention, and campaign impact.</div><div>- Report using tools like GA4, Tableau, Mix panel: work closely with analytics and product to iterate quickly.</div><div><br></div></div><div class="section page-centered"><div><h3>Requirements</h3><ul class="posting-requirements plain-list"><ul><li>3 to 5 years of experience in product marketing: ideally crypto background</li><li>Proven success launching and scaling B2C products or platforms and growing adoption and revenue sustainably</li><li>Excellent communication and copywriting skills: you can simplify complex ideas and tell stories that convert</li><li>Highly collaborative, with experience working cross-functionally in fast-paced environments. Bias to action</li><li>Analytical mindset with proficiency in marketing analytics and user research</li><li>Experience in regulated industries or financial services is a plus</li><li>Bonus: Crypto native or familiarity with community-led growth</li></ul></ul></div></div><div class="section page-centered"><div>$120,000 - $168,000 a year</div></div><div class="section page-centered"><div><b>Life @ <a href="http://Crypto.com">Crypto.com</a></b></div><div><span>Empowered to think big. Try new opportunities while working with a talented, ambitious and supportive team.</span></div><div><span>Transformational and proactive working environment. Empower employees to find thoughtful and innovative solutions.</span></div><div><span>Growth from within. We help to develop new skill-sets that would impact the shaping of your personal and professional growth.</span></div><div><span>Work Culture. Our colleagues are some of the best in the industry; we are all here to help and support one another.</span></div><div><span>One cohesive team. Engage stakeholders to achieve our ultimate goal - Cryptocurrency in every wallet.&nbsp;</span></div><div><span>Work Flexibility Adoption. Flexi-work hour and hybrid or remote set-up</span></div><div><span>Aspire career alternatives through us - our internal mobility program offers employees a new scope.&nbsp;&nbsp;</span></div><div><br></div><div><i><b>Are you ready to kickstart your future with us?&nbsp;</b></i></div><div><br></div><div><b>Benefits</b></div><div><span>Competitive salary</span></div><div><span>Attractive annual leave entitlement including: birthday, work anniversary</span></div><div><span>401(k) plan with employer match</span></div><div><span>Eligible for company-sponsored group health, dental, vision, and life/disability insurance</span></div><div><span>Work Flexibility Adoption. Flexi-work hour and hybrid or remote set-up</span></div><div><span>Aspire career alternatives through us. Our internal mobility program can offer employees a diverse scope.&nbsp;&nbsp;</span></div><div><br></div><div><span>Our Crypto.com benefits packages vary depending on region requirements, you can learn more from our talent acquisition team.</span></div><div><br></div><div><br></div><div><b>About </b><b><a href="http://crypto.com/">Crypto.com</a></b><b>:</b></div><div><span>Founded in 2016, Crypto.com serves more than 150 million customers and is the world's fastest growing global cryptocurrency platform. Our vision is simple: Cryptocurrency in Every Wallet™. Built on a foundation of security, privacy, and compliance, Crypto.com is committed to accelerating the adoption of cryptocurrency through innovation and empowering the next generation of builders, creators, and entrepreneurs to develop a fairer and more equitable digital ecosystem.</span></div><div><br></div><div><span>Learn more at </span><a href="https://crypto.com/"><span>https://crypto.com</span></a><span>.&nbsp;</span></div><div><br></div><div><span>Crypto.com&nbsp;is an equal opportunities employer and we are committed to creating an environment where opportunities are presented to everyone in a fair and transparent way.&nbsp;</span><a href="http://crypto.com/">Crypto.com</a><span>&nbsp;values diversity and inclusion, seeking candidates with a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, and skills that complement and strengthen our team.</span></div><div><br></div><div><span>Personal data provided by applicants will be used for recruitment purposes only.</span></div><div><br></div><div><span>Please note that only shortlisted candidates will be contacted.</span></div></div><div class="section page-centered"><div class="text-small italic text-gray-700">We may use artificial intelligence tools to analyze the content of your Resume/CV against the specific requirements for the position. The purpose is to support our recruitment team in reviewing applications more effectively. These tools assist our recruitment team in their evaluation of your application by providing recommendations, but they do not replace human judgment. Final hiring decisions are ultimately made by humans who consider the insights generated by the tools along with other relevant information. If you would like more details about how your personal information is processed, please contact us.</div></div></div></div>

<p><strong>To apply:</strong> <a href="https://weworkremotely.com/remote-jobs/crypto-com-product-marketing-manager-exchange-product">https://weworkremotely.com/remote-jobs/crypto-com-product-marketing-manager-exchange-product</a></p>