In the cloud, every second counts. On the leading edge of security, Sysdig stops attacks in real-time by instantly detecting changes in cloud security risk with runtime insights and [open source](https://sysdig.com/opensource) Falco. Trusted by a large enterprise customer base, we are a well-funded startup, passionate open source enthusiasts at heart, and problem-solvers who are building and delivering powerful solutions to secure cloud-native applications.

We have an organizational focus on delivering value to customers. We appreciate diverse opinions and open dialogue to spur ideas and we believe in working together to achieve our goals. We're an international company that understands how to cultivate an inclusive environment across all teams.

And we're a great place to work too - we've been named a "Best Places to Work" by Inc, the San Francisco Business Time, and Built In, with recognitions ranging from "Best Benefits" to a "Best Company for Happiness".

We are looking for driven team members who want to join us on our mission to lead cloud security globally. Does this sound like the right place for you?

## What you will do:

- Reporting to our Regional Sales Director you will implement sales plans for your assigned territory by forecasting and exceeding quota
- Through a combination of inbound and outbound leads, you will manage a high-velocity, SaaS funnel
- You will manage opportunities through CRM and other supporting tools
- You will collaborate on and improve the sales cycle, including product, support, and sales engineering
- You will work with and promote Partner ecosystemConvey Sysdig main value drivers and differentiators to prospects and customers
- Understand the competitive market, being familiar with competing companies and their offerings

## What you will bring with you:

- 7 - 10 years of IT Enterprise Sales experience, with a focus on security-related deals — including SaaS security, cloud security, Kubernetes/containers, open source, and APM

  Track record overachieving sales targets
- Ability to learn new products and processes quickly

  Team player
- Must be willing to travel to clients to support sales relationships (if required)
- Work with multiple sources of pipelines, including LDR, SDR, ISR and Channels
- Cross collaborate with Marketing, Customer Success and other departments
- Ability to bring a C level network to the table and have C level conversations (CISO)

## What we look for:

- SaaS sales experience
- Track records of hunting new business opportunities in greenfield territories
- MEDDPICC experience and Challenger sales experience

## When you join Sysdig, you can expect:

- Extra days off to prioritize your well-being
- Mental health support for you and your family through the Modern Health app
- Great compensation package

We would love for you to join us! Please reach out even if your experience doesn't perfectly match the job description. We can always explore other options after starting the conversation. Your background and passion will set you apart, especially if your career path is different.

Some of our Hiring Managers are globally distributed, an English version of your CV will be appreciated.

*Sysdig values a diverse workplace and encourages women, people of color, LGBTQIA+ individuals, people with disabilities, members of ethnic minorities, foreign-born residents, and veterans to apply. Sysdig is an equal-opportunity employer. Sysdig does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity, or any other legally protected status.*

*#LI-MC1*

*#LI-Remote*