<h2><strong>Who we are</strong></h2>
<h3><strong>About Stripe</strong></h3>
<p>Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies—from the world’s largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyone’s reach while doing the most important work of your career.</p>
<h3><strong>About the team</strong></h3>
<p>Payments Intelligence is dedicated to simplifying and scaling online payments for merchants. Our primary objective is to maximize payment performance by optimizing conversion rates, minimizing costs, and managing fraud, regardless of whether a merchant processes payments via Stripe. We are responsible for developing products such as Radar, Authorization Boost and Authentication, focusing on the creation of high-performance services and seamless user experiences. By integrating real-time predictions into Stripe’s core infrastructure, we design ML-driven controls that empower users to manage their businesses with precision.</p>
<h2><strong>What you’ll do</strong></h2>
<p>We’re looking for a leader who has a strong background in building successful products as well as passion for leading a team to solve challenging and new problems, as well as developing empathetic partnerships with other Stripe teams to understand their use-cases and unlock new capabilities. You’ll have plenty of opportunities to be hands-on building key systems, and will be directly responsible for the successful delivery of large-scale technical efforts as well acting as a technical mentor and leader for Stripe engineers.</p>
<h3><strong>Responsibilities</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Enable the team to work with a wide range of systems, processes, and technologies to own and solve problems from end-to-end.</li>
<li>Support the engineering team in building experiences for businesses that range from high growth startups to leading global companies providing them with the tools so they can run their business&nbsp;</li>
<li>Collaborate with stakeholders across the organization such as product, design, infrastructure, marketing and operations.</li>
<li>Lead and manage processes to help the team do its best work and engage effectively with the rest of Stripe.</li>
<li>Recruit great engineers, in collaboration with Stripe’s recruiting team</li>
<li>Develop engineers on the team, helping them advance in their careers</li>
<li>Contribute to engineering-wide initiatives as a member of Stripe’s engineering management team.</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Who you are</strong></h2>
<p>We’re looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.</p>
<h3><strong>Minimum requirements</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>At least 5 years of experience managing teams that shipped high-quality products.</li>
<li>An entrepreneurial mindset</li>
<li>Successfully recruited and built great teams.</li>
<li>Works effectively cross-functionally and is able to think rigorously, communicate effectively, and make or coordinate hard decisions and trade-offs.</li>
<li>Thrives with a high degree of autonomy and responsibility in an ambiguous environment.</li>
<li>Technical acumen to drive clarity with staff engineers about architecture and technical strategic decisions.</li>
<li>Encourage a healthy and inclusive work environment that’s both challenging and supportive.</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>Preferred qualifications</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Have experience with financial product companies and interest in financial products and markets.</li>
<li>Strong written and verbal communication skills for different audiences (leadership, users, company-wide).</li>
<li>Strong quantitative and analytical background.</li>
<li>Productively lead distributed teams.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>