<p>We are looking to speak to candidates who are based in Sydney for our hybrid working model.</p>
<h3>About the role</h3>
<p>We’re looking for a driven, results-oriented professional with the passion and initiative to grow our business through strategic partner relationships. The Principal Partner Specialist focuses on executing high-impact Cloud and System Integrators (SI) partner strategies across Australia, developing and nurturing partnerships that open new revenue opportunities. You’ll work closely with leading partners and our sales teams to accelerate deals, expand partner capabilities, and strengthen MongoDB’s presence in this dynamic market.</p>
<h3>What you will be doing</h3>
<ul>
<li>Develop and execute strategic Cloud (i.e., AWS, Microsoft Azure, Google Cloud) and SI Partner strategy across the Australia market, including Local SIs and/or Global SIs (i.e., EY, PwC, KPMG, Infosys, TCS, Wipro, etc.)</li>
<li>Recruit and develop effective partner relationships, resulting in growth opportunities and mutual beneficial partnerships.</li>
<li>Proactively prospect, identify, qualify and develop a sales pipeline through Cloud, Local or Global System Integrators and ISV Partners</li>
<li>Work with our Enterprise Sales team to close business to meet and exceed monthly, quarterly and annual bookings objectives</li>
<li>Lead engagement of Cloud and strategic SI Partners to develop their sales, pre-sales and delivery capabilities in line with our strategy of amplifying partners with capabilities and certifications to deliver for their customers.</li>
<li>Work with cross functional teams including Marketing, Partner Programs, Partner Enablement, Customer Success, Solutions Consulting teams to drive pipeline generations and deal progression.</li>
<li>Participate in our sales enablement trainings, including our comprehensive Sales Bootcamp, sophisticated sales training, and leadership and development programs</li>
</ul>
<h3>What you bring to the table</h3>
<ul>
<li>12+ years of quota-carrying experience generating pipeline and selling through Cloud Partners(CSPs), Global/Local System Integrators(SIs) and ISVs in a heavy sales matrix model</li>
<li>Aligned with MongoDB’s leadership principles and company values</li>
<li>Demonstrated ability to articulate the business value of complex enterprise technology</li>
<li>A track record of overachievement and hitting sales targets.</li>
<li>Skills in building business champions and running a complex sales process</li>
<li>Drive and a competitive nature; possess a strong desire to be successful</li>
<li>Skills in managing time and resources; sound approach to qualifying opportunities</li>
<li>Examples of creating and sustaining differentiated partner relationships</li>
<li>Strong strategic thinking skills, blending consulting and business strategy to create compelling partner initiatives</li>
<li>Ability to adapt to complexity and continuous change; demonstrates strong critical thinking</li>
<li>Aptitude to learn quickly and establish credibility, High EQ and self-aware</li>
</ul>
<h3>Things we love</h3>
<ul>
<li>Passionate about growing your career in the largest market in software (database) and developing and maintaining an in-depth understanding of MongoDB products</li>
<li>Previous Sales Methodology training (e.g. MEDDIC, SPIN, Challenger Sales)</li>
<li>Familiarity with databases, developers and open source technology is a plus</li>
</ul>
<h3>About MongoDB</h3>
<p>MongoDB is built for change, empowering our customers and our people to innovate at the speed of the market. We have redefined the database for the AI era, enabling innovators to create, transform, and disrupt industries with software. MongoDB’s unified database platform—the most widely available, globally distributed database on the market—helps organizations modernize legacy workloads, embrace innovation, and unleash AI. Our cloud-native platform, MongoDB Atlas, is the only globally distributed, multi-cloud database and is available across AWS, Google Cloud, and Microsoft Azure.</p>
<p>With offices worldwide and nearly 60,000 customers—including 75% of the Fortune 100 and AI-native startups—relying on MongoDB for their most important applications, we’re powering the next era of software.</p>
<p>Our compass at MongoDB is our <a href="https://www.mongodb.com/company">Leadership Commitment,</a> guiding how and why we make decisions, show up for each other, and win. It’s what makes us MongoDB.&nbsp;</p>
<p>To drive the personal growth and business impact of our employees, we’re committed to developing a supportive and enriching culture for everyone. <a href="https://www.mongodb.com/company/blog/culture/employee-benefits-that-make-a-difference-at-mongodb">From employee affinity groups, to fertility assistance and a generous parental leave policy</a>, we value our employees’ wellbeing and want to support them along every step of their professional and personal journeys.<a href="https://www.mongodb.com/blog/channel/culture"> Learn more about what it’s like to work at MongoDB</a>, and help us make an impact on the world!</p>
<p>MongoDB is committed to providing any necessary accommodations for individuals with disabilities within our application and interview process. To request an accommodation due to a disability, please inform your recruiter.</p>
<p>MongoDB is an equal opportunities employer.</p>
<table class="fields">
<tbody>
<tr>
<td>Requisition ID</td>
<td data-provides="requisition\_id">1273417993</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>