<div class="content-intro"><p><strong>Secure Every Identity, from AI to Human<br><br></strong>Identity is the key to unlocking the potential of AI. Okta secures AI by building the trusted, neutral infrastructure that enables organizations to safely embrace this new era. This work requires a relentless drive to solve complex challenges with real-world stakes. We are looking for builders and owners who operate with speed and urgency and execute with excellence.<br><br>This is an opportunity to do career-defining work. We're all in on this mission. If you are too, let's talk.</p></div><p>Okta seeks a skilled <strong>NetSuite Developer </strong>to optimize, customize, and maintain our NetSuite ERP system. As part of our Business Technology team, you will be responsible for developing scripts, workflows, integrations, and system enhancements to improve business processes and scalability. This role will report to the Manager in Bangalore, India. We would love to hear from you!</p>
<p><strong>Job Duties and Responsibilities</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Design and implement custom Generative AI solutions using the <strong>SuiteScript Generative AI API</strong> for practical NetSuite use cases</li>
<li>Develop and maintain robust off-platform integration scripts, utilizing <strong>Python</strong> &amp; LangChain and to manage data transfer and interaction between NetSuite (via SuiteTalk or RESTlets) and external AI/ML platforms, particularly for data preprocessing before RAG operations.<a href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/10d-yu7GCwBRLEQ0oZpBTsVZSzdIDMbYcK7FYBq\_rBSI/edit">1</a>..</li>
<li>Closely work with the BT team to design, develop, test, implement &amp; support system solutions primarily in Finance Technology.</li>
<li>Provide technical consultant, best practices, and problem resolution.</li>
<li>Support &amp; resolve production issues</li>
<li>Develop and maintain integrations with third-party applications via REST/SOAP APIs</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>Required Skills:</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>9+ years in <strong>Python</strong> and its libraries (e.g., Pandas, Boto3) for data manipulation, ETL processes, and developing serverless functions to interact with foundational AI services on platforms like <strong>AWS Bedrock</strong>.</li>
<li>Proficiency in NetSuite development experience (<strong>SuiteScript, SuiteFlow, SuiteTalk</strong>).</li>
<li>Experience with SuiteCloud tools, REST/SOAP APIs, and third-party integrations.</li>
<li>Experience with the <strong>SuiteScript Generative AI APIs </strong>to integrate LLM capabilities for advanced scripting solutions.</li>
<li>Strong understanding of NetSuite ERP modules (Order Management, Billing, Vendor bill, etc.).</li>
<li>Proficiency in JavaScript, SQL, and related web technologies</li>
<li>Configure NetSuite modules to align with business needs, including leveraging <strong>Prompt Studio</strong> to customize and manage <strong>NetSuite AI</strong> functions like <strong>Text Enhance</strong>.</li>
<li>Ability to drive and architect solutions with other developers, focusing on maximizing the value of <strong>embedded NetSuite AI</strong> capabilities.</li>
<li>Deep practical experience in <strong>Prompt Engineering</strong> and iterative refinement of prompts within <strong>NetSuite Prompt Studio</strong> to maximize the relevance and accuracy of <strong>NetSuite AI</strong> outputs like <strong>Text Enhance</strong>.<a href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/10d-yu7GCwBRLEQ0oZpBTsVZSzdIDMbYcK7FYBq\_rBSI/edit">1</a></li>
<li>Familiarity with containerization and orchestration tools (e.g., Docker) for deploying Python-based external services that augment NetSuite's capabilities</li>
<li>Experience with ERP like Oracle Fusion Cloud Applications or SAP H4/HANA is a plus.</li>
<li>Nice to have some experience with foundational AI services, including the desire to utilize a unified platform like AWS Bedrock for Generative AI development and deployment</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Education and Certifications</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>A Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or Information Systems or equivalent years of industry experience</li>
<li>NetSuite Administration or ERP consultant certification is an advantage</li>
</ul>
<p>#P22115\_3060755<br>#LI\_Hybrid\_Bengaluru</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong><br>The Okta Experience</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><a href="http://rewards.okta.com">Supporting Your Well-Being</a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="https://www.okta.com/company/okta-for-good/">Driving Social Impact&nbsp;</a></li>
<li><a href="https://www.okta.com/company/talent-connection-community/">Developing Talent and Fostering Connection + Community</a></li>
</ul>
<p>We are intentional about connection. Our global community, spanning over 20 offices worldwide, is united by a drive to innovate. Your journey begins with an immersive, in-person onboarding experience designed to accelerate your impact and connect you to our mission and team from day one.<br><br>Okta is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, marital status, age, physical or mental disability, or status as a protected veteran. We also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and convictions records, consistent with applicable laws.<br><br>If reasonable accommodation is needed to complete any part of the job application, interview process, or onboarding please&nbsp;<a href="https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1EfiEYZrIyhA2X4Fijk0R3RKYOzNoS3wtvyM4nhbZnXE/edit">use this Form</a> to request an accommodation.<br><br>Notice for New York City Applicants &amp; Employees: Okta may use Automated Employment Decision Tools (AEDT), as defined by New York City Local Law 144, that use artificial intelligence, machine learning, or other automated processes to assist in our recruitment and hiring process. In accordance with NYC Local Law 144, if you are an applicant or employee residing in New York City, please&nbsp;<a href="https://talent.okta.com/new-york-city-aedt-notice.html">click here</a> to view our full NYC AEDT Notice.<br><br>Okta is committed to complying with applicable data privacy and security laws and regulations. For more information, please see our Personnel and Job Candidate Privacy Notice at&nbsp;<a href="https://www.okta.com/legal/personnel-policy/">https://www.okta.com/legal/personnel-policy/</a>.</p></div>