<p>With our growing customer base and our expansion into new markets and use cases, we have more to build than ever at Affinity as we execute on our vision to put relationship intelligence at every professional's fingertips.</p>
<p>As a <strong>Senior Software Engineer</strong>&nbsp;in the <strong>Identity</strong> <strong>Access Management &amp; Integrations Team</strong>, you'll have the opportunity to push our product and platform in new directions while also shaping the next iterations of the features our customers already love. You will be one of our first team members in our <strong>brand-new Barcelona office</strong>. You'll help drive the technical roadmap and implementation of our Internal and External API layers, our 3rd party integration platform and access management systems.</p>
<p>We’re looking for a high-velocity engineer who thrives in dynamic environments—someone who can rapidly prototype end-to-end solutions, iterate quickly, and deliver measurable customer impact. From high-performing APIs to backend algorithms, integration frameworks, to guaranteeing data privacy with access management rules, you'll hone your skills across multiple domains while helping to drive forward the Affinity product and vision.</p>
<p><strong>Location: Barcelona, Spain</strong></p>
<p><em>For this role, we're embracing a hub-hybrid model, designed to balance flexibility with meaningful in-person collaboration. Team members are expected in-office 2-days per week. We believe great things happen when people come together intentionally to connect, create, and build momentum as a team.</em></p>
<p><strong>In this role, you will:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Own product areas that are essential to the success of our customers and our business.</li>
<li>Collaborate with world-class engineering, product, and design teams. You'll have the opportunity to learn from a wide variety of experiences and, of course, to share your own.</li>
<li>Drive the technical best practices for our APIs, integrations and IAM systems that allow our platform to exceed its performance goals and customers expectations.</li>
<li>Mentor other engineers to uplevel them individually and the team as a whole.</li>
<li>Promote operational excellence with focus on high reliability, performance, and scalability</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Qualifications:</strong></p>
<p>Don’t meet every single requirement? Studies have shown that women and people of color are less likely to apply to jobs unless they meet every qualification. At Affinity, we are dedicated to building a diverse, inclusive, and authentic workplace, so if you’re excited about this role, but your past experience doesn’t perfectly align with the qualifications above, we encourage you to apply anyways. You may be just the right candidate for this or other roles.</p>
<ul>
<li>You have 5+ years of experience in software engineering, with at least 2+ years of experience as a senior member of a team delivering end-to-end systems.</li>
<li>You’ve worked with a variety of web APIs and developed backend services using modern OOP practices.</li>
<li>You have a strong understanding of relational databases and the ability to diagnose performance bottlenecks at the database layer.</li>
<li>You’re comfortable troubleshooting across network, application, caching, queuing, and storage layers</li>
<li>You've helped your teams solve high-scale challenges, integrate systems, or develop business intelligence platforms.</li>
<li>You communicate nuanced ideas clearly, whether you're explaining technical decisions in writing or brainstorming in real time.</li>
<li>You demonstrate strong ownership instincts and sweat the details.</li>
<li>You’re excited to work on a cross-functional team, partnering with product stakeholders, other teams, and subject matter experts</li>
<li>Language requirements: Proficient in English</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Tech stack</strong></p>
<p>Our systems are built in Ruby on Rails, PostgreSQL and Redis on the backend, and Typescript and React in the frontend. Our infrastructure is hosted by AWS and runs on Kubernetes. However, this role is more heavily focused on backend development, but will have some frontend development initiatives.</p>
<p>At Affinity, we may use artificial intelligence (AI) tools as part of our recruitment process to help screen and evaluate candidate applications. While AI assists our hiring team in managing applications efficiently, it never replaces decisions made by real people. We are committed to fair and transparent hiring practices, and our AI tools are regularly monitored to ensure they support—not replace—human judgment.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>What you'll enjoy at Affinity:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><strong>We live our values:</strong>&nbsp;As owners, we take pride in everything we do. We embrace a growth mindset, engage in respectful candor, act as playmakers, and "taste the soup" by diving deep into experiences to create the best outcomes for our colleagues and clients.</li>
<li><strong>Health Benefits:</strong> Comprehensive health insurance for both you and your family.</li>
<li><strong>Learning &amp; Development:</strong> We provide an annual education budget and a comprehensive L&amp;D program.</li>
<li><span style="margin: 0px; padding: 0px;"><strong>Wellness Support:</strong>&nbsp; We provide a monthly budget for wellness memberships/equipment to support your overall health and happiness.</span></li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>About Affinity</strong></p>
<p>With more than 3,000 customers worldwide and backed by some of Silicon Valley's best firms, Affinity has raised $120M to empower dealmakers to find, manage, and close more deals. How? Our Relationship Intelligence platform uses the wealth of data exhaust from trillions of interactions between Investment Bankers, Venture Capitalists, Consultants, and other strategic dealmakers to deliver automated relationship insights that drive over 450,000 deals every month.&nbsp;We are are proud to have received Inc. and Fortune Best Workplaces awards as well as to be Great Places to Work certified for the last 5 years running. Join us on our mission to make it possible for anyone to cultivate and fully harness their network to succeed.</p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;"><strong>We use E-Verify</strong></span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Our company uses E-Verify to confirm the employment eligibility of all newly hired employees. To learn more about E-Verify, including your rights and responsibilities, please visit <a class="c-link" href="http://www.dhs.gov/E-Verify" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="http://www.dhs.gov/E-Verify" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">www.dhs.gov/E-Verify</a>.</span></p></div>