<div class="content-intro"><p><strong>COMPANY OVERVIEW</strong></p>
<p>KKR is a leading global investment firm that offers alternative asset management as well as capital markets and insurance solutions. KKR aims to generate attractive investment returns by following a patient and disciplined investment approach, employing world-class people, and supporting growth in its portfolio companies and communities. KKR sponsors investment funds that invest in private equity, credit and real assets and has strategic partners that manage hedge funds. KKR’s insurance subsidiaries offer retirement, life and reinsurance products under the management of Global Atlantic Financial Group. References to KKR’s investments may include the activities of its sponsored funds and insurance subsidiaries.</p></div><p><strong>KKR's Gurugram</strong> office provides best in class services and solutions to our internal stakeholders and clients, drives organization wide process efficiency and transformation, and reflects KKR's global culture and values of teamwork and innovation. The office contains multifunctional business capabilities and is integral in furthering the growth and transformation of KKR.</p>
<p><strong>TEAM OVERVIEW</strong><br>The Global Treasury team manages liquidity, funding, and banking relationships across regions and business lines. The team partners closely with internal and external stakeholders to ensure financial control, operational efficiency, and compliance while driving automation, integration, and continuous improvement across the firm’s global treasury infrastructure.</p>
<p><strong>POSITION SUMMARY</strong><br>The role is responsible for supporting core treasury operations, ensuring accuracy, control, and efficiency across global processes while collaborating with internal stakeholders and external banking partners. This position offers exposure to global teams and</p>
<p><strong>QUALIFICATIONS</strong></p>
<p>• &nbsp; &nbsp;Master’s degree in Finance, Accounting, or related discipline; professional certification (e.g., CTP, CFA, CA, CPA) preferred.<br>•&nbsp; &nbsp; 7-9 years of experience in treasury or financial operations within a global financial institution or asset manager.<br>• &nbsp; &nbsp;Proven experience managing global processes or projects.<br>• &nbsp; &nbsp;Strong understanding of treasury workflows, and risk control frameworks.<br>• &nbsp; &nbsp;Experience with systems and tools such as Coupa, Workiva, Hazeltree, Smartsheet, and Excel.<br>• &nbsp; &nbsp;Demonstrated success driving automation, process transformation, or system integration&nbsp;</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p></p>
<p><strong>PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS</strong></p>
<p>• &nbsp; &nbsp;Strong mindset to pursue excellence through working together and building relationships across teams and functions.<br>• &nbsp; &nbsp;Collaborative with a bend of bringing people together to solve problems.<br>• &nbsp; &nbsp;Biased for action with an eye to identify improvement / value creation / risk mitigation opportunities and deliver results.<br>• &nbsp; &nbsp;Exceptional communication, stakeholder management, and influencing skills across levels.<br>• &nbsp; &nbsp;Ability to work across time zones with a global mindset, balancing strategic priorities with operational rigor.<br>• &nbsp; &nbsp;High integrity, intellectual curiosity, and a proactive approach to problem-solving.</p>
<p></p><div class="content-conclusion"><p>KKR is an equal opportunity employer.&nbsp; Individuals seeking employment are considered without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, veteran status, sexual orientation, or any other category protected by applicable law.</p>
<p>KKR will provide reasonable accommodations as required by applicable federal, state, and/or local laws. Individuals seeking an accommodation for the application or interview process should email&nbsp;<a href="mailto:Benefits@kkr.com">Benefits@kkr.com</a>. Emails sent for unrelated issues, such as following up on an application, will not receive a response.</p>
<p>If you are a qualified individual with a disability or a disabled veteran, you may request a reasonable accommodation if you are unable or limited in your ability to use or access&nbsp;<a href="https://www.kkr.com/careers" data-saferedirecturl="https://www.google.com/url?q=https://www.kkr.com/careers&amp;source=gmail&amp;ust=1774021690220000&amp;usg=AOvVaw1AG2WRszai8PfCsE-FH5EJ">https://www.kkr.com/careers</a>&nbsp;because of your disability. You can request reasonable accommodations by sending an email to&nbsp;<a href="mailto:Benefits@kkr.com">Benefits@kkr.com</a>. Only emails left for this purpose will be returned.</p>
<p><strong>Massachusetts Applicants:</strong>&nbsp;It is unlawful in Massachusetts to require or administer a lie detector test as a condition of employment or continued employment. An employer who violates this law shall be subject to criminal penalties and civil liability. This notice&nbsp;applies only&nbsp;to applicants and employees who work or will work in Massachusetts, in accordance with applicable state law.</p></div>