<div class="content-intro"><p><strong><em>🚀 We’re on a mission to make money work for everyone.</em></strong></p>
<p>We’re waving goodbye to the complicated and confusing ways of traditional banking.</p>
<p>After starting as a prepaid card, our product offering has grown a lot in the last 10 years in the UK. As well as&nbsp;<a href="https://monzo.com/current-account/personal">personal</a> and <a href="https://monzo.com/business-banking">business</a> bank accounts, we offer <a href="https://monzo.com/current-account/joint-account">joint accounts</a>, <a href="https://monzo.com/current-account/16-17">accounts for 16-17 year olds</a>, a <a href="https://monzo.com/current-account/under-16s">free kids account</a> and <a href="https://monzo.com/flex">credit cards</a> in the UK, with more exciting things to come beyond. Our UK customers can also <a href="https://monzo.com/savings">save</a>, <a href="https://monzo.com/investments">invest </a>and&nbsp;<a href="https://monzo.com/pensions">combine their pensions</a> with us.&nbsp;</p>
<p>With our hot coral cards and get-paid-early feature, combined with financial education on social media and our award winning customer service, we have a long history of creating magical moments for our customers!</p>
<p>We’re not about selling products - we want to solve problems and change lives through Monzo ❤️</p>
<hr>
<p>&nbsp;</p></div><h4><strong>📍London | UK remote | 💰 £80,000 to £95,000 + Incentive Awards tied to your performance +</strong><a href="https://monzo.com/careers/#benefits"><strong> Benefits</strong></a><strong> |</strong><a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U62l09nB0M4"><strong> </strong><strong>Hear from the team</strong></a></h4>
<h4><strong>About our Data Science Team:</strong></h4>
<p>We're looking for a Senior Marketing Data Scientist excited to help build the bank of the future. You'll have the opportunity to super charge our marketing strategy in 2025 and help us to build a bank that customers truly love.</p>
<p>At Monzo, we're building a bank that is fair, transparent and a delight to use. We’re growing extremely fast and have over 11 million customers in the UK. We’ve built a product that people love and more than 80% of our growth comes from word of mouth and referrals.</p>
<p><em>Enable Monzo to Make Better Decisions, Faster</em></p>
<p>We have a strong culture of data-driven decision making across the whole company. And we're great believers in powerful, real-time analytics and empowerment of the wider business. All our data lives in one place and is super easy to use. 90% of day-to-day data-driven decisions are covered by self-serve analytics through Looker which gives data scientists the head space to focus on more impactful business questions and analyses.</p>
<p><strong>How we hire</strong></p>
<p>We are excited to be expanding and are hiring for multiple roles across our Data Science teams! Whether your interests lie in Marketing, Borrowing, Growth, Payments, Fincrime, Wealth, or Core, we are looking for talented individuals with a versatile skill set to contribute across our squads. This role is within our Marketing function within Growth.&nbsp; Join us and be part of shaping our future!</p>
<h4><strong>What you’ll be working on&nbsp;</strong></h4>
<p>You will work together with other data scientists, analysts and analytics engineers as well as marketing managers on powering our marketing function within Growth. Our key goal is increasing volume and value.</p>
<h4><strong>Your day-to-day&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;</strong></h4>
<ul>
<li>Applying your expertise in marketing analytics, data mining, and the presentation of data to see beyond the numbers and understand how our users interact with our marketing campaigns and how those insights can inform our marketing strategy</li>
<li>Guide and enable the performance marketing and brand team to measure things that matter; initiate or help run geo-lift experiments to keep improving everything we do</li>
<li>Build and apply our marketing measurement and forecasting solutions to optimise and drive growth.</li>
<li>Drive together with the finance team a unified company-wide understanding of the lifetime value of our new users and how different marketing campaigns are impacting user profitability</li>
<li>Liaise with engineers to keep making sure we collect the right marketing measurement data to produce relevant business insights</li>
</ul>
<h4><strong>You should apply if:</strong></h4>
<p>What we’re doing here at Monzo excites you!</p>
<ul>
<li>You’re passionate about marketing science and understand the causal impact marketing campaigns can have</li>
<li>You're <em>impact driven</em> and eager to have a real positive impact on the company, product, users and very importantly your colleagues as well</li>
<li>You're <em>commercially minded</em> and can put numbers into business perspective</li>
<li>You’re as comfortable <em>getting hands-on</em> as taking a step back and <em>thinking strategically</em></li>
<li>You have a <em>self-starter mindset;</em> you proactively identify issues and opportunities and tackle them without being told to do so</li>
<li>You're a <em>team player</em> whom your colleagues can rely on</li>
<li>You have <em>solid grounding in SQL</em> and preferably Python</li>
<li>You have experience in conducting large scale geo-lift or A/B experiments</li>
</ul>
<h4><strong>The Interview Process:</strong></h4>
<p>Our interview process involves three main stages:&nbsp;</p>
<ol>
<li>Recruiter Call</li>
<li>Initial Call&nbsp;</li>
<li>Technical Interview</li>
<li>Final Interview including a case study and collaboration interview&nbsp;</li>
</ol>
<p>Our average process takes around 2-3 weeks but we will always work around your availability.&nbsp;</p>
<p>You will have the chance to speak to our recruitment team at various points during your process.</p>
<h4><strong>What’s in it for you:</strong></h4>
<p><strong>💰 </strong>£80,000 to £90,000 + Incentive Awards tied to your performance + Benefits</p>
<p>✈️ We can help you relocate to the UK&nbsp;</p>
<p>✅ We can sponsor visas&nbsp;</p>
<p>📍This role can be based in our London office, but we're open to distributed working within the UK (with ad hoc meetings in London).</p>
<p>⏰ We offer flexible working hours and trust you to work enough hours to do your job well, at times that suit you and your team.</p>
<p>📚Learning budget of £1,000 a year for books, training courses and conferences</p>
<p>➕And much more, see our full list of benefits<a href="https://monzo.com/careers/"> <strong>here</strong></a></p>
<p>If you prefer to work part-time, we'll make this happen whenever we can - whether this is to help you meet other commitments or strike a great work-life balance.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>#LI-NB2 #LI-Remote</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p><div class="content-conclusion"><hr>
<p><strong>Equal opportunities for everyone</strong></p>
<p>Diversity and inclusion are a priority for us and we’re making sure we have lots of support for all of our people to grow at Monzo. At Monzo, we’re embracing diversity by fostering an inclusive environment for all people to do the best work of their lives with us. This is integral to our mission of making money work for everyone. You can read more in our <a href="https://monzo.com/blog/diversity-and-inclusion">blog</a>, 2024 <a href="https://monzo.com/blog/our-2024-diversity-and-inclusion-report" target="\_blank">Diversity and Inclusion Report</a> and 2024 <a href="https://monzo.com/blog/an-update-on-our-gender-pay-gap-2024">Gender Pay Gap Report.</a></p>
<p>We’re an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be considered for employment without attention to age, ethnicity, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, family or parental status, national origin, or veteran, neurodiversity or disability status.</p>
<p>If you have a preferred name, please use it to apply. We don't need full or birth names at application stage 😊</p></div>