<div class="content-intro"><p>We are a global team of innovators and pioneers dedicated to shaping the future of observability. At New Relic, we build an intelligent platform that empowers companies to thrive in an AI-first world by giving them unparalleled insight into their complex systems. As we continue to expand our global footprint, we're looking for passionate people to join our mission. If you're ready to help the world's best companies optimize their digital applications, we invite you to explore a career with us!</p></div><p style="line-height: 1.2;"><strong>Your opportunity:</strong></p>
<p style="line-height: 1.2;">New Relic is seeking a high-energy, detail-oriented Senior Billing Analyst to be the technical engine of our global billing operations. As we continue to scale our consumption-based pricing model, you will be a key contributor to our "order-to-cash" efficiency. You will be responsible for executing daily billing functions within an automated, "doer-reviewer" controlled environment, ensuring that customer usage data translates into accurate, transparent, and timely invoices. Your goal is to support the elimination of revenue leakage through the rigorous application of standardized credit lifecycles and global playbooks.</p>
<p><strong>What You’ll Do:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Operational Excellence: Execute the daily operations of the global billing lifecycle, ensuring all monthly, quarterly, and annual billing cycles are completed with 100% accuracy.</li>
<li>Consumption Model Execution: Navigate the complexities of New Relic’s usage-based billing, maintaining data integrity between product telemetry and financial systems.</li>
<li>Process Documentation: Actively contribute to and maintain the Global Billing Process Playbook, ensuring all processes—from standard invoicing to complex amendments—are documented and optimized.</li>
<li>Credit &amp; Query Management: Manage the end-to-end credit lifecycle and resolve complex billing inquiries, partnering with Sales, Collections, and Deal Desk to reduce operational friction.</li>
<li>RPA &amp; Automation Support: Identify manual reconciliation workflows and collaborate with technical teams to deploy RPA (Robotic Process Automation) solutions.</li>
<li>Audit &amp; Control: Support the implementation of financial controls and provide documentation for internal and external audit requests.</li>
<li>Fast Close Contribution: Thrive in a high-pressure month-end environment, performing reconciliations that help reduce the financial close cycle.</li>
</ul>
<p style="line-height: 1.2;"><strong>Your Qualifications:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li style="line-height: 1.2;">Experience: 4+ years in Billing or Revenue Operations within a SaaS environment.</li>
<li style="line-height: 1.2;">The "SaaS" Factor: Deep understanding of recurring revenue, consumption-based billing, and deferred revenue concepts.</li>
<li style="line-height: 1.2;">Tech Stack Savvy: High proficiency with Billing Platforms (e.g., Zuora), Salesforce, and NetSuite.</li>
<li style="line-height: 1.2;">Analytical Mindset: Advanced Excel skills are essential; you must be comfortable pivoting large datasets to resolve complex billing errors.</li>
<li style="line-height: 1.2;">Communication: Ability to explain complex billing logic and usage data to customers and internal stakeholders with empathy and clarity.</li>
<li style="line-height: 1.2;">Education: Bachelor’s degree in Accounting, Finance, or a related field.</li>
</ul>
<p style="line-height: 1.2;"><strong>Bonus Points If... </strong></p>
<ul>
<li style="line-height: 1.2;">You have a "process-first" mentality and prefer automating a task over manual repetition.</li>
<li style="line-height: 1.2;">You have experience as a "Super User" during a major billing system migration or platform stabilization.</li>
<li style="line-height: 1.2;">You’ve worked in a high-volume environment processing over 10k invoices monthly.</li>
<li style="line-height: 1.2;">You have experience reconcilling third-party Marketplace billing (e.g., AWS, Azure).<em><br><br></em>Please note that visa sponsorship is not available for this position.<em><br></em></li>
</ul>
<section class="account-page\_\_wrapper page-layout page-layout--primary-panel-workspace page-layout--xxlarge" data-test-settings-wrapper="" data-test-page-layout="">
<div class="page-layout\_\_grid-container">
<div class="page-layout\_\_workspace" data-test-page-layout-workspace="">
<div class="account-page-workspace-content" data-test-account-page-workspace="" data-artdeco-is-focused="true">
<div class="setting-container">
<div class="setting-group" data-test-promotion-settings-page="">
<div class="setting-group\_\_list">
<div class="ember-view setting-group-item promotion-settings-page\_\_item" data-test-selector="setting-group-item">
<div class="setting-item-core\_\_grid-container" data-test-setting-item="form-closed" data-test-promotion-tag-setting="" data-live-test-promotion-tag-setting="" data-live-test-setting-item="">
<div class="setting-item-core\_\_right-pane">
<div class="ember-view setting-item-core\_\_state t-14 t-black--light" data-test-selector="setting-item-core-state" data-test-promotion-tag-setting-state="">#LI-TP1</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</section>
<section class=""></section>
<div id="ember217" class="ember-view messaging-side-panel\_\_overlay"></div><div class="content-conclusion"><p>Fostering a diverse, welcoming and inclusive environment is important to us. We work hard to make everyone feel comfortable bringing their best, most authentic selves to work every day. We celebrate our talented Relics’ different backgrounds and abilities, and recognize the different paths they took to reach us – including nontraditional ones. Their experiences and perspectives inspire us to make our products and company the best they can be. We’re looking for people who feel connected to our mission and values, not just candidates who check off all the boxes.&nbsp;</p>
<p>If you require a reasonable accommodation to complete any part of the application or recruiting process, please reach out to <a href="mailto:resume@newrelic.com" target="\_blank">resume@newrelic.com</a>.</p>
<p>We believe in empowering all Relics to achieve professional and business success through a flexible workforce model. This model allows us to work in a variety of workplaces that best support our success, including fully office-based, fully remote, or hybrid.</p>
<p><strong>Our hiring process</strong><br><br>In compliance with applicable law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work and to complete employment eligibility verification. Note: Our stewardship of the data of thousands of customers means that a criminal background check is required to join New Relic.<br><br>We will consider qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records based on individual circumstances and in accordance with applicable law including, but not limited to, the&nbsp;<a href="https://sfgov.org/olse/sites/default/files/FCO%20poster2020.pdf" target="\_blank">San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance</a>.<br><br>Headhunters and recruitment agencies may not submit resumes/CVs through this website or directly to managers. New Relic does not accept unsolicited headhunter and agency resumes, and will not pay fees to any third-party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with New Relic.</p>
<p>New Relic develops and distributes encryption software and technology that complies with U.S. export controls and licensing requirements. Certain New Relic roles require candidates to pass an export compliance assessment as a condition of employment in any global location. If relevant, we will provide more information later in the application process.</p>
<p>Candidates are evaluated based on qualifications, regardless of race, religion, ethnicity, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender expression or identity, age, disability, neurodiversity, veteran or marital status, political viewpoint, or other legally protected characteristics.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Review our Applicant Privacy Notice at&nbsp;<a href="https://newrelic.com/termsandconditions/applicant-privacy-policy" target="\_blank">https://newrelic.com/termsandconditions/applicant-privacy-policy</a></p></div>