<div class="content-intro"><p><strong>Secure Every Identity, from AI to Human<br><br></strong>Identity is the key to unlocking the potential of AI. Okta secures AI by building the trusted, neutral infrastructure that enables organizations to safely embrace this new era. This work requires a relentless drive to solve complex challenges with real-world stakes. We are looking for builders and owners who operate with speed and urgency and execute with excellence.<br><br>This is an opportunity to do career-defining work. We're all in on this mission. If you are too, let's talk.</p></div><p><strong>The Auth0 Sales Team</strong></p>
<p>Auth0 supports Okta’s vision of freeing anyone to safely use any technology by providing a secure, highly available, enterprise-grade platform that secures billions of log-ins every year for Consumer and SaaS applications.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>The</strong><strong><em> UK/I </em></strong><strong>Sales Director </strong><strong>Opportunity</strong></p>
<p>The successful Auth0 Area Sales Director will manage a team of Account Executives focused on providing value to Application Development teams (Engineering, Product, Security and Architecture and spearhead the expansion of a global market leader leveraging existing customer references, partner base, and alliance relationships. This leader will drive revenue growth through the both net new logo acquisition as well as by cross-selling and up-selling Auth0 to our current customer base.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>What you’ll be doing&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Attract, recruit, hire, and mentor the Auth0 Account Executive sales team&nbsp;</li>
<li>Build a results driven culture through leading by example, setting expectations, providing coaching and mentorship and holding teams accountable</li>
<li>Consistently deliver and overachieve against targets, holding the AE team accountable for operationally sound delivery and results</li>
<li>Accurately forecast monthly, quarterly, and annual targets for assigned regions and hold each team member accountable for doing the same</li>
<li>Establish and manage data and supporting metrics (pipeline coverage, forecasting, ASP, etc.)</li>
<li>Effectively develop, design, build, and execute all aspects of the UK/I business plan to predictably and consistently generate quarterly results while holding a long-term perspective of overall results&nbsp;</li>
<li>Put into place sales structure, processes, and strategic resource plans that will capture key opportunities in target markets, accounts &amp; prospects, partners or industry verticals throughout the Region&nbsp;</li>
<li>Own the pipeline generation strategy and with internal stakeholders to execute against the strategy&nbsp;</li>
<li>Maintain market intelligence and develop strategies to maintain Okta’s leadership position</li>
<li>Exhibit a growth mindset with the ability to outline the long term vision and strategy&nbsp;</li>
<li>Travel as necessary to build and cultivate customer and prospect relationships</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>What you’ll bring to the role:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Experience building and running sales teams in a SaaS environment</li>
<li>Deep understanding of and technical aptitude towards SaaS / Cloud Go-To-Market selling motion</li>
<li>Strong technical aptitude with proven success selling into C-suite and building partnership and buy-in with multiple stakeholders</li>
<li>Relevant software industry experience in any of the following: IT systems, cloud enterprise or infrastructure management, application development and management, security, business applications and/or analytics</li>
<li>Ability to navigate the internal selling ecosystem in order to nurture, close, grow and retain customers</li>
<li>History of consistently meeting/exceeding targets and objectives personally and as a leader</li>
<li>Proven ability to hire and retain a high performing sales team with humility and confidence</li>
<li>Excellent leadership and influencing skills with the ability to build strong business partnerships at all levels</li>
<li>Expertise using a Sales Framework such as MEDDPICC, Challenger or Sandler (we use MEDDPICC + Command of the Message)</li>
<li>AI Change Champions</li>
</ul>
<p>#LI-LW1</p>
<p>#Hybrid</p>
<p>#P23778\_3408147</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong><br>The Okta Experience</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><a href="http://rewards.okta.com">Supporting Your Well-Being</a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="https://www.okta.com/company/okta-for-good/">Driving Social Impact&nbsp;</a></li>
<li><a href="https://www.okta.com/company/talent-connection-community/">Developing Talent and Fostering Connection + Community</a></li>
</ul>
<p>We are intentional about connection. Our global community, spanning over 20 offices worldwide, is united by a drive to innovate. Your journey begins with an immersive, in-person onboarding experience designed to accelerate your impact and connect you to our mission and team from day one.<br><br>Okta is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, marital status, age, physical or mental disability, or status as a protected veteran. We also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and convictions records, consistent with applicable laws.<br><br>If reasonable accommodation is needed to complete any part of the job application, interview process, or onboarding please&nbsp;<a href="https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1EfiEYZrIyhA2X4Fijk0R3RKYOzNoS3wtvyM4nhbZnXE/edit">use this Form</a> to request an accommodation.<br><br>Notice for New York City Applicants &amp; Employees: Okta may use Automated Employment Decision Tools (AEDT), as defined by New York City Local Law 144, that use artificial intelligence, machine learning, or other automated processes to assist in our recruitment and hiring process. In accordance with NYC Local Law 144, if you are an applicant or employee residing in New York City, please&nbsp;<a href="https://talent.okta.com/new-york-city-aedt-notice.html">click here</a> to view our full NYC AEDT Notice.<br><br>Okta is committed to complying with applicable data privacy and security laws and regulations. For more information, please see our Personnel and Job Candidate Privacy Notice at&nbsp;<a href="https://www.okta.com/legal/personnel-policy/">https://www.okta.com/legal/personnel-policy/</a>.</p></div>