<h2><strong>Who we are</strong></h2>
<h3><strong>About Stripe</strong></h3>
<p>Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies—from the world’s largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyone’s reach while doing the most important work of your career.</p>
<h3><strong>About the team</strong></h3>
<p>Stripe Infrastructure is responsible for the reliability, scale, performance, and cost of Stripe’s systems and the productivity and sentiment of Stripe’s people. You may work on a wide variety of critical business areas within Core Infrastructure. We’re the home for Stripe's critical tier-0 infrastructure systems (Compute, Networking, DocumentDB, Distributed Caching and High assurance engineering). We build the foundational platform for Stripe products and services to allow them to operate at scale. We drive reliability, availability, efficiency and scalability of these systems.</p>
<h3><strong>What you’ll do</strong></h3>
<p>As an Engineering Manager for the Core Performance team at Stripe, you will lead a team responsible for driving improvements in efficiency and latency across Stripe. Your responsibilities will include:</p>
<ul>
<li>Lead and grow an engineering team in Sydney: hire, coach, mentor, and develop engineers at all levels.</li>
<li>Partner with engineering teams across Stripe to identify and implement infrastructure solutions that enhance scalability, reliability, and efficiency.</li>
<li>Create team vision, define goals, prioritize work, and deliver high-quality outcomes.</li>
<li>Cultivating a culture of engineering excellence, innovation, and continuous improvement.</li>
<li>Collaborate with staff engineers and technical leadership on architecture and strategic technical decisions; translate technical strategy into team-level plans.</li>
<li>Work effectively with geographically distributed colleagues and remote workers to ensure alignment and visibility.</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Who you are</strong></h2>
<p>We’re looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply.</p>
<h3><strong>Minimum requirements</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>10+ years of software engineering experience, including at least 5 years in engineering management. You have a proven track record of leading, growing, and aligning inclusive teams, including remote and distributed engineers.<br><br></li>
<li>Deep background in the performance, efficiency, and capacity planning of large-scale infrastructure platforms capable of handling millions of requests per second (RPS).<br><br></li>
<li>Extensive hands-on experience with cloud technologies (preferably AWS), core infrastructure components (Compute, Linux, Storage), and relevant programming languages (e.g., Go, Ruby, Java).<br><br></li>
<li>Demonstrated acumen in guiding technical strategy, architecture, and roadmap planning for complex infrastructure systems in ambiguous, fast-changing environments.<br><br></li>
<li>Excellent analytical and communication skills, with the ability to leverage data to drive decision-making and influence cross-functional teams across all levels of the organization.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>