<h2>Role Description</h2>
<p data-start="71" data-end="577">As a Staff Full Stack Software Engineer on the Churn and International Growth team, you will work across large scale projects with a focus on reliability, performance, and 0 -&gt; 1 execution in new international markets. You will support our push toward AI enabled products by contributing to a modern stack for rapid prototyping and dependable deployment. You will set the technical vision, lead full stack development, and help define a unified architecture for cancellation and internationalization flows.</p>
<p data-start="579" data-end="929" data-is-last-node="" data-is-only-node="">You will partner closely with product, data science, design, and engineering leaders across the business to deliver software that drives customer and business value. This role will oversee a high impact portfolio focused on reducing churn and accelerating global growth, including our Churn Prevention Engine and a range of early churn, down sell, and cancellation optimizations.</p>
<p><span class=" author-d-iz88z86z86za0dz67zz78zz78zz74zz68zjz80zz71z9iz90z95lz89zy6z71zz79zz84zz68zyz69zupz72zz79zcz69zz76zkz79zp1z66ztz67zxz71zz89zz86zz71z">Our Engineering Career Framework is </span><span class="attrlink url author-d-iz88z86z86za0dz67zz78zz78zz74zz68zjz80zz71z9iz90z95lz89zy6z71zz79zz84zz68zyz69zupz72zz79zcz69zz76zkz79zp1z66ztz67zxz71zz89zz86zz71z"><a class="attrlink" href="https://dropbox.github.io/dbx-career-framework/" target="\_blank" data-target-href="https://dropbox.github.io/dbx-career-framework/"><u>viewable by anyone outside the company</u></a></span><span class=" author-d-iz88z86z86za0dz67zz78zz78zz74zz68zjz80zz71z9iz90z95lz89zy6z71zz79zz84zz68zyz69zupz72zz79zcz69zz76zkz79zp1z66ztz67zxz71zz89zz86zz71z"> and describes what’s expected for our engineers at each of our career levels. Check out our blog post on this topic and more </span><span class="attrlink url author-d-iz88z86z86za0dz67zz78zz78zz74zz68zjz80zz71z9iz90z95lz89zy6z71zz79zz84zz68zyz69zupz72zz79zcz69zz76zkz79zp1z66ztz67zxz71zz89zz86zz71z"><a class="attrlink" href="https://dropbox.tech/culture/sharing-our-engineering-career-framework-with-the-world" target="\_blank" data-target-href="https://dropbox.tech/culture/sharing-our-engineering-career-framework-with-the-world">here</a></span><span class=" author-d-iz88z86z86za0dz67zz78zz78zz74zz68zjz80zz71z9iz90z95lz89zy6z71zz79zz84zz68zyz69zupz72zz79zcz69zz76zkz79zp1z66ztz67zxz71zz89zz86zz71z">.</span></p>
<h2>Responsibilities</h2>
<ul>
<li>Translate business requirements into clear, scalable technical solutions.</li>
<li>Strengthen team collaboration through code reviews, knowledge sharing, and mentoring.</li>
<li>Define and execute a multi year, multi team technical strategy with measurable impact.</li>
<li>Align technical solutions with business goals in partnership with cross functional teams.</li>
<li>Lead by example through high quality code, thoughtful reviews, and hands on mentorship.</li>
<li>Drive product innovation by balancing user needs, technical rigor, and business outcomes.</li>
</ul>
<p><span class="thread-348589118974529206372994 attrcomment attrcommentfirst thread-348589118974529206372994-first author-d-iz88z86z86za0dz67zz78zz78zz74zz68zjz80zz71z9iz90z95lz89zy6z71zz79zz84zz68zyz69zupz72zz79zcz69zz76zkz79zp1z66ztz67zxz71zz89zz86zz71z">On-call work may be necessary occasionally to help address bugs, outages, or other operational issues, with the goal of maintaining a stable and high-quality experience for our customers.</span></p>
<h2>Requirements</h2>
<ul>
<li>12+ years of experience as a backend or full stack engineer with a track record of delivering scalable, reliable systems.</li>
<li>BS in Computer Science or a related field, or equivalent experience.</li>
<li>Strong expertise in backend technologies such as Golang and Python.</li>
<li>Strong expertise in frontend frameworks such as React.</li>
<li>Exceptional problem solving skills and the ability to turn user needs into effective technical solutions.</li>
<li>Solid understanding of best practices for building high performance, reliable, scalable services.</li>
<li>Excellent communication skills with the ability to collaborate across functions and present concepts clearly to both technical and non-technical stakeholders.</li>
</ul>
<div>
<h2>Preferred Qualifications</h2>
<ul>
<li>Excited by 0 -&gt; 1 work and comfortable navigating ambiguity and shifts in direction.</li>
<li>Demonstrated experience improving systems and proactively identifying and solving complex technical problems.</li>
</ul>
<h2 data-usually-unique-id="044234883370604133046166"><span class=" author-d-1gg9uz65z1iz85zgdz68zmqkz84zo2qowz81zqz90zkz74zz76zeez80zz68zz89zz88zvqz86zuxlz73zexxz80zz73z6d6z72zz79zsz77z">Compensation</span></h2>
<p><span class=" author-d-1gg9uz65z1iz85zgdz68zmqkz84zo2qowz81zqz90zkz74zz76zeez80zz68zz89zz88zvqz86zuxlz73zexxz80zz73z6d6z72zz79zsz77z">Dropbox applies increased tax deductible costs to remuneration earned by certain qualifying employees (to the extent an employee will be involved in the creation of the software as an “author”) for the transfer of copyrights, in accordance with the relevant provisions of the Personal Income Tax Act.</span></p>
</div><div class="content-pay-transparency"><div class="pay-input"><div class="title">Poland Pay Range</div><div class="pay-range"><span>391 000 zł</span><span class="divider">&mdash;</span><span>529 000 zł PLN</span></div></div></div>