<p><strong>This is Adyen</strong></p>
<p>Adyen provides payments, data, and financial products in a single solution for customers like Meta, Uber, H&amp;M, and Microsoft - making us the financial technology platform of choice. At Adyen, everything we do is engineered for ambition.&nbsp;</p>
<p>For our teams, we create an environment with opportunities for our people to succeed, backed by the culture and support to ensure they are enabled to truly own their careers. We are motivated individuals who tackle unique technical challenges at scale and solve them as a team. Together, we deliver innovative and ethical solutions that help businesses achieve their ambitions faster.</p>
<p><strong>Why you should join the Adyen Sales Team</strong></p>
<p>Sales at Adyen is captured with one phrase: we sell the best to the best. You will have the opportunity to work alongside world-class salespeople and boost your career by being trained through our Adyen Sales Academy. You'll work with world-class merchants, technology, and colleagues while selling the best to the best.</p>
<p>At Adyen, our sales teams take initiatives, allowing them to make an impact from day one and we highly encourage working as a team because winning is more important than ego. Adyen is the place where sales mavericks can take flight.</p>
<p>Being able to tell stories is fundamental to how we operate. Our team is fantastic storytellers when speaking to prospective and current clients to foster excitement about our product and strengthen customer relations. We are looking for a sales manager who will succeed aboard the Adyen rocket ship and take our current successful momentum to the next level of growth through the acquisition of new (Enterprise) merchants.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Sounds exciting? Keep reading!</p>
<p><strong>What You’ll Do:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Own the full sales cycle with our largest merchants - from generating leads&nbsp; to closing deals to getting them live and transacting;</li>
<li>Creatively drive innovation for merchants in retail, digital, platforms, and financial services;</li>
<li>Become an expert in selling Adyen's world class financial solutions;</li>
<li>Partner with technology leaders and solution providers while working closely with our Compliance, Implementation and Account Management teams;</li>
<li>Work with the India team to provide inputs for building products for Indian merchants.</li>
<li>Travel and network (~25%);</li>
</ul>
<p><em>The role is a senior Individual Contributor sales position, rather than a people-management role.</em></p>
<p><strong>Who You Are:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Proven experience in an enterprise sales role (7+ years) selling complex solutions;</li>
<li>Strong experience and knowledge of payments ecosystem / PSPs / acquiring or related business</li>
<li>You have a strong network of clients or industry expertise that is relevant for Adyen</li>
<li>You are a team player who enjoys working in-person with the sales team both locally and globally across different cultures, roles, and offices;</li>
<li>You are an analytical, strategic negotiator with a commercially driven, go-getting attitude;</li>
<li>You are an excellent communicator of big ideas and can uncover complex needs internally and externally.</li>
<li>You&nbsp; are a resourceful, super self-starter and can execute and manage time-sensitive tasks in a fast-paced, highly entrepreneurial environment;</li>
<li>Working in the financial space against large banking institutions and local players is a challenge, so you are prepared to educate and pitch transparently with a consultative approach;</li>
<li>English proficiency required.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Ready to meet us?</strong></p>
<p>If you are excited about this role, apply by clicking the link below. We can’t wait to meet you!</p>
<p><strong>Our Diversity, Equity and Inclusion commitments&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>Our unique approach is a product of our diverse perspectives. This diversity of backgrounds and cultures is essential in helping us maintain our momentum. Our business and technical challenges are unique, and we need as many different voices as possible to join us in solving them - voices like yours. No matter who you are or where you’re from, we welcome you to be your true self at Adyen.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Studies show that women and members of underrepresented communities apply for jobs only if they meet 100% of the qualifications. Does this sound like you? If so, Adyen encourages you to reconsider and apply. We look forward to your application!</p>
<p><strong>What’s next?</strong></p>
<p>Ensuring a smooth and enjoyable candidate experience is critical for us. We aim to get back to you regarding your application within 5 business days. Our interview process tends to take about 4 weeks to complete, but may fluctuate depending on the role. <a href="https://careers.adyen.com/how-we-hire">Learn more about our hiring process here</a>. Don’t be afraid to let us know if you need more flexibility.</p>
<p>This role can be based in our Mumbai or Bangalore office. We are an office-first company and value in-person collaboration; we do not offer remote-only roles.</p>