<div class="content-intro"><p>Elastic, the Search AI Company, enables everyone to find the answers they need in real time, using all their data, at scale — unleashing the potential of businesses and people. The Elastic Search AI Platform, used by more than 50% of the Fortune 500, brings together the precision of search and the intelligence of AI to enable everyone to accelerate the results that matter. By taking advantage of all structured and unstructured data — securing and protecting private information more effectively — Elastic’s complete, cloud-based solutions for search, security, and observability help organizations deliver on the promise of AI.</p></div><h4>What is The Role:&nbsp;</h4>
<p>This hybrid role merges strategic operational oversight with tactical resource management. You will serve as the "resourcing and operational engine" for the Global Capacity Center (GCC) while acting as a bridge between the GCC and the rest of the global resourcing team to ensure GCC talent is optimized.&nbsp;</p>
<p><em>This role requires flexible working hours to ensure a minimum of 3–4 hours of overlap with our APJ and EMEA teams, and 1-2 hours overlap (ad hoc) with our US based teams.&nbsp;</em></p>
<p><strong>What You Will Be Doing:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ol>
<li><strong> Global Capacity Center Operations</strong></li>
</ol>
<ul>
<li>Primary Resourcing Voice: Serve as the lead point of contact for GCC staffing and operations</li>
<li>Operational Cadence: Drive the end-to-end GCC cadence, including staffing calls, GCC business reviews, and utilization planning.</li>
</ul>
<ol>
<li><strong> Global Resource Management &amp; Capacity Planning</strong></li>
</ol>
<ul>
<li>Supply &amp; Demand Balancing: Partner with GCC Leader to forecast long-term talent needs based on the sales pipeline.</li>
<li>Global Talent Deployment: Orchestrate the allocation of GCC resources to Geo-specific projects (EMEA/APJ/AMER)</li>
<li>Bench &amp; Capacity Oversight: Proactively manage the "talent pool" to minimize unassigned time and ensure regional nuances (holidays, skills, partner coverage) are reflected in plans.</li>
<li>Conflict Resolution: Act as the mediator when multiple regions compete for the same high-demand GCC resources</li>
</ul>
<ol>
<li><strong> Business Performance &amp; Analytics</strong></li>
</ol>
<ul>
<li>Analysis &amp; KPI tracking: Interpret trends across GCC health, eg Utilization, Time to Staff (in collaboration with FP&amp;A)</li>
<li>Data Analytics: Support maintaining reporting frameworks using PSA, Salesforce, Tableau, and SQL to deliver executive-ready insights, as it pertains to the GCC</li>
</ul>
<ol>
<li><strong> Operational Excellence &amp; Compliance</strong></li>
</ol>
<ul>
<li>Process Improvement: Continuously assess and standardize workflows across the GCC to reduce friction and improve scalability.</li>
<li>Data Integrity: Support ensuring PSA (Certinia) is updated in real-time with accurate GCC contact records, project assignments &amp; schedules (inclusive of forecasted PTO)</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>What You Bring:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Education: Bachelor’s degree in Business, Finance, Operations, or a related field</li>
<li>Experience: 3+ years in Revenue/Services Operations, inclusive of Resource Management within a global SaaS or Consulting organization.</li>
<li>Technical Skills:&nbsp; Expertise in SQL for data extraction and Excel (Power Query, modeling).</li>
<li>Systems: Hands on experience with Salesforce, Tableau/PowerBI, and PSA tools (e.g., Certinia/FinancialForce, Mavenlink).</li>
<li>Global Mindset: Proven experience working across multiple time zones (APJ, EMEA, US) and understanding cultural nuances in Professional Services.</li>
<li>Soft Skills: Exceptional communication &amp; stakeholder management, assertive, proactive, detailed oriented, and the ability to work across multiple time zones from time to time.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p><div class="content-conclusion"><h2><strong>Additional Information - We Take Care of Our People</strong></h2>
<p>As a distributed company, diversity drives our identity. Whether you’re looking to launch a new career or grow an existing one, Elastic is the type of company where you can balance great work with great life. Your age is only a number. It doesn’t matter if you’re just out of college or your children are; we need you for what you can do.</p>
<p>We strive to have parity of benefits across regions and while regulations differ from place to place, we believe taking care of our people is the right thing to do.</p>
<ul>
<li>Competitive pay based on the work you do here and not your previous salary</li>
<li>Health coverage for you and your family in many locations</li>
<li>Ability to craft your calendar with flexible locations and schedules for many roles</li>
<li>Generous number of vacation days each year</li>
<li>Increase your impact - We match up to $2000 (or local currency equivalent) for financial donations and service</li>
<li>Up to 40 hours each year to use toward volunteer projects you love</li>
<li>Embracing parenthood with minimum of 16 weeks of parental leave</li>
</ul>
<p>Different people approach problems differently. We need that. Elastic is an equal opportunity employer and is committed to creating an inclusive culture that celebrates different perspectives, experiences, and backgrounds. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, ethnicity, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender perception or identity, national origin, age, marital status, protected veteran status, disability status, or any other basis protected by federal, state or local law, ordinance or regulation.</p>
<p>We welcome individuals with disabilities and strive to create an accessible and inclusive experience for all individuals. To request an accommodation during the application or the recruiting process, please email <a href="mailto:candidate\_accessibility@elastic.co" target="\_blank">candidate\_accessibility@elastic.co</a><span class="gmail\_default">.</span>&nbsp;We will reply to your request within 24 business hours of submission.</p>
<p><span style="color: #000000;">Applicants have rights under Federal Employment Laws, view posters linked below:</span> <a href="https://www.dol.gov/sites/dolgov/files/WHD/legacy/files/fmlaen.pdf" target="\_blank">Family and Medical Leave Act (FMLA)</a> <span style="color: #000000;">Poster;</span><span style="color: #000000;">&nbsp;<a href="https://www.dol.gov/sites/dolgov/files/ofccp/pdf/pay-transp\_%20English\_formattedESQA508c.pdf" target="\_blank">Pay Transparency Nondiscrimination Provision</a> Poster; </span><a href="https://www.dol.gov/sites/dolgov/files/WHD/legacy/files/eppabw.pdf" target="\_blank">Employee Polygraph Protection Act (EPPA)</a> <span style="color: #000000;">Poster and <a href="https://www.dol.gov/sites/dolgov/files/OFCCP/regs/compliance/posters/pdf/22-088\_EEOC\_KnowYourRights.pdf" target="\_blank">Know Your Rights</a> (Poster)</span></p>
<p><span style="color: #000000;">Elasticsearch develops and distributes technology and information that is subject to U.S. and other countries’ export controls and licensing requirements for individuals who are located in or are nationals of the following sanctioned countries and regions: Belarus, Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Syria, or Russia, including the Ukrainian territories annexed by Russia (The Crimea region of Ukraine, The Donetsk People's Republic (DNR), The Luhansk People's Republic (LNR), Kherson or Zaporizhzhia). If you are located in or are a national of one of the listed countries or regions, an export license may be required as a condition of your employment in this role. Please note that national origin and/or nationality do not affect eligibility for employment with Elastic.</span></p>
<p>Please see&nbsp;<a href="https://www.elastic.co/legal/applicant-privacy-statement" target="\_blank" data-saferedirecturl="https://www.google.com/url?q=https://www.elastic.co/legal/applicant-privacy-statement&amp;source=gmail&amp;ust=1611068262479000&amp;usg=AFQjCNG3orAPk5sJIr9WVm0ZDxYw82c5DA">here</a>&nbsp;for our Privacy Statement.</p></div>