<div class="content-intro"><p><span style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;">Shift delivers AI agents that transform insurers' most critical work. By combining deep industry expertise and unmatched data resources, Shift provides proven results that have earned the trust of hundreds of the world's leading insurers. Our insurance-grade AI is accurate, explainable, and secure—empowering human experts to move with unmatched speed, total confidence, and a renewed focus on the people they serve.</span></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><video poster="https://8595762.fs1.hubspotusercontent-na1.net/hubfs/8595762/2026%20Website%20Refresh/2026%20Shift%20Brand%20Video/thumbnail-violet.jpg" controls="controls" width="300" height="150">
&nbsp;&nbsp;<source src="https://8595762.fs1.hubspotusercontent-na1.net/hubfs/8595762/2026%20Website%20Refresh/2026%20Shift%20Brand%20Video/2026%20Shift%20Brand%20Video%20(English).mp4" type="video/mp4">
&nbsp;&nbsp;Your browser does not support the video tag.</video></p>
<p><span style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;">Our culture is built on innovation, trust, and a drive to transform the insurance industry through our SaaS platform. We come from more than 50 different countries and cultures and together we are creating the future of insurance.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;">Learn more at <a href="http://www.shift-technology.com" target="\_blank">www.shift-technology.com</a></span></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p></div><div>
<p><strong>You are a recent graduate, looking for your first full time Data Science opportunity.</strong></p>
<p>As a Data Scientist you will work on a broad range of subjects actively contributing to the design and evolution of our suite of products focused on fraud detection, anti-money laundering, and claims automation. &nbsp;We are dedicated to providing innovative solutions, and you'll be part of a team with extensive technical and professional expertise in data science, data engineering, coding, business understanding, and client interactions. Additionally, we tackle a diverse array of data types, including structured data, unstructured text, documents, and images.</p>
<p>This opportunity is perfect for you if you're seeking a permanent role; Shift is the ideal place to kickstart your career journey!</p>
</div>
<p><strong>About the Team</strong></p>
<p>As a member of the data science team, and working alongside our technical experts, your role will be key to improve and roll-out our Fraud Detection solution.&nbsp;</p>
<p>This role is part of our Data Science team which is the largest team in our organization consisting of over 200+ Data Scientists throughout the world.<br>Our Data Scientists work in a full lifecycle role and on a broad range of subjects acquiring extensive technical and professional experience in data science, data engineering, coding, business understanding and client engagement.</p>
<p><strong>What You'll do...</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Your role will be to actively contribute to the Insurance roadmap and clients, and working on various data types such as structured data, free text, documents and images.</li>
<li>Implementation of the data engineering, usually from client extracts to the insertion of the data in our data stores (SQL, ElasticSearch)</li>
<li>Developing, testing, tuning models and putting them in production for tasks such as fraud detection and automation detection in complex environments.</li>
<li>Automate key business tasks by implementing them in our production process framework in C#</li>
<li>Conduct meetings with clients and interact with external stakeholders, whether it is for direct user feedback, presenting business cases or defining the roadmap of evolutions&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>What You Bring...</strong></p>
<p>We are looking for candidates with diverse skills to help us build excellent technology solutions for our clients and be proficient in the following skills:</p>
<ul>
<li><strong>Code-savvy</strong>, either by having a degree in computer science and/or having developed some apps with actual users- writing scripts for models and notebooks is not enough at Shift, we thrive on people who can write maintainable, production-quality code that will run everyday without breaking.</li>
<li><strong>AI-savvy</strong>, either by having a degree in machine learning and/or statistics. Having a clear understanding of statistics and machine learning problems, tasks and common resolutions is important to communicate internally and explain to the client how the product is working.</li>
<li><strong>Client facing</strong>. You will need to be comfortable and open to communicating to our clients on a regular basis.&nbsp;&nbsp;</li>
<li><strong>Business smart</strong>. We don’t expect candidates to know the insurance sector, but we want applicants who are interested in learning and mastering the business aspects of our products.</li>
<li><strong>Fluent English speaker: </strong>we are an international company with offices in many countries and 50+ nationalities, the Shift working language is English.</li>
<li><strong>Advanced command of French,&nbsp;</strong>both written and spoken, equivalent to a native speaker.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Recruitment Process</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Talent Acquisition interview&nbsp;</li>
<li>Coding exercise (where applicable)</li>
<li>Technical interview(s)</li>
<li>Hiring Manager interview</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><span style="font-size: 8pt; color: rgb(255, 255, 255);">#LI-BA1 #LI-HYBRID</span></p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><span style="color: #000000;"><strong><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;">To support our permanent, full time employees at every stage of their careers and lives, we provide a competitive total rewards and benefits package. Here are the global benefits we’d like to highlight:</span></strong></span></p>
<ul>
<li style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;"><span style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0); font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;">Flexible remote and hybrid working options</span></li>
<li style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;"><span style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0); font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;">Competitive Salary and a variable component tied to personal and company performance</span></li>
<li style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;"><span style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0); font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;">Multiple Learning and Development opportunities, including Focus Fridays, a half-day each month to focus on learning and personal growth</span></li>
<li style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;"><span style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0); font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;">Generous PTO and paid holidays</span></li>
<li style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;"><span style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0); font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;">Mental health benefits&nbsp;</span></li>
<li style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;"><span style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0); font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;">2 MAD Days per year (Make A Difference Days for paid volunteering)</span></li>
</ul>
<p><span style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0); font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;">Additional benefits may be offered by country, based on your eligibility - ask your recruiter for more information. Intern and Apprentice positions may receive some of these benefits - ask your recruiter for more details.</span></p>
<p><span style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0); font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;"><em>At Shift we strive to be a diverse and inclusive workforce. <em data-stringify-type="italic">We welcome applications from and hire people who will contribute to the diversity of our company,&nbsp;</em>without regard to race, color, religion, marital status, age, national or ethnic origin, physical or mental disability, medical condition, pregnancy, genetic information, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, or other non-merit criteria.</em></span></p>
<p><span style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0); font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;"><em>Shift Technology is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities in our application and employment process. Should you require accommodation, please email accommodation@shift-technology.com and we will work with you to meet your accessibility needs.</em></span></p>
<p><span style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0); font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;"><em>Please be aware of scammers and only trust correspondence that comes from emails ending in "shift-technology.com". We will never do initial outreach to you via Whatsapp/Text/SMS, never ask for banking information or personal identification numbers (ex. Social Security Number) as part of our recruitment process.</em></span></p>
<p><span style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0); font-size: 8pt; font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;"><em>Shift Technology does not accept unsolicited CVs from recruiters or employment agencies in response to the Shift Technology Careers page or a Shift Technology social media post. Any unsolicited CVs, including those submitted directly to hiring managers, are deemed to be the property of Shift Technology. </em></span></p></div>