<div class="content-intro"><p><strong><em>🚀 We’re on a mission to make money work for everyone.</em></strong></p>
<p>We’re waving goodbye to the complicated and confusing ways of traditional banking.</p>
<p>After starting as a prepaid card, our product offering has grown a lot in the last 10 years in the UK. As well as&nbsp;<a href="https://monzo.com/current-account/personal">personal</a> and <a href="https://monzo.com/business-banking">business</a> bank accounts, we offer <a href="https://monzo.com/current-account/joint-account">joint accounts</a>, <a href="https://monzo.com/current-account/16-17">accounts for 16-17 year olds</a>, a <a href="https://monzo.com/current-account/under-16s">free kids account</a> and <a href="https://monzo.com/flex">credit cards</a> in the UK, with more exciting things to come beyond. Our UK customers can also <a href="https://monzo.com/savings">save</a>, <a href="https://monzo.com/investments">invest </a>and&nbsp;<a href="https://monzo.com/pensions">combine their pensions</a> with us.&nbsp;</p>
<p>With our hot coral cards and get-paid-early feature, combined with financial education on social media and our award winning customer service, we have a long history of creating magical moments for our customers!</p>
<p>We’re not about selling products - we want to solve problems and change lives through Monzo ❤️</p>
<hr>
<p>&nbsp;</p></div><p>London/UK Remote | 💰£59,500 - £70,000 (depending on experience) + Incentive Awards tied to your performance + <a href="https://monzo.com/careers/">Benefits</a>&nbsp; ✨</p>
<p><strong>Our Model Oversight team⭐<br><br></strong>The second line of defence Model Oversight team (that’s us!) provides support to our colleagues in Borrowing, Fincrime &amp; Fraud, Operations and Finance to help Monzo grow safely. We’re looking for someone (maybe you?) to help ensure the Fincrime/Fraud models we use are not only good for Monzo but what's best for our customers.<br><br><strong>🔑You’ll play a key role by...</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Perform independent model validations of FinCrime/Fraud models using proportionate modelling techniques depending on the level of complexity applied.</li>
<li>Write clear and impactful model validation reports and present the findings in relevant committees.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Review of any FinCrime/Fraud model changes and provide recommendations to first line teams to ensure the models remain fit for purpose.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Build relationships with first line of defence Fincrime/Fraud modelling teams and wider risk teams to support the embedding of the model risk framework (e.g.&nbsp; good maintenance of the model inventory and adhering to issue management processes) and an understanding of model validation practices to help Monzo grow safely.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Support team lead in reviewing ongoing model performance monitoring to ensure the&nbsp; FinCrime/Fraud models are performing within risk thresholds and providing support to the&nbsp; FinCrime/Fraud model development team when further action is required.</li>
<li>Supporting the broader Model Oversight team with model validation activity in other disciplines (Financial, Operational and Credit) to manage peak demand and utilising areas of specific knowledge.</li>
<li>Research and learn latest modelling and validation techniques</li>
<li>Support the effective operation of the Model Risk Oversight Committee as a regular attendee, contributing to the group discussion to improve model risk management.</li>
<li>Support the promotion and embedding of a strong risk culture, making risk meaningful and relevant to everyone at Monzo. You will share best practice that is easy for everyone to understand.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>🤩 We’d love to hear from you if…&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>You are highly motivated and energised by the idea of bringing positive impact to our customers and Monzo</li>
<li>You are self-motivated and thrive in a fast-paced environment</li>
<li>You have great attention to detail while keeping an eye on the big picture</li>
<li>You are a great communicator, able to articulate complex problems</li>
<li>You can provide effective challenge whilst building strong, respectful relationships</li>
<li>You are keen to grow your knowledge in both business and technology</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>And, from a technical and knowledge perspective, you should have:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Experience in developing and/or validating any of Financial Crime, Fraud, Credit, Interest Rate, Liquidity, Regulatory capital, Stress testing and/or forecasting models</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li>In-depth knowledge of statistical techniques for management of risks</li>
<li>Experience of managing a modelling project through its full lifecycle</li>
<li>Strong technical skills such as SQL or Python</li>
<li>Working knowledge of machine learning models: gradient boosted trees, etc</li>
<li>If possible, some understanding of some of the following:</li>
<ul>
<li>Customer Risk assessment controls at point of Current Account application</li>
<li>Transaction Monitoring controls</li>
<li>Financial Crime and Fraud Typologies</li>
<li>Experience in transaction driven business or similar industry<br><br>
<p><strong>The Interview Process:</strong></p>
<p>Our interview process involves three main stages:&nbsp;</p>
<ol>
<li>Recruiter Call (30mins)</li>
<li>Initial Call (30 mins)</li>
<li>Final stage x3 a take home task, role specific interview and a behavioural interview</li>
</ol>
<p>Our average process takes around 3-4 weeks but we will always work around your availability.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>🙌What’s in it for you</strong></p>
<p>💰£59,500 to £70,000 (depending on experience) +<em> </em>Incentive Awards tied to your performance + benefits</p>
<p>📍This role can be based in our London office, but we're open to distributed working within the UK (with ad hoc meetings in London)</p>
<p>⏰We offer flexible working hours and trust you to work enough hours to do your job well, and at times that suit you and your team.&nbsp;</p>
<p>📚£1,000 learning budget each year to use on books, training courses and conferences.</p>
<p>➕ Plus lots more!&nbsp;<a href="https://monzo.com/careers/">Read our full list of benefits</a>.</p>
<p>#LI-TK1&nbsp; #LI-Remote</p>
</li>
</ul>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><hr>
<p><strong>Equal opportunities for everyone</strong></p>
<p>Diversity and inclusion are a priority for us and we’re making sure we have lots of support for all of our people to grow at Monzo. At Monzo, we’re embracing diversity by fostering an inclusive environment for all people to do the best work of their lives with us. This is integral to our mission of making money work for everyone. You can read more in our <a href="https://monzo.com/blog/diversity-and-inclusion">blog</a>, 2024 <a href="https://monzo.com/blog/our-2024-diversity-and-inclusion-report" target="\_blank">Diversity and Inclusion Report</a> and 2024 <a href="https://monzo.com/blog/an-update-on-our-gender-pay-gap-2024">Gender Pay Gap Report.</a></p>
<p>We’re an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be considered for employment without attention to age, ethnicity, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, family or parental status, national origin, or veteran, neurodiversity or disability status.</p>
<p>If you have a preferred name, please use it to apply. We don't need full or birth names at application stage 😊</p></div>