<div class="content-intro"><p><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif; font-size: 12pt;">Airbnb was born in 2007 when two hosts welcomed three guests to their San Francisco home, and has since grown to over 5 million hosts who have welcomed over 2 billion guest arrivals in almost every country across the globe. Every day, hosts offer unique stays and experiences that make it possible for guests to connect with communities in a more authentic way.</span></p></div><p>Founded in August of 2008 and based in San Francisco, California, Airbnb is a trusted community marketplace for people to list, discover, and book unique travel experiences around the world. Whether an apartment for a night, a castle for a week, or a villa for a month, Airbnb allows people to Belong Anywhere through unique travel experiences at any price point, in more than 34,000 cities and over 200 countries and regions. We promote a culture of curiosity, humanity, and creativity through our product, brand, and, most importantly, our people.</p>
<p>The mission of the Airbnb Global Safety and Risk Management (GSRM) team, as a component of Fraud and Safety Operations, is to foster a safe, secure, and healthy workplace for our employee community and peace of mind for Airbnb’s global community. Airbnb GSRM programs include Global Threat Assessment Program; Insider Threat Prevention Program; and Global Law Enforcement Liaison &amp; Organized Crime Syndicates Investigations (OCSI).&nbsp;</p>
<p>The Global Law Enforcement Liaison team is comprised of Law Enforcement Operations (LE Ops) and Global Law Enforcement Engagement (GLEE). LE Ops is responsible for liaising with law enforcement agencies on public safety and/or criminal matters with an alleged nexus to Airbnb. This includes processing law enforcement data disclosure requests, contributing to law enforcement investigations involving Airbnb stakeholders, and advancing trusted relationships with international law enforcement agencies in the interest of public and life safety. Working alongside LE Ops, the GLEE practice conducts strategic bilateral and multilateral engagement with international law enforcement entities and relevant domestic security services in a proactive manner to develop and nurture new relationships and strengthen established trusted relationships with partners to mitigate online and offline criminal and life safety threats to the Airbnb community.&nbsp;</p>
<p>The Global Law Enforcement Engagement Regional Lead for Europe, the Middle East, and Africa (EMEA) is responsible for driving strategic bilateral and multilateral communication, cooperation, and collaboration efforts with law enforcement entities and domestic security services located and/or operating in EMEA to protect Airbnb equities and stakeholders from criminal threats and acts of violence in close coordination with other Airbnb GSRM teams. The Global Law Enforcement Engagement Regional Lead for EMEA&nbsp; will report directly to the Manager, Global Law Enforcement Engagement.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Airbnb seeks a dynamic professional with a strong background as a law enforcement and/or domestic security service official to develop strategic initiatives to align Fraud &amp; Safety Operations’ priorities and effective global law enforcement engagements in a dynamic and fluid environment where life safety is the top priority. The successful candidate brings law enforcement expertise with experience working in EMEA, strong interpersonal and communications skills, initiative, a collaborative mindset, and a passion for safeguarding the Airbnb enterprise and community from criminal and life safety threats.</p>
<h3><strong>Responsibilities</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Lead, develop, and manage Airbnb efforts to cultivate trusted and reliable relationships with law enforcement partners in the EMEA region to safeguard the Airbnb community.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Lead and promote effective information exchange and collaboration with regional law enforcement on criminal threat and life safety matters that endanger the Airbnb community.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Lead, develop, and maintain effective working relationships with law enforcement and government authorities in EMEA by building partnerships and coalitions through liaison with international law enforcement organizations (e.g., UNODC, INTERPOL, Europol, AFRIPOL, AIMC, IACP, etc.)</li>
<li>Lead regional and contribute to global efforts to develop programs, events, and presentations to educate key external bilateral and multilateral partner agencies and entities to promote Airbnb’s trust and safety capabilities and priorities.</li>
<li>Provide expertise and conduct cross-functional collaboration with internal teams and fellow Airbnb stakeholders on law enforcement engagement matters in EMEA.</li>
<li>Lead and/or contribute to law enforcement communication and correspondence during crisis response and/or high-risk law enforcement operations in EMEA.</li>
<li>Identify market segments and external partnership opportunities to improve Airbnb law enforcement liaison, communication, and liaison in EMEA.</li>
<li>Investigate and overcome barriers to successful, collaborative law enforcement operations and data exchange in EMEA.</li>
<li>Collaborate with Airbnb legal, community support, and public policy teams to achieve effective engagement with law enforcement authorities, regulators, and legislators on online safety, security, and law enforcement issues in EMEA.</li>
<li>Develop, analyze, and communicate data, metrics, and performance measures to inform and evaluate the effectiveness of law enforcement engagement in EMEA.</li>
<li>Manage logistics of projects from start to finish, including identifying and scoping opportunities, aligning with different teams and functions, advancing contractual agreements, coordinating rollouts, and managing budgets.<br><br></li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>Requirements</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>10+ years of experience as a law enforcement or domestic security service officer with demonstrated expertise in investigating and preventing serious and organized crime, acts of violence, and threats to public safety.</li>
<li>Law enforcement expertise and experience in conducting complex investigations involving criminal acts and/or national security matters including but not limited to violent crime, organized crime (e.g., human trafficking, drug trafficking, financial fraud, etc.), child sexual exploitation, terrorism/violent extremism, and cybercrime.</li>
<li>Professional work experience with law enforcement agencies and organizations located and/or operating in the European Union.</li>
<li>Experience working collaboratively with law enforcement managing/addressing law enforcement requests for information, production/judicial orders, emergency disclosure requests, Mutual Legal Assistant Treaty (MLAT) requests, and emergencies-in-progress from a range of varied and legal systems common to EMEA.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Professional working knowledge of legal frameworks associated with individual data privacy rights, particularly the European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).</li>
<li>Law enforcement training, expertise, and experience in crisis planning and management and critical incident response.</li>
<li>Ability to work effectively in a global environment, including an understanding of cultural differences.</li>
<li>Demonstrated maintenance of a highly developed network of resources, cultivated through years of building relationships with global law enforcement and security services, ensuring liaison effectiveness in varied regions with complex geopolitical, cultural, and business environments.</li>
<li>Excellent oral and written communication and presentation skills, including an ability to deliver clear and concise executive presentations.</li>
<li>Excellent organizational and analytical skills, and a demonstrated record of cross-functional collaboration.</li>
<li>Professional presence and ability to interact effectively with executive management.</li>
<li>Capable of inspiring trust and confidence through effective communication and interpersonal skills with employees at all levels within Airbnb.</li>
<li>Sound work ethic, judgment, and ability to work independently with minimal supervisory oversight.</li>
<li>Willingness to travel frequently throughout EMEA, and periodically to other regions.</li>
<li>Willingness and flexibility to support GSRM functions in EMEA on a 24/7 basis.</li>
<li>Native Proficiency (fluency) in English and French languages is required.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Our Commitment To Inclusion &amp; Belonging:</strong></p>
<p>Airbnb is committed to working with the broadest talent pool possible. We believe diverse ideas foster innovation and engagement, and allow us to attract creatively-led people, and to develop the best products, services and solutions. All qualified individuals are encouraged to apply.</p>
<div class="content-pay-transparency">
<div class="pay-input">
<div class="description">
<p><strong>How We'll Take Care of You:</strong></p>
<p>Our job titles may span more than one career level. The actual base pay is dependent upon many factors, such as: training, transferable skills, work experience, business needs and market demands. The base pay range shown below is annualized, is subject to change and may be modified in the future. This role may also be eligible for bonus, equity, benefits, and Employee Travel Credits.</p>
</div>
</div>
</div><div class="content-pay-transparency"><div class="pay-input"><div class="description"><p><span style="font-size: 16px;"><strong><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; color: rgb(0, 0, 0);">How We'll Take Care of You:</span></strong></span></p>
<p><span style="font-size: 16px;">Our job titles may span more than one career level. The actual base pay is dependent upon many factors, such as: training, transferable skills, work experience, business needs and market demands. The base pay range shown below is annualized, is subject to change and may be modified in the future. This role may also be eligible for bonus, equity, benefits, and Employee Travel Credits.</span></p></div><div class="title">France Annual Pay Range</div><div class="pay-range"><span>€90.000</span><span class="divider">&mdash;</span><span>€110.000 EUR</span></div></div><div class="pay-input"><div class="description"><p><span style="font-size: 16px;"><strong><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; color: rgb(0, 0, 0);">How We'll Take Care of You:</span></strong></span></p>
<p><span style="font-size: 16px;">Our job titles may span more than one career level. The actual base pay is dependent upon many factors, such as: training, transferable skills, work experience, business needs and market demands. The base pay range shown below is annualized, is subject to change and may be modified in the future. This role may also be eligible for bonus, equity, benefits, and Employee Travel Credits.</span></p></div><div class="title">Ireland Annual Pay Range</div><div class="pay-range"><span>€90.000</span><span class="divider">&mdash;</span><span>€115.000 EUR</span></div></div></div>