<div class="content-intro"><p>From Fivetran’s founding until now, our mission has remained the same: to make access to data as simple and reliable as electricity. With Fivetran, customer data arrives in their warehouses, canonical and ready to query, with no engineering or maintenance required. We’re proud that more organizations continue to leverage our technology every day to become truly data-driven.</p></div><p><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;"><strong>About the Role</strong></span></p>
<p><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;">Fivetran is building data pipelines to power the modern data stack for thousands of companies.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;">We’re looking for a Staff Program Manager for our Central Engineering Operations team to help us reach our goals and help our Engineering team be the best that it can be!&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;">The mission for the Staff Program Manager, Central Engineering Operations, is to drive operational excellence and improve execution effectiveness across key Engineering and R&amp;D areas. Our Engineering organization is grouped into a number of functional global groups that are utilizing various processes, systems, tools, and KPIs in order to jointly deliver best-in-class data pipelines and drive innovation.</span><br><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;">&nbsp;</span><br><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;">The role focuses on increasing engineering and R&amp;D efficiency and effectiveness in delivering our strategic objectives by leading end-to-end major process and efficiency improvement projects and programs.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;">As the majority of the processes belong to the software development industry, the role assumes you have broad experience in software development, leading multiple programs, and shipping software from start to finish. You have worked closely with cross-functional teams with design, research, product, and engineering. Preferably, you work at a tech company and are heavily involved in engineering operations, understanding how engineering and R&amp;D processes work under the hood and how to take them to the next level, leveraging data-driven approaches.</span><br><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;">&nbsp;</span><br><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;">We want you to bring your passion for problem-solving, experience in the tech world, and the drive to help us get to the next level, and have some fun along the way.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;">This is a full-time position based out of our Novi Sad office. Our hybrid work model offers a blend of remote flexibility and in-person collaboration, including two days in the office each week to connect and build as a team.</span></p>
<p><strong><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;">What You’ll Do</span></strong></p>
<ul>
<li style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;"><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;">Ensure operations and strategy execution work seamlessly and effectively, and streamline engineering and R&amp;D processes to be simple, value-oriented, and scalable.</span></li>
<li style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;"><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;">Lead and manage engineering and R&amp;D process enhancements to set up or improve engineering and cross-departmental processes, and be responsible for transitioning them to operational state (all in coordination with key stakeholders), resulting in documented, repeatable, and measurable processes. This includes end-to-end work from problem definition and data analysis through solution proposal, alignment with R&amp;D leadership, and execution and adoption of the changes.</span></li>
<li style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;"><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;">Partner with engineering group leaders to improve planning, execution, and operational health within their organizations, with a particular focus on increasing the efficiency, stability, and effectiveness in the delivery of their strategic objectives.&nbsp;</span></li>
<li style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;"><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;">Support engineering leadership in quarterly planning, tracking OKRs, and driving execution against strategic priorities in consistent alignment with engineering-wide and R&amp;D policies and practices.</span></li>
<li style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;"><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;">Provide technical leadership and guidance to the team of operations managers to manage engineering initiatives, solve problems, and optimize and automate routine operations, increasing the team's and engineering's value-added time.</span></li>
<li style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;"><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;">Work closely with senior engineers and leadership teams to ensure strict adherence to operational processes. Conduct audits and check-ins to identify areas for improvement and ensure continuous process refinement.</span></li>
<li style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;"><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;">Collaborate with operations managers and cross-functional partners to improve execution, automate workflows, and increase operational efficiency, and also directly contribute to the improvement and support of our internal knowledge management process and information structure in collaboration with other Ops and PMO teams.</span></li>
<li style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;"><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;">Manage R&amp;D-wide initiatives. Coordinate and oversee the preparation, planning, and delivery of engineering updates, events, and R&amp;D-wide initiatives, ensuring alignment with corporate goals.</span></li>
<li style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;"><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;">Drive operational excellence across R&amp;D: spearhead and champion global operational strategies, focusing on optimizing engineering processes to be more efficient, scalable, and aligned with the company’s long-term vision.</span></li>
</ul>
<p><strong><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;">Skills We’re Looking For</span></strong></p>
<ul>
<li style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;"><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;">6+ years of experience in technical/operations management in the technology/software development industry with technical expertise that enables you to define automation requirements, automate operational workflows, and perform data analysis using query languages and AI.</span></li>
<li style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;"><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;">Ability to work directly with senior leadership on programs, including leading R&amp;D-wide (engineering, product, design, security) initiatives from start to finish.</span></li>
<li style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;"><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;">Proven experience in optimizing operations on an Engineering and R&amp;D scale, creating actionable plans, and managing execution to enhance operational effectiveness, efficiency, and scalability across multiple engineering teams and departments, and adhering to various compliance requirements.</span></li>
<li style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;"><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;">You can facilitate discussions with engineering subject matter experts on topics such as System Design, Data Architecture, Infrastructure Management (including cost management), Quality, etc., in the context of engineering operations.&nbsp;</span></li>
<li style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;"><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;">Ability to leverage AI to increase your own productivity and leverage it in the solutions you’re building.</span></li>
<li style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;"><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;">Excellent verbal and written communication and presentation skills with the ability to interact and collaborate with technical and non-technical groups at all levels.</span></li>
<li style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;"><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;">A data-driven and action-oriented mindset with excellent planning, analytical, problem-solving, project/program management, organizational, and leadership skills.</span></li>
</ul>
<p><strong><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;">Bonus Skills​</span></strong></p>
<ul>
<li style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;"><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;">Experience driving projects end-to-end, and shipping complex, large-scale software projects with global teams utilizing different SDLCs.</span></li>
<li style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;"><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;">Familiarity with project management tools like Jira and analytical tools like Looker and Sigma.</span></li>
<li style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;"><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;">Experience working at cloud platforms and SaaS companies in the past is a plus.</span></li>
<li style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;"><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;">Familiarity with the following technologies is a plus: Cloud service providers (AWS, GCP, Azure), ETL or ELT, modern data stack.</span></li>
</ul>
<p><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif; font-size: 10pt;">#LI-DC1<br>#LI-HYBRID</span></p><div class="content-conclusion"><p>&nbsp;</p>
<p class="p-rich\_text\_section" style="line-height: 1.3;"><strong data-stringify-type="bold">Perks and Benefits</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>100% employer-paid medical insurance<strong>\*</strong></li>
<li>Generous paid time-off policy (PTO), plus paid sick time, inclusive parental leave policy, holidays, and volunteer days off</li>
<li>RSU stock grants\*</li>
<li>Professional development and training opportunities</li>
<li>Company virtual happy hours, free food, and fun team-building activities</li>
<li>Monthly cell phone stipend</li>
<li>Access to an innovative mental health support platform that offers personalized care and resources in areas such as: therapy, coaching, and self-guided mindfulness exercises for all covered employees and their covered dependents.</li>
</ul>
<p style="line-height: 1.3;"><em><strong>\*</strong>May vary by country and worker type - please reach out to your recruiter for more information</em></p>
<p style="line-height: 1.3;"><em>Click <a href="https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1CdawUwjo1Q1B7ghZJ\_owdmmHB8VtqhBu?usp=sharing" target="\_blank">here</a> to learn more about Fivetran's Benefits by Region.</em></p>
<hr>
<p style="line-height: 1.3;">We’re honored to be <a class="c-link" href="https://fivetran.com/blog/hvr-acquisition-series-d" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://fivetran.com/blog/hvr-acquisition-series-d" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">valued at over $5.6 billion</a>, but more importantly, we’re proud of our&nbsp;<a class="c-link" href="https://fivetran.com/culture" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://fivetran.com/culture" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">core values of Get Stuck In, Do the Right Thing, and One Team, One Dream</a>. Read about us in&nbsp;<a class="c-link" href="https://fivetran-com.s3.amazonaws.com/news/forbes-aug-sept-2022-digital-reprint-10-21-22.pdf" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://fivetran-com.s3.amazonaws.com/news/forbes-aug-sept-2022-digital-reprint-10-21-22.pdf" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">Forbes</a>.&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;</p>
<p style="line-height: 1.3;">Fivetran brings together high-quality talent across the globe to make data access as easy and reliable as electricity for our customers. We value and recognize that our customers benefit from having innovative teams made of people from many backgrounds, experiences, and identities. Fivetran promotes diversity, equity, inclusion &amp; belonging through attracting, recruiting, developing, and retaining a diverse workforce, not only because it is the right thing to do, but because it helps us build a world-class company to better serve our customers, our people and our communities.</p>
<p style="line-height: 1.3;">To learn more about Fivetran’s culture and what it’s like to be part of the team, <a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xlhtp4dGh8o" target="\_blank">click here</a> and enjoy our video.</p>
<p style="line-height: 1.3;">To learn more about our candidate privacy policy, you can <a href="https://fivetran.com/candidate-privacy" target="\_blank">read our statement here</a>.</p>
<hr>
<p style="line-height: 1.3;"><em>We are committed to ensuring that all candidates have an equal opportunity to participate in our interview process. If you require accommodations at any stage of the process due to a disability, medical condition, or any other circumstance, please don't hesitate to submit your request by filling out this <a href="https://forms.gle/V7k3t4u9j523XkEt6">form</a>. We will work with you to provide reasonable accommodations to facilitate your participation and ensure a fair and accessible interview experience. Your request and any information provided will be kept confidential and will not impact your candidacy. We look forward to hearing from you and accommodating your needs to the best of our ability.</em></p></div>