<div class="content-intro"><h3>About ClickHouse</h3>
<p>Recognized on the 2025 Forbes Cloud 100 list, ClickHouse is one of the most innovative and fast-growing private cloud companies. With more than 3,000 customers and ARR that has grown over 250 percent year over year, ClickHouse leads the market in real-time analytics, data warehousing, observability, and AI workloads.</p>
<p>The company’s sustained, accelerating momentum was recently validated by a $400M Series D financing round. Over the past three months, customers including Capital One, Lovable, Decagon, Polymarket, and Airwallex have adopted the platform or expanded existing deployments. These customers join an established base of AI innovators and global brands such as Meta, Cursor, Sony, and Tesla.</p>
<p>We’re on a mission to transform how companies use data. Come be a part of our journey!</p></div><p>ClickHouse is looking to hire an experienced Product Marketing Engineer to join our Product Team. In this role, you will develop deep expertise as a ClickHouse practitioner, and translate key technical aspects of the product into compelling messaging that will resonate with prospective customers. This spans a broad spectrum of content types, from blog posts, to benchmarks, deep dives, guides, demos, conference and meetup presentations, webpages, docs, and more. You will perform competitive analysis and benchmarking to define and adjust our competitive positioning over time. Our objective as a team is to drive increased awareness and the successful adoption of ClickHouse in the market.</p>
<p><strong>What you will do</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Become a ClickHouse subject matter expert&nbsp;</li>
<li>Create product and marketing collateral such as blog posts, benchmarks, guides, demos, webpages, docs, deliver conference and meetup presentations, and more</li>
<li>Help define and drive our content strategy and roadmap</li>
<li>Evaluate and iterate on this strategy with metrics and feedback from stakeholders to track efficacy, identify areas for improvement, and make data-driven recommendations</li>
<li>Translate technical features and nuance into clear and concise value propositions that address customer needs and pain points</li>
<li>Conduct market research and competitive analysis to identify positioning opportunities</li>
<li>Collaborate cross-functionally with product management, marketing, and engineering teams</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>What you will bring</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>5+ years of engineering or product marketing engineering experience</li>
<li>Strong technical background with the ability to understand complex engineering concepts and communicate them effectively&nbsp;</li>
<li>Excellent written and verbal communication skills, with the ability to create compelling engineering content</li>
<li>Proven project management skills with the ability to manage multiple tasks and deadlines simultaneously</li>
<li>Team player with the ability to collaborate effectively across functions and levels of the organization</li>
<li>Passion for technology and innovation, with a drive to stay current on industry trends and advancements</li>
<li>Deep understanding of databases, particularly OLAP</li>
<li>Fluency in SQL</li>
<li>Bachelor's degree (BA/BS) in Computer Science or a related technical field</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><h3><strong>Compensation</strong></h3>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">For roles based in the&nbsp;<strong>United States</strong>, t</span>he typical starting salary range for this position is listed above. In certain locations, such as the San Francisco Bay Area and the New York City Metro Area, a premium market range may apply, as listed.</p>
<p class="p1">These salary ranges reflect what we reasonably and in good faith believe to be the minimum and maximum pay for this role at the time of posting. The actual compensation may be higher or lower than the amounts listed, and the ranges may be subject to future adjustments.</p>
<p class="p1">An individual’s placement within the range will depend on various factors, including (but not limited to) education, qualifications, certifications, experience, skills, location, performance, and the needs of the business or organization.</p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">If you have any questions or comments about compensation as a candidate, please get in touch with us at&nbsp;<a href="mailto:paytransparency@clickhouse.com">paytransparency@clickhouse.com</a>.</span></p>
<h3><strong>Perks</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><strong>Flexible work environment</strong><span style="font-weight: 400;"> - ClickHouse is a globally distributed company and remote-friendly. We currently operate in over 20 countries.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><strong>Healthcare</strong><span style="font-weight: 400;"> - Employer contributions towards your healthcare.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><strong>Equity in the company</strong><span style="font-weight: 400;"> - Every new team member who joins our company receives stock options.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><strong>Time off</strong><span style="font-weight: 400;"> - Flexible time off in the US, generous entitlement in other countries.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><strong>A $500 Home office setup </strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">if you’re a remote employee.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><strong>Global Gatherings </strong>– We believe in the power of in-person connection and offer opportunities to engage with colleagues at company-wide offsites.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Culture - We All Shape It</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">As part of a rapidly scaling start up, you will be instrumental in shaping our culture.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Are you interested in finding out more about our culture? &nbsp;Learn more about our values <a href="https://clickhouse.com/company/careers">here</a>.&nbsp; Check out our<a href="https://clickhouse.com/blog"> blog posts</a> or follow us on <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/company/clickhouseinc/life/0c1ee7f4-2129-488d-b413-e7f6270659fd/?viewAsMember=true">LinkedIn</a> to find out more about what’s happening at ClickHouse.</span></p>
<p><strong>Equal Opportunity &amp; Privacy&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>ClickHouse provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any type based on factors such as race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws.&nbsp;</p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Please see&nbsp;<a href="https://clickhouse.com/legal/applicant-privacy-notice" target="\_blank" data-saferedirecturl="https://www.google.com/url?q=https://www.elastic.co/legal/applicant-privacy-statement&amp;source=gmail&amp;ust=1611068262479000&amp;usg=AFQjCNG3orAPk5sJIr9WVm0ZDxYw82c5DA">here</a>&nbsp;for our Privacy Statement.</span></p></div>