<div class="content-intro"><div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
<div>
<p>At Cloudflare, we are on a mission to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers millions of websites and other Internet properties for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.&nbsp;</p>
<p>At Cloudflare, we’re not looking for people who wait for a polished roadmap; we’re looking for the builders who see the cracks in the Internet that everyone else has simply learned to live with. We value candidates who have the instinct to spot a "normalized" problem and the AI-native curiosity to create a solution using the latest tools. Our culture is built on iteration, leveraging AI to ship faster today to make it better tomorrow, while ensuring that every improvement, no matter how small, is shared across the team to lift everyone up. If you’re the type of person who values curiosity over bureaucracy, and that AI is a partner in solving tough problems to keep the Internet moving forward, you’ll fit right in.</p>
</div></div><h3><strong>Available Locations: Bangalore, India</strong></h3>
<h3><strong>About the Team</strong></h3>
<p>Our Business Development organization's mission is simple. It is to:</p>
<p>Contribute to Cloudflare's revenue generation engine by delivering pipeline at scale to our Sales counterparts. We will do this through a maniacal focus on people, process, and tools. The Business Development organization will be anchored in a culture focused on the development &amp; training of its employees, incubating talent across the company, teamwork, and celebrating success. When executed well, we believe the Business Development organization will be a competitive differentiator for Cloudflare.</p>
<h3><strong>What you’ll do</strong></h3>
<p>We’re looking for a people leader, a builder and a strategic thinker. <strong>Someone who has extensive Sales, Inside Sales or BDR/SDR management experience supporting the India region.</strong> Someone who can help build the operational infrastructure for our Business Development team. While building this infrastructure, the candidate will also be responsible for executing on quarterly targets, ideating on ways to scale the team, and preserving our collaborative culture.&nbsp; While the role is defined today, we expect the next 12 months to bring change and new challenges including helping to develop a growing team of extraordinary managers.</p>
<h3><strong>Responsibilities</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Drive a solid base for the operational infrastructure for the Business Development team.&nbsp; This includes data syndication, building effective prospecting motions, implementing tools and technology, and driving effective handoffs with Sales.</li>
<li>Develop and maintain effective partnerships with Sales, Marketing, Operations</li>
<ul>
<li>Sales - Mutual understanding of handoffs, qualification criteria and pipeline quality/quantity</li>
<li>Marketing - Quality/Quantity of MQL’s, campaign measurement &amp; effectiveness, messaging development</li>
<li>Operations - reporting, process improvements</li>
</ul>
<li>Stay up to date and infuse industry best practices on effective Business Development strategies into the organization. Collaborate internally with other regions to learn/share on what's working.&nbsp;&nbsp;</li>
<li>Managing a group of 5+ Business Development professionals.&nbsp;&nbsp;</li>
<li>Recruit, interview, and hire BDRs at scale</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>Requirements</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>At least 10 years of total professional experience, with 5+ years specifically in a leadership capacity overseeing BDR/SDR or Inside Sales functions</li>
<li>More than 5 years’ professional experience working in a rapidly growing technology company</li>
<li>Strong understanding of the tech landscape across India</li>
<li>Bachelor’s degree required</li>
<li>Proven track record of closing sales and exceeding quota</li>
<li>Experience building career development programs for high performing individual contributors</li>
<li>Experience with funnel management across multiple channels (inbound, upsell, outbound, marketing)</li>
<li>Knowledge of using Salesforce and related systems (data tools, Lean Data, Sales Acceleration tools, etc.)</li>
<li>Excellent project management skills</li>
<li>Self-motivated and possess entrepreneurial spirit</li>
<li>Comfortable working in a fast paced and dynamic environment</li>
<li>Strong interpersonal communication skills (both verbal &amp; written)</li>
<li>Aptitude in learning technical concepts &amp; terms</li>
<li>Demonstrate excellent communication skills</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: Since 2014, we've equipped more than 2,400 journalism and civil society organizations in 111 countries with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: In 2017, we created the Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration. Since the project, we've provided services to more than 425 local government election websites in 33 states.</span></p>
<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Please note that applicants who progress to the offer stage of the interview process may be asked to attend an in-person interview within one of the Cloudflare Offices or Cloudflare Hubs.&nbsp; More details about this will be available at that stage of the interview process.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p></div>