<h2><strong>Who we are</strong></h2>
<h3><strong>About Stripe</strong></h3>
<p>Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies—from the world’s largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyone’s reach while doing the most important work of your career.</p>
<h3><strong>About the team</strong></h3>
<p>The DACH team is a highly consultative sales team responsible for both winning new business and driving the growth of Stripe's most strategic customers across Germany, Austria, and Switzerland. We work with the most ambitious market leaders and high-growth innovators — from Personio , FREE NOW, N26 to Westwing — helping them build the financial infrastructure that powers their next stage of growth.</p>
<p>Stripe's payments and financial infrastructure is the engine that unlocks new revenue streams, automates complex local compliance, and drives global expansion for the region's most prominent businesses. This is a pivotal moment for Stripe in DACH — the market opportunity is significant, and we're looking for someone who wants to help shape it.</p>
<h2><strong>What you’ll do</strong></h2>
<p>As an Enterprise Account Executive, you’ll own the full sales cycle, from prospecting and closing to managing existing relationships and identifying new opportunities to expand Stripe’s footprint within existing accounts. Specifically, we’re looking for someone who can execute on long-term sales strategies, engage with internal and external stakeholders, align on technical and business requirements with product teams, build value in competitive situations, lead commercial negotiations, and close deals.</p>
<h3><strong>Responsibilities</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Work with both new and existing Stripe customers to develop and execute long-term sales strategies to expand Stripe’s revenue</li>
<li>Own the full sales cycle, from business case development, to deal structuring and negotiating, to close</li>
<li>Own a named account list and develop account plans for winning and expanding business with high growth technology companies</li>
<li>Develop outbound strategies to create and nurture opportunities</li>
<li>Work with both new and existing Stripe customers to develop and execute long-term sales strategies to expand Stripe’s revenue&nbsp;</li>
<li>Drive deal strategy and commercial negotiations for large, complex renewals</li>
<li>Develop relationships with executive stakeholders within your book of business</li>
<li>Be responsible for account mapping and coordinating effective meetings with the appropriate external stakeholders expanding the customer relationship</li>
<li>Lead and contribute to team projects to develop and refine our sales process and help shape the Stripe sales culture</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Who you are</strong></h2>
<p>We’re looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.</p>
<h3><strong>Minimum requirements</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>6+ years of sales experience, preferably selling a highly technical product to enterprise customers, with a track record of top performance</li>
<li>Ability to understand technical requirements and craft solutions across multiple products</li>
<li>Ability to develop and execute account plans spanning multiple business units across complex organizations</li>
<li>A knack for working well with a wide range of people, both internally and externally</li>
<li>Strong presentation skills, particularly for in-person meetings with multiple stakeholders</li>
<li>Proven ability to lead complex negotiations involving bespoke commercial agreements</li>
<li>Superior verbal and written communication skills in English and in German.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Ability to operate in a highly ambiguous and fast-paced environment</li>
<li>Strong interest in technology and a deep understanding of the space</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>