<div class="content-intro"><p>GitLab is the intelligent orchestration platform for DevSecOps. GitLab enables organizations to increase developer productivity, improve operational efficiency, reduce security and compliance risk, and accelerate digital transformation. More than 50 million registered users and more than 50% of the Fortune 100\* trust GitLab to ship better, more secure software faster.</p>
<p>The same principles built into our products are reflected in how our team works: we embrace AI as a core productivity multiplier, with all team members expected to incorporate AI into their daily workflows to drive efficiency, innovation, and impact. GitLab is where careers accelerate, innovation flourishes, and every voice is valued. Our high-performance culture is driven by our <a href="https://handbook.gitlab.com/handbook/values/">values</a> and continuous knowledge exchange, enabling our team members to reach their full potential while collaborating with industry leaders to solve complex problems. <a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OuZIb5zszQI">Co-create the future with us</a> as we build technology that transforms how the world develops software.</p>
<p>\*<em>Fortune 500® is a registered trademark of Fortune Media IP Limited, used under license. Claim based on GitLab data. Fortune 100 refers to the top 20% ranked companies in the 2025 Fortune 500 list, published in June 2025. Fortune and Fortune Media IP Limited are not affiliated with, and do not endorse products or services of GitLab.</em></p></div><h3><strong>Enablement Lead (EMEA)&nbsp;</strong></h3>
<p>United Kingdom (Remote)</p>
<p>This role reports to the Vice President, Enablement &amp; AI Strategy.</p>
<h4>Responsibilities</h4>
<ul>
<li>Develop and lead the successful execution of sales enablement programs to ensure internal and external EMEA customers and partners are equipped with content, resources, tools and training to effectively differentiate and sell the GitLab solution.</li>
<li>Partner with field leadership across the EMEA region to identify needs, build out plans, and tailor/deliver content, customized to the nuances of the specific teams/markets.</li>
<li>Scope and build new enablement content, including programs focused on product knowledge, skill development, onboarding, leadership development, and many other areas, specifically for the EMEA region.</li>
<li>Collaborate with the enablement content and operations teams, along with other SMEs to identify and develop core sales training and enablement curriculum, customized for the EMEA region, for various internal and external audiences.</li>
<li>Ensure alignment of sales enablement activities with key internal and external events, such as new product releases, campaigns, and essential industry trade shows.</li>
<li>Leverage Salesforce, Cornerstone, Gong, and other tools to deliver training to EMEA and educate them on how to use specific tools in the region.</li>
<li>Develop sales training job aids, supporting materials, and assessments to enhance field effectiveness in EMEA.</li>
<li>Measure and report on the effectiveness of sales enablement investments and the programs conducted.</li>
<li>Determine opportunities for improving the sales learning experience and identify innovative techniques for delivery.</li>
</ul>
<h4>Requirements</h4>
<ul>
<li>Demonstrated progressive experience in a software sales or sales enablement role.</li>
<li>Ability to continuously meet due dates and execute on projects with positive impact from stakeholders.</li>
<li>Experience building relationships with sales leaders and their teams.</li>
<li>Software sales or sales enablement experience, preferably with expertise in DevOps and/or Open Source.</li>
<li>Working knowledge of sales training technology and methodologies; demonstrable experience with sales enablement concepts, practices, and procedures.</li>
<li>Relevant experience preparing, developing, and executing sales effectiveness strategies, tactics and action plans.</li>
<li>Ability to quickly understand technical concepts and explain them to audiences of varying technical expertise (sales team, customers, channel partners, and internal support partners).</li>
<li>Strong ability to interact and influence effectively with field sales professionals and management.</li>
<li>Exceptional written/verbal communication and presentation skills.</li>
<li>Team player with strong interpersonal skills, skilled at project and change management and cross-functional collaboration.</li>
<li>Ability to thrive in a fast-paced, unpredictable environment.</li>
<li>Ability to use GitLab</li>
</ul>
<p>Aligns with GitLab <a href="https://handbook.gitlab.com/handbook/values/">Values</a></p>
<p>Additional details about our process can be found on our<a href="https://about.gitlab.com/handbook/hiring/interviewing/" target="\_blank">&nbsp;hiring page</a>.</p>
<div class="c-message\_actions\_\_container c-message\_\_actions">&nbsp;</div>
<div><span style="font-size: xx-small;"><span style="color: white;">Remote-Global</span></span></div><div class="content-conclusion"><h4><strong>How GitLab Supports Full-Time Employees</strong></h4>
<ul>
<li><a href="https://about.gitlab.com/handbook/total-rewards/benefits/general-and-entity-benefits/">Benefits to support your health, finances, and well-being</a></li>
<li><a href="https://handbook.gitlab.com/handbook/people-group/paid-time-off/">Flexible Paid Time Off</a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="https://about.gitlab.com/company/culture/inclusion/erg-guide/#:~:text=Definition%20of%20the%20TMRG%20%2D%20Team%20Member%20Resource%20Groups,-TMRGs%20are%20voluntary&amp;text=The%20purpose%20for%20this%20type,developing%20the%20sense%20of%20belonging.">Team Member Resource Groups</a></li>
<li><a href="https://handbook.gitlab.com/handbook/total-rewards/stock-options/">Equity Compensation &amp; Employee Stock Purchase Plan</a></li>
<li><a href="https://handbook.gitlab.com/handbook/people-group/learning-and-development/growth-and-development/">Growth and Development Fund</a></li>
<li><a href="https://about.gitlab.com/handbook/total-rewards/benefits/general-and-entity-benefits/#parental-leave">Parental leave</a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="https://handbook.gitlab.com/handbook/finance/expenses/#equipment">Home office</a> support</li>
</ul>
<p>Please note that we welcome interest from candidates with varying levels of experience; many successful candidates do not meet every single requirement. Additionally, studies have shown that people from <a href="https://about.gitlab.com/company/culture/inclusion/#examples-of-select-underrepresented-groups">underrepresented groups</a> are less likely to apply to a job unless they meet every single qualification. If you're excited about this role, please apply and allow our recruiters to assess your application.</p>
<hr>
<p><strong>Country Hiring Guidelines: </strong>GitLab hires new team members in countries around the world. All of our roles are remote, however some roles may carry specific location-based eligibility requirements. Our Talent Acquisition team can help answer any questions about location after starting the recruiting process.&nbsp;&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Privacy Policy: </strong>Please review our <a href="https://handbook.gitlab.com/handbook/hiring/candidate-faq/recruitment-privacy-policy/" target="\_blank">Recruitment Privacy Policy.</a> Your privacy is important to us.</p>
<p>GitLab is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. GitLab’s policies and practices relating to recruitment, employment, career development and advancement, promotion, and retirement are based solely on merit, regardless of race, color, religion, ancestry, sex (including pregnancy, lactation, sexual orientation, gender identity, or gender expression), national origin, age, citizenship, marital status, mental or physical disability, genetic information (including family medical history), discharge status from the military, protected veteran status (which includes disabled veterans, recently separated veterans, active duty wartime or campaign badge veterans, and Armed Forces service medal veterans), or any other basis protected by law. GitLab will not tolerate discrimination or harassment based on any of these characteristics. See also&nbsp;<a href="https://about.gitlab.com/handbook/people-policies/inc-usa/#equal-employment-opportunity-policy" target="\_blank">GitLab’s EEO Policy</a>&nbsp;and&nbsp;<a href="https://about.gitlab.com/handbook/labor-and-employment-notices/#eeoc-us-equal-employment-opportunity-commission-notices" target="\_blank">EEO is the Law</a>. If you have a disability or special need that requires&nbsp;<a href="https://about.gitlab.com/handbook/people-policies/inc-usa/#reasonable-accommodation" target="\_blank">accommodation</a>, please let us know during the&nbsp;<a href="https://about.gitlab.com/handbook/hiring/interviewing/#adjustments-to-our-interview-process" target="\_blank">recruiting process</a>.</p></div>