<p>
  <strong>Headquarters:</strong> 
</p>

<p><span><span>English Version</span></span><br><br></p><br><p>We are seeking someone with a strong background in Linux and cloud technologies. In this role, you will not only support our customers using Atmosphere, our open-source cloud product, but also provide critical support to our internal CloudOps team that manages our public and private cloud infrastructure.</p><br><p><br></p><br><p>This role is an exciting opportunity for those with a passion for open-source development and technology to join Atmosphere. You will be part of a dedicated team of industry professionals, and your work will contribute to the success of our users and operations team.</p><br><p><br></p><br><p>Your role will involve tackling and resolving complex technical problems, ranging from intricate cloud environment issues to unique system crashes and OS configuration challenges. We strive to provide an expert level of support to our customers, ensuring their satisfaction.</p><br><p><br></p><br><p>We are on a rapid growth trajectory and are looking for talented problem solvers who are passionate about developing the next generation of our cloud solutions.</p><br><p><br></p><br><p>This is a remote role, with a preference for candidates available during the Americas timezones.<br><br><span>This individual must have OpenStack, Kubernetes, Helm, and Ansible experience. If the individual has some of the following experience, it would be a bonus: Atmosphere, Prometheus, Python, SRE, and Infrastructure as Code. One great benefit is that you would be able to work from home.</span><br></p><br><p><br></p><br><p><span>Responsibilities:</span></p><br><ul><br><li>Engage directly with customers and the internal CloudOps team, handling issues through phone, ticketing system, and remote sessions.</li><br><li>Investigate and resolve complex problems related to Atmosphere's portfolio of products.<br></li><br><li>Contribute to and maintain our knowledge base, sharing knowledge and lessons learned with customers and the internal team.</li><br><li>Handle each support case you own in accordance with our Service Level Agreement (SLA), ensuring high customer satisfaction by setting and meeting expectations.</li><br></ul><br><p><br><span>Requirements:</span></p><br><ul><br><li>Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Information Technology, or a related field, or equivalent experience.</li><br><li>Demonstrable understanding of cloud architecture and principles.</li><br><li>Proficiency in Kubernetes and Ceph or other storage platforms.</li><br><li>Strong customer service skills, and the ability to interact professionally with a diverse group of customers and internal team.</li><br><li>Ability to work independently with minimal direction.</li><br><li>A background check is required.</li><br></ul><br><p><br><span>Preferred:</span></p><br><ul><br><li>Experience with cloud services, particularly with a focus on OpenStack technologies.</li><br><li>Relevant certifications in cloud technologies, such as Certified OpenStack Administrator or Certified Kubernetes Administrator.</li><br><li>Familiarity with ML2/OVS or OVN.</li><br><li>Understanding of networking protocols and principles, as well as network virtualization.</li><br></ul><br><p><br>Join our team to contribute to the continued success of Atmosphere while expanding your technical skills in a dynamic, fast-paced environment.</p>

<p><strong>To apply:</strong> <a href="https://weworkremotely.com/remote-jobs/vexxhost-openstack-cloud-engineer-devops">https://weworkremotely.com/remote-jobs/vexxhost-openstack-cloud-engineer-devops</a></p>