<p>We’re looking for early-career engineers to help us collect, aggregate, visualize, and analyze high-scale metrics, logs, and application data. Software engineering at Datadog includes a variety of exciting opportunities. Interested in distributed systems or Kubernetes across tens of thousands of nodes? Looking to build out products like Real User Monitoring or Cloud Security Management or perhaps join one of our internal teams helping engineering teams ship apps quickly? Want to see your work actually impact and improve the product in a meaningful way? We’ve got you covered. Whether you’re writing a new integration, building data pipelines, or working with the open-source community, our early-career engineers are key contributors to our product.</p>
<p>Datadog offers the unique opportunity to work on large-scale, real-time systems by engineers for engineers. Our product is multi-cloud and collects more than a hundred trillion events per day for 28,000+ customers. Early-career engineers work towards the same objectives as their senior teammates to bring lasting impact to our products.</p>
<p>We place value in our office culture - the relationships that it builds, the creativity it brings to the table, and the collaboration of being together. Our hybrid workplace ensures our employees can create a work-life harmony that best fits them.</p>
<p>Students can sign up anytime for a free <a href="https://www.datadoghq.com/blog/datadog-github-student-developer-pack/" target="\_blank">Datadog Pro account</a>!</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>What You’ll Do:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Solve a scaling bottleneck in a critical service</li>
<li>Deploy a new feature to production and progressively roll it out with feature flags</li>
<li>Investigate and fix a production issue from a service your team owns</li>
<li>Create a way to optimize a service to handle more traffic at scale</li>
<li>In partnership with your team, plan the most important projects to work on next</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Who You Are:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>You are in the process of receiving/have a degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering or related scientific field, or equivalent experience</li>
<li>You are targeting a 2026 full-time start date</li>
<li>You are comfortable coding in one or more languages&nbsp;</li>
<li>You value code simplicity and performance</li>
<li>You want to work in a fast-paced environment that values its employees and customers</li>
<li>You are a self-starter who enjoys partnering with other engineers and solving difficult problems</li>
<li>You’re excited about leveraging AI tools to enhance how you code, solve problems, and build – or eager to learn how</li>
<li>You’re looking for or have some exposure using AI coding tools in day-to-day workflows and validate, critique, and refine AI-generated output</li>
<li>Bonus: you’re motivated to push the boundaries of how AI can improve software engineering best practices and contribute to building AI-enabled products</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><em>Datadog values people from all walks of life. We understand not everyone will meet all the above qualifications on day one. That's okay. If you’re passionate about technology and want to grow your skills, we encourage you to apply.&nbsp;</em></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Benefits and Growth:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>New hire stock equity (RSUs) and employee stock purchase plan (ESPP)</li>
<li>Continuous professional development, product training, and career pathing</li>
<li>Intradepartmental mentor and buddy program for in-house networking</li>
<li>An inclusive company culture, ability to join our Community Guilds (Datadog employee resource groups) and monthly company social events</li>
<li>Unlimited snacks and drinks in our office; catered lunches on Monday, Wednesday, and Friday</li>
<li>Free, global mental health benefits for employees and dependents age 6+</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><em>Benefits and Growth listed above may vary based on the country of your employment and the nature of your employment with Datadog.</em></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong><em>Please ensure that you submit your CV/resume in English. </em></strong><em>If possible, please apply using your personal email address instead of your university email address.</em></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p style="color: white;">#LI-Onsite</p><div class="content-conclusion"><hr>
<p><strong>About Datadog:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>Datadog (NASDAQ: DDOG) is a global SaaS business, delivering a rare combination of growth and profitability. We are on a mission to break down silos and solve complexity in the cloud age by enabling digital transformation, cloud migration, and infrastructure monitoring of our customers’ entire technology stacks. Built by engineers, for engineers, Datadog is used by organizations of all sizes across a wide range of industries. Together, we champion professional development, diversity of thought, innovation, and work excellence to empower continuous growth. Join the pack and become part of a collaborative, pragmatic, and thoughtful people-first community where we solve tough problems, take smart risks, and celebrate one another. Learn more about #DatadogLife on <a href="https://www.instagram.com/datadoghq/?hl=en" target="\_blank">Instagram</a>, <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/company/datadog" target="\_blank">LinkedIn,</a> and <a href="https://learn.datadoghq.com/" target="\_blank">Datadog Learning Center. </a></p>
<hr>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="215"><strong data-renderer-mark="true">Equal Opportunity at Datadog:</strong></p>
<p>Datadog is proud to offer <a href="https://www.eeoc.gov/sites/default/files/2023-06/22-088\_EEOC\_KnowYourRights6.12ScreenRdr.pdf" target="\_blank">equal employment opportunity</a> to everyone regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity, veteran status, and other characteristics protected by law. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. Here are our <a href="https://www.datadoghq.com/legal/candidate-legal-notices/" target="\_blank">Candidate Legal Notices</a> for your reference.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Datadog endeavors to make our Careers Page accessible to all users. If you would like to contact us regarding the accessibility of our website or need assistance completing the application process, please complete <a href="https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSeoJeduEZ2NdZF\_65uZmWUrCM-zee7yADXX1s6Xr9zAGq8iKA/viewform" target="\_blank">this form</a>. This form is for accommodation requests only and cannot be used to inquire about the status of applications.&nbsp;</p>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="662"><strong data-renderer-mark="true">Privacy and AI Guidelines:</strong></p>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="662">Any information you submit to Datadog as part of your application will be processed in accordance with Datadog’s&nbsp;<a class="c-link" href="https://www.datadoghq.com/legal/applicant-candidate-privacy/" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://www.datadoghq.com/legal/applicant-candidate-privacy/" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">Applicant and Candidate Privacy Notice</a>. For information on our AI policy, please visit <a href="https://www.datadoghq.com/legal/interviewing-at-datadog-ai-guidelines/" target="\_blank">Interviewing at Datadog AI Guidelines</a>.</p></div>