**About the Team**

As the Growth team, we play a key role in making Meesho one of the most sought-after e-commerce destinations in India. We hold end-to-end responsibility to launch and scale-up users on the platform by ensuring the right selection, competitive pricing and sales. As a Senior video editor in our team, you will join us to create the best user experience in the online shopping journey – video by video.

From acquiring users onto the platform through marketing to training them through educational content and webinars, we look after all funnels of the user’s life on Meesho. We also engage and retain our users on the platform with growth-related initiatives. We want to enable every user to experience the power of internet commerce.

We focus on personal growth and team bonding just as much as we do on working hard. That is why, we have regular 1-1s, monthly outings, and timely rewards and recognitions.

**About the Role**

As a Senior Creative Producer - in the Growth creative team, you will play a pivotal role in driving business growth for Meesho by crafting visually captivating content tailored to our user base. Collaborating closely with copy writers, art directors, video producers, and marketing teams, you will be responsible for producing compelling marketing materials across various mediums.

Your responsibilities will encompass creating video content for a wide range of channels, including films, promos, print materials, outdoor displays, digital platforms, and activations. Consistently creating value for the video content through high quality outcomes.  Ensuring excellence in all aspects of work. Efficiently managing time, prioritizing tasks, and achieving higher standards. Adapting quickly to new roles, responsibilities, and changing circumstances, showing resilience and agility.

In this role, your creative skills and motion expertise will be instrumental in capturing the attention of our target audience and contributing to the overall growth and success of the business.

## What will you do

- Take end-to-end ownership of video production for brand campaigns, sales, and any brand-video initiatives.
- Ideate and propose new creative experiments, ensuring they drive impact, and maintain comprehensive documentation to align and provide - visibility.
- Develop a master plan for video production, crafting new storytelling techniques and treatments from a strategic perspective to drive significant impact.
- Participate in creative processes (CPD, LOD, Experiments, Retro, etc.) and optimize creative development for maximum efficiency.
- Planning & executing shoots: Plan and execute video shoots, including setting up equipment, and directing the presenters. Deep dive and build production learnings on casting, screenplay, cinematography, lightings, etc wrt to brand campaign performance.
- Create detailed briefs for internal teams and external agencies, overseeing the entire creative production process between stakeholders, internal teams, and external collaborators.
- Monitor key branding metrics and develop actionable strategies to achieve the desired outcomes.
- Track initiatives and assess the impact contributed by individual team members.
- Oversee project management activities for strategic and high-impact projects and their corresponding workstreams.
- Demonstrate the ability to assess, evaluate, and prioritize projects and workstreams, adapting guidelines and providing guidance to teams during project execution.
- Select the appropriate production house and director for campaigns, making decisions from a strategic standpoint.
- Drive execution excellence through a growth mindset, extreme ownership, and creative efficiency—ensuring fresh, insight-driven content, visual experimentation, brand alignment, thorough QA, and accountable timeline planning

## What you will need

- Bachelor’s degree in film, Media Production, or a related field (or equivalent work experience).
- Excellent understanding of brand campaign production and strong lens for creativity and driving impact through video campaigns.
- Proven experience as a Video Producer, showcasing a strong portfolio that demonstrates creativity, technical skills, and proficiency in video editing software.
- Proficiency in video editing softwares such as Adobe Creative Suite, Final Cut Pro, or other industry-standard editing tools.
- Post production and motion graphic expertise.
- Strong knowledge of the production process like handling the team, lights, equipment and camera.
- Production process, including lighting, sound, and camera operation.

**About us**

Welcome to Meesho, where every story begins with a spark of inspiration and a dash of entrepreneurial spirit. We're not just a platform; we're your partner in turning dreams into realities.

**Curious about life at Meesho? Explore our Glassdoor - our people have a lot to say and they've helped us become a loved workplace in India.**

**Our Mission**

Democratising internet commerce for everyone — Meesho (Meri Shop) started with a single idea in mind: to be an e-commerce destination for Indian consumers and to enable small businesses to succeed online.

We provide our sellers with benefits such as zero commission and affordable shipping solutions in the market. Today, sellers nationwide are growing their businesses by tapping into Meesho’s large and diverse customer base, state-of-the-art tech infrastructure, and pan-India logistics network through trusted third-party partners.

Affordable, relatable merchandise that mirrors local markets has helped us connect with internet users and serve customers across urban, semi-urban, and rural India. Our unique business model and continuous innovation have established us as a part of India’s e-commerce ecosystem.

**Culture and Total Rewards**

Our focus is on cultivating a dynamic workplace characterized by high impact and performance excellence. We prioritize a people-centric culture, dedicated to hiring and developing exceptional talent.

Total rewards at Meesho comprise a comprehensive set of elements — monetary, non-monetary, tangible, and intangible. Our 9 guiding principles, or "Mantras," are the backbone of how we operate, influencing everything from recognition and evaluation to growth discussions. Daily rituals and processes like “Problem First Mindset,” “Listen or Die,” our Internal Mobility Program, Talent Reviews, and Continuous Performance Management embody these principles.

We offer competitive compensation — both cash and equity-based — tailored to job roles, individual experience, and skill, along with employee-centric benefits and a supportive work environment. Our holistic wellness program, MeeCare, includes benefits across physical, mental, financial, and social wellness. This includes extensive medical insurance for employees and their families, wellness initiatives like telehealth, wellness events, and fitness-related perks.

To support work-life balance, we offer generous leave policies, parental support, retirement benefits, and learning and development assistance. Through personalized recognition, gratitude for stretched work, and engaging activities, we promote employee delight at the workplace. Additional benefits such as salary advance support, relocation assistance, and flexible benefit plans further enrich the Meesho experience.

Know more about Meesho here : <https://www.meesho.io/>