<div class="content-intro"><p><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif; font-size: 12pt;">Airbnb was born in 2007 when two hosts welcomed three guests to their San Francisco home, and has since grown to over 5 million hosts who have welcomed over 2 billion guest arrivals in almost every country across the globe. Every day, hosts offer unique stays and experiences that make it possible for guests to connect with communities in a more authentic way.</span></p></div><p><strong>The Community You Will Join:</strong></p>
<p>The Global Markets team is focusing on evolving our guest and host experiences for global markets to accelerate international growth. Expanding in under-penetrated global markets is a key pillar of our company’s growth strategy. To achieve this, we want to innovate in every sense of the world and adapt our product for every corner of the globe. We want every user in each of our 220+ countries and regions to feel right at home.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>The Difference You Will Make:</strong></p>
<p>In this role, you will partner closely with product managers, designers, engineers and operations across regions to build and optimize products that resonate with Airbnb guests and hosts around the world. Your work will span a variety of impactful projects, touching multiple markets and product surfaces. You will have the opportunity to directly contribute to global markets products by transforming business goals into measurable outcomes, diving deep into customer behavior nuances, delivering statistical insights and data products, and championing the technical solutions that ensure our products are thoughtfully tailored to the needs of our diverse user base.</p>
<p><strong>A Typical Day:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Work closely with cross-functional stakeholders to define product scopes, evaluate impact, and set roadmap priorities</li>
<li>Architect and implement rigorous measurement plans, using A/B tests and quasi-experimental methods to assess product success and inform strategic bets</li>
<li>Interpret unexpected outcomes, identify bias in experiments, and drive solutions to ensure measurement quality&nbsp;</li>
<li>Conduct in-depth research into customer behaviors and preferences across markets to unlock opportunities for international business growth</li>
<li>Develop scalable frameworks, models and systems that enable product features to be more refined and tailored to the needs of local markets</li>
<li>Actively present data findings and ideas to stakeholders at different levels, and turn proposals into actions and tangible results for the business and our customers</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Your Expertise:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>5+ years of industry experience in a fast-paced tech environment with a BS/Master’s in a technical field related to mathematics, computer science, statistics, economics, machine learning, or 2+ years of relevant experience and a PhD in similar fields.</li>
<li>Strong knowledge of causal inference and experimentation</li>
<li>Expertise in SQL, Python or R</li>
<li>Ability to solve business problems using appropriate methods and models</li>
<li>Strong stakeholder communication skills and the ability to translate complex analyses into compelling narratives and business actions</li>
<li>Working experience on marketplace at a global scale is a plus</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Your Location</strong></p>
<p>This position is China - Remote Eligible. The role may include occasional work at an Airbnb office or attendance at offsites, as agreed to with your manager. Your recruiter will inform you what cities you are able to work from depending on your personal legal working identity and Airbnb internal policies.</p>
<p><strong>Our Commitment To Inclusion &amp; Belonging:</strong></p>
<p>Airbnb is committed to working with the broadest talent pool possible. We believe diverse ideas foster innovation and engagement, and allow us to attract creatively-led people, and to develop the best products, services and solutions. All qualified individuals are encouraged to apply.</p>