<p>Canonical is a leading provider of open source software and operating systems to the global enterprise and technology markets. Our platform, Ubuntu, is very widely used in breakthrough enterprise initiatives such as public cloud, data science, AI, engineering innovation, and IoT. Our customers include the world's leading public cloud and silicon providers, and industry leaders in many sectors. The company is a pioneer of global distributed collaboration, with 1200+ colleagues in 75+ countries and very few office-based roles. Teams meet two to four times yearly in person, in interesting locations around the world, to align on strategy and execution.</p>
<p>The company is founder-led, profitable, and growing.</p>
<p><strong>Open Role: Graduate Product Marketing Manager</strong></p>
<p>Marketers at Canonical are brand stewards and demand creators.They transform complex open-source technology into messages, stories and strategies that shape the market understanding of our vision.<em> </em>&nbsp;Some focus on differentiated product and portfolio positioning; others specialize in account-based engagement, partner and alliance messaging, or product-led growth. Whatever their specialization, each marketer works as part of a cross-functional unit, contributing campaigns and insights that help the company learn and grow faster.</p>
<p>We have a bias for action, focus efforts on the most impactful activities and take ownership of our results. We work across long buying cycles, balance storytelling with data, design experiments, track outcomes, and iterate rapidly to find what works.</p>
<p>Marketers at Canonical don’t just promote open source; they amplify it, ensuring our innovations reach the right people, at the right time, with clarity and purpose from developers to decision makers.</p>
<p data-path-to-node="5">As a Graduate PMM, you won't just be watching from the sidelines; you will be hands-on from day one, collaborating with cross-functional teams to translate complex technical innovations into compelling market value.</p>
<p><strong>Location:</strong> <em>This role will be based remotely in the EMEA region and will report to the Product Marketing Team Manager</em></p>
<p><strong>What your day will look like</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>
<p data-path-to-node="7,0,0"><strong>GTM Support: </strong>Contribute to go-to-market planning and assist in the execution of product launches across various sectors.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-path-to-node="7,1,0"><strong>Storytelling:</strong> Draft and edit compelling messaging and positioning that highlights business value for diverse target audiences.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-path-to-node="7,2,0"><strong>Campaign Coordination:</strong> Assist in developing campaign plans and content dissemination strategies to ensure our message reaches the right people.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-path-to-node="7,4,0"><strong>Cross-Functional Collaboration</strong>: Partner with demand generation and digital teams to help optimize marketing funnels and track campaign performance.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-path-to-node="7,5,0"><strong>Event &amp; Social Support:</strong> Work with the wider marketing team to coordinate webinars, events, and social media promotions.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-path-to-node="7,6,0"><strong>Market Research:</strong> Monitor the competitive landscape and industry trends to help refine our product differentiation.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>What we are looking for in you</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>
<p data-path-to-node="10,0,0"><strong data-path-to-node="10,0,0" data-index-in-node="0">Tech Curiosity:</strong> A genuine passion for technology and a desire to learn about open source.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-path-to-node="10,1,0"><strong data-path-to-node="10,1,0" data-index-in-node="0">Analytical Thinking:</strong> An ability to break down complex issues and translate them into clear, actionable recommendations.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-path-to-node="10,2,0"><strong data-path-to-node="10,2,0" data-index-in-node="0">Collaboration:</strong> Strong interpersonal skills with the ability to build relationships within a fast-paced, cross-functional environment.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-path-to-node="10,3,0"><strong data-path-to-node="10,3,0" data-index-in-node="0">Communication:</strong> Excellent verbal and written communication skills; you enjoy storytelling and creating impactful content.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-path-to-node="10,4,0"><strong data-path-to-node="10,4,0" data-index-in-node="0">Proactive Mindset:</strong> A self-starter who can prioritize tasks effectively and meet deadlines in a dynamic setting.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-path-to-node="10,5,0"><strong data-path-to-node="10,5,0" data-index-in-node="0">Foundational Knowledge:</strong> A basic understanding of marketing principles or go-to-market strategies (via your degree, internships, or personal projects).</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-path-to-node="10,6,0"><strong data-path-to-node="10,6,0" data-index-in-node="0">Growth Mindset:</strong> Someone who is eager to learn, open to feedback, and not afraid to take on new challenges.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>What we offer you</strong></p>
<p>Your base pay will depend on various factors including your geographical location, level of experience, knowledge and skills. In addition to the benefits above, certain roles are also eligible for additional benefits and rewards including annual bonuses and sales incentives based on revenue or utilisation. Our compensation philosophy is to ensure equity right across our global workforce.&nbsp;&nbsp;</p>
<p>In addition to a competitive base pay, we provide all team members with additional benefits, which reflect our values and ideals. Please note that additional benefits may apply depending on the work location and, for more information on these, please ask your Talent Partner.</p>
<ul>
<li>Fully remote working environment - we’ve been working remotely since 2004!</li>
<li>Personal learning and development budget of 2,000USD per annum</li>
<li>Annual compensation review</li>
<li>Recognition rewards</li>
<li>Annual holiday leave</li>
<li>Parental Leave</li>
<li>Employee Assistance Programme</li>
<li>Opportunity to travel to new locations to meet colleagues at ‘sprints’</li>
<li>Priority Pass for travel and travel upgrades for long haul company events</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>About Canonical</strong></p>
<p>Canonical is a pioneering tech firm that is at the forefront of the global move to open source. As the company that publishes Ubuntu, one of the most important open source projects and the platform for AI, IoT and the cloud, we are changing the world on a daily basis. We recruit on a global basis and set a very high standard for people joining the company. We expect excellence - in order to succeed, we need to be the best at what we do.</p>
<p>Canonical has been a remote-first company since its inception in 2004.​ Work at Canonical is a step into the future, and will challenge you to think differently, work smarter, learn new skills, and raise your game. Canonical provides a unique window into the world of 21st-century digital business.</p>
<p><strong>Canonical is an equal opportunity employer</strong></p>
<p>We are proud to foster a workplace free from discrimination. Diversity of experience, perspectives, and background create a better work environment and better products. <a href="https://canonical.com/careers/diversity/identity">Whatever your identity, we will give your application fair consideration.</a></p>
<p>#LI-remote&nbsp;</p>