<div class="content-intro"><p>HackerRank helps companies like NVIDIA, Amazon, and Microsoft hire and upskill the next generation of developers based on skills, not pedigree. Our platform is trusted by over 2,500 of the world’s most innovative companies to build strong engineering teams ready for what’s next.<br><br>Software has entered an era where humans and AI build side by side. As this shift accelerates, the definition of strong technical talent is changing. We give companies better ways to identify and invest in next-generation skills.<br><br>People at HackerRank care deeply about the impact of their work and sweat the small details so our customers can be wildly successful with products they genuinely love to use. We move with urgency and believe great outcomes come from high standards</p></div><p><strong>About the role<br></strong><br>As a Global AP Lead you will be responsible for managing end-to-end Accounts Payable operations, including preparing and processing vendor payments while ensuring accuracy and compliance. This role involves maintaining accurate records of invoices, payments, and relevant tax documentation, as well as handling virtual card transactions, Expensify reimbursements, prepaid accounts, and fixed assets.<strong><br></strong></p>
<h4><strong>What you’ll do</strong></h4>
<ul>
<li>Own end-to-end Accounts Payable processes, including receiving and processing vendor invoices with accurate validation of purchase orders, pricing, and payment terms.</li>
<li>Manage and process transactions across multiple payment platforms, including credit cards, virtual cards, Expensify, and Navan.</li>
<li>Prepare Accounts Payable proposals and drive timely approvals for vendor payments. Execute vendor payments post-approval while ensuring accuracy and compliance.</li>
<li>Maintain and reconcile prepaid accounts and the fixed asset register on a monthly basis.</li>
<li>Build and manage strong vendor relationships, proactively resolving discrepancies, issues, and disputes.</li>
<li>Collaborate cross-functionally with internal teams to ensure accurate matching of transactions between AP systems and ERP platforms.</li>
<li>Maintain accurate and audit-ready records of invoices, payments, and all relevant tax and GST documentation.</li>
<li>Ensure compliance documentation and audit trails are accurate and up to date to support financial reporting.</li>
</ul>
<h4><strong>Who you are</strong></h4>
<ul>
<li>Accounts Payable professional with 2+ years of experience managing end-to-end AP processes in fast-paced environments.</li>
<li>Strong foundation in double-entry accounting principles, with the ability to accurately handle complex financial transactions.</li>
<li>Hands-on experience with AP tools such as Airbase and Expensify, along with working knowledge of NetSuite and Google Sheets.</li>
<li>Detail-oriented with a high degree of accuracy and ownership in managing invoices, reconciliations, and payment cycles.</li>
<li>Effective communicator with strong interpersonal skills, capable of collaborating with internal stakeholders and external vendors.</li>
<li>Bachelor’s degree in Accounting, Finance, or a related field.</li>
<li>Growth-oriented mindset with a strong willingness to learn and build expertise in accounting and finance functions.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Even better if you have</strong><strong><br></strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Deep understanding of accounting standards, GST compliance, and audit requirements in a high-volume environment.<strong><br></strong></li>
<li>Experience leading or mentoring AP teams, driving process improvements and operational efficiency.</li>
<li>Strong experience in managing month-end close activities, reconciliations, and audit readiness.</li>
<li>Ability to partner cross-functionally with Finance, Procurement, and Operations teams to improve financial accuracy and processes.</li>
</ul>
<h4><strong>You will thrive in this role if you</strong></h4>
<ul>
<li>Customer-Centric Approach: Engage with vendors to address inquiries on invoicing, cancellations, and refunds.</li>
<li>Attention to Detail: This AP role needs to be highly detail-oriented to ensure accuracy in processing invoices and payments.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Organizational Skills: Efficiently manage dual responsibilities across AP and reimbursement while tracking numerous invoices and payments.</li>
<li>Process Improvement Mindset: Maintain compliance documentation for audits and identify opportunities to enhance billing accuracy and efficiency.</li>
<li>Data Management: Update client contact and billing information in ourAP and ERP platforms to ensure accurate and up-to-date records.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>Want to learn more about HackerRank?</strong>&nbsp;Check out&nbsp;<a href="http://hackerrank.com/">HackerRank.com</a>&nbsp;to explore our products, solutions and resources, and dive into our story and mission&nbsp;<a href="https://www.hackerrank.com/about-us/">here</a>.</p>
<p>HackerRank is a proud equal employment opportunity and affirmative action employer. We provide equal opportunity to everyone for employment based on individual performance and qualification. We never discriminate based on race, religion, national origin, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, age, marital, veteran, or disability status. All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines.&nbsp;</p>
<p><a href="https://www.linkedin.com/company/hackerrank/">Linkedin</a> | <a href="https://twitter.com/hackerrank">X</a>&nbsp;|<a href="https://www.linkedin.com/company/hackerrank/">&nbsp;</a><a href="https://blog.hackerrank.com/?utm\_medium=email&amp;utm\_content=signature">Blog</a>&nbsp;|&nbsp;<a href="https://www.instagram.com/hackerrank?igsh=MWNid2d6aWlxYnl0OQ==">Instagram</a>&nbsp;|&nbsp;<a href="https://www.instagram.com/lifeathackerrank?igsh=eDFta3owaTJsbW5x">Life@HackerRank</a></p>
<p><em>Notice to prospective HackerRank job applicants:</em></p>
<ul>
<li><em>Our Recruiters use @hackerrank.com email addresses.</em></li>
<li><em>We never ask for payment or credit check information to apply, interview, or work here.</em></li>
</ul></div>