<h2><strong>About Parloa</strong></h2>
<p>Parloa’s mission is to make every customer conversation feel effortless for both customers and the companies serving them. As agentic AI accelerates, Parloans are shaping the foundation of a new era in customer experience - one where customer support is no longer transactions, but meaningful exchanges. It is not just a vision; Parloa has powered over ONE BILLION interactions between global enterprise brands and their customers, with companies like Booking.com, HealthEquity, Allianz, SAP, BarmeniaGothaer, and TUI already deploying Parloa at scale.</p>
<h2><strong>About the role:</strong></h2>
<p><strong>As a core member of Parloa’s founding team in London</strong>, you will lead the charge in building our strategic partnerships and accelerating growth across the<strong> UKI and Northern Europe. </strong>This is a unique opportunity to take ownership and build a thriving partner ecosystem from the ground up, shaping the future of Conversational AI. Your role will focus on expanding relationships, forging new alliances, and driving revenue through meaningful collaborations.</p>
<p>You’ll work closely with <strong>Expansion Leadership</strong> and our newly founded GTM team based in London, while partnering with key players across our DACH and US offices to set Parloa up for success in these markets.</p>
<h2><strong>Areas of ownership:</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Identify, recruit, and grow leading Service Partners in UKI and Northern Europe.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Develop joint business plans with partners that align goals and strategies, executing impactful co-selling, referrals, and implementation initiatives.</li>
<li>Lead collaborative marketing and sales efforts alongside partners, bringing innovative AI solutions to market with confidence.</li>
<li>Conduct regular check-ins and quarterly business reviews with partners, ensuring goals are met and growth is accelerated.</li>
<li>Partner with cross-functional teams (sales, marketing, product) to ensure seamless communication and strong alignment on goals.</li>
<li>Stay ahead of industry trends, actively identifying new partnership opportunities to enhance Parloa’s presence in the UK &amp; Northern Europe markets.</li>
<li>Represent Parloa at events and industry activities, positioning yourself and the company as thought leaders in Conversational AI.</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Who you are:</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li><strong>8+ years of experience</strong> in partner acquisition, management and channel sales, ideally within SaaS, contact center technologies, or Conversational AI.</li>
<li>A proven track record of <strong>building and growing partnerships</strong> in the UK, with an established network in customer service or contact center industries.</li>
<li>A <strong>strategic mindset</strong> with the ability to craft and execute partnership plans that deliver results.</li>
<li><strong>Outstanding communication and relationship-building skills</strong>, particularly when engaging with C-level executives and senior stakeholders.</li>
<li>A proactive, <strong>self-motivated approach,</strong> thriving in a fast-paced, dynamic environment where you can make a real impact.</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>NICE TO HAVE:</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Experience helping <strong>SaaS startups</strong> grow in the UK market.</li>
<li>Understanding of <strong>partner operations</strong> and the potential to support team development as we expand.</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Our Recruiting Process:</strong></h2>
<p>Talent Acquisition → Hiring Manager → Technical Interview(s) → Bar Raiser</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><iframe style="display: table; margin-left: auto; margin-right: auto;" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/P4d-iyx7RQM" width="560" height="314"></iframe></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<hr>
<p>Parloa is committed to upholding the highest data protection standards for our clients' and employees' data. All our employees are instrumental in ensuring the utmost care, GDPR, and ISO compliance, including ISO 27001, in handling sensitive information.</p>
<p>Parloa is an e-verify employer in the USA. <a class="c-link" href="https://www.e-verify.gov/about-e-verify/what-is-e-verify" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://www.e-verify.gov/about-e-verify/what-is-e-verify" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">Please click here to learn more</a>.</p>
<p><strong>\* </strong><strong>We provide equal opportunities to all qualified applicants regardless race, gender, sexual orientation, age, religion, national origin, disability status, socioeconomic background and other characteristics.</strong></p></div>