**At NordPass, we’re making password security effortless.**

We believe logins should be safer and simpler. Join the team behind NordPass— a password manager trusted by 7M+ users and 10,000+ global companies to secure credentials, cards, and sensitive data.

**Your impact?** Helping millions secure their digital lives by creating smarter, safer ways to log in.

## Main Responsibilities

- Collaborate with cross-functional teams to ensure seamless integration and utilization of microservices across NordSecurity's suite of products, fostering a unified and seamless experience for our users.
- Focus on the delivery of high-quality code, where scalability and security come first.
- Actively engage in technical and architectural decisions, refining processes, and contributing to the overall strategic direction of the product.
- Demonstrate strong ownership and accountability for development, maintenance, and quality of the product.
- Foster smooth communication and collaboration between team members and other engineering, product, and design professionals from various teams.

## Core Requirements

- In-depth knowledge of PHP (3+ years).
- Hands-on use of AI tools to augment engineering (e.g. code generation, test creation, performance tuning and debugging) with strong ownership of outputs and results.
- System design is nothing new to you, and you know what patterns to use, when, and why
- Solid understanding of OOP, asynchronous programming & design patterns.
- Passionate about architecture and technologies, open to speaking with anyone; if you can create scalable and stable code, we want to speak with you.
- Understanding of core CI/CD principles, unit & integration testing.

## Bonus Points For

- Knowledge of Cryptography.

## Technologies You Will Use

- PHP.
- GO.
- MySQL.
- Redis.
- RabbitMQ.
- Docker.
- AWS.

## Salary Range

- Gross salary 19,800 - 24,000 PLN/Month.

**What We Offer**

**Innovate with industry leaders**

Work alongside global experts to build world-leading cybersecurity tools, impacting millions of users around the world.

**Learn & grow**

Boost your skills via our extensive training programs (online and offline) & other resources. Benefit from mentorship and career-switch opportunities to grow within the company.

**Hybrid work**

Enjoy the flexibility with 3 office days and working from home for the remaining 2.

**Work from anywhere**

Recharge with a change of scenery – choose work from any location when you feel a need to power your creativity and drive.

**Physical well-being**

Fuel your active lifestyle with online workouts led by our Physical Well-Being experts. Unlock a variety of sports and wellness facilities, like gyms, swimming pools, and fitness classes, with the Multisport card.

**Mental & emotional health**

Nurture your mind with free psychologist consultations, dedicated mental health events, and premium access to top-rated wellness apps like Calm, Headspace, and Mindletic.

**Premium healthcare**

Receive private health insurance giving you peace of mind for your health needs.

**Joyful moments – special treats**

Celebrate life’s big moments with special gifts from us on your birthday, anniversary, and other major events, such as weddings or the arrival of a new family member.

**Company events & team-building**

Experience iconic Nord Security celebrations, team-buildings, and knowledge-sharing events, nurturing bonds that fuel our success.

**Workation**

Embark on a legendary company getaway abroad, filled with exciting activities, live concerts, engaging workshops, and epic time together.

*Kindly refer to our Privacy Notice for Recruitment Candidates for comprehensive information regarding our data handling procedures throughout recruitment processes:* <https://bit.ly/40GWyjL>

*We expect all candidates to provide accurate and complete information during the recruitment process. While limited use of AI tools to refine application materials is acceptable, candidates remain fully responsible for ensuring that their submissions reflect their own qualifications, skills, and experience. Any failure to do so may negatively affect participation in the recruitment process. If broader AI assistance is allowed for a particular role or stage, we’ll let you know in advance.*

*By submitting your application, you acknowledge that it may be processed using automated tools for evaluation purposes. As part of our recruitment process, we may use an AI-based application review tool to help assess applications based on skills and experience relevant to the role. This technology is used to support - not replace - human decision-making, and every application is ultimately reviewed by a recruiter.*

*If you would like more information about how AI is used in this process or wish to exercise your rights under applicable data privacy laws, please contact us at [privacy@nordaccount.com](mailto:privacy@nordaccount.com). Should you prefer to opt out of the automated evaluation, please submit your application directly to [career@nordsec.com](mailto:career@nordsec.com).*