<h2>The Role</h2>
<p>We are currently looking for an enthusiastic Customer Excellence Specialist who can advocate for our customers. The role will be within our fast-paced startup team and include all aspects of customer experience and operations with Ziina. You will be the first point of contact for customers. You will be responsible for supporting the team in responding to customer inquiries, helping to improve customer satisfaction, and supporting junior and third-party agents. You will also be expected to use customer complaints and feedback to help improve our internal processes.</p>
<h2>As a Customer Excellence Specialist at Ziina, you will:</h2>
<ul>
<li data-start="268" data-end="339">Respond to customer inquiries promptly via chat, WhatsApp, and email.</li>
<li data-start="268" data-end="339">Monitor and achieve customer experience KPIs such as SLAs and CSAT.</li>
<li data-start="416" data-end="497">Review and improve support processes to reduce wait times and boost efficiency.</li>
<li data-start="501" data-end="575">Maintain and update a knowledge base to enable accurate, fast responses.</li>
<li data-start="579" data-end="639">Evaluate ticket quality to ensure high internal standards.</li>
<li data-start="643" data-end="706">Analyze CX metrics and use insights for process improvements.</li>
<li data-start="710" data-end="809">Collaborate with cross-functional teams to ensure CX has the tools and resources needed to excel.</li>
<li data-start="710" data-end="809">Develop and upskill CX agents through coaching, feedback, and structured growth plans to enhance performance and career progression.</li>
<li data-start="710" data-end="809">Oversee day-to-day team operations including scheduling, workload allocation, and adherence to established processes to ensure consistent service delivery.</li>
</ul>
<h2>To succeed in this role, you likely:</h2>
<ul>
<li data-start="216" data-end="279">Have 4+ years of experience leading or mentoring a customer support team.</li>
<li data-start="283" data-end="380">Coach, train, and provide constructive feedback to build team skills and drive performance.</li>
<li data-start="384" data-end="473">Plan and manage team schedules to maintain coverage and meet service-level targets.</li>
<li data-start="477" data-end="562">Enforce adherence to schedules and operational standards to ensure consistency.</li>
<li data-start="566" data-end="657">Identify recurring customer issues and implement proactive solutions to prevent them.</li>
<li data-start="661" data-end="729">Communicate clearly with both customers and internal stakeholders.</li>
<li data-start="733" data-end="809">Make data-driven decisions to improve processes and customer satisfaction.</li>
</ul>
<h2>What would amaze us</h2>
<ul>
<li data-start="258" data-end="349">You anticipate customer pain points and resolve them before they impact satisfaction.</li>
<li data-start="353" data-end="451">You create innovative tools or resources that significantly improve the customer experience.</li>
<li data-start="455" data-end="540">You deliver measurable gains in CSAT, resolution time, or other key CX metrics.</li>
<li data-start="544" data-end="637">You transform customer insights into impactful product enhancements or process changes.</li>
<li data-start="544" data-end="637">You are fluent in written and spoken Arabic&nbsp;</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><h2>About Ziina</h2>
<p>Ziina’s mission is to bring financial freedom to every person in the Middle East. We are building MENA’s consumer and SMB financial platform, starting with a peer-to-peer and merchant wallet. Our team have backgrounds from Apple, Uber, Stripe, Klarna, Revolut, Yandex, and Nubank. Ziina’s payments volumes have grown by 10x YoY for the last two years. The team have built a product that is beloved by the UAE and is the recipient of 8 international design awards, including the Red Dot Award and the UX Design Award. Our last round was a $22 million Series A from top-tier investors globally including Altos Ventures, Fintech Collective, Activant, Long Journey Ventures and Y Combinator. Our angel investors include early employees and executives at Revolut, Stripe, Venmo, Brex, Checkout.com, Notion, and Deel.</p>
<p>Join us in shaping the future of financial freedom. Every role here is an opportunity to make a real impact. Let’s build something that matters together.</p></div>