<div class="content-intro"><p>Iterable is the leading AI-powered customer engagement platform that helps leading brands like Redfin, SeatGeek, Priceline, Calm, and Box create dynamic, individualized experiences at scale. Our platform empowers organizations to activate customer data, design seamless cross-channel interactions, and optimize engagement—all with enterprise-grade security and compliance. Today, nearly 1,200 brands across 50+ countries rely on Iterable to drive growth, deepen customer relationships, and deliver joyful customer experiences.</p>
<p>Our success is powered by extraordinary people who bring our core values—Trust, Growth Mindset, Balance, and Humility—to life. We foster a culture of innovation, collaboration, and inclusion, where ideas are valued and individuals are empowered to do their best work. That’s why we’ve been recognized as one of <a href="https://www.inc.com/best-workplaces/2022">Inc’s Best Workplaces</a> and <a href="https://iterable.com/blog/inc-names-iterable-one-of-americas-fastest-growing-companies/">Fastest Growing Companies</a>, and were recognized on Forbes’ list of America’s Best Startup Employers in 2022. Notably, Iterable has also been listed on<a href="https://blog.wealthfront.com/announcing-2021-career-launching-companies/"> Wealthfront’s Career Launching Companies List</a> and has held a top 10 ranking on the<a href="https://wearegirlsclub.com/top-25-companies-where-women-want-to-work/"> Top 25 Companies Where Women Want to Work</a>.</p>
<p>With a global presence—including offices in San Francisco, New York, Denver, London, and Lisbon, plus remote employees worldwide—we are committed to building a diverse and inclusive workplace. We welcome candidates from all backgrounds and encourage you to apply. Learn more about our story and mission on our<a href="https://iterable.com/culture/"> Culture</a> and<a href="https://iterable.com/company/"> About Us</a> pages. Let’s shape the future of customer engagement together!</p></div><p><strong>How you will make an impact:</strong></p>
<p>As an IT Support Analyst at Iterable, your main responsibility will be to ensure our core and cross functional business systems are optimized, integrated and delivering value to the wider organization. You will analyze&nbsp; business processes and identify data-driven improvements that turn into scalable successful solutions. You will act as an important link between our business units and IT’s enterprise application management function while also supporting Iterators with day to day end user support tasks</p>
<p>One of our core values is a growth mindset and Iterable is a company where everyone can grow. If this is a role that excites you, please do apply as we value applicants for the skills they bring beyond a job description.</p>
<p><strong>How you will make a difference:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>You will help future-proof our enterprise application ecosystem by identifying technical debt and system redundancies.&nbsp;</li>
<li>You will provide technical support and guidance to Iterators.&nbsp;</li>
<li>You will contribute to ongoing continuous improvement efforts, helping Iterable IT refine processes and enhance team experiences.</li>
<li>You will manage user accounts and permissions, ensuring employees receive secure, accurate, and timely access to the tools they need.</li>
<li>You will ensure a positive customer support experience&nbsp; to Iterators through timely, accurate resolution of their issues.&nbsp;</li>
<li>You will document and maintain IT processes and procedures, ensuring they remain up to date and accurate.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>We are looking for people who have:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Strong written and verbal communication skills, with the ability to translate technical concepts into clear, understandable language.</li>
<li>Experience working with People Operation teams supporting platform, process and operations enablement.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Familiarity with Identity and Access Management (IAM) concepts.</li>
<li>Strong ability to multi-task and successfully coordinate multiple projects simultaneously; ability to prioritize activities effectively, while ensuring a high level of accuracy and attention to detail.&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Bonus Points</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Familiarity with Linksquares, Navan and Coupa&nbsp;</li>
<li>Experience with AI implementation in enterprise applications</li>
<li>Familiarity with vendor management, including renewals and vendor onboarding</li>
<li>Strong background in SaaS tools such as Zoom, Slack, Google Workspace, Okta and Jira</li>
<li>Experience managing SaaS systems&nbsp; and optimizing license utilization</li>
</ul>
<p>The US hourly pay range for this position at the start of employment is $55 - $75/per hour. Within this range, individual pay is determined by specific US work location, as well as additional factors, including job-related skills, experience, relevant education or training, and internal equity considerations.</p>
<p>Please note that the range listed above reflects only base salary. The total compensation package includes variable pay (where applicable), equity, plus a range of benefits, including medical, dental, vision, and financial. In addition, we offer perks such as generous stipends for health &amp; fitness and learning &amp; development, among others.</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong data-stringify-type="bold">Recruitment Disclaimer:</strong></p>
<p>Please be aware that Iterable, Inc. (“Iterable”) and our official professional recruiting agencies and platforms do not:</p>
<ul>
<li>Send job offers from free email services like Gmail, Yahoo mail, Hotmail, etc.</li>
<li>Request money, fees, or payment of any kind from prospective candidates to apply to Iterable, for employment, or for the recruitment process (e.g. for home office supplies, or training, etc.).</li>
<li>Request or require personal documents like bank account details, tax forms, or credit card information as part of the recruitment process prior to the candidate signing an engagement letter or an employment contract with Iterable.</li>
</ul>
<p>You may see all job vacancies on our official Iterable channels:</p>
<ul>
<li>Official Iterable website, Careers page: <a href="https://iterable.com/careers/">https://iterable.com/careers/</a></li>
<li>Official LinkedIn Jobs page: <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/company/iterable/jobs/">https://www.linkedin.com/company/iterable/jobs/</a></li>
</ul>
<p>Iterable is not affiliated in any way to these impostors and we hereby confirm that such individuals/entities are not authorized, encouraged, or sponsored to act on behalf of Iterable. Such job opportunities are entirely fake and not valid. Therefore, please disregard any written or oral request for a job offer or an interview that you believe is or might be fraudulent or suspicious and immediately reach out to us via email at <strong><a class="c-link" href="mailto:talent-ops@iterable.com" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="mailto:talent-ops@iterable.com" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">talent-ops@iterable.com</a>&nbsp;</strong>upon receiving a suspicious job offer.</p>
<p>Criminal and/or civil liabilities may arise from such actions, and Iterable expressly reserves the right to take legal action, including criminal action, against such individuals/entities whenever such phenomena occur. In any case, please note that under no circumstances shall Iterable and any of its affiliates be held liable or responsible for any claims, losses, damages, expenses or other inconvenience resulting from or in any way connected to the actions of these impostors.<span style="font-weight: 400;"><br><br>Iterable is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer that proudly pursues and hires a diverse workforce. Iterable does not make hiring or employment decisions on the basis of race, color, religion or religious belief, ethnic or national origin, nationality, sex, gender, gender-identity, sexual orientation, disability, age, military or veteran status, or any other basis protected by applicable local, state, or federal laws or prohibited by Company policy. Iterable also strives for a healthy and safe workplace and strictly prohibits harassment of any kind. Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance and other similar state laws and local ordinances, and its internal policy, Iterable will also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.</span></p></div>