<div class="content-intro"><p><strong>Secure Every Identity, from AI to Human<br><br></strong>Identity is the key to unlocking the potential of AI. Okta secures AI by building the trusted, neutral infrastructure that enables organizations to safely embrace this new era. This work requires a relentless drive to solve complex challenges with real-world stakes. We are looking for builders and owners who operate with speed and urgency and execute with excellence.<br><br>This is an opportunity to do career-defining work. We're all in on this mission. If you are too, let's talk.</p></div><p><strong>Company Description</strong></p>
<p>Okta is the leading independent provider of enterprise identity. The Okta Identity Cloud enables organizations to securely connect the right people to the right technologies at the right time. With over 6,500 pre-built integrations to applications and infrastructure providers, Okta customers can easily and securely use the best technologies for their business. Over 7,950 organizations, including 20th Century Fox, JetBlue, Nordstrom, Slack, Teach for America and Twilio, trust Okta to help protect the identities of their workforces and customers</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Position Description</strong></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>We are looking for an experienced Software Engineer Manager to manage the team that is responsible for designing and building Identity Governance product features on top of our Directory platform. You will lead a team of elite engineers, grow the team, and drive impact and customer satisfaction. You will drive engineering best practices, productivity enhancement, and make our elite engineering team shine. You also share great pride in elegant solutions and strongly believe in designing for scale, rigorous code reviews, automated testing, and an iterative process to build high-quality next generation cloud software.</p>
<p><br><br></p>
<p><strong>Job Duties And Responsibilities</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Establishing clear priorities, expectations, and accountability for individuals and team</li>
<li>Collaborate with product management to help define and refine product roadmap</li>
<li>Driving the execution and delivery of product features with high quality product by working with cross-functional teams, System Architects, QA, Product and Documentation teams</li>
<li>Providing regular feedback, technical guidance, and mentoring to team members</li>
<li>Fostering collaborative, engaging and inclusive team environments</li>
<li>Maintaining and improving our culture by sourcing and hiring only the most qualified individuals with an eye towards diversity &amp; inclusion</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Required Knowledge, Skills, And Abilities</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>8+ years of experience in developing enterprise cloud software development</li>
<li>5+ years of hands-on technical management experience</li>
<li>Experience working with product &amp; program managers to align on objectives, priorities, trade-offs and risk.</li>
<li>Experience in handling support tickets, bug fixes &amp; enhancement work in a large enterprise application</li>
<li>Excellent communication and collaboration skills for technical discussions.</li>
<li>Ability to work effectively with distributed teams and people of various backgrounds</li>
<li>Lead, recruit, mentor and retain engineers</li>
</ul>
<p><br><br></p>
<p>#LI-Hybrid</p>
<p>P24184\_3398976</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong><br>The Okta Experience</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><a href="http://rewards.okta.com">Supporting Your Well-Being</a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="https://www.okta.com/company/okta-for-good/">Driving Social Impact&nbsp;</a></li>
<li><a href="https://www.okta.com/company/talent-connection-community/">Developing Talent and Fostering Connection + Community</a></li>
</ul>
<p>We are intentional about connection. Our global community, spanning over 20 offices worldwide, is united by a drive to innovate. Your journey begins with an immersive, in-person onboarding experience designed to accelerate your impact and connect you to our mission and team from day one.<br><br>Okta is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, marital status, age, physical or mental disability, or status as a protected veteran. We also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and convictions records, consistent with applicable laws.<br><br>If reasonable accommodation is needed to complete any part of the job application, interview process, or onboarding please&nbsp;<a href="https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1EfiEYZrIyhA2X4Fijk0R3RKYOzNoS3wtvyM4nhbZnXE/edit">use this Form</a> to request an accommodation.<br><br>Notice for New York City Applicants &amp; Employees: Okta may use Automated Employment Decision Tools (AEDT), as defined by New York City Local Law 144, that use artificial intelligence, machine learning, or other automated processes to assist in our recruitment and hiring process. In accordance with NYC Local Law 144, if you are an applicant or employee residing in New York City, please&nbsp;<a href="https://talent.okta.com/new-york-city-aedt-notice.html">click here</a> to view our full NYC AEDT Notice.<br><br>Okta is committed to complying with applicable data privacy and security laws and regulations. For more information, please see our Personnel and Job Candidate Privacy Notice at&nbsp;<a href="https://www.okta.com/legal/personnel-policy/">https://www.okta.com/legal/personnel-policy/</a>.</p></div>