<div class="content-intro"><h3>ABOUT TIDE</h3>
<p>At Tide we help SMEs save time (and money) in the running of their businesses by not only offering business accounts and related banking services, but also a comprehensive set of highly usable and connected administrative solutions from invoicing to accounting.</p>
<p>Tide is transforming the small business banking market with over 1.8 million members globally across the UK, India, Germany and France.</p>
<p>Using advanced technology, all solutions are designed with SMEs in mind. With quick onboarding, low fees and innovative features, we thrive on making data-driven decisions to serve our mission: to help SMEs save both time (and money) so they can get back to doing what they love.</p>
<p><strong>Tide facts:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Tide is available for UK, Indian, German and French SMEs</li>
<li>Over 1.8 million members: 800,000 UK and 1,000,000 in India and growing rapidly</li>
<li>Over $300 million raised in funding</li>
<li>Over 2,500 Tideans globally - we’re diversity champions!</li>
<li>We have offices in Central London, with a member support and technology centre in Sofia, Bulgaria, technology centres in Serbia, Romania, Lithuania and Hyderabad and offices in Gurugram and New Delhi, and in Berlin, Paris and Luxembourg.</li>
</ul></div><h3><strong>ABOUT THE TEAM</strong></h3>
<p>We’re the UK’s leading provider of smart current accounts for sole traders and small companies. We’re also on a mission to save business owners time and money on their banking and finance admin so they can get back to doing what they love - for too long, these customers have been under-served by the big banks.</p>
<p>Funding Options joined the Tide family in early 2023 to lead their Partner Credit Services offering. Through their panel of 100 leading lender partners, Funding Options supports UK SMEs to get the right finance in place so they can trade, plan and grow with confidence. Through their multi award-winning platform, Funding Cloud, they can effectively match customers to the right lender and finance product that best suits their needs in minutes with funding decisions in as little as 20 seconds, giving every customer a 5 Star experience whether successful or not, through our sheer professionalism and outstanding standard of customer service.</p>
<p>Our offices are in London -UK, Sofia - Bulgaria, Belgrade - Serbia and Hyderabad -India, where our teams are dedicated to our small business members; revolutionising business banking for SMEs.&nbsp;</p>
<p>We’re scaling at speed with a focus on hiring talented individuals with a growth mindset and ownership mentality, who are able to juggle multiple and sometimes changing priorities. Our values show our commitment to working as one team, working collaboratively to take action and deliver results. Member first, we are passionate about our members and put them first. We are data-driven, we make decisions, creating insight using data.</p>
<p>We’re also one of LinkedIn’s top 10 hottest UK companies to work for.</p>
<h3><strong>WHAT WE'RE LOOKING FOR:</strong></h3>
<p>We’re looking for a <strong>Strategic Finance Partner (Senior Commercial Finance Broker)</strong> to help build and scale our Account Management function. This is not a transactional role, it’s about owning and developing a portfolio of clients, becoming their go-to finance partner, and supporting their businesses as they grow.</p>
<p>You’ll be responsible for building meaningful, long-term relationships with clients, taking the time to truly understand how their businesses operate, their growth plans, challenges, and how finance fits into their journey. Your role is to anticipate needs, identify opportunities, and guide clients through both opportunities and pressure points as they arise.</p>
<p>Through structured, high-quality conversations, you’ll uncover funding requirements and match clients to the most appropriate products and lenders, not just for today, but in a way that supports their longer-term ambitions. You’ll bring a strategic lens to every interaction, ensuring clients feel supported, informed, and confident in the decisions they make.</p>
<p>We expect you to deliver a consistently exceptional client experience, setting the standard for professionalism, ownership, and service. Whether a deal completes or not, every client interaction should reinforce your position as a trusted partner and leave them better informed and better prepared for their next step.</p>
<h4><strong>SOME OF THE THINGS YOU'LL BE DOING</strong></h4>
<ul>
<li>Contact, engage and manage our Small Business customers through their application process</li>
<li>Build and nurture working relationships with our commercial lending partners&nbsp;</li>
<li>Become confident in articulating the Funding Options proposition and service</li>
<li>Outbound prospect customers from our your dedicated Accounts Portfolio</li>
<li>Working closely with our Lead Generation team, including providing feedback and advice where appropriate</li>
<li>Building on your knowledge of business finance, and gaining an in-depth understanding of the wide variety of lenders and products in the market</li>
<li>Confidently articulating the different finance options available to customers across multiple business finance product classes</li>
<li>Maintaining accurate, up-to-date information on any prospects that you speak with (in Salesforce)</li>
<li>Monitoring and identify trends whilst adding new or enhanced customer profile information into Salesforce</li>
<li>Keeping up to date on industry trends, market &amp; competition.</li>
<li>Actively share stories and successes to the wider organisation through relevant comms channels.</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>WHAT MAKES YOU A GREAT FIT:</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Ideally you have experience of Commercial Finance or at least experience in a customer facing sales role.</li>
<li>Experience working in a 360 sales role and/or outbound prospecting experience.</li>
<li>You will be able to demonstrate a track record of successfully meeting and exceeding revenue based targets.</li>
<li>You’ll have excellent communication and interpersonal skills.</li>
<li>You will be able to demonstrate a results-oriented work ethic with impeccable attention to detail, determination and drive.</li>
<li>You’ll be obsessive about delivering the highest level of customer service.</li>
<li>You will be extremely well organised and analytical and work well under pressure.</li>
<li>You can troubleshoot issues quickly and effectively.</li>
<li>You will be able to engage and quickly establish strong working relationships.</li>
<li>You’re a self-starter who doesn’t wait for instruction, and who works backwards from targets to ensure effective execution.</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>WHAT YOU'LL GET IN RETURN</strong></h3>
<p>Make work, work for you! We are embracing new ways of working and support flexible working arrangements. With our Working Out of Office (WOO) policy our colleagues can work remotely from home or anywhere in their home country. Additionally, you can work from a different country for up to 90 days a year. Plus, you’ll get:</p>
<ul>
<li>Competitive salary and bonus</li>
<li>Vitality Health Insurance, with a proactive focus on mental and physical wellbeing</li>
<li>24/7 Employee Assistance Programme</li>
<li>25 days holiday with the ability to buy extra days</li>
<li>Professional L&amp;D budget&nbsp;</li>
<li>Access to ‘salary sacrifice’ benefits such as Cycle to Work scheme and pension contribution</li>
<li>Spacious brand new office in Liverpool street with an all-day snacks bar</li>
<li>Enhanced family-friendly leave</li>
<li>24 hours paid volunteering time off per year</li>
<li>Flexible working options</li>
<li>Sabbatical leave&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>TIDEAN WAYS OF WORKING</strong></h3>
<p>At Tide, we’re Member First and Data Driven, but above all, we’re One Team. Our Working Out of Office (WOO) policy allows you to work from anywhere in the world for up to 90 days a year. We are remote first, but when you do want to meet new people, collaborate with your team or simply hang out with your colleagues, our offices are always available and equipped to the highest standard. We offer flexible working hours and trust our employees to do their work well, at times that suit them and their team.</p><div class="content-conclusion"><h3>TIDE IS A PLACE FOR EVERYONE</h3>
<p>At Tide, we believe that we can only succeed if we let our differences enrich our culture. Our Tideans come from a variety of backgrounds and experience levels. We consider everyone irrespective of their ethnicity, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, family or parental status, national origin, veteran, neurodiversity or differently-abled status. We celebrate diversity in our workforce as a cornerstone of our success. Our commitment to a broad spectrum of ideas and backgrounds is what enables us to build products that resonate with our members’ diverse needs and lives.&nbsp;</p>
<p>We are One Team and foster a transparent and inclusive environment, where everyone’s voice is heard.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><em>At Tide, we thrive on diversity, embracing various backgrounds and experiences. We welcome all individuals regardless of ethnicity, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, or disability. Our inclusive culture is key to our success, helping us build products that meet our members' diverse needs. We are One Team, committed to transparency and ensuring everyone’s voice is heard.</em></p>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section">&nbsp;</div>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section"><strong>Disclaimer</strong></div>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section">&nbsp;</div>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section"><em>It has come to our attention that individuals or agencies are falsely claiming to represent Tide and are reaching out to candidates regarding job opportunities. Please be aware that:</em></div>
<ul class="p-rich\_text\_list p-rich\_text\_list\_\_bullet p-rich\_text\_list--nested" data-stringify-type="unordered-list" data-list-tree="true" data-indent="0" data-border="0">
<li style="font-style: italic;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><em>Tide does&nbsp;<strong data-stringify-type="bold">not</strong>&nbsp;charge any fees at any stage of the recruitment process.</em></li>
<li style="font-style: italic;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><em>All official Tide job opportunities are listed exclusively on our&nbsp;<a href="https://www.tide.co/careers/" target="\_blank"><strong data-stringify-type="bold">Careers Page</strong></a>&nbsp;and applications should be submitted through this channel.</em></li>
<li style="font-style: italic;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><em>Communication from Tide will only come from an official&nbsp;<strong data-stringify-type="bold">@tide</strong><strong data-stringify-type="bold">.co</strong>&nbsp;email address.</em></li>
<li style="font-style: italic;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><em>Tide does not work with agencies or recruiters without prior formal engagement, and we do not authorize third parties to make job offers on our behalf.</em></li>
</ul>
<p><em>If you are contacted by anyone misrepresenting Tide or requesting payment, please treat it as fraudulent and report it to us immediately at <a href="mailto:talent@tide.co" target="\_blank">talent@tide.co</a><br>Your safety and trust are important to us, and we are committed to ensuring a fair and transparent recruitment process.</em></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><em><em data-stringify-type="italic">Tide leverages AI to enhance our hiring experience. You can read more about how we use AI in our recruitment process in our <a href="https://assets.ctfassets.net/3h69mkdgxn20/5MFtWSdG8YLKq3jZkK52NY/3f18633073e6cdbd03bba4b9791c64f4/Using\_AI\_throughout\_the\_Hiring\_Process.pdf" target="\_blank">AI Policy</a>.</em></em></p>
<p><em><em data-stringify-type="italic">Your personal data will be processed by Tide for recruitment purposes and in accordance with </em><em data-stringify-type="italic"><a class="c-link" href="https://assets.ctfassets.net/3h69mkdgxn20/4TE0uAE3SXomATDVneocNA/aa31893960b4064dd406ad15d029dcd3/Recruitment\_Privacy\_Notice.pdf" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://assets.ctfassets.net/3h69mkdgxn20/1MYf6q4ZMWugpeaROVETBN/526e9c160a2de03576413c81657c6466/Recruitment\_Privacy\_Notice\_\_Final\_Draft\_\_Sep\_2024\_.pdf" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">Tide's Recruitment Privacy Notice</a></em><em data-stringify-type="italic">.</em></em></p></div>