At Layup Parts, our mission is simple: deliver composite parts faster. We’re a technology-first manufacturing startupthat’s revolutionizing how composite tooling and parts are made for the aerospace, defense, and motorsports industries. Our customers are developing tomorrow's high-tech products, and we are building technology to accelerate their success.

We’re looking for a Lead Estimator who is an expert in the design and manufacturing of composite parts and associated tooling. In this role, you would work closely with the CEO to develop project quotations, perform initial DFM reviews of incoming customer parts, engage with customers at the beginning of the quoting process to provide design feedback, and develop costing frameworks to feed into Layup’s internally built software systems.  You would also interact with manufacturing engineers, operations personnel, and production team members to ensure that your project assumptions and customer communications are furthered on to the other teams when a project begins.  You are an expert in composite manufacturing and can use this expertise to estimate price and lead time to a high level of accuracy.

As an early-stage startup, we’re looking for someone who can further the strategic while addressing the tactical. You will be responsible for the full scope of all estimating services; you are a person who can maintain day-to-day operations while developing systems and strategies for six months, 1 year, or 3 years in the future. Pay, title, and job description are flexible; we’re interested in any and all talents you’d like to contribute to the team!

## What You Will Do:

- Provide estimates for all customer requests for quote; responsible for all tasks required to provide a thorough and accurate quotation.
- Interact with customers to provide DFM feedback as needed, iterate on quotes based on results of customer conversations
- Review all customer provided documentation (including quality manuals and other contract requirements) for the purpose of providing an accurate quotation.
- Provide initial high level tooling designs for the purpose of providing a cost and lead time estimate
- Provide outline of expected manufacturing methods for the purpose of providing a cost and lead time estimate
- Create project handover documents for accepted quotes. Provide all high-level designs, estimating assumptions, contract requirements, and other notables required for a clean handoff to manufacturing team for project execution
- Work with operations and quality teams to understand full scope of job costs prior to completing estimate
- Work with software team to provide estimating rules that are integrated into company-made software. Work with software team to improve internally built estimating systems.
- Position may require extended hours or weekend work

## Required:

- Being awesome! Be the kind of person you want to work with!
- 5+ years of relevant experience in aerospace, defense, automotive, or motorsport industries.
- Expert understanding of composite part and tooling design, along with all associated manufacturing methodologies
- Excellent written, verbal, and group communication skills. Comfortable communicating with customers and external stakeholders. Also capable of thoroughly documenting your work for others to understand.
- Experience in startups or small teams in fast-paced and quickly changing environments. Experience with little to no established systems or structure.
- Excellent time management and multitasking skills; addresses all work with sense of urgency. Enjoys working on many different tasks in one day
- Bachelor’s degree in engineering or equivalent experience

## Preferred:

- Prior experience as an estimator in manufacturing environments.
- Familiarity with standard aerospace quality requirements along with AS9100 basics.
- Comfortable reviewing quality manuals and other contract documents; able to translate requirements into cost adjustments while quoting.
- Excited by the prospect of 2x or 3x sales growth, with the multi-facility and multi-state growth.

**Equal Opportunity**

Layup is an equal-opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will be treated with respect and receive equal consideration for employment without regard to race, color, creed, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, uniform service, Veteran status, age, or any other protected characteristic per federal, state, or local law, including those with a criminal history, in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable state and local laws, including the CA Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance.

**ITAR Requirements**

To conform to U.S. Government export regulations, applicant must be a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful, permanent resident (aka green card holder), (iii) Refugee under 8 U.S.C. § 1157, or (iv) Asylee under 8 U.S.C. § 1158, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State. Learn more about the ITAR [here](https://www.pmddtc.state.gov/?id=ddtc_kb_article_page&sys_id=24d528fddbfc930044f9ff621f961987).