<p>Build &amp; Grow Developer Relations Team enables our most strategic customers to effectively use MongoDB technology. This team is the tip of the spear within these accounts, working with their developers as well as key internal MongoDB stakeholders (e.g., Sales, Marketing), to encourage adoption of MongoDB solutions. We're seeking a Senior Developer Advocate to join our team and drive developer enablement.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Our mission is to capture the imagination of new and potential MongoDB developers within these accounts, to enable developers as they begin their MongoDB journey, and to lead developers in designs for new or replatformed workloads. Our team increases developers’ effective use of MongoDB and reduces the time it takes for developers to meaningfully use the platform. You will join a team of our most experienced engineers and host virtual and in-person engagement with customers throughout the world. If you’re passionate about data and helping developers create some of the most performant, scalable, and efficient solutions of their careers, then join us in shaping the future of development on MongoDB.<br><br>Our Developer Relations teams are distributed around the world and a majority of the group works remotely. This is a UK / Europe based role primarily working with customers in the region.</p>
<p>This role can be based remotely in the Ireland region.</p>
<h3>Candidate Profile</h3>
<p>As a Senior Developer Advocate, you are a competent developer ready to peer, mentor, and lead development teams as they solve their enterprise's most critical data issues. You are familiar with MongoDB or other data technologies and otherwise have the ability to quickly become proficient in MongoDB, possess insight into developer enablement programs and have the ability to guide development teams in the adoption of new technologies.</p>
<p>You’re an excellent public speaker and are comfortable delivering live enablement sessions to technical audiences of up to 400 or more. Your recent experience includes directly enabling developers and architects with data-related challenges and moving them toward solutions for their real-world performance and scalability problems. As a bonus, your experience also includes exercising soft leadership with decision makers in organizations for defining, adopting, and scaling data-related technologies.</p>
<p>With a combination of software engineering, solutions development, consulting experience, and developer relations, you have a deep understanding of developer ecosystems and how developers best acquire fluency in new technologies. You have a solid working knowledge of databases, database performance, schema design, and optimizing production applications at scale. You employ a well-developed consulting method that allows you to quickly triage situations to understand the most critical issues at hand and to address them efficiently.&nbsp; Finally, you excel at explaining complex technical concepts in simple terms and have a natural ability to connect and communicate with developers of various skill levels.</p>
<p>Collaboration and empowerment are at the heart of this team’s work style. You'll work closely with other team members to create and refine content, to deliver events, and to share insights, techniques, and best practices with the larger MongoDB team and with the broader developer community. Your focus is not just on individual success but on success of the entire team, consistent with MongoDB's value of Building Together.</p>
<h3>Position Expectations</h3>
<ul>
<li>Become a Subject Matter Expert on document schema design</li>
<li>Develop an understanding of core MongoDB database functionality and Atlas features such as Search, Vector Search, Data Federation, Online Archive, and Streaming</li>
<li>Deliver Design Review sessions to customer development teams in order to guide their design and use of MongoDB document schemas for their specific workloads</li>
<li>Communicate insights gathered from developer engagement, through code and content, to inform team members and enable other developers</li>
<li>Deliver virtual and in-person developer enablement sessions to audiences of up to 400 developers</li>
<li>Create language-specific or other content in your area of expertise to evangelize and educate various developer communities</li>
</ul>
<h3>Requirements</h3>
<ul>
<li>At least 5 years of experience in both customer-facing and developer-centric roles such as Consulting, Solutions Architecture, Developer Relations, working with development teams in the design of document schemas and high performance, scalable database implementations</li>
<li>At least 3 years of experience (or the equivalent) of consulting with development teams as a non-member of the team</li>
<li>Proficiency with at least one of the languages most popular with our customers (Java, Python, Javascript)<br>Familiarity with 2 or more of the languages popular with our customers (Java, Python, Javascript or Typescript, C#, Rust, PHP)</li>
<li>Experience in creating effective developer-focused code and content</li>
<li>Strong presentation skills, with ability in conducting live streams, or public speaking at events</li>
<li>Written and spoken English language proficiency</li>
<li>Ability and willingness to travel (up to 50%) primarily within the UK, Europe, with some travel to India / Asia.</li>
</ul>
<h3><span style="color: #000000; background-color: transparent;">About MongoDB</span></h3>
<p style="margin: 0px !important; padding: 0px !important;"><span style="color: #000000; background-color: transparent;">MongoDB is built for change, empowering our customers and our people to innovate at the speed of the market. We have redefined the database for the AI era, enabling innovators to create, transform, and disrupt industries with software. MongoDB’s unified database platform—the most widely available, globally distributed database on the market—helps organizations modernize legacy workloads, embrace innovation, and unleash AI. Our cloud-native platform, MongoDB Atlas, is the only globally distributed, multi-cloud database and is available across AWS, Google Cloud, and Microsoft Azure.</span></p>
<p style="margin: 0px !important; padding: 0px !important;">&nbsp;</p>
<p style="margin: 0px !important; padding: 0px !important;"><span style="color: #000000; background-color: transparent;">With offices worldwide and nearly 60,000 customers—including 75% of the Fortune 100 and AI-native startups—relying on MongoDB for their most important applications, we’re powering the next era of software.</span></p>
<p style="margin: 0px !important; padding: 0px !important;">&nbsp;</p>
<p style="margin: 0px !important; padding: 0px !important;"><span style="color: #000000; background-color: transparent;">Our compass at MongoDB is our </span><u style="color: #1155cc; background-color: transparent;"><a href="https://www.mongodb.com/company">Leadership Commitment,</a></u><span style="color: #000000; background-color: transparent;"> guiding how and why we make decisions, show up for each other, and win. It’s what makes us MongoDB.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p style="margin: 0px !important; padding: 0px !important;">&nbsp;</p>
<p style="margin: 0px !important; padding: 0px !important;"><span style="color: #000000; background-color: transparent;">To drive the personal growth and business impact of our employees, we’re committed to developing a supportive and enriching culture for everyone. </span><u style="color: #1155cc; background-color: transparent;"><a href="https://www.mongodb.com/company/blog/culture/employee-benefits-that-make-a-difference-at-mongodb">From employee affinity groups, to fertility assistance and a generous parental leave policy</a></u><span style="color: #000000; background-color: transparent;">, we value our employees’ wellbeing and want to support them along every step of their professional and personal journeys.</span><a style="color: #000000; background-color: transparent;" href="https://www.mongodb.com/blog/channel/culture"> </a><u style="color: #1155cc; background-color: transparent;"><a href="https://www.mongodb.com/blog/channel/culture">Learn more about what it’s like to work at MongoDB</a></u><span style="color: #000000; background-color: transparent;">, and help us make an impact on the world!</span></p>
<p style="margin: 0px !important; padding: 0px !important;">&nbsp;</p>
<p style="margin: 0px !important; padding: 0px !important;"><span style="color: #000000; background-color: transparent;">MongoDB is committed to providing any necessary accommodations for individuals with disabilities within our application and interview process. To request an accommodation due to a disability, please inform your recruiter.</span></p>
<p style="margin: 0px !important; padding: 0px !important;">&nbsp;</p>
<p style="margin: 0px !important; padding: 0px !important;"><span style="color: #000000; background-color: transparent;">MongoDB is an equal opportunities employer.</span></p>
<p style="margin: 0px !important; padding: 0px !important;">&nbsp;</p>
<p style="margin: 0px !important; padding: 0px !important;"><em><span style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0); background-color: transparent;">Req ID: </span>3263243163</em></p>