<div class="content-intro"><div><strong>About Us</strong></div>
<div>
<p>At Cloudflare, we are on a mission to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world’s largest networks that powers millions of websites and other Internet properties for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazine’s Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the World’s Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company.&nbsp;</p>
<p>At Cloudflare, we’re not looking for people who wait for a polished roadmap; we’re looking for the builders who see the cracks in the Internet that everyone else has simply learned to live with. We value candidates who have the instinct to spot a "normalized" problem and the AI-native curiosity to create a solution using the latest tools. Our culture is built on iteration, leveraging AI to ship faster today to make it better tomorrow, while ensuring that every improvement, no matter how small, is shared across the team to lift everyone up. If you’re the type of person who values curiosity over bureaucracy, and that AI is a partner in solving tough problems to keep the Internet moving forward, you’ll fit right in.</p>
</div></div><p><strong>Available Location: Paris</strong></p>
<p><strong>About the Department</strong></p>
<p>Account Executives, Business Development Representatives, Solution Engineers, Customer Success, and Sales Operations - all working together help our customers adopt Cloudflare and create great Internet-enabled experiences.</p>
<p>The sales team at Cloudflare helps customers solve real, technical problems while creating the revenue streams that help the company provide free service to millions in our community.</p>
<p><strong>About the Role</strong></p>
<p>Our Southern Europe Sales Team has been building an Enterprise focussed team spanning across mid-tier and all the way up to Global 2000 Enterprise accounts. Cloudflare has accelerated bringing both Enterprise and Fortune 1000 companies onto our platform in recent years, and this team will do that with more focus, faster pace, and higher long term growth expectations.</p>
<p>As the&nbsp;<strong>Sales Manager</strong> you will lead our France Majors Sales Team. We are seeking a highly experienced and talented Majors Accounts’ Sales Leader to help us manage and grow the organisation with overall responsibility for driving Cloudflare's revenue, hiring and brand awareness while maintaining the Cloudflare Culture.&nbsp;</p>
<p>The position will require leadership that spans go-to-market strategy development, managing Majors Account Executives and key account planning program development and implementation, executive relationship mapping and alignment, cultivating deep levels of trust and product co-creation, balancing short term with long term sales cycles and collaborating extensively cross-functionally to bring to bear product, marketing, support, success, solution engineering and channel onto our highest growth potential accounts. The goal is cultivating delighted, referenceable, multi-million dollar (ACV) large enterprise Cloudflare customers who obtain business value from today’s portfolio and our future roadmap.</p>
<ul>
<li>Continue to <strong>grow and build</strong> the France Majors Accounts’ Sales Team and drive the hiring needs through partnering with global functional leadership and recruiting resources.</li>
<li>Lead a senior, experienced Sales Team as well as directly and indirectly lead the supporting roles and resources surrounding our Majors accounts</li>
<li>Drive sales growth through successful leadership, organisational planning, customer service, and outstanding execution of all regional go-to-market programs (sales, customer success, solutions engineering, business development, support and field marketing).</li>
<li>Adopt and influence the company’s sales methodology/process and drive best practices on selling, forecasting, and account management.</li>
<li>Continuously design, build and execute strategies for France in collaboration with various regional and global functional leaders especially as it relates to multinational corporations with distributed buying centres and infrastructures</li>
<li>Represent Cloudflare as the single point of contact for all operational concerns, ensuring proper and timely escalation and resolution.</li>
<li>Ensure that corporate policy and regulatory initiatives are consistently applied and followed by the sales organisation.</li>
<li>Outstanding leadership - inspiring interpersonal effectiveness to lead teams, develop talent and effect change. Willing and able to be a “doer” and “influencer”.</li>
<li>Drive business cadence for forecast calls, functional review meetings, deal review, customer account reviews, weekly team meetings and periodic company-wide kick offs.</li>
<li>Represent Cloudflare as appropriate at external conferences, media, and PR events. Formulate and maintain relationships with key industry, public sector groups/forums, publications, and other related associations to help foster our Strategics’ business.</li>
<li>Travel within EMEA will be expected.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Examples of desired skills, knowledge and qualifications</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Minimum 10 years of senior and multi-level sales leadership experience, coupled with direct B2B selling experience to large enterprise accounts.</li>
<li>Track record in hiring and managing dozens of sellers.</li>
<li>Strong understanding of the French IT &amp; Cybersecurity Ecosystem.</li>
<li>Experience managing longer, complex sales cycles but driving a quarterly cadence.</li>
<li>Proven ability to sell solutions to large strategic customers.</li>
<li>Strong understanding of sales process/methodology, pipeline management, accurate forecasting and delivering results quarterly.</li>
<li>Individuals that have been promoted to sales leadership within companies is a plus with a proven track record of significant over-quota achievement and demonstrated career stability.</li>
<li>Experience in network performance and security, “how the internet works”, corporate networking and SD-WAN as well as industry concepts such as Zero Trust and SASE.</li>
<li>Aptitude for learning technical concepts/terms (technical background in engineering, computer science, or IT is a plus).</li>
<li>Self-motivated; entrepreneurial spirit.</li>
<li>Comfortable working in a fast paced dynamic environment.</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>What Makes Cloudflare Special?</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We’re a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.</span></p>
<p><a href="https://blog.cloudflare.com/protecting-free-expression-online/"><strong>Project Galileo</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: Since 2014, we've equipped more than 2,400 journalism and civil society organizations in 111 countries with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare’s enterprise customers--at no cost.</span></p>
<p><strong><a href="https://www.cloudflare.com/athenian/">Athenian Project</a></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">: In 2017, we created the Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration. Since the project, we've provided services to more than 425 local government election websites in 33 states.</span></p>
<p><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"><strong>1.1.1.1</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">: We released</span><a href="https://1.1.1.1/"> <span style="font-weight: 400;">1.1.1.1</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here’s the deal - we don’t store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our</span><a href="https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver"> privacy commitment</a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Sound like something you’d like to be a part of? We’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Please note that applicants who progress to the offer stage of the interview process may be asked to attend an in-person interview within one of the Cloudflare Offices or Cloudflare Hubs.&nbsp; More details about this will be available at that stage of the interview process.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. &nbsp;We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. &nbsp;All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual</span> <span style="font-weight: 400;">race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. &nbsp;Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. &nbsp;If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at </span><span style="font-weight: 400;">hr@cloudflare.com</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.</span></p></div>