<div class="content-intro"><p><strong>Who we are&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>At Twilio, we’re shaping the future of communications, all from the comfort of our homes. We deliver innovative solutions to<a class="c-link" href="https://customers.twilio.com/" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://customers.twilio.com/" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">&nbsp;hundreds of thousands of businesses&nbsp;</a>and empower millions of developers worldwide to craft personalized customer experiences.</p>
<p>Our dedication to <a class="c-link" href="https://www.twilio.com/en-us/blog/open-work" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://www.twilio.com/en-us/blog/open-work" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">remote-first work</a>, and strong culture of connection and global inclusion means that no matter your location, you’re part of a vibrant team with diverse experiences making a global impact each day. As we continue to revolutionize how the world interacts, we’re acquiring new skills and experiences that make work feel truly rewarding. Your career at Twilio is in your hands.<br><br>We use Artificial Intelligence (AI) to help make our hiring process efficient. That said, every hiring decision is made by real Twilions!</p>
<p><span style="color: rgb(255, 255, 255);">.</span></p></div><p><strong>See yourself at Twilio</strong></p>
<p>Join the team as Twilio’s next Counsel, Commercial.</p>
<p><strong>About the job</strong></p>
<p>We are actively recruiting for this role to fill an existing vacancy. This position is needed to enable the commercial legal team to support the Go-to-Market Sales team at Twilio. You will partner with the enterprise sales team in the APJ region to manage the full life-cycle negotiation of complex enterprise sales deals.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Twilio’s legal team prides itself on the trust it has built across the business through consistently providing practical and sound legal advice. Your unique skill set and experience are critical to help support our thriving and growing business and reinforce the trust and partnership we have cultivated with teams across the company.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Responsibilities</strong></p>
<p>In this role, you’ll:</p>
<ul>
<li>Take ownership of the review, negotiation, drafting and management of a wide range of legal agreements. Advise Twilio’s internal clients on contract interpretation and negotiation. Champion Twilio’s mission, ethics and integrity by ensuring Twilio’s compliance policies are in practice and protect the company from risk, comply with all applicable local laws and regulations, and are in line with Twilio’s values.</li>
<li>Seek to understand the context of the positions of Twilio’s customers and the requests from Twilio’s internal clients.&nbsp; Strive to solve problems and address issues from their perspectives.</li>
<li>Evaluate which matters and issues are most worthy or in need of your attention at any given time.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Qualifications&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>Twilio values diverse experiences from all kinds of industries, and we encourage everyone who meets the required qualifications to apply. If your career is just starting or hasn't followed a traditional path, don't let that stop you from considering Twilio. We are always looking for people who will bring something new to the table!</p>
<p><strong>\*Required:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Strong academic credentials and demonstrated record of success as a lawyer (completion of an approved law degree (LLB or JD)</li>
<li>Admitted to the Supreme Court of NSW</li>
<li>5+ years of commercial transactions experience with at least 3 years of negotiating complex technology transactions (e.g., SaaS)</li>
<li>Experience supporting a large sales organization&nbsp;</li>
<li>Ability to structure, draft and negotiate a high volume and broad range of commercial contracts, including Master Services Agreements, Professional Services Agreements, Non-Disclosure Agreements, etc.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Proven ability to provide entrepreneurial, quick-thinking, pragmatic, business-oriented advice and recommendations that properly balances the legal risk and business reward</li>
<li>Must be able to take complex legal concepts and explain them in a way that allows a non-lawyer to understand the issue and the associated risk</li>
<li>Outstanding communication skills, both written and verbal, including the ability to advocate for a position while maintaining a collaborative and open-minded approach</li>
<li>Ability to triage a heavy workflow, setting appropriate expectations with internal clients and delivering results efficiently&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Desired:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Other language skills besides English</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Location</strong></p>
<p>&nbsp;This role will be remote and based in Sydney, Australia.</p>
<p><strong>Travel&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>We prioritize connection and opportunities to build relationships with our customers and each other. For this role, you may be required to travel occasionally to participate in project or team in-person meetings.</p>
<p><strong>What We Offer</strong></p>
<p>Working at Twilio offers many benefits, including competitive pay, generous time off, ample parental and wellness leave, healthcare, a retirement savings program, and much more. Offerings vary by location.</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>Twilio thinks big. Do you?</strong></p>
<p>We like to solve problems, take initiative, pitch in when needed, and are always up for trying new things. That's why we seek out colleagues who embody our values — something we call <a href="https://www.twilio.com/company/values">Twilio Magic</a>. Additionally, we empower employees to build <a href="https://twilio.org/support-and-resources/impact-fund">positive change in their communities</a> by supporting their volunteering and donation efforts.</p>
<p>So, if you're ready to unleash your full potential, do your best work, and be the best version of yourself, apply now! If this role isn't what you're looking for, <a href="https://www.twilio.com/company/jobs#open-positions">please consider other open positions.</a></p>
<p><strong>Twilio is proud to be an equal opportunity employer.</strong> We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, reproductive health decisions, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, genetic information, political views or activity, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Qualified applicants with arrest or conviction records will be considered for employment in accordance with the Los Angeles County Fair Chance Ordinance for Employers and the California Fair Chance Act. Additionally, Twilio participates in the E-Verify program in certain locations, as required by law.</p></div>