<div class="content-intro"><p>Figma is growing our team of passionate creatives and builders on a mission to make design accessible to all. Figma’s platform helps teams bring ideas to life—whether you're brainstorming, creating a prototype, translating designs into code, or iterating with AI. From idea to product, Figma empowers teams to streamline workflows, move faster, and work together in real time from anywhere in the world. If you're excited to shape the future of design and collaboration, join us!</p></div><p>Figma is looking for a Manager, Mid Market Sales to join our dynamic team of creatives, engineers, marketing wizards, and brilliant business folks. You aren’t the typical sales leader, and we aren’t the typical design tool company. At Figma, we think outside the box, lift constraints that block our imagination everyday, and we expect you to do the same. With this role you’ll get in at the ground floor in a fast growing sales org. You’ll consult with our existing customer base and potential customers in driving meaningful relationships that add value to the customer experience and revenue to our bottom line.</p>
<p>We're growing and moving fast. Our next team member will have an agile, dynamic approach, be comfortable embracing change, a true team-player, and love working with our growing footprint of Fortune 1000 customers. You won’t be alone! Figma has an incredible team and you’ll work closely with other groups including Support, Design, Engineering, Product Marketing, Customer Success, and Community. As a Manager, Mid-Market Sales, you will lead a team of Account Executives responsible for continuing the growth of our Enterprise product. You will report to the Senior Manager, Enterprise Sales.</p>
<p>This is a full time role held on a hybrid basis at our Sydney hub.</p>
<h4>What you’ll do at Figma:</h4>
<ul>
<li>Lead a team of motivated and diverse individuals to foster an environment of success</li>
<li>Participate in customer and prospect meetings</li>
<li>Assist in continual training and development, including mentorship, hiring and career growth</li>
<li>Help shape and further develop sales processes and initiatives</li>
<li>Interview, hire and train new team members as we scale the business and company</li>
</ul>
<div class="section page-centered">
<h4>We'd love to hear from you if you have:</h4>
<ul>
<li>7+ years of SaaS sales experience&nbsp;</li>
<li>2+ years of management experience of a Commercial Sales team within a SaaS company</li>
<li>Experience selling to technical audiences (i.e. Engineering, Product, Design teams)</li>
<li>Prior success leading a team while simultaneously contributing to the execution of deals in partnership with direct reports</li>
<li>A proven track record of developing customer relationships with an emphasis on customer satisfaction</li>
<li>A proven track record of leading Sales teams to consistently meet and exceed goals</li>
</ul>
<h4>While not required, it’s an added plus if you also have:</h4>
<ul>
<li>Additional years of management experience within a SaaS company</li>
<li>Experience using or working with Figma, or other UX/UI experience</li>
<li>Ability to thrive in a constantly changing and evolving environment</li>
<li>Experience with Command of the Message or MEDDIC sales methodology</li>
</ul>
<div class="section page-centered">
<div>
<div>At Figma, one of our values is Grow as you go. We believe in hiring smart, curious people who are excited to learn and develop their skills. If you’re excited about this role but your past experience doesn’t align perfectly with the points outlined in the job description, we encourage you to apply anyways. You may be just the right candidate for this or other roles.</div>
</div>
</div>
</div><div class="content-conclusion"><p>At Figma we celebrate and support our differences. We know employing a team rich in diverse thoughts, experiences, and opinions allows our employees, our product and our community to flourish. Figma is an <a href="https://www.eeoc.gov/sites/default/files/2022-10/EEOC\_KnowYourRights\_screen\_reader\_10\_20.pdf">equal opportunity workplace</a> - we are dedicated to equal employment opportunities regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity/expression, veteran status<strong>, </strong>or any other characteristic protected by law. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements.</p>
<p>We will work to ensure individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to apply for a role, participate in the interview process, perform essential job functions, and receive other benefits and privileges of employment. If you require accommodation, please reach out to <a href="mailto:accommodations-ext@figma.com">accommodations-ext@figma.com</a>. These modifications enable an individual with a disability to have an equal opportunity not only to get a job, but successfully perform their job tasks to the same extent as people without disabilities.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Examples of accommodations include but are not limited to:&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>Holding interviews in an accessible location</li>
<li>Enabling closed captioning on video conferencing</li>
<li>Ensuring all written communication be compatible with screen readers</li>
<li>Changing the mode or format of interviews&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p>To ensure the integrity of our hiring process and facilitate a more personal connection, we require all candidates keep their cameras on during video interviews. Additionally, if hired you will be required to attend in person onboarding.</p>
<p>By applying for this job, the candidate acknowledges and agrees that any personal data contained in their application or supporting materials will be processed in accordance with <a class="c-link c-link--underline" href="https://www.figma.com/legal/candidate-privacy-notice/" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://www.figma.com/legal/candidate-privacy-notice/" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">Figma's Candidate Privacy Notice</a>.</p></div>