<p>We are Datadog's in-house product experts. The Technical Solutions team enables Datadog’s worldwide growth by educating potential clients and ensuring that existing customers are happy and successful. As a Technical Account Manager 2 (TAM 2), you’ll serve as a trusted advisor to our strategic customers, accelerating their adoption of the Datadog platform and enabling long-term success. TAM 2s bring deep technical expertise, refined customer skills, and consultative insight into how monitoring, observability, and DevOps practices translate to business value.</p>
<p><em>At Datadog, we place value in our office culture—the relationships and collaboration it builds and the creativity it brings to the table. We operate as a hybrid workplace to ensure our Datadogs can create a work-life harmony that best fits them.</em></p>
<p><strong>What You’ll Do:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Act as a technical advisor to 3 primary enterprise accounts, ensuring successful product adoption and effective usage of the Datadog platform.</li>
<li>Lead enablement and adoption sessions across core product areas tailored to your customer’s architecture and business needs.</li>
<li>Analyze customers’ IT Operations environments and workflows to recommend configuration, product usage, and performance improvements.</li>
<li>Deliver technical business reviews, health checks, and account maturity assessments, contributing to customer QBRs with impactful recommendations.</li>
<li>Escalate product issues appropriately and advocate for your customers’ needs with Datadog’s Product and Engineering teams.</li>
<li>Create executive-level summaries and insights that tie platform usage to business outcomes.</li>
<li>Participate in internal TAM strategy sessions and contribute to team learning through feature presentations, case studies, or best-practice sharing</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Who You Are:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>You have 2+ years of experience in a technical customer-facing role (TAM, Solutions Architect, SRE, DevOps Engineer, or similar) within the cloud or observability space.</li>
<li>You’re confident with at least two public cloud platforms (e.g. AWS, Azure, GCP) and have hands-on experience with infrastructure or application monitoring.</li>
<li>You’re familiar with scripting or automation tools (e.g. Python, Bash, Terraform, Chef/Puppet).</li>
<li>You have working knowledge of CI/CD pipelines and containerization tools (e.g. Jenkins, GitLab, Docker, Kubernetes).</li>
<li>You excel at communicating technical concepts to both technical and non-technical stakeholders, and can adapt your style for individual contributors or exec audiences.</li>
<li>You’re able to work with minimal guidance on customer enablement, issue triage, and product adoption strategies.</li>
<li>You are comfortable traveling up to 25–30% of the time as needed (via auto, air, or train).</li>
<li>Previous experience using Datadog or other cloud monitoring tools is a strong plus</li>
</ul>
<p><em>Datadog values people from all walks of life. We understand not everyone will meet all the above qualifications on day one. That's okay. If you’re passionate about technology and want to grow your skills, we encourage you to apply.</em></p>
<p><strong>Benefits and Growth:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Best-in-breed onboarding program</li>
<li>Generous global benefits package</li>
<li>Intra-departmental mentor and buddy program for in-house networking</li>
<li>New hire stock equity (RSUs) and employee stock purchase plan (ESPP)</li>
<li>Continuous professional development, product training, and career pathing</li>
<li>An inclusive company culture, including Community Guilds and Inclusion Talks</li>
</ul>
<p><em>Benefits and Growth listed above may vary based on the country of your employment and the nature of your employment with Datadog.</em></p>
<p style="color: white;">#LI-Hybrid</p><div class="content-conclusion"><hr>
<p><strong>About Datadog:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>Datadog (NASDAQ: DDOG) is a global SaaS business, delivering a rare combination of growth and profitability. We are on a mission to break down silos and solve complexity in the cloud age by enabling digital transformation, cloud migration, and infrastructure monitoring of our customers’ entire technology stacks. Built by engineers, for engineers, Datadog is used by organizations of all sizes across a wide range of industries. Together, we champion professional development, diversity of thought, innovation, and work excellence to empower continuous growth. Join the pack and become part of a collaborative, pragmatic, and thoughtful people-first community where we solve tough problems, take smart risks, and celebrate one another. Learn more about #DatadogLife on <a href="https://www.instagram.com/datadoghq/?hl=en" target="\_blank">Instagram</a>, <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/company/datadog" target="\_blank">LinkedIn,</a> and <a href="https://learn.datadoghq.com/" target="\_blank">Datadog Learning Center. </a></p>
<hr>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="215"><strong data-renderer-mark="true">Equal Opportunity at Datadog:</strong></p>
<p>Datadog is proud to offer <a href="https://www.eeoc.gov/sites/default/files/2023-06/22-088\_EEOC\_KnowYourRights6.12ScreenRdr.pdf" target="\_blank">equal employment opportunity</a> to everyone regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity, veteran status, and other characteristics protected by law. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. Here are our <a href="https://www.datadoghq.com/legal/candidate-legal-notices/" target="\_blank">Candidate Legal Notices</a> for your reference.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Datadog endeavors to make our Careers Page accessible to all users. If you would like to contact us regarding the accessibility of our website or need assistance completing the application process, please complete <a href="https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSeoJeduEZ2NdZF\_65uZmWUrCM-zee7yADXX1s6Xr9zAGq8iKA/viewform" target="\_blank">this form</a>. This form is for accommodation requests only and cannot be used to inquire about the status of applications.&nbsp;</p>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="662"><strong data-renderer-mark="true">Privacy and AI Guidelines:</strong></p>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="662">Any information you submit to Datadog as part of your application will be processed in accordance with Datadog’s&nbsp;<a class="c-link" href="https://www.datadoghq.com/legal/applicant-candidate-privacy/" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://www.datadoghq.com/legal/applicant-candidate-privacy/" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">Applicant and Candidate Privacy Notice</a>. For information on our AI policy, please visit <a href="https://www.datadoghq.com/legal/interviewing-at-datadog-ai-guidelines/" target="\_blank">Interviewing at Datadog AI Guidelines</a>.</p></div>