<div class="content-intro"><h2><span data-sheets-root="1">About Wolt</span></h2>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">At Wolt, we create technology that brings joy, simplicity and earnings to the neighborhoods of the world. In 2014 we started with delivery of restaurant food. Now we’re building the delivery of (almost) everything and you’ll find us in over 500 cities in 30 countries around the world. In 2022 we joined forces with DoorDash and together we keep on dreaming big and expanding across the globe.<br><br>Working at Wolt isn’t always easy, but it’s definitely exciting. Here you’ll learn more, build more, and ship more than in most other companies. You’ll be challenged a lot, but also have a lot of fun on the way. So, if you’re a self-starter with drive and entrepreneurial spirit, this could be the ride of your life.</span></p></div><p><em>We are seeking an experienced Manager to join our Finance &amp; Strategy (F&amp;S) team and support the Global Courier function.</em></p>
<p>The Logistics (Courier) function is responsible for our operations globally as well as trust &amp; safety. The function ensures we have the right courier supply balance, growing efficiency across our courier operations, and helps courier partners deliver more with fair compensation. The function also drives the development and execution of comprehensive strategies, policies and initiatives as we’re pushing to have the best real-time customer support in the world.</p>
<p>The Courier Finance &amp; Strategy team plays a key role in the success of Wolt, strategically and financially. The team owns the P&amp;L and ensures the right capital allocation within given constraints to hit the operational targets. You will support the function leadership in establishing a vision forward, setting ambitious targets and supporting the organization in reaching them. Your work will cover performance tracking, capital allocation proposals, developing advanced financial models, analyzing data and providing valuable business insights for decision making. As part of the Team, you will be a financial and strategic partner for the Courier functions leadership globally.</p>
<p>The team is part of the global Finance &amp; Strategy team, closely partnering up with our Global Head of Operations. In your work, you will also collaborate closely with accounting, analytics, product and local market teams. Our finance and analytics teams provide the treasure trove of high quality data for you to base your work on, and you will jointly develop our reporting and data structures with them to enable us to do even more. There are exciting opportunities in product development, and you will participate in that work, helping us prioritize our efforts as we unlock even more possibilities for us and our partners to succeed through technology. Ultimately, our regions and local markets are executing the plans and you will work closely with them to make our visions become reality.</p>
<h2><strong>What you’ll be doing</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Support and drive the process of providing financial and strategic targets in close collaboration with the Courier leadership</li>
<li>Identify and analyze trends, variances, and key performance indicators to provide insights and recommendations on strategic capital allocation to management</li>
<li>Develop advanced financial models to support business planning and decision-making</li>
<li>Help prepare and analyze financial reports, including weekly, monthly and quarterly management reports, forecasts and budgets for Courier function</li>
<li>Collaborate with cross-functional teams, including sales, marketing, and operations to understand business drivers and influence decision making</li>
<li>Participate in developing and maintaining financial reporting and analysis tools to enhance the accuracy and efficiency of financial analysis</li>
<li>Ad-hoc financial analysis and reporting requests as needed</li>
<li>Participate in the continued development of accurate and effective financial reporting for Courier, ensuring accuracy and completeness of financial data and compliance with accounting standards and policies</li>
</ul>
<h2>Our humble expectations</h2>
<ul>
<li>Bachelor's degree in Finance, Accounting, Economics, or a related field</li>
<li>Relevant experience in a highly analytical role like Investment Banking, Consulting, FP&amp;A in Tech company or similar</li>
<li>Ability to work independently and as part of a team in a fast-paced, dynamic environment</li>
<li>Very strong analytical skills and proficiency in financial modeling and analysis tools (e.g. Google Sheets, Excel, Looker). Experience and ability to work with large amounts of data.</li>
<li>Knowledge of accounting principles and financial reporting standards</li>
<li>Good communication skills, with the ability to present complex financial information in a clear and concise manner</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Next steps</strong></h2>
<p>If you are excited about working in a high-growth environment, taking ownership of things you care about, and being part of an ambitious group of professionals, then click below to apply and get the conversation going!</p>
<p><iframe src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/GoL541\_xj9w" width="560" height="314"></iframe></p><div class="content-conclusion"><h2><span data-sheets-root="1">Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion</span></h2>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">We’re committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. That’s why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.</span></p></div>