<p>
  <strong>Headquarters:</strong> Irvine, CA, United States
</p>

<div class="job__description body"><div><p></p><br><p>Who is <strong>Trace3</strong>?</p><br><p>Trace3 is a leading Transformative IT Authority, providing unique technology solutions and consulting services to our clients. Equipped with elite engineering and dynamic innovation, we empower IT executives and their organizations to achieve competitive advantage through a process of Integrate, Automate, Innovate.</p><br><p>Our culture at Trace3 embodies the spirit of a startup with the advantage of a scalable business. Employees can grow their career and have fun while doing it!</p><br><p>Trace3 is headquartered in Irvine, California. We employ more than 1,200 people all over the United States. Our major field office locations include Denver, Indianapolis, Grand Rapids, Lexington, Los Angeles, Louisville, Texas, San Francisco.&nbsp;&nbsp;</p><br><p><strong>Ready to discover the possibilities that live in technology?</strong></p><br><p>&nbsp;</p><br><p><strong>Come Join Us!</strong></p><br><p><strong>Street-Smart</strong>&nbsp;<strong>-&nbsp;<em>Thriving in Dynamic Times</em></strong></p><br><p>We are flexible and resilient in a fast-changing environment. We continuously innovate and drive constructive change while keeping a focus on the “big picture.” We exercise sound business judgment in making high-quality decisions in a timely and cost-effective manner. We are highly creative and can dig deep within ourselves to find positive solutions to different problems.</p><br><p><strong>Juice -&nbsp;<em>The “Stuff” it takes to be a Needle Mover </em></strong></p><br><p>We get things done and drive results. We lead without a title, empowering others through a can-do attitude. We look forward to the goal, mentally&nbsp;mapping out&nbsp;every checkpoint on the pathway to success, and visualizing what the final destination looks and feels like.</p><br><p><strong>Teamwork -&nbsp;<em>Humble, Hungry and Smart</em></strong></p><br><p>We are humble individuals who understand how our job impacts the company's mission. We treat others with respect, admit mistakes, give credit where it’s due and demonstrate transparency. We “bring the weather” by exhibiting positive leadership and solution-focused thinking. We hug people in their trials, struggles, and failures – not just their success. We appreciate the individuality of the people around us.</p><br><p>&nbsp;</p></div><div><p>About the role:</p><br><p>As the Senior Cloud Architect, you will be responsible for successfully designing cloud platform engineering solutions while focusing on consulting, project delivery oversight, and pre-sales activities. You will be a subject matter expert and trusted advisor, providing guidance and working closely with clients, partners, and other business units to ensure that consulting engagements meet their objectives. You will support pre-sales activities, such as reviewing requirements, creating level-of-effort estimates, proposals, and delivering proof of concepts.</p><br><p>What You'll do:</p><br><ul><br><li>Design, develop, and oversee implementation of consulting and hands-on services offerings for platform engineering.</li><br><li>Serve as a cloud native technical resource to determine the needs of our client’s businesses and recommend solutions across the broad cloud and platform engineering ecosystems.</li><br><li>Align solutions with standards and best practices working with cross-functional engineering and consulting teams.</li><br><li>Collaborate and communicate with the Sales and Account Management teams to ensure smooth and successful delivery and assist with the identification of additional services and sales opportunities within the customer’s environment.</li><br><li>Using your consulting background, establish strong and lasting relationships with key stakeholders and decision-makers in client organizations.</li><br><li>Contribute to the development of internal best practices as well as new innovative consulting and hands-on services offerings that we can take to market.</li><br><li>Develop and deliver proof of concepts to clients.</li><br><li>Support the Sales team by creating level-of-effort estimates and proposals.</li><br><li>Provide thought leadership in cloud native technologies, DevOps, and platform engineering.</li><br><li>Provide insights into the partner ecosystem, advancements and emerging technologies related to Platform Engineering, Automation and Observability.</li><br><li>Maintain enterprise use cases and stories to support our GTM, offerings and to represent the landscape.</li><br><li>Support Trace3’s Digital Consulting group with participation in Anchor Accounts, thought leadership to drive continuous engagement in our most strategic clients.</li><br></ul><br><p>Qualifications:</p><br><ul><br><li>Bachelor’s degree from an accredited university required or equivalent work experience.</li><br><li>Strong consulting background with preferably prior hands-on experience with cloud-native technologies, DevOps, and platform engineering.</li><br><li>Extensive experience with Kubernetes (K8s) technologies such as EKS, AKS, GKE, and OpenShift.</li><br><li>DevOps and DevSecOps ecosystem experience including CI/CD solutions, Jenkins, GitHub, Gitlab, Harness is strongly preferred.</li><br><li>Experience with observability solutions and Open Telemetry (OTEL).</li><br><li>Experience with BackStage and/or other internal developer portals a big plus.</li><br><li>Knowledge of K8s operators and solutions like Cilium and Crossplane.</li><br><li>AWS Certified Solution Architect and/or DevOps Engineer.</li><br><li>5+ years of experience with implementation and support of cloud compute, networking, and storage services.</li><br><li>Experience with cloud operations using native and third-party tools for monitoring and management.</li><br><li>Strong scripting skills in languages such as Python, Ruby, or GoLang.</li><br><li>Highly organized, detail-oriented, excellent time management skills and able to effectively prioritize tasks in a fast-paced, high-volume, and evolving work environment.</li><br><li>Ability to approach customer and sales requests in a proactive and consultative manner; listen and understand customer requests and needs and effectively deliver.</li><br><li>Effectively facilitate discussions, collaborate with team members, and proactively engage with client resources for tasks such as discovery, requirements analysis, data collection, and synthesis.</li><br><li>Create the necessary documentation such as architecture, test/QA, and as-built documentation.</li><br><li>Comfortable managing multiple and changing priorities, and meeting deadlines in an entrepreneurial environment.</li><br></ul></div><div class="job__pay-ranges"><div class="pay-range"><div class="description"><div class="body"><span>Actual salary will be based on a variety of factors, including location, experience, skill set, performance, licensure and certification, and business needs. The range for this position in other geographic locations may differ. Certain positions may also be eligible for variable incentive compensation, such as bonuses or commissions, that is not included in the base salary.</span></div></div><p class="body body--medium">Estimated Pay Range</p><p class="body">$190,000 - $225,000 USD</p></div></div><div><br><p><strong>The Perks</strong></p><br><ul><br><li>Comprehensive medical, dental and vision plans for you and your dependents</li><br><li>401(k) Retirement Plan with Employer Match, 529 College Savings Plan, Health Savings Account, Life Insurance, and Long-Term Disability</li><br><li>Competitive Compensation</li><br><li>Training and development programs</li><br><li>Stocked kitchen with snacks and beverages</li><br><li>Collaborative and cool culture</li><br><li>Work-life balance and generous paid time off</li><br></ul><br><p>&nbsp;</p><br><p><strong>Our Commitment</strong></p><br><p>At the core of Trace3's DNA is our people. We are a diverse group of talented individuals who understand the importance of teamwork and demonstrating leadership, character, and passion in all that we do.</p><br><p>We’re committed to fostering an inclusive workplace where everyone feels respected, valued, and empowered to grow. We recognize that embracing diversity drives innovation, improves outcomes, fosters collaboration, boosts teammate satisfaction, and builds a more inclusive culture.</p><br><p>As an equal opportunity employer, Trace3 bases all employment decisions based on individual qualifications, merit, and business requirements. We do not engage in discrimination on the basis of race, color, religion, sex (including gender identity, sexual orientation, and pregnancy), national origin, age (40 or older), disability, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state, or local law.</p><br><p>Any demographic information provided is strictly voluntary, kept confidential in accordance with Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) regulations, and will not be used in employment decisions, including hiring, promotions, or mentorship programs. We are committed to providing equal employment opportunities for all.</p><br><p>If you require a reasonable accommodation to complete the application process or participate in an interview, please email&nbsp;<a href="mailto:recruiting@trace3.com">recruiting@trace3.com</a>.</p><br><p>&nbsp;</p><br><p><strong>***To all recruitment agencies:</strong>&nbsp;Trace3 does not accept unsolicited agency resumes/CVs. Please do not forward resumes/CVs to our careers email addresses, Trace3 employees or any other company location. Trace3 is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes/CVs.</p></div></div>

<p><strong>To apply:</strong> <a href="https://weworkremotely.com/remote-jobs/trace3-sr-cloud-solutions-architect-devops-remote">https://weworkremotely.com/remote-jobs/trace3-sr-cloud-solutions-architect-devops-remote</a></p>