Metabase is the easiest way for people to get insights from their data, from tiny startups who get up and running quickly to major corporations with tens of thousands of users. That's why people [love us](https://www.metabase.com/love).

We bring data tools with the elegance and simplicity of consumer products to the crufty world of enterprise business intelligence. We provide an opinionated open source starting point for how companies should measure, analyze and share their data, which is used by tens of thousands of companies.

Metabase is looking for a customer-focused, technical Open Source Community Advocate to join our growing global team! We are looking for someone who loves data analytics, enjoys helping others, and is excited to work for a startup to help drive our Success Engineering team’s mission to help our customers be successful by guiding them on how to get data from all the various places it lives, transform it into useful shapes, or to convert their questions into actual queries that can be executed.  You will help and build relationships with our customers in the public places they hang out (like LinkedIn, Twitter, Reddit, and data slack communities), providing help to Metabase users using our open source and for-fee products.  [Our discourse forum](https://discourse.metabase.com/) is often the first resource that comes up when our customers search for issues, and it’s used by Metabase customers big and small.

A typical day will involve a mix of answering our users on our discourse forum and helping customers on Twitter or other social channels.  Any given week, you might correspond with our users to hear what they’re trying to accomplish, collaborate with our writing team, or participate in brainstorming sessions on what content we should create for our customers.

**Why Success?**

We are the voice for our customers.  Our product team reviews our feedback, asks us for advice, and engages with our customers proactively.  We have a writer on our team who reviews what questions our customers are asking and improves our documentation, so the next customer doesn’t have to ask.  We also work closely with an engineering team focused on critical issues and our escalations, so we don’t have to worry about our customers being impacted by major bugs for a long time.

We’re 100% remote, and our operations are designed that way.  People work during the times that work for them.  You are not expected to be “on” at all times, and there are no points for responding quickly to every Slack you receive.

We don’t overpromise our customers. Since we’re open source, our customers can see what we’re doing in our Github repository and our [roadmap is publicly available](https://www.metabase.com/roadmap/) for our customers at all times.

Many companies use the word “success” to describe jobs that are really sales jobs or account management jobs with quotas. We are not about that. We’re exclusively here to make sure our open source users, our future customers who are currently on trials, and our current paying customers all get the appropriate help they need to be successful.

If you want to take part and have a voice in a truly growing business, believe that BI analytics should be easy to use and set-up, and that self-service analytics should be a real thing and not just some marketing jargon that people put on their websites, please apply!

## Being an Open Source Community Advocate at Metabase would be a great fit for you if you:

- Enjoy helping people and solving their problems
- Have a strong technical background (minimum of 3 -5 years writing production code or administering systems)
- Have experience with using data visualization or data analytics tools (bonus if you have experience using Metabase)
- Have excellent written communication
- Are comfortable being the face of Metabase during webinars or in-person events

## You have expertise in at least one of:

- Running Metabase on a variety of operating systems for multiple years
- Strong background in networking and how web applications function
- Managing servers (either physical, or Docker, or AWS/GCP/etc)
- Managing databases and strong SQL skills

## It’s not required, but a plus if you:

- Are fluent in multiple languages (this is helpful as our users are world-wide)

We're a global team (50% outside the US), fully distributed (from Thailand to California), who get things done asynchronously, with plenty of uninterrupted time, supporting each other to do the best work of our careers. We offer flexibility (define your own schedule and work from wherever you want), autonomy, and an environment that fosters growth, learning, and development. We're relentlessly user-focused and believe in building long-term value, not short-term hacks. And we raised a $30M Series B to take our approach to the next level for years to come.

For U.S. applicants: Metabase participates in the federal E-Verify program, which confirms employment authorization of newly hired U.S. based employees. E-Verify is not used as a tool to pre-screen candidates and is only initiated upon hire.

[E-Verify Participation Notice](https://www.e-verify.gov/sites/default/files/everify/posters/EVerifyParticipationPoster.pdf) (English/Spanish)

[Right to Work Notice](https://www.e-verify.gov/sites/default/files/everify/posters/IER_RightToWorkPoster%20Eng_Es.pdf) (English/Spanish)