<p><strong><span data-contrast="none">Lab Manager</span></strong></p>
<p class="p1">Our team is at the forefront of the artificial intelligence revolution, enabling innovators from all&nbsp;industries and sectors to expand human potential with technology. The availability of specialised&nbsp;artificial intelligence compute will be a decisive factor in AI’s rate of progress. Graphcore allows&nbsp;innovators to go further, faster. What we do, really makes a difference.</p>
<p class="p1">As an Electronics Laboratory Manager you will be responsible for managing the India laboratory within Graphcore ensuring facilities are always available to support cross-functional operations. You will help implement, execute and develop standard operating procedures to ensure compliance with safety, quality and regulatory standards, and other relevant policies.</p>
<p class="p1">You will be working within the organisation supporting teams from Facilities, Manufacturing&nbsp;Technology, Supply Chain, Quality, Product Test and Diagnosis, Infrastructure Solutions, and&nbsp;Hardware Engineering within the laboratory environment.</p>
<p class="p1"><strong>The Team</strong></p>
<p class="p1">The Laboratory team supports the installation, maintenance, repair and modification of electronic&nbsp;systems, cables, and equipment within the laboratory. Providing support to cross-functional teams&nbsp;to troubleshoot issues to ensure reliable and safe operation of all lab equipment. The team also&nbsp;maintains accurate technical documentation, manages tools, assets, and test equipment, and&nbsp;contributes to efficient, high-quality technical operations.<br><br></p>
<p class="p1"><strong>Responsibilities and Duties</strong></p>
<p class="p1">• Manage the installation, maintenance, and calibration of electronic test equipment&nbsp;(oscilloscopes, logic analysers, power supplies etc).</p>
<p class="p1">• Manage the installation, maintenance, and testing of laboratory infrastructure including chillers,&nbsp;compressors, cooling systems, and HVAC.</p>
<p class="p1">• Implement preventive maintenance programs and troubleshooting guides for laboratory&nbsp;equipment and infrastructure.</p>
<p class="p1">• Ensure compliance with health and safety requirements.</p>
<p class="p1">• Implement and enforce ESD prevention and control systems, including regular audits and&nbsp;training.</p>
<p class="p1">• Manage the goods in/out process for the laboratories ensuring items are suitably tracked and&nbsp;stored in accordance with required security standards.</p>
<p class="p1">• Support engineering teams in setting up test benches, configuring equipment, and ensuring&nbsp;technical readiness for hardware bring up, validation, and characterisation.</p>
<p class="p1">• Collaborate with engineering teams to identify technical laboratory requirements and plan&nbsp;required infrastructure to meet these requirements.</p>
<p class="p1">• Build and manage a team of technicians providing technical guidance, training, and procedures&nbsp;to support the requirements of multidisciplined lab teams.</p>
<p class="p1"><strong>Essential Skills:</strong></p>
<p class="p1">• Experience in managing and leading a team of technicians within an electronics environment.</p>
<p class="p1">• Strong technical understanding of electronic test equipment and laboratory infrastructure,&nbsp;including setup, calibration, and troubleshooting.</p>
<p class="p1">• Strong understanding of ESD prevention and control.</p>
<p class="p1">• In depth knowledge of health &amp; safety requirements in an electronics laboratory setting and&nbsp;ability to ensure safe working practices are implemented and controlled.</p>
<p class="p1">• Ability to collaborate with cross-functional engineering teams in the laboratory environment,&nbsp;ensuring setups meet technical requirements while adhering to defined working practices.</p>
<p class="p1">• Strong interpersonal, communication and leadership skills to build, manage, and mentor a team&nbsp;of technicians.</p>
<p class="p1"><strong>Desirable</strong></p>
<p class="p1">• Experience using asset management systems including tracking of test equipment, security-&nbsp;controlled devices, and calibration status.</p>
<p class="p1">• Experience in collaborating with external subcontractors for technical services including periodic&nbsp;maintenance and calibration of lab equipment, facilities upgrade, or specialist equipment&nbsp;maintenance.</p>
<p class="p1">• Experience in Repair and Modification of PCB assemblies to IPC-7711/21 and J-STD-001&nbsp;standards.</p>
<p class="p1">• Experience in cable and wire harness assemblies to drawings and IPC-620 standards.</p>
<p class="p1">• Experience in IPC-A-610 Inspection.</p>
<p><strong><span data-contrast="auto"><span class="TextRun SCXW131410784 BCX0" lang="EN-GB" data-contrast="none"><span class="NormalTextRun SCXW131410784 BCX0">Benefits:</span></span></span></strong></p>
<p><span data-contrast="none">In addition to a competitive salary, Graphcore offers a competitive benefits package. We welcome people of different backgrounds and experiences; we’re committed to building an inclusive work environment that makes Graphcore a great home for everyone. We offer an equal opportunity process and understand that there are visible and invisible differences in all of us. We can provide a flexible approach to interview and encourage you to chat to us if you require any reasonable adjustments.</span><span data-ccp-props="{&quot;134233117&quot;:false,&quot;134233118&quot;:false,&quot;335559738&quot;:240,&quot;335559739&quot;:240}">&nbsp;</span></p>