<div class="p-rich\_text\_section">
<p data-renderer-start-pos="15" data-local-id="744e766f-e9b1-436c-933b-f2574115206a">At Veriff, our mission is to deliver the digital source of truth of our identities. Take part in solving real-world problems and shaping their solutions. Our team is made up of amazing Veriffians all over the world.</p>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="233" data-local-id="d8270c62-943f-4b5d-b470-6b5eb4755b4a">As a company dedicated to a collective mission of global betterment, you'll find yourself immersed in a dynamic environment, surrounded by the positivity and creativity of an inspired team. At the forefront of the identity verification movement, your influence will shape the online experiences of millions, contributing to a safer internet landscape.</p>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="589" data-local-id="e72c9501-40a0-492b-95a1-ea54fa1c1a65"><strong data-renderer-mark="true">About the role</strong></p>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="605" data-local-id="b0bf7baf-50a3-4e52-99b8-e4bad61d0249">We’re looking for an experienced Senior Product Designer to help us bring our products to the next level. At the Product Design team, we are highly collaborative, working closely with customers and across multiple functions to bring different perspectives together in creating the best possible solutions. We are a diverse, international design team of 5 designers. Each designer acts as a partner to the Product Manager and engineering team on specific initiatives.</p>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="1073" data-local-id="40385324-a755-413c-80dc-bdfdbd34bdc1">You’ll define and build innovative products by driving the entire product design process from discovery to delivery to iteration. Our mission at the product design team is to deliver a best-in-class experience for our customers and users and establish our products as the trusted hub for people’s identity.</p>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="1381" data-local-id="ed6346f8-2ba5-4e11-a9f8-544233a93611">To be successful in this role, you’ll need strong research skills, the ability to lead and collaborate in a remote environment, and an innovative mindset.</p>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="1539" data-local-id="5cc0eb88-abd1-4beb-b617-4a77081604b5"><strong data-renderer-mark="true">What you'll do</strong>:</p>
<ul class="ak-ul" data-local-id="9959570c-5944-4f0f-965b-28112a25fd56" data-indent-level="1">
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="1558" data-local-id="40a96b71-c546-452e-b0c5-bbe3ff5e349d">Lead the direction of the initiatives to shape the future of our products, with a strong focus on driving execution and shipping impactful solutions.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="1711" data-local-id="6a8a9a1a-0bed-41c8-a837-a1f624fa9256">Facilitate workshops with stakeholders to define scope, priorities and the problem statement.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="1808">Take ideas from conception to compelling experiences by creating flows, prototypes and high-fidelity designs to test with customers and end users.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="1958">Generate insights through interviews, research sessions, and deep data analysis to understand customer and user needs. Become the voice of our customers and advocate for their needs and goals.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="2154">Design across the full spectrum of UX and UI, presenting various solutions and iterating quickly based on feedback.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="2273" data-local-id="e754eec2-2628-4e03-8b53-e6f0837b856d">Hand off and support implementation with the engineering team.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="2339">Align and collaborate with other designers and product teams to ensure new designs align with system foundations and contributes to a coherent ecosystem.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="2496">Monitor product performance, identity opportunities for improvement, and iterate based on learnings.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="2600" data-local-id="77fe4ea0-3c63-4235-80d2-6ff5a0c53326">Actively contribute to ongoing improvements of the design teams processes, culture, and tools, including our design system.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="2729" data-local-id="bbc06b4f-922c-4b25-91fb-564278cb000a"><strong data-renderer-mark="true">You are the right future Veriffian for the job if you have:</strong></p>
<ul class="ak-ul" data-local-id="af7b828d-4593-4263-b0b6-d9e2f6e7412e" data-indent-level="1">
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="2792" data-local-id="fc0af15a-19d9-411b-858c-d642d919ef82">Leadership skills and experience, able to work independently and drive projects forward.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="2884" data-local-id="8db8f93d-e940-4a8f-bb21-922a25bd1dd7">Deep desire to learn everything about the industry and become an in-house expert of your product. You’re curious and have a broad range of interests.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="3037" data-local-id="6ca50cce-a90d-4d4a-b602-97ec2c8ab6a7">Strategic mindset with the ability to align design strategies with business goals and user needs, translating complex challenges into actionable plans.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="3192" data-local-id="426175ff-3ead-4805-96a0-6f2bf6d7a4f0">Experience with data-driven design decision-making and familiarity with metrics that drive user engagement and retention.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="3317" data-local-id="565e3214-c2da-41b6-946f-f368e3a246fd">Excellent communication, presentation, and storytelling skills, capable of effectively articulating design vision and strategy to all levels of the organization.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="3482" data-local-id="30acf723-17dd-419d-aeb9-19b297be0c10">Strong ability to prioritize and manage multiple projects, staying adaptable in a fast-changing environment. You balance practical decision-making with a willingness to make smart trade-offs, ship quickly, and learn from real-world feedback.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="3727" data-local-id="266a172f-4822-4cc7-bfa6-bbc05002f778">Proven ability to collaborate effectively with cross-functional teams.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="3803" data-local-id="62c10a89-48a1-4527-bd7b-5f280e606f66"><strong data-renderer-mark="true">You’re an especially awesome match if you have:</strong></p>
<ul class="ak-ul" data-local-id="9734ed2e-8af0-44aa-b239-3320b1eb5042" data-indent-level="1">
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="3854" data-local-id="9d0c7e18-c956-4ba7-a222-e164979b1435">Experience designing data-heavy SaaS products (bonus points if you’ve worked in the fraud or identity space)</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="3966" data-local-id="60531656-6799-47b1-a9fd-88fd0b27f1c2">Prior experience in B2B</p>
</li>
</ul>
</div>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section"><strong data-stringify-type="bold">Why Veriff?</strong></div>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section">&nbsp;</div>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section">
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section">We are the preferred identity verification platform partner for the world’s most innovative growth-driven organizations helping conveniently verify and safeguard users anywhere in the world. We support the broadest number of identity documents from nearly every country and territory in the world - and this is continually increasing! With a diverse team in the United States, United Kingdom, Spain, and Estonia, as well as robust backing and funding from investors including Accel, Alkeon, IVP, Tiger Capital, and Y Combinator, we’re dedicated to helping businesses and individuals build a safer and more secure world. We strive to be the benchmark for trust online, and we take pride in being a positive force.When you join Team Veriff, we offer you the opportunity to have a real impact and advance your career whilst looking after you along the way with a range of benefits designed with you in mind. Some of our favourites include...</div>
<ul class="p-rich\_text\_list p-rich\_text\_list\_\_bullet" data-stringify-type="unordered-list" data-indent="0" data-border="0">
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">Flexibility to work from home</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">Stock options that ensure your share in our success</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">Extra recharge days on top of your annual vacation</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">Comprehensive relocation support to Estonia or Spain</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">Extensive medical, dental, and vision insurance to ensure you’re feeling great physically and mentally</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">Learning and Development &amp; Health and Sports budget that you are free to tailor to your own needs</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">Four weeks of fully paid sabbatical leave after reaching your 5th work anniversary</li>
</ul>
</div>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section"><em>We are an Equal Opportunities employer committed to a diverse and representative team. Different opinions, perspectives, and personalities push us forward. We want to hear from people who are passionate about their work and align with our values. Regardless of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, or disability. We also know the confidence gap and imposter syndrome can get in the way of meeting spectacular candidates - so rest assured, whoever you are, we want to hear from you!</em></div>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section">&nbsp;</div>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section">Please be informed that in the final stage of the recruitment process we may request you to go through identity verification. For more information, please see&nbsp;<a class="c-link" href="https://www.veriff.com/recruitment-privacy-policy" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://www.veriff.com/recruitment-privacy-policy" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">Recruitment Privacy Policy</a>.</div>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section">&nbsp;</div>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section"><span style="color: rgb(255, 255, 255);">#SPBTAL #LI-Remote</span></div>