<p>Thank you for your interest in KONUX! Please fill the application form below.&nbsp;</p>
<hr>
<h3></h3>
<p><strong>About Us:</strong></p>
<p><strong>Transform rail operations for a sustainable future! KONUX</strong> is a dynamic and fast-growing technology company that is transforming the way industry works. Our AI-powered solutions empower our customers to make smarter, data-driven decisions, and our culture is fueled by grit, ingenuity, and credibility - we believe that these values are essential to unlocking the potential of technology and making a real impact. At KONUX, we are passionate about driving innovation in the fields of IoT and AI, and we are looking for like-minded individuals to join our team.</p>
<h3><strong>Equal Opportunity</strong></h3>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">At KONUX, we focus on results. We believe that a diverse team achieves better results faster. So here’s the deal: You bring in your very own perspective. We promise to judge your qualifications and performance, not your age, sex, religion, skin color, gender identity, family status or disability.</span></p>
<h3></h3>
<p><strong>Why Join Us:</strong></p>
<p>💸 Competitive salary&nbsp;</p>
<p>📉 Equity (all permanent KONUX employees have equity!)</p>
<p>📖 Dedicated Learning &amp; Development budget of 3.600€ p.a.</p>
<p>🏠 Comprehensive relocation support if this opportunity at KONUX requires you to move</p>
<p>👨‍💻 Hybrid working model: Meet your colleagues in the office minimum 2 days per week</p>
<p>🏢 Modern workspace with a cool rooftop and mountain view</p>
<p>💻 Flexible working conditions, home office equipment and free choice between a Windows or Apple laptop</p>
<p>❤️‍🩹 Health benefits supporting your physical and mental well-being, e.g wellpass/gym membership and mental health app license</p>
<p>🍒Fruits, snacks and beverages for energy and our very own Oma cooking in the office every Thursday</p>
<p>👴 Company pension scheme</p>
<p>🙌 Access to Corporate Benefits and Future Bens</p>
<p>🌴 27 vacation days (+1 day on every work anniversary for 3 years)</p>
<p>💁 Volunteering activities (2 additional days off)</p>
<p>🍻 Company and team events&nbsp;</p>
<p>🐶 We are a pet-friendly company, so your four-legged friend can join you in the office!</p>
<h3></h3>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>#LI-DNI</p>
<hr>
<p>&nbsp;</p>