<p><strong>This is Adyen</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Adyen provides payments, data, and financial products in a single solution for customers like Meta, Uber, H&amp;M, and Microsoft - making us the financial technology platform of choice. At Adyen, everything we do is engineered for ambition.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">For our teams, we create an environment with opportunities for our people to succeed, backed by the culture and support to ensure they are enabled to truly own their careers. We are motivated individuals who tackle unique technical challenges at scale and solve them as a team. Together, we deliver innovative and ethical solutions that help businesses achieve their ambitions faster.</span></p>
<p><strong>Why you should join the Adyen Sales Team</strong></p>
<p>Sales at Adyen is captured with one phrase: we sell the best to the best. You will have the opportunity to work alongside world-class salespeople and boost your career by being trained through our Adyen Sales Academy. You'll work with world-class merchants, technology, and colleagues while selling the best to the best.</p>
<p>At Adyen, our sales teams take initiatives, allowing them to make an impact from day one and we highly encourage working as a team because winning is more important than ego. Adyen is the place where sales mavericks can take flight.</p>
<p>Being able to tell stories is fundamental to how we operate. Our team is fantastic storytellers when speaking to prospective and current clients to foster excitement about our product and strengthen customer relations. We are looking for a sales manager who will succeed aboard the Adyen rocket ship and take our current successful momentum to the next level of growth through the acquisition of new (Enterprise) merchants.</p>
<p>Sounds exciting? Keep reading!</p>
<p><strong>What You’ll Do:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Own the sales cycle with our largest merchants - from the prospecting stage to closing deals;</li>
<li>Creatively drive innovation for merchants in retail, digital, platforms, and financial services;</li>
<li>Become an expert in selling Adyen's world class financial solutions;</li>
<li>Partner with technology leaders and solution providers while working closely with our Sales Support, Implementation and Account Management teams;</li>
<li>Travel and network (~25%);</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Who You Are:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>You have high levels of energy, love networking, connecting and thrive in hands-on environments.</li>
<li>Proven experience in an enterprise sales role (7+ years) selling complex solutions;</li>
<li>You are a team player who enjoys working with a global team across different offices, roles, and cultures;</li>
<li>You are an analytical, strategic negotiator with a commercially driven, goal-getting attitude</li>
<li>You have the ability to execute, manage time-sensitive tasks in a fast-paced, highly entrepreneurial environment;</li>
<li>Working in the financial space against large banking institutions is a challenge, so these individuals should be prepared to educate and pitch transparently with a consultative approach;</li>
<li>You are an industry specialist with solid experience in selling into retail / hospitality / e-commerce / gaming or other consumer centric industry where payments happens.</li>
<li>Fluency in Japanese and business level English is required.</li>
</ul>
<p>Ready to meet us?</p>
<p>If you are excited about this role, apply by clicking the link below. We can’t wait to meet you!</p>
<p><strong>Our Diversity, Equity and Inclusion commitments&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Our unique approach is a product of our diverse perspectives. This diversity of backgrounds and cultures is essential in helping us maintain our momentum. Our business and technical challenges are unique, and we need as many different voices as possible to join us in solving them - voices like yours. No matter who you are or where you’re from, we welcome you to be your true self at Adyen.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Studies show that women and members of underrepresented communities apply for jobs only if they meet 100% of the qualifications. Does this sound like you? If so, Adyen encourages you to reconsider and apply. We look forward to your application!</span></p>
<p><strong>What’s next?</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Ensuring a smooth and enjoyable candidate experience is critical for us. We aim to get back to you regarding your application within 5 business days. Our interview process tends to take about 4 weeks to complete, but may fluctuate depending on the role. </span><a href="https://careers.adyen.com/how-we-hire"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Learn more about our hiring process here</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">. Don’t be afraid to let us know if you need more flexibility.</span></p>
<p>This role is based out of our Tokyo office. We are an office-first company and value in-person collaboration; we do not offer remote-only roles.</p>