<p>At Asana, we’re building work management software to help every organization in the world become more effective in working together and realizing their goals. Our Business Development team plays a critical role in helping the world’s teams thrive by introducing them to Asana - as both a technology product and a holistic way of working.</p>
<p>We’re looking for ambitious, motivated individuals to join our Outbound Business Development team and help us grow our footprint across the EMEA region. As a BDR, you’ll play a crucial role in driving new business by identifying, engaging, and creating pipeline opportunities with high-potential prospects.</p>
<p>This role is ideal for someone who is curious, coachable, and eager to develop as a sales professional. You’ll work closely with our team of Account Executives to execute strategic outbound plays that are targeted and customer-centric. You’ll be the first point of contact for many of our future customers - and the way you build trust and deliver value will set the tone for their entire experience.</p>
<p>This role is based in our Dublin office with an office-centric hybrid schedule. The standard in-office days are Monday, Tuesday, and Thursday. Most Asanas have the option to work from home on Wednesdays. Working from home on Fridays depends on the type of work you do and the teams with which you partner. If you're interviewing for this role, your recruiter will share more about the in-office requirements.</p>
<p><strong>What you’ll achieve:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Create EMEA pipeline by identifying, researching, and engaging high-potential prospects across key regions</li>
<li>Execute targeted, multi-channel outbound prospecting (email, phone, social) to generate qualified opportunities</li>
<li>Become an expert on Asana’s product, value proposition, and ideal customer profile to effectively articulate our impact and tailor outreach</li>
<li>Partner directly with your aligned Account Executives to effectively build quality pipeline</li>
<li>Consistently meet and exceed weekly and monthly activity metrics, opportunity targets and pipeline generation targets</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>About you:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Fluent in German</li>
<li>1 year experience in inbound or outbound sales development, or relevant customer facing role with an Interest in growing into a career in Software Sales (SaaS) or other business functions</li>
<li>Enthusiastic about technology and eager to share this passion with others</li>
<li>Effective communication skills, empathy, and a strong commitment to integrity</li>
<li>An analytical thinker who can identify patterns across large data sets</li>
<li>A team player who understands the importance of cross-functional collaboration and thrives on the shared success of the team</li>
<li>Demonstrated curiosity about AI tools and emerging technologies, with a willingness to learn and leverage them to enhance productivity, collaboration, or decision-making</li>
</ul>
<p>At Asana, we're committed to building teams that include a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, and skills, as this is critical to helping us achieve our mission. If you're interested in this role and don't meet every listed requirement, we still encourage you to apply.</p>
<p><strong>What we’ll offer:</strong></p>
<p>Our comprehensive compensation package plays a big part in how we recognize you for the impact you have on our path to achieving our mission. We believe that compensation should be reflective of the value you create relative to the market value of your role. To ensure pay is fair and not impacted by biases, we're committed to looking at market value which is why we check ourselves and conduct a yearly pay equity audit.&nbsp;</p>
<p>For this role, the estimated base salary range is between €40,600 - €45,500. The actual base salary will vary based on various factors, including market and individual qualifications objectively assessed during the interview process. The listed range above is a guideline, and the base salary range for this role may be modified.</p>
<p>In addition to base salary, your compensation package may include additional components such as equity, sales incentive pay (for most sales roles), and benefits. If you're interviewing for this role, speak with your Talent Acquisition Partner to learn more about the total compensation and benefits for this role.</p>
<p>We strive to provide equitable and competitive benefits packages that support our employees worldwide and include:</p>
<ul>
<li>Mental health, wellness &amp; fitness benefits</li>
<li>Career coaching &amp; support</li>
<li>Inclusive family building benefits</li>
<li>Long-term savings or retirement plans</li>
<li>In-office culinary options to cater to your dietary preferences&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p>These are just some of the benefits we offer, and benefits may vary based on role, country, and local regulations. If you're interviewing for this role, speak with your Talent Acquisition Partner to learn more about the total compensation and benefits for this role.</p>
<p>#LI-Hybrid</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>About us</strong></p>
<p data-pm-slice="1 1 []">Asana is a leading platform for human + AI collaboration. Millions of teams around the world rely on Asana to achieve their most important goals, faster. Asana has been named to Fortune's Best Workplaces for 7+ years and recognized by Fast Company, Forbes, and Gartner for excellence in workplace culture and innovation. We offer an exceptional office-centric culture while adopting the best elements of hybrid models to ensure that every one of our global team members can work together effortlessly. With 13+ offices all over the world, we are always looking for individuals who care about building technology that drives positive change in the world and a culture where everyone feels that they belong.</p>
<p data-pm-slice="1 1 []"><strong><a class="LinkThemeablePresentation LinkPrimaryPresentation LinkPrimaryPresentation--sentimentSelected PrimaryLink HighlightSol HighlightSol--core HighlightSol--buildingBlock" href="https://www.gem.com/form?formID=fbcdec8c-3442-43b9-9b45-d2b5f4ea25db" target="\_blank">Join Asana’s Talent Network</a></strong>&nbsp;to stay up to date on job opportunities and life at Asana.</p></div>