<div class="content-intro"><h2><strong>About Remote</strong></h2>
<div><span style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">Remote is solving modern organizations’ biggest challenge – navigating global employment compliantly with ease. We make it possible for businesses of all sizes to recruit, pay, and manage international teams. With our core values at heart and future focused work culture, our team works tirelessly on ambitious problems, asynchronously, around the world. You can find Remoters working from 6 different continents (Antarctica left to go!) and all of our positions are fully remote.<br><br><span class="discussion-id-2f7cb4da-dab4-8068-a80f-001c50b2d808 suggestion-update notion-enable-hover" data-token-index="0">With Innovation as one of the core values, we have built Automation and AI capabilities into the requirements for every role.</span><br><br>We encourage every member of the Remote team to bring their talents, experiences and culture to the table to help us build the best-in-class HR platform.</span></div>
<div>&nbsp;</div>
<div><span style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">If you are energetic, curious, motivated and ambitious, be part of our world. Apply now and define the future of work!</span></div></div><h2><strong>What this job can offer you</strong></h2>
<p>This is an exciting time to join Remote and make a personal difference in the global employment space as a <strong>Senior</strong> <strong>Implementations Program Manager - Embedded</strong> reporting to the GM, Remote Embedded.</p>
<p>As Senior Implementations Program Manager, you will be responsible for delivering business outcomes (technical, commercial, and operational) and building the end-to-end implementations process for Remote Embedded partners.</p>
<p>This role offers a high-impact opportunity to take direct ownership of transformative partnerships that are fundamental to Remote’s overarching business success. As a key driver of the Remote Embedded product, you will co-develop its long-term strategy and vision while maintaining the autonomy to steer product and service development with high velocity. The position provides significant visibility both internally and externally, requiring seamless collaboration across all functional areas and the ability to engage effectively with senior stakeholders to meet evolving partner needs.</p>
<h2>What you bring</h2>
<ul>
<li>Experience in project management / implementations / professional services in the HRtech, fintech or software/technology industry</li>
<li>A proven track record in managing long-term relationships with partners / customers</li>
<li>Exceptional organizational skills, with a proven ability to juggle and complete multiple tasks and projects simultaneously in a fast-paced environment</li>
<li>The capacity to work collaboratively with cross-functional teams, fostering a productive and cooperative environment</li>
<li>The ability to quickly learn and understand complex issues, analyze root causes and solution options, and synthesize conclusions, and to communicate these effectively to partners and internal teams</li>
<li>Superior verbal, written and presentation skills, as well as the ability to work effectively across internal and external organizations</li>
<li>Experience in B2B SaaS technology partnerships preferred</li>
<li>Demonstrates strong automation and AI capabilities.</li>
<li>Writes and speaks fluent English.</li>
<li>It's not required to have experience working remotely, but considered a plus.</li>
</ul>
<h2>Key Responsibilities</h2>
<ul>
<li>Directly support the General Manager in building and growing Remote Embedded product, ensuring alignment with strategic objectives</li>
<li>Develop and project manage Remote Embedded partners’ implementation timeline, and operational work streams (in close collaboration with the Partners’ teams)</li>
<li>Lead the planning, tracking and completion of all project tasks throughout the partner onboarding and implementation process — including but not limited to:
<ul>
<li>Develop and oversee the project schedule and lead regular meetings with operational leads to build workflows not supported by integration</li>
<li>Document, coordinate and monitor progress of partner, including ensuring all requirements are met</li>
<li>Coordinate internal resources as required across various departments including Product, Legal, Finance, Sales, Partnerships, Growth, Customer Experience and Operations, to drive Embedded partner success</li>
<li>Work closely with the Product, Operations, and other teams to understand and communicate the timing of deliverables necessary to keep partners unblocked and drive project to release on time with high quality</li>
<li>Help partner sales, support, and customer success teams understand product features and benefits</li>
<li>Communicate project plan, deployment progress, execution, and delivery using relevant reporting tools and dashboards; create visibility on status of all open issues, action items, dependencies, and timelines for deliverables</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Own the day-to-day relationship with the partner during the implementation phase, ensuring questions are directed to and addressed by the appropriate internal teams efficiently</li>
<li>Identify and understand project risks, coordinate with respective teams as applicable to mitigate and resolve</li>
<li>Develop and execute strategies to continuously improve partner and customer satisfaction, meet revenue targets, and scale team operations (in collaboration with Product, Engineering, Partnerships, Customer Experience and Operations)</li>
<li>Contribute to the development of integration best practices, training materials and Remote’s internal and external collateral
<ul>
<li>Work with GM, Partnerships, and Product Marketing to package implementation best practices and integrate these in partner value prop for future partners</li>
<li>Develop clear and accurate implementation guide covering technical, GTM, and operational implementation (in collaboration with Partner Solution Architect)</li>
<li>Develop and maintain a comprehensive documentation system that organizes partner interactions, including FAQs, workflows, dependencies, and blockers</li>
<li>Work with other teams to populate the partner knowledge base and partner portal</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<h2>Practicals</h2>
<ul>
<li><strong>You'll report to: General Manager, Remote Embedded</strong></li>
<li><strong>Team:</strong> Tech Partnerships</li>
<li><strong>Location</strong>: For this position we welcome everyone to apply, but we will prioritise applications from the following locations as we encourage our teams to diversify; EMEA and East Coast AMER</li>
<li><strong>Start date:</strong> As soon as possible</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Application process</strong></h2>
<ol>
<li>Interview with recruiter</li>
<li>Interview with future manager</li>
<li>Interview with team members</li>
<li><a href="https://www.notion.so/145cb4dadab4805386fbed0892ae0f53?pvs=21">Bar Raiser</a></li>
<li><a href="https://www.notion.so/96e108c037b8423cbd4c3f07a1f9b38b?pvs=21">Prior employment verification check</a></li>
</ol><div class="content-pay-transparency"><div class="pay-input"><div class="description"><p>Remote's <a href="https://www.notion.so/remotecom/people-Total-Rewards-1945bce8d3924ece9421ba8630f57b0c">Total Rewards philosophy</a> is to ensure fair, unbiased compensation and fair <span class="link-annotation-unknown-block-id-1691622878">equity</span><span class="discussion-level-1 discussion-id-f2a82bc4-09e4-4a71-ad93-755b1d26a690 notion-enable-hover" data-token-index="3"> pay </span>along with competitive benefits in all locations in which we operate. We do not agree to or encourage cheap-labor practices and therefore we ensure to pay above in-location rates. We hope to inspire other companies to support global talent-hiring and bring local wealth to developing countries.</p>
<p>At first glance our salary bands seem quite wide - here is some context. At Remote we have international operations and a globally distributed workforce.&nbsp; We use geo ranges to consider geographic pay differentials as part of our global compensation strategy to remain competitive in various markets while we hiring globally.<br><br>Our salary ranges are determined by role, level and location, and our job titles may span more than one career level. The actual base pay for the successful candidate in this role is dependent upon many factors such as location, transferable or job-related skills, work experience, relevant training, business needs, and market demands. The base salary range may be subject to change.<br><br><em data-stringify-type="italic">At Remote, we foster internal mobility as a key element of our culture of employee growth and development, supported by a compensation philosophy that guarantees pay equity and fairness. Therefore, all compensation changes associated with an internal move will be reviewed by the Total Rewards &amp; People Enablement team on a case by case basis.</em></p></div><div class="title">The annual salary range for this full-time position is</div><div class="pay-range"><span>$54,400</span><span class="divider">&mdash;</span><span>$153,000 USD</span></div></div></div><div class="content-conclusion"><h2><strong>Benefits</strong></h2>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section">
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">Our full benefits &amp; perks are explained in our handbook at&nbsp;<a class="c-link" href="http://remote.com/r/benefits" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="http://remote.com/r/benefits" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">remote.com/r/benefits</a>. As a global company, each country works differently, but some benefits/perks are for all Remoters:</span></div>
<ul class="p-rich\_text\_list p-rich\_text\_list\_\_bullet" data-stringify-type="unordered-list" data-indent="0" data-border="0">
<li style="font-size: 12pt;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">work from anywhere</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">flexible paid time off</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">flexible working hours (we are&nbsp;<a class="c-link" href="https://remote.com/async" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://www.notion.so/remotecom/Working-Async-at-Remote-80c01cd443ad4c77a8ceaef7c5fba5d0" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">async</a>)</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">16 weeks paid parental leave</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">mental health support services</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">stock options</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">learning budget</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">home office budget &amp; IT equipment</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">budget for local in-person social events or co-working spaces</span></li>
</ul>
</div>
<h2><strong>How you’ll plan your day (and life)</strong></h2>
<p><span style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">We work async at Remote which means you can plan your schedule around your life (and not around meetings). Read more at <a href="https://remote.com/async" target="\_blank">remote.com/async</a>.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">You will be empowered to take ownership and be proactive. When in doubt you will default to action instead of waiting. Your <strong>life-work balance</strong> is important and you will be encouraged to put yourself and your family first, and fit work around your needs.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">If that sounds like something you want, apply now!</span></p>
<h2><strong>How to apply</strong></h2>
<ol>
<li style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;"><span style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">Please fill out the form below and upload your CV with a PDF format.</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;"><span style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;"><strong data-stringify-type="bold">We kindly ask you to submit your application and CV in English, as this is the standardised language we use here at Remote.</strong></span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif; text-align: left;"><span style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">If you don’t have an up to date CV but you are still interested in talking to us, please feel free to add a copy of your LinkedIn profile instead.</span></li>
</ol>
<p><span style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">Not only do we encourage folks from all ethnic groups, genders, sexuality, age, abilities, disability status and any other under-represented group to apply, but we prioritize a sense of belonging. We have 4 ERGs (Women, Disability, Queer, Minorities in Tech) who meet regularly with the People team. During your interviews and beyond, we ask &amp; encourage anybody who needs an accommodation to request one from their recruiter.<br></span></p>
<p><span style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">We will ask you to voluntarily tell us your pronouns at interview stage, and you will have the option to answer our anonymous demographic questionnaire when you apply below. As an equal employment opportunity employer it’s important to us that our workforce reflects people of all backgrounds, identities, and experiences and this data will help us to stay accountable. We thank you for providing this data, if you chose to.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">At Remote, we embrace AI as a valuable tool while prioritizing human creativity and authenticity.&nbsp;We look forward to meeting candidates who balance innovation with genuine expertise and experience.&nbsp;To learn more about Remote's AI guidelines check see&nbsp;<a href="https://www.notion.so/remotecom/Guidelines-on-using-AI-when-applying-for-a-job-at-Remote-11ccb4dadab4805f80a7c73b6567bd8f" target="\_blank" data-saferedirecturl="https://www.google.com/url?q=https://www.notion.so/remotecom/Guidelines-on-using-AI-when-applying-for-a-job-at-Remote-11ccb4dadab4805f80a7c73b6567bd8f&amp;source=gmail&amp;ust=1733927526443000&amp;usg=AOvVaw2sIVooKuyGfRra1PtGXreV">here</a>.&nbsp;</span><br><br><span style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;"><em>Please note we accept applications on an ongoing basis.&nbsp;</em></span></p></div>