<div class="content-intro"><p class="sc-gEkIjz cjtSrT MuiTypography-root MuiTypography-body1 sc-hoLEA">Raisin is the world's leading platform for savings and investment products. Founded in 2012, the&nbsp;<strong>FinTech</strong> connects consumers with banks in the EU, the UK and the US. This gives consumers <strong>better interest rates</strong> and banks a <strong>diversified form of refinancing</strong>. Our vision is to offer savings and investments without barriers and thus open up the global 160 trillion euro market.</p>
<p class="sc-gEkIjz cjtSrT MuiTypography-root MuiTypography-body1 sc-hoLEA">Raisin currently employs more than 800 people from over 75 countries worldwide. Today, the platform holds over 80 billion euros in assets from&nbsp;<strong>more than one million investors</strong> which have accrued over 5 billion euros in returns.</p></div><p><span style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0);"><strong>Team</strong></span></p>
<p>The Marketing Team is taking care of customer acquisition and customer retention for Raisin’s international savings and investments platforms. It is focussing on understanding the journey of (potential) customers and on communicating the value of Raisin's services across different marketing channels.</p>
<p>The Director Brand Marketing is responsible for building out the Brand Marketing discipline at Raisin. It is a great opportunity for somebody who is eager to shape the perception of Raisin’s B2C platforms in multiple countries. This is a new role and while we already started to invest significantly into brand building there is a lot more we want to achieve in this area.</p>
<p>This role is fundamental to help scaling our business in an effective and efficient manner, driving engagement of prospects and existing customers. It will be reporting directly to the CMO.</p>
<p><br><strong>Your Responsibilities</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Own and evolve the global brand marketing strategy to build out a consistent positioning of the Raisin brand and to help fulfill ambitious growth targets.</li>
<li>Drive the creative process of developing strong campaign ideas, driving customer acquisition and customer engagement. Lead campaigns, from creative development to execution and measurement across geographies.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Lead media planning and buying, building a systematic approach to define the right media mix while using negotiation tactics to deliver best possible ROI on media investments.</li>
<li>Bring our brand framework to life across all channels—paid, owned and earned, aligning with our design team.</li>
<li>Drive insights-based decision-making by partnering with Performance Marketing, Design, Product, Content and Communications.</li>
<li>Build and mentor a high-performing team, fostering creativity, collaboration, and professional growth.</li>
<li>Oversee agency partnerships (creative and media) and ensure high-quality deliverables.</li>
<li>Monitor brand performance KPIs and translate insights into actionable improvements.</li>
<li>Champion the brand internally, inspiring teams across the company to live our brand values.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Your Profile</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>10+ years of experience in brand marketing, brand strategy, or integrated marketing, ideally in a fast-growing consumer-facing environment with international scale.</li>
<li>Demonstrated success in developing large-scale brand campaigns and in systematically evolving a brand.</li>
<li>Strong leadership experience with proven ability to develop and inspire creative and strategic teams.</li>
<li>Deep analytical understanding of audience insights, creative strategy, and media planning.</li>
<li>Strong negotiation skills and experience in media buying and in negotiating and closing marketing co-operations.</li>
<li>Ability to balance creative vision with analytical rigor.</li>
<li>Excellent communication, storytelling, and stakeholder management skills.</li>
<li>Experience working with agencies and internal stakeholders</li>
<li>A passion for building brands that customers love.<strong><br></strong></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Join our mission, join our team – and grow with us!</strong></p>
<p>At Raisin, we care about each other and it is one of our top priorities to foster an open and caring environment in which everyone feels welcome and comfortable. Our culture is strongly driven by our ambitious team, which connects more than 75 different nationalities.</p>
<p>As part of our team, you will benefit from:</p>
<ul>
<li>Employee Development Budget of €2,000 and four full training days per year.</li>
<li>Flexible working hours, home office and 30 vacation days.</li>
<li>A company pension scheme (Betriebliche Altersvorsorge), which we support with 20%.</li>
<li>Enjoy more than 50+ different sports with Urban Sports Club: We subsidize your membership with more than €20 per month.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Do you miss being in the office? The Deutschland Ticket gets you there, which we subsidize with €25 per month.</li>
<li>Love cycling? With JobRad, lease the bike of your choice and enjoy tax savings, plus Raisin covers your monthly insurance costs.</li>
<li>Hungry all the time? Snacks, daily fresh fruit as well as drinks provided at the office.</li>
<li>You are moving from another country or city to join us? We may support your relocation.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><a href="https://www.raisin.com/corporate/raisin-applicant-privacy-policy/"><em>Raisin Applicant Privacy Policy</em></a></p>
<p data-start="728" data-end="900">We value diversity and the unique experiences each individual brings. If you’re excited about this role but don’t meet every requirement, we still encourage you to apply.</p>
<p data-start="907" data-end="1013">We are an equal opportunity employer and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for everyone, regardless of race, colour, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, or gender identity.</p></div>