<p>We are looking for innovative, experienced sales individuals with extraordinary energy, passion, and initiative to drive partner awareness and channel new business for the fastest growing database in the world, MongoDB.</p>
<p>The Manager of Cloud Partners role owns all the sales and channels related to our MongoDB as a Service partnerships in the region. These partnerships exist today with Alibaba cloud, Tencent cloud and AWS China and may expand to other partners.</p>
<p>This individual will be accountable for developing a strategy to generate an incremental sales pipeline with the cloud partners, increasing their efficiency via sales and technical enablement, joint marketing, post-sales support, and demonstrating to them how to sell the value of MongoDB.</p>
<p>We are looking to speak to candidates who are based in Shanghai , Beijing and Shenzhen for our hybrid working model.</p>
<h3>Responsibilities</h3>
<ul>
<li>Run Cloud Partner relationships in the China Area with a direct reporting line to the Regional Director of Mainland China</li>
<li>Build and execute go to market programs (co-selling and co-marketing) with Cloud Partners</li>
<li>Drive enablement and field alignment activities to deliver incremental MongoDB revenue with Cloud Partners</li>
<li>Own New ACV quota &amp; pipeline creation goal for Cloud Partner’s MongoDB as a Service business in the region</li>
<li>Proactively helping prospect, identify, qualify, and develop a sales pipeline with the Cloud Partner’s regional sales teams</li>
<li>Provide both business and technical expertise to the Cloud Partners to help them sell the value of MongoDB</li>
<li>Interlock with MongoDB’s Global Partner team, Pre-sales, Post-sales, and Marketing support</li>
<li>Participate in our sales enablement training, including our comprehensive Sales Bootcamp, sophisticated sales training, and leadership and development programs</li>
</ul>
<h3>Requirements</h3>
<ul>
<li>BA/BS required</li>
<li>5+ years field experience of quota-carrying experience in a fast-paced and competitive market with a focus on new business</li>
<li>Technically knowledgeable in the enterprise software and cloud computing space</li>
<li>At least 5 years generating pipeline and selling in the Cloud/Database/IaaS space working with companies like Alibaba, Tencent, AWS, &amp; Baidu</li>
<li>Proven ability to articulate the business value of complex enterprise technology</li>
<li>A track record of overachievement and hitting sales targets</li>
<li>Skilled in building business champions and running a complex sales process</li>
<li>Previous Sales Methodology training (e.g. MEDDIC, SPIN, Challenger Sales)</li>
<li>Familiarity with databases, DevOps, and open source technology a plus</li>
<li>Skilled in managing time and resources; sound approach to qualifying opportunities</li>
<li>Possess aptitude to learn quickly and establish credibility. High EQ and self-aware</li>
<li>Must live in territory China (BJ, SH, and SZ)</li>
<li>English and Chinese speaking</li>
<li>Passionate about growing your career in the largest market in software (database) and developing and maintaining an in-depth understanding of MongoDB products</li>
</ul>
<h3>Our Benefits</h3>
<ul>
<li>Competitive salary and equity</li>
<li>Comprehensive Health cover, dental cover, travel insurance &amp; Life Insurance</li>
<li>20 weeks of Paternity and 26 weeks of Maternity leave to spend time with new arrivals</li>
<li>MongoDB provides employees and their families 24-hour access to an Employee Assistance program</li>
</ul>
<h3>Our Core Value</h3>
<ul>
<li>Think Big, Go Far: We are big dreamers with a passion for creativity. We eagerly pursue new opportunities and markets through innovation and disruption</li>
<li>Make It Matter: We are relentless in our pursuit of a significant impact. We think strategically and are clear on what we are and are not trying to do</li>
<li>Build Together: We achieve outstanding things by connecting and demonstrating the diversity of skills, experiences, and backgrounds of our entire organization</li>
<li>Embrace the Power of Differences: We commit to crafting a culture of inclusion by seeking and valuing employees from different backgrounds and circumstances. This is cultivated by learning from and respecting each other’s differences</li>
<li>Be Intellectually Honest: We embrace reality. We apply high-quality thinking and rigor. We have courage in our convictions but work hard to ensure biases or personal beliefs do not get in the way of finding the best solution</li>
<li>Own What You Do: We take ownership and are accountable for everything that we do. We empower and are empowered to make things happen, and balance independence with interdependence</li>
</ul>
<h3>About MongoDB</h3>
<p>MongoDB is built for change, empowering our customers and our people to innovate at the speed of the market. We have redefined the database for the AI era, enabling innovators to create, transform, and disrupt industries with software. MongoDB’s unified database platform—the most widely available, globally distributed database on the market—helps organizations modernize legacy workloads, embrace innovation, and unleash AI. Our cloud-native platform, MongoDB Atlas, is the only globally distributed, multi-cloud database and is available across AWS, Google Cloud, and Microsoft Azure.</p>
<p>With offices worldwide and nearly 60,000 customers—including 75% of the Fortune 100 and AI-native startups—relying on MongoDB for their most important applications, we’re powering the next era of software.</p>
<p>Our compass at MongoDB is our <a href="https://www.mongodb.com/company">Leadership Commitment,</a> guiding how and why we make decisions, show up for each other, and win. It’s what makes us MongoDB.</p>
<p>To drive the personal growth and business impact of our employees, we’re committed to developing a supportive and enriching culture for everyone. <a href="https://www.mongodb.com/company/blog/culture/employee-benefits-that-make-a-difference-at-mongodb">From employee affinity groups, to fertility assistance and a generous parental leave policy</a>, we value our employees’ wellbeing and want to support them along every step of their professional and personal journeys.<a href="https://www.mongodb.com/blog/channel/culture"> Learn more about what it’s like to work at MongoDB</a>, and help us make an impact on the world!</p>
<p>MongoDB is committed to providing any necessary accommodations for individuals with disabilities within our application and interview process. To request an accommodation due to a disability, please inform your recruiter.</p>
<p>MongoDB is an equal opportunities employer.</p>
<p>REQ ID 425322</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>