<div class="content-intro"><p><em>At Klaviyo, we value the unique backgrounds, experiences and perspectives each Klaviyo (we call ourselves Klaviyos) brings to our workplace each and every day. We believe everyone deserves a fair shot at success and appreciate the experiences each person brings beyond the traditional job requirements. If you’re a close but not exact match with the description, we hope you’ll still consider applying. Want to learn more about life at Klaviyo? Visit <a class="\_ymio1r31 \_ypr0glyw \_zcxs1o36 \_mizu194a \_1ah3dkaa \_ra3xnqa1 \_128mdkaa \_1cvmnqa1 \_4davt94y \_4bfu18uv \_1hms8stv \_ajmmnqa1 \_vchhusvi \_kqswh2mm \_ect4ttxp \_syaz13af \_1a3b18uv \_4fpr8stv \_5goinqa1 \_f8pj13af \_9oik18uv \_1bnxglyw \_jf4cnqa1 \_30l313af \_1nrm18uv \_c2waglyw \_1iohnqa1 \_9h8h12zz \_10531ra0 \_1ien1ra0 \_n0fx1ra0 \_1vhv17z1" href="http://klaviyo.com/careers" data-renderer-mark="true">klaviyo.com/careers</a>&nbsp;to see how we empower creators to own their own destiny.</em></p></div><p><strong>Business Development Representative (BDR)&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>At Klaviyo, our mission is to <strong>help businesses own their growth</strong>. We empower creators, entrepreneurs, and e-commerce brands to build meaningful relationships with their customers through powerful data, automation, and marketing tools. As a Business Development Representative (BDR), you’ll be a key part of bringing that mission to life—introducing eCommerce brands to the Klaviyo platform, setting the foundation for long-term success.</p>
<p><strong>BDRs</strong> take a proactive approach—researching and reaching out to brands who haven’t yet engaged with us. You’ll build a pipeline through cold outreach, strategic prospecting, and compelling messaging. This track requires <strong>grit, creativity, and resilience</strong> to open doors and create new opportunities.</p>
<h3><strong>How You’ll Make an Impact</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Generate qualified opportunities for the sales team(Account Executive’s) through a rigorous qualification approach</li>
<li>Build prospective relationships with e-commerce brands and help them understand how Klaviyo can drive their growth.</li>
<li>Learn to effectively identify buyer needs, position Klaviyo’s value, and route leads appropriately to Account Executives.</li>
<li>Stay organized, focused, and consistent in your outreach across multiple channels—calls, emails, and social.</li>
<li>Demonstrate <strong>grit and resilience</strong> by staying positive and motivated, even in the face of rejection.<br>Reflect Klaviyo’s core values of <strong>accountability, effort, and winning as one</strong> in every interaction.<br>Share insights, contribute to a supportive team culture, and help improve our processes as we scale.</li>
<li>Transform workflows by putting AI at the center, building smarter systems and ways of working from the ground up.</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>Who You Are:</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Driven by a strong desire to launch a career in tech sales, with ambitions to grow into roles like Account Executive.</li>
<li>Possess <strong>grit, resilience, and curiosity</strong>—you bounce back quickly and always want to learn more.<br>Thrive in fast-paced, dynamic environments with high standards and clear goals.</li>
<li>A strong communicator who’s confident over the phone, clear in writing, and thoughtful in your approach.</li>
<li>Self-motivated, coachable, and energized by being part of a high-performing team.</li>
<li>Fluency in English and <strong>Japanese&nbsp;</strong>is required due to client requirements.&nbsp;</li>
<li>You’ve already experimented with AI in work or personal projects, and you’re excited to dive in and learn fast. You’re hungry to responsibly explore new AI tools and workflows, finding ways to make your work smarter and more efficient</li>
<li>Have valid authorization to work in Singapore&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<h3><strong>Klaviyo in Singapore</strong></h3>
<p>We are starting small but have big plans for Klaviyo in Singapore. We began expanding into Singapore in 2025, building on the strong foundation established by our APAC presence. As we grow, we are focused on developing our go-to-market teams. As the team grows, we will continue to expand Klaviyo’s customer base in the region while building a fantastic working culture that reflects Klaviyo’s global values, alongside a strong local identity within our Singapore-based team. This is a unique opportunity to join us at an early stage and help shape the future of Klaviyo in Singapore.</p>
<p>One of our values as a company is <em>Always Learning</em>, and that mindset is strongly felt in Singapore. People are eager to grow and develop, and Klaviyo provides a great platform to support that journey. As we are still relatively early in our expansion in Singapore, there is significant headroom to grow and develop within your role—we are looking for the leaders of the future.</p>
<p>We use Covey as part of our hiring and / or promotional process. For jobs or candidates in NYC, certain features may qualify it as an AEDT. As part of the evaluation process we provide Covey with job requirements and candidate submitted applications. We began using<a href="https://getcovey.com/product/covey-scout-inbound"> Covey Scout for Inbound</a> on April 3, 2025.</p>
<p>Please see the independent bias audit report covering our use of Covey<a href="https://getcovey.com/nyc-local-law-144"> here</a></p>
<p>#LI-Hybrid</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><em>This role may require up to 10% travel for purposes such as new hire onboarding, client or partner work if applicable, team meetings, and industry events. Travel is coordinated in advance.</em></p>
<p><strong>Get to Know Klaviyo</strong></p>
<p>We’re Klaviyo (pronounced clay-vee-oh). We empower creators to own their destiny by making first-party data accessible and actionable like never before. We see limitless potential for the technology we’re developing to nurture personalized experiences in ecommerce and beyond. To reach our goals, we need our own crew of remarkable creators—ambitious and collaborative teammates who stay focused on our north star: delighting our customers. If you’re ready to do the best work of your career, where you’ll be welcomed as your whole self from day one and supported with generous benefits, we hope you’ll join us.</p>
<p><em>AI fluency at Klaviyo includes responsible use of AI (including privacy, security, bias awareness, and human-in-the-loop). We provide accommodations as needed.&nbsp;</em></p>
<p><em>By participating in Klaviyo’s interview process, you acknowledge that you have read, understood, and will adhere to our&nbsp;<a href="https://www.klaviyo.com/careers/ai-guidance" target="\_blank" data-saferedirecturl="https://www.google.com/url?q=https://www.klaviyo.com/careers/ai-guidance&amp;source=gmail&amp;ust=1761072778777000&amp;usg=AOvVaw0auUcRqeYRczM9UoXAKldj">Guidelines for using AI in the Klaviyo interview Process</a>. For more information about how we process your personal data, see our&nbsp;<a href="https://www.klaviyo.com/legal/job-applicant-privacy-notice" target="\_blank" data-saferedirecturl="https://www.google.com/url?q=https://www.klaviyo.com/legal/job-applicant-privacy-notice&amp;source=gmail&amp;ust=1761072778777000&amp;usg=AOvVaw1axMoReIM1qwTbmaPcLI\_b">Job Applicant Privacy Notice</a>.<br></em></p>
<p><em>Klaviyo is committed to a policy of equal opportunity and non-discrimination. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, ethnicity, citizenship, national origin, color, religion or religious creed, age, sex (including pregnancy), gender identity, sexual orientation, physical or mental disability, veteran or active military status, marital status, criminal record, genetics, retaliation, sexual harassment or any other characteristic protected by applicable law.</em></p>
<div id="1737752197.414839" class="c-virtual\_list\_\_item" data-qa="virtual-list-item" data-item-key="1737752197.414839">
<div class="c-message\_kit\_\_background p-message\_pane\_message\_\_message c-message\_kit\_\_message" data-qa="message\_container" data-qa-unprocessed="false" data-qa-placeholder="false">
<div class="c-message\_kit\_\_hover" data-qa-hover="true">
<div class="c-message\_kit\_\_actions c-message\_kit\_\_actions--default">
<div class="c-message\_kit\_\_gutter">
<div class="c-message\_kit\_\_gutter\_\_right" data-qa="message\_content">
<div class="c-message\_kit\_\_blocks c-message\_kit\_\_blocks--rich\_text">
<div class="c-message\_\_message\_blocks c-message\_\_message\_blocks--rich\_text" data-qa="message-text">
<div class="p-block\_kit\_renderer" data-qa="block-kit-renderer">
<div class="p-block\_kit\_renderer\_\_block\_wrapper p-block\_kit\_renderer\_\_block\_wrapper--first">
<div class="p-rich\_text\_block">
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section"><em data-stringify-type="italic">IMPORTANT NOTICE: Our company takes the security and privacy of job applicants very seriously. We will never ask for payment, bank details, or personal financial information as part of the application process. All our legitimate job postings can be found on our official career site. Please be cautious of job offers that come from non-company email addresses (@klaviyo.com), instant messaging platforms, or unsolicited calls.</em></div>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section">&nbsp;</div>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section"><strong data-stringify-type="bold">By clicking "Submit Application" you consent to Klaviyo processing your Personal Data in accordance with our Job Applicant Privacy Notice.&nbsp; If you do not wish for Klaviyo to process your Personal Data, please do not submit an application.<em data-stringify-type="italic">&nbsp; </em></strong><em data-stringify-type="italic">You can find our Job Applicant Privacy Notice&nbsp;</em><em data-stringify-type="italic"><a class="c-link" href="https://www.klaviyo.com/legal/job-applicant-privacy-notice" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://www.klaviyo.com/legal/job-applicant-privacy-notice" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">here</a></em><em data-stringify-type="italic">&nbsp;and <a href="https://www.klaviyo.com/fr/legal/job-applicant-privacy-notice">here</a> (FR).</em></div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div id="1737477146.268809" class="c-virtual\_list\_\_item" data-qa="virtual-list-item" data-item-key="1737477146.268809">
<div class="c-message\_kit\_\_background p-message\_pane\_message\_\_message c-message\_kit\_\_message" data-qa="message\_container" data-qa-unprocessed="false" data-qa-placeholder="false">
<div class="c-message\_kit\_\_hover" data-qa-hover="true">
<div class="c-message\_kit\_\_actions c-message\_kit\_\_actions--above">
<div class="c-message\_kit\_\_gutter">
<div class="c-message\_kit\_\_gutter\_\_left">&nbsp;</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div></div>