Pioneer of online flash sales since 2001 and key player in European e-commerce, Veepee collaborates with over 7,000 brands to offer highly discounted products available for a limited time. Operating across various sectors, including fashion, home, wine, travel or beauty... Veepee achieved a turnover of 3.3 billion euros incl. VAT in 2024 and employs 5,000 staff members across 10 countries.

📄 **JOB DESCRIPTION**

You will evolve within the warehouses in order to carry out process improvements

## 🎯 TASKS

- Identifying opportunities for process improvement, waste removal, and cost reduction.
- Identify areas with other functional leaders, employees and customers to develop significant lean opportunities for improvement throughout the organization.
- Analyzing company processes and procedures.
- Develop training materials for Lean processes and principles, as well as other training materials as necessary.
- Training, mentoring, and guiding team members in new processes.
- Planning, facilitating, and executing continuous improvement events using Lean Six Sigma tools.
- Working to continuously improve processes both on the production floor as well as transactional by collaborating with multiple functions such as logistics.
- Clearly defining program objectives and scope.
- Evaluating and prioritizing potential improvements based on gains and required effort.
- Establishing a clear and well-articulated implementation plan.
- Identifying intervention priorities and indicators.
- Conducting detailed analysis of the current situation that accurately describes the issues.
- Accurately analyzing options including impact and feasibility.
- Regularly monitoring the implementation of solutions to achieve objectives and expected benefits.

## 👉 MUST HAVE skills

- A bachelor's degree in business administration, process management, or operations is a plus.
- Quality improvement methodologies such as Lean and Six Sigma.
- **Spanish** mandatory
- English is a plus
- Ability to communicate with all levels within the organization.
- Strong knowledge of process improvement and operational optimization
- Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills
- Ability to lead change and influence cross-functional teams
- Experience in data-driven decision-making and performance tracking (KPIs)

## ✅ BENEFITS

- Be part of a dynamic and international team!
- Flexible schedule
- Team buildings & afterworks

⚙️**RECRUITMENT PROCESS**

1️⃣ HR Video interview.

2️⃣ Hiring Manager interview

3️⃣ International Manager interview

All our positions are open to people with health conditions or impairments.

We are convinced that it is up to you to define the way you work, to develop yourself and to progress. At Veepee we guarantee that you can just be yourself! For the service of diversity and inclusion, Veepee is committed to reviewing all applications received on an equal basis.

🔗**COMPANY**

For more information about our ecosystem :  <https://careers.veepee.com/en/home-page-en/>

Our 6000 employees have chosen a job at Veepee to spice up their daily lives! Our teams implement new technologies to fuel our strategies, offering our customers the best possible experience.

**Are you eager to learn?** Veepee offers you a variety of trades to develop your career, enabling you to renew your skills constantly. Tech, logistics, sales, marketing, sales production: join us on an exciting, digital-centered journey.

The Veepee Group processes your data collected as part of the management of your recruitment in order to manage your application file for the position for which you have applied. To find out more about our [personal data protection policy](https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vSo1RtdSKVW0sLLtdwWOSoM3PzGXfqS030q1JrdJXDuOJXfhVwx_YLrrQYJcLQUpA/pub), we invite you to consult it on our career site.

El grupo Veepee procesa sus datos recopilados como parte de la gestión de su reclutamiento para gestionar su expediente de solicitud para el puesto al que ha postulado. Para obtener más información sobre nuestra política de protección de datos personales, le invitamos a consultarla en nuestro sitio de carreras.