<h2><strong>The role: What's in the Box</strong></h2>
<p data-path-to-node="3,0">We are looking for a <strong data-path-to-node="3,0" data-index-in-node="36">Site QA/QC Specialist</strong> to join our dynamic, fast-growing team in <strong data-path-to-node="3,0" data-index-in-node="100">Bleiswijk</strong>. As a key member of the Food Safety &amp; Quality Assurance (FSQA) department, you will drive the initiatives that define the quality of every HelloFresh box.</p>
<p data-path-to-node="3,1">You will be on the front lines of our fulfillment center, optimizing daily processes and partnering closely with operational teams to ensure a gold standard of quality for our customers. When challenges arise or unannounced audits occur, you are the expert who steps forward to ensure compliance and maintain our high operational momentum.</p>
<h2><strong>What you’ll do: The Recipe</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li><strong>Quality Management Ownership:</strong> Act as the primary driver of the Quality Management System (QMS), ensuring the site remains compliant with all internal standards and external regulations.</li>
<li><strong>Process Optimization:</strong> Design, implement, and refine internal quality processes to bridge the gap between high-speed operations and flawless food safety.</li>
<li><strong>Operational Partnership: </strong>Work side-by-side with production and logistics teams to embed a "quality-first" mindset and optimize daily fulfillment workflows.</li>
<li><strong>Audit Leadership: </strong>Take a leading role in conducting internal audits and GMP rounds, while serving as the key point of contact for supervising external and unannounced audits.</li>
<li><strong>Continuous Improvement Projects:</strong> Collaborate with the wider Site Quality team to spearhead strategic projects that drive the evolution of the HelloFresh box.</li>
<li><strong>Quality Feedback Loop:</strong> Manage the investigation and follow-up for supplier non-conformities and consumer complaints, turning feedback into actionable site improvements.</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>What you’ll bring: The Ingredients</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li style="text-align: justify;">2-5 years work experience in a quality function within the food industry.</li>
<li style="text-align: justify;">You are accurate and goal oriented.</li>
<li style="text-align: justify;">You are able to present in a fast-paced and continuously changing work environment.</li>
<li style="text-align: justify;">You enjoy working with other teams.</li>
<li style="text-align: justify;">You have experience with quality systems such as IFS, BRC or FSSC22000.</li>
<li style="text-align: justify;">You are fluent in English and Dutch (must).</li>
</ul>
<p>Above all, we are looking for people who will make HelloFresh better. There are many different ways of developing skills, and we love diverse experiences! So even if you don’t “tick all the boxes” but think you’d thrive in this role, we would really like to learn more about you.</p>
<p>Are you the missing ingredient? If this sounds like a tasty opportunity, we’d be excited to hear from you. We aim to review your profile and respond within 5 business days.</p>
<h2><strong>What we offer: The Toppings</strong></h2>
<p><em>Compensation &amp; Financial Wellbeing</em></p>
<ul>
<ul>
<li>Enjoy 20% off HelloFresh and 40% off Factor\_ subscriptions.</li>
<li>Access the "Benefits at Work" platform for discounts on brands like Nike, Bol.com, and IKEA.&nbsp;</li>
<li>You'll receive a HelloFresh laptop and, if necessary for your position, a phone.</li>
<li>Build your future with a pension plan through Aegon Cappital (age-based rates, 50/50 split).</li>
</ul>
</ul>
<p><em>Health &amp; Wellbeing</em></p>
<ul>
<ul>
<li>Receive a 7,5% discount on additional health insurance at Zilveren Kruis (2026), plus free access to Headspace and OpenUp.</li>
<li>Get discounts on ClassPass and gym memberships via Bedrijfsfitness Nederland.</li>
</ul>
</ul>
<p><em>Flexibility &amp; Work-Life</em></p>
<ul>
<ul>
<li>Benefit from a flexible hybrid work setup with a €2.40 daily remote work allowance.</li>
<li>Start with 24 days of annual leave (pro-rata), plus one additional day per year of service (up to 30 days total).</li>
<li>Full reimbursement for 2nd-class public transport to the office, and €0.23 per km for car/bicycle travel.</li>
</ul>
</ul>
<p><em>Career &amp; Development</em></p>
<ul>
<ul>
<li>Access internal/external opportunities aligned with our Job Framework, and join our cross-market mentoring program.</li>
<li>A dedicated annual budget to help you keep learning, developing new skills, and growing your career.</li>
</ul>
</ul>
<p><em>Culture &amp; Environment</em></p>
<ul>
<ul>
<li>Enjoy fresh homemade lunches in the office (€20/month), weekly vrij-mi-bo (Friday drinks), quarterly strategy sessions, and team events.</li>
</ul>
</ul>
<h2 style="text-align: justify;"><strong>About HelloFresh</strong></h2>
<p style="text-align: justify;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">HelloFresh is on a mission to change the way people eat, forever!</span></p>
<p style="text-align: justify;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Since our 2011 founding in Europe’s vibrant tech hub, Berlin, we’ve become the world's leading meal kit provider, delivering to over 4.2 million households worldwide in 15 countries across 3 continents.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p style="text-align: justify;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Our more than 15,000 employees from over 70+ nationalities are the heart and soul of our diverse, fast-paced and dynamic environment where innovation and smart, fast action is encouraged.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p style="text-align: justify;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">We will encourage you to make an immediate impact in your area of work as well as empower you to grow your career with us.</span></p>
<h2><strong>Are you up for the challenge?</strong></h2>
<p style="text-align: justify;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Please submit your complete application below including your salary expectations and earliest starting date.</span></p>
<p style="text-align: justify;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">After submitting an application our team will review this and get back to you within 5 business days.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p style="text-align: justify;">&nbsp;</p>