<div class="content-intro"><p><span class="TextRun SCXW43607789 BCX0" lang="EN-US" data-contrast="auto"><span class="NormalTextRun SpellingErrorV2Themed SCXW43607789 BCX0">Sourceability</span><span class="NormalTextRun SCXW43607789 BCX0">® is a global digital distributor of electronic components transforming how modern businesses bring products to market. With </span><span class="NormalTextRun SCXW43607789 BCX0">innovation, </span><span class="NormalTextRun SCXW43607789 BCX0">quality</span><span class="NormalTextRun SCXW43607789 BCX0"> and</span> <span class="NormalTextRun SCXW43607789 BCX0">logistics</span><span class="NormalTextRun SCXW43607789 BCX0"> as the backbone of the company, </span><span class="NormalTextRun SpellingErrorV2Themed SCXW43607789 BCX0">Sourceability’s</span> <span class="NormalTextRun SCXW43607789 BCX0">cutting-edge</span><span class="NormalTextRun SCXW43607789 BCX0"> products and services </span><span class="NormalTextRun SCXW43607789 BCX0">expedite</span><span class="NormalTextRun SCXW43607789 BCX0"> the procurement process across a wide range of industries, including communications/cellular, consumer electronics, and auto manufacturing.</span></span><span class="EOP SCXW43607789 BCX0" data-ccp-props="{&quot;201341983&quot;:0,&quot;335559739&quot;:160,&quot;335559740&quot;:259}">&nbsp;</span></p></div><p><strong>Key Duties and Responsibilities:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Manage Sales Escalations.</li>
<li>Ensure that buyers work opportunities through the system only.</li>
<li>Ensure that buyers upload all vendor quotes into the system accurately.</li>
<li>Ensure that buyers conform to the Service Level Agreement (SLA) to respond back to opportunities assigned within 24-48 hours.</li>
<li>Review PPV opportunities with Market Intelligence / Business Analyst (MI / BA) Team before MI / BA team assign opportunity to buyer.</li>
<li>Ensure that buyers’ workload is manageable and evenly distributed, if required, adjust accordingly.</li>
<li>SO/PO management process
<ul>
<li>Ensure that we have the best global pricing.
<ul>
<li>Asset Management Group (AMG), Channel Partners.</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Ensure that freight and tariff charges are put into consideration.</li>
<li>Ensure that supplier selected meets vendor rating requirement.</li>
<li>Ensure that all PO are placed promptly (within the same working day).
<ul>
<li>If not possible, ensure that reason / comment is updated in system and communicated to Sales.</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Ensure that all SO that cannot be fulfilled will be followed up promptly with Sales and provide possible options to recover or close the SO.</li>
<li>Ensure that buyers open PO delivery status is updated timely, and parts are delivered as scheduled.</li>
<li>Ensure that all RTVs request are promptly completed and closed.</li>
<li>Work closely with Supplier Development Group (SDG) to ensure that the identified Channel Partners are utilized by all buyers.</li>
<li>Work closely with SDG on any suspect counterfeit cases or feedback from buyers towards Suppliers.</li>
<li>Work closely with AMG during the SO/PO management process.</li>
<li>Ensure that all buyers are actively interacting with their assigned sales rep to strengthen relationship and communication.</li>
<li>Work with People and Culture (P&amp;C) team to maintain general office discipline.
<ul>
<li>Attendance / Punctuality</li>
<li>Professionalism</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Talent Management
<ul>
<li>Actively observe and gauge the “Skill” / “Will” of individual team members.
<ul>
<li>Skill = Hard/soft skill: Communication, sourcing, negotiation, system/software proficiency, etc.</li>
<li>Will = Motivation / Drive / Determination.</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Work closely with fellow Purchasing Manager to help, support and/or back each other up where required.</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Qualifications and Requirements:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><strong>&nbsp;</strong>Diploma/ Bachelor’s degree, engineering, supply chain, or a related field.</li>
<li>5+ years of experience in sourcing, procurement, or supply chain roles&nbsp;(with 3+ years of experience managing a team).</li>
<li><strong>Strong sourcing experience&nbsp;in electronic components (such as integrated circuits, passives) and/or electronic parts (such as memory, CPU)</strong>.</li>
<li>Flexibility to occasionally adjust working hours for global coordination.</li>
<li>Experience preparing reports or market insights to support business decisions.</li>
<li>Proficient with standard office tools and basic analytics platforms.</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong><span data-contrast="auto">EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER.</span></strong><span data-ccp-props="{&quot;201341983&quot;:0,&quot;335559739&quot;:160,&quot;335559740&quot;:259}">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">It is our policy to abide by all federal, state and local laws prohibiting employment discrimination based on a person’s race, color, religious creed, sex, national origin, ancestry, citizenship status, pregnancy, childbirth, physical disability, mental and/or intellectual disability, age, military status, veteran status (including protected veterans), marital status, registered domestic partner or civil union status, familial status, gender (including sex stereotyping and gender identity or expression), medical condition (including, but not limited to, cancer related or HIV/AIDS related), genetic information, sexual orientation, or any other protected status.</span><span data-ccp-props="{&quot;201341983&quot;:0,&quot;335559739&quot;:160,&quot;335559740&quot;:259}">&nbsp;</span></p></div>