<p><strong>This is Adyen</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Adyen provides payments, data, and financial products in a single solution for customers like Meta, Uber, H&amp;M, and Microsoft - making us the financial technology platform of choice. At Adyen, everything we do is engineered for ambition.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">For our teams, we create an environment with opportunities for our people to succeed, backed by the culture and support to ensure they are enabled to truly own their careers. We are motivated individuals who tackle unique technical challenges at scale and solve them as a team. Together, we deliver innovative and ethical solutions that help businesses achieve their ambitions faster.</span></p>
<p><strong>Executive Recruiter, Tech</strong></p>
<p>We are looking for an experienced Executive Leadership Recruiter to join us and help us continue to build Adyen’s global tech leadership team further in EMEA. This is an exciting opportunity to make an impact in the organization by bringing in senior leadership talent that spans across tech, operation, commercial and everything in between.</p>
<p><strong>What you’ll do:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Perform full-cycle recruiting for senior leadership roles across the organization - from intake meetings, sourcing and interviewing to debriefs and offer negotiation</li>
<li>Provide an outstanding high-touch candidate experience</li>
<li>Be a true business partner to senior hiring stakeholders - consult, advise, coach and educate on successful hiring practices</li>
<li>Apply a continuous improvement mindset to your work while inviting expertise from other stakeholders on our global HR team</li>
<li>Actively contribute to our employer brand efforts by nurturing talent communities, including across underrepresented groups</li>
<li>Be an active ambassador of the Adyen formula and ensure that we are engaging with senior leadership talent that can embrace the formula’s principles</li>
<li>Bring data and insights to everything you do</li>
<li>Craft comprehensive talent mapping and executive search strategies with diversity, equity and inclusion practices at their very core</li>
<li>Leverage your strong network across the region to bring in real time insight into your guidance to hiring managers and the overall sourcing strategy</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Who you are</strong><strong>:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Experience with working in fast-paced, tech company environments and working across borders and functions to hire Senior (Executive) Leadership talent</li>
<li>Outstanding communication skills with a strong solution-oriented mindset</li>
<li>Excellent project and time management skills that allow for clarity and alignment of multiple senior stakeholders during complex talent searches</li>
<li>Deep knowledge of executive recruitment sourcing strategies and ability to nurture a passive candidate talent pool</li>
<li>Ability to engage in a way that results in superior candidate and hiring manager satisfaction</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Our Diversity, Equity and Inclusion commitments&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Our unique approach is a product of our diverse perspectives. This diversity of backgrounds and cultures is essential in helping us maintain our momentum. Our business and technical challenges are unique, and we need as many different voices as possible to join us in solving them - voices like yours. No matter who you are or where you’re from, we welcome you to be your true self at Adyen.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Studies show that women and members of underrepresented communities apply for jobs only if they meet 100% of the qualifications. Does this sound like you? If so, Adyen encourages you to reconsider and apply. We look forward to your application!</span></p>
<p><strong>What’s next?</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Ensuring a smooth and enjoyable candidate experience is critical for us. We aim to get back to you regarding your application within 5 business days. Our interview process tends to take about 4 weeks to complete, but may fluctuate depending on the role. </span><a href="https://careers.adyen.com/how-we-hire"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Learn more about our hiring process here</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">. Don’t be afraid to let us know if you need more flexibility.</span></p>
<p>This role is based out of our Amsterdam office. We are an office-first company and value in-person collaboration; we do not offer remote-only roles.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>