<div class="content-intro"><p><strong>Secure Every Identity, from AI to Human<br><br></strong>Identity is the key to unlocking the potential of AI. Okta secures AI by building the trusted, neutral infrastructure that enables organizations to safely embrace this new era. This work requires a relentless drive to solve complex challenges with real-world stakes. We are looking for builders and owners who operate with speed and urgency and execute with excellence.<br><br>This is an opportunity to do career-defining work. We're all in on this mission. If you are too, let's talk.</p></div><p><strong>Job Duties and Responsibilities:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Partner with the regional sales team to develop strategic and technical account and territory plans</li>
<li>Support our customers along their sales journey by showing them the value of the Okta technology through live demonstrations and sales presentations.</li>
<li>Developing confidence to communicate with stakeholders at all levels of the customer's organization, including CxO, security, developers, Product Managers and IT administrators.</li>
<li>Serving as the key technical advisor for our customers, leading the technical solutioning phase for our customers, partnering with the sales team and our partners.&nbsp; Acting as the Technical Advocate for our customers, with Internal Okta teams.</li>
<li>Execute well-defined, outcome-focussed POCs</li>
<li>Build and manage technical relationships with Okta Customers, Technology Partners and Delivery Partners.</li>
<li>Participate in Okta Marketing led events, as a Speaker / Thought Leader and an attendee</li>
<li>Enjoy travelling and meeting customers. Travel will be mainly domestic.&nbsp; There may also be opportunities to travel to other Asia Pacific countries to support teammates; and within the US for training and conferences. <strong>&nbsp;</strong></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Skills &amp; experiences that will help in the role:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Minimum of 1-2 years experience in a pre-sales consulting role, or customer facing consulting role.</li>
<li>Strong communication skills, written and verbal, and an ability to quickly communicate complex ideas around a technical topic, using various means, including in front of a whiteboard.</li>
<li>Communicate effectively with stakeholders at all levels of the customer's organisation, including CxO, security, developers, and IT administrators.</li>
<li>Ability to be organised and analytical, and eliminate sales obstacles using creative and adaptive approaches</li>
<li>A passion to be in the forefront of technology, learning a diverse set of technologies that Okta integrates with and helping solve real world Identity challenges</li>
<li>Enjoy being in a fast paced environment, operating at the speed of cloud, to help customers accelerate their journey to the cloud, rapid adoption of technology and design their Zero Trust security strategy with Identity as the foundation.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>You might also have (not mandatory):</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Experience with Identity &amp; Access Management, Single Sign-on, Security and API-based solutions</li>
<li>Experience with at least one standard network security protocol (eg. OAuth 2.0, OpenID Connect, SAML, LDAP)</li>
<li>Proficient in either IT Security, Identity and Access Management or Developer domains</li>
<li>Bachelor's degree in Engineering, Computer Science, MIS or a comparable field</li>
<li>Hands-on experience in one or more of the following areas: web development (JavaScript, HTML, frontend frameworks), mobile development (iOS, Android), backend (Java, C#, Node.js, Python, PHP, Ruby) development, IP-based real-time communications</li>
<li>Software developer experience</li>
</ul>
<p>#LI-TH1</p>
<p>#LI-Hybrid</p>
<p>P24431\_3354094</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong><br>The Okta Experience</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><a href="http://rewards.okta.com">Supporting Your Well-Being</a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="https://www.okta.com/company/okta-for-good/">Driving Social Impact&nbsp;</a></li>
<li><a href="https://www.okta.com/company/talent-connection-community/">Developing Talent and Fostering Connection + Community</a></li>
</ul>
<p>We are intentional about connection. Our global community, spanning over 20 offices worldwide, is united by a drive to innovate. Your journey begins with an immersive, in-person onboarding experience designed to accelerate your impact and connect you to our mission and team from day one.<br><br>Okta is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, marital status, age, physical or mental disability, or status as a protected veteran. We also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and convictions records, consistent with applicable laws.<br><br>If reasonable accommodation is needed to complete any part of the job application, interview process, or onboarding please&nbsp;<a href="https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1EfiEYZrIyhA2X4Fijk0R3RKYOzNoS3wtvyM4nhbZnXE/edit">use this Form</a> to request an accommodation.<br><br>Notice for New York City Applicants &amp; Employees: Okta may use Automated Employment Decision Tools (AEDT), as defined by New York City Local Law 144, that use artificial intelligence, machine learning, or other automated processes to assist in our recruitment and hiring process. In accordance with NYC Local Law 144, if you are an applicant or employee residing in New York City, please&nbsp;<a href="https://talent.okta.com/new-york-city-aedt-notice.html">click here</a> to view our full NYC AEDT Notice.<br><br>Okta is committed to complying with applicable data privacy and security laws and regulations. For more information, please see our Personnel and Job Candidate Privacy Notice at&nbsp;<a href="https://www.okta.com/legal/personnel-policy/">https://www.okta.com/legal/personnel-policy/</a>.</p></div>