## Your Mission

<br><ul><li>You will work on the integration and development of the Infotainment or Body Electronics Software stack into a production environment</li><li>You will take responsibility for developing new Software components</li><li>You will design, document, implement and integrate your code. </li><li>You will test ruthlessly on component level in cross platform, as well as on real target and in actual vehicles.</li></ul>

## Your Profile

<ul><li>You hold a degree in computer science, engineering, electrical engineering or a comparable field, or have a proven track record of extensive experience as a software engineer within automotive software development. </li><li>You are experienced in embedded software development using C and/or C++.</li><li>You are experienced with embedded systems and embedded signals processing.</li><li>You have experience in profiling and analysis of systems using RTOS.</li><li>You are proficient in vehicle bus technologies: Ethernet and SOME/IP (preferred), CAN, LIN, SPI</li><li>You have hands on experience in development of software components for an automotive platform.</li><li>You have ideally worked with Classic AUTOSAR, knowledge of Vector DaVinci tool chain is an advantage.</li><li>You have familiarity with ASPICE and ISO26262.</li><li>You are proficient in English.</li></ul><strong><u>Personal skills</u></strong><br><ul><li>You have excellent communication and teamwork skills.</li><li>You take ownership and full responsibility for your tasks.</li><li>You have excellent organizational, time management, prioritization an multi- tasking skills.</li><li>You have a proficiency in problem solving and troubleshooting.</li><li>You have the ability to handle multiple competing priorities in a fast paced environment.</li><li>You have a high level of initiative, commitment, perseverance and resilience.</li></ul>

## Why us?

<ul><li>A chance to work on a new generation of Infotainment or Body Electronics Systems, which will power millions of cars</li><li>An international, interdisciplinary innovation lab, which is part of the Mercedes Benz Group AG</li><li>Be active and important part of development of Mercedes Benz Operating System AUTOSAR platform</li><li>Agile working methods and open feedback culture</li><li>Flexible working hours, flexible scheme for working from home</li></ul>

## Interested?

We look forward to receiving your complete application, including CV (in English) and relevant references with the following information:<br><ul><li> Job title and reference number</li><li> Salary expectations</li><li> Earliest start date</li></ul>You don't bring everything with you? Don't worry, MBition is proud of our diverse workforce and passionate about having MBitioneers from all backgrounds and perspectives. MBition is and always will be an equal opportunity employer. We are looking for employees who convince us above all with their personality and passionately motivated to join the team! You are welcome to contact our representative for severely disabled employees, Grigor Cekov (grigor.cekov@mercedes-benz.com), who will support you in the further application process. Recruitment Notice: Due to high volumes of applications, only shortlisted candidates will be contacted.