<div class="content-intro"><p><strong data-stringify-type="bold">Why work at Nebius<br></strong>Nebius is leading a new era in cloud computing to serve the global AI economy. We create the tools and resources our customers need to solve real-world challenges and transform industries, without massive infrastructure costs or the need to build large in-house AI/ML teams. Our employees work at the cutting edge of AI cloud infrastructure alongside some of the most experienced and innovative leaders and engineers in the field.</p>
<p><strong>Where we work<br></strong>Headquartered in Amsterdam and listed on Nasdaq, Nebius has a global footprint with R&amp;D hubs across Europe, North America, and Israel. The team of over 1400 employees includes more than 400 highly skilled engineers with deep expertise across hardware and software engineering, as well as an in-house AI R&amp;D team.</p></div><p><strong>Role Description:</strong> The DC (Data Centre) Physical Security Manager is responsible for overseeing and managing the physical security measures to protect the data center facility in Lille, personnel, and assets. This role involves planning, implementing, and monitoring security protocols, systems, and procedures for the on-site security team against unauthorized access, theft, vandalism, and other security threats.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Responsibilities:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><strong>Security Planning and Strategy:</strong></li>
</ul>
<ol>
<ul>
<li>Conduct risk assessments and vulnerability analyses to identify potential security threats and weaknesses.</li>
<li>Develop and implement comprehensive physical security plans and policies for DC.&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
</ol>
<ul>
<li><strong>Security team management:</strong></li>
</ul>
<ol>
<ul>
<li>Recruit, train, and supervise the security team personnel, ensuring they are well-equipped and educated to perform their duties effectively.</li>
<li>Conduct regular training sessions on security protocols, emergency response procedures, and the use of security equipment.</li>
</ul>
</ol>
<ul>
<li><strong>DC staff training and briefing:&nbsp;</strong></li>
</ul>
<ol>
<ul>
<li>Performing background checks on our DC staff before onboarding.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Brief and train the DC staff in physical best practice security behavior.&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
</ol>
<ul>
<li><strong>Access Control Management:</strong></li>
</ul>
<ol>
<ul>
<li>Oversee the installation, maintenance, and operation of access control systems.</li>
<li>Create strict access control policies to ensure no unauthorized people are entering.&nbsp;&nbsp;</li>
<li>Monitor and review access logs and reports to detect and respond to suspicious activities.</li>
</ul>
</ol>
<ul>
<li><strong>Visitor</strong><strong>s,&nbsp;</strong><strong>Suppliers and contractors Management:</strong></li>
</ul>
<ol>
<ul>
<li>Determine and implement protocols for treating visitors and suppliers to maintain a secure environment.</li>
<li>Determine the security level for each Visitor or Vendor entering the site</li>
</ul>
</ol>
<ul>
<li><strong>Incident Response and Investigations:</strong></li>
</ul>
<ol>
<ul>
<li>Develop and maintain incident response plans and protocols for various security scenarios, including unauthorized access, theft, and emergencies.</li>
<li>Lead investigations into security incidents, coordinating (If needed, with law enforcement and other relevant authorities).</li>
</ul>
</ol>
<ul>
<li><strong>Security System Maintenance:</strong></li>
</ul>
<ol>
<ul>
<li>Overall responsibility for the DC’s security systems and our Security Systems admin.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Collaborate with IT and facilities teams to integrate security systems with other data center infrastructure.</li>
<li>Manage contracts and relationships with security system vendors and service providers.</li>
</ul>
</ol>
<p><strong>Qualifications:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Experience in security operations management, preferably in big corporations or governmental systems.&nbsp;&nbsp;</li>
<li>Strong leadership and communication skills with the ability to effectively manage a diverse security team.</li>
<li>Knowledge of security principles, practices, and regulations, including relevant laws and industry standards in France.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Experience with security technologies like CCTV, access control systems, and security software.</li>
<li>Analytical and problem-solving skills to assess security risks and develop appropriate responses.</li>
<li>Ability to work under pressure and make sound decisions in emergencies.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>What we offer</strong>&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>Competitive salary and comprehensive benefits package.</li>
<li>Opportunities for professional growth within Nebius.</li>
<li>Flexible working arrangements.</li>
<li>A dynamic and collaborative work environment that values initiative and innovation.</li>
</ul>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">We’re growing and expanding our products every day. If you’re up to the challenge and are excited about AI and ML as much as we are, join us!</span></p></div>