<div><strong>About Groww:</strong></div>
<div>We are a passionate group of people focused on making financial services accessible to every Indian through a multi-product platform. Each day, we help millions of customers take charge of their financial journey. Customer obsession is in our DNA. Every product, every design, every algorithm down to the tiniest detail is executed keeping the customers’ needs and convenience in mind. Our people are our greatest strength. Everyone at Groww is driven by ownership, customer-centricity, integrity and the passion to constantly challenge the status quo.</div>
<div>&nbsp;</div>
<div>Are you as passionate about defying conventions and creating something extraordinary as we are? Let’s chat.</div>
<div>&nbsp;</div>
<div><strong>Our Vision</strong></div>
<div>Every individual deserves the knowledge, tools, and confidence to make informed financial decisions. At Groww, we are making sure every Indian feels empowered to do so through a cutting-edge multi-product platform offering a variety of financial services. Our long-term vision is to become the trusted financial partner for millions of Indians.</div>
<div>&nbsp;</div>
<div><strong>Our Values</strong></div>
<div>Our culture enables us to be what we are — India’s fastest-growing financial services company. It fosters an environment where collaboration, transparency, and open communication take center-stage and hierarchies fade away. There is space for every individual to be themselves and feel motivated to bring their best to the table, as well as craft a promising career for themselves.</div>
<div>The values that form our foundation are:</div>
<ul>
<li>Radical customer centricity</li>
<li>Ownership-driven culture</li>
<li>Keeping everything simple</li>
<li>Long-term thinking</li>
<li>Complete transparency</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>About the role</strong></p>
<p>We are looking for high ownership, self motivated candidates with excellent analytical and problem solving skills with a proven track record of result oriented performance. As a Risk analyst you will be responsible to lead the process audits, identify and analyze critical risk along with short term and long term improvement opportunities. In addition to these responsibilities the candidate would also be responsible for continuous monitoring and reporting of the key metrics, presenting the audit observation with the leadership and working cross functionally with the respective teams to streamline processes and implement improvements.</p>
<p><strong>Responsibilities</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Conduct risk and control assessment to identify emerging risks, non compliances and report the findings to the key stakeholders</li>
<li>Create quality checklist for key process and conduct internal control reviews across various processes/ functions</li>
<li>Monitor and analyze key risk indicators, providing regular reports to management and stakeholders.</li>
<li>Work closely with internal audit teams to ensure alignment between risk management and audit activities.</li>
<li>Conduct root cause analysis (5 Whys, Fishbone etc) against the audit observations to identify corrective and preventive actions</li>
<li>Partner with product, engineering, operations, compliance teams to embed risk controls at process/ product level.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Requirement:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Graduate, CA, MBA from a Tier 1 Institute preferred</li>
<li>2-5 years of experience in enterprise risk management, preferably within the financial industry.</li>
<li>Clear understanding of regulatory guidelines and frameworks.</li>
<li>Strong knowledge of auditing principles and procedures.</li>
<li>Strong analytical and problem-solving skills.</li>
<li>Effective communication and interpersonal skills to collaborate with diverse teams and stakeholders.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>