<h3 data-start="87" data-end="122">&nbsp;</h3>
<p>We are looking for a <strong>Senior Data Engineer - Analytics&nbsp;</strong>to join the <strong>Analytics Engineering</strong> team at Doctolib.</p>
<p>As a <strong>Senior Data Engineer - Analytics</strong>, your mission will be to work on building data products that provide insights and support decision-making across Doctolib, helping to transform access to healthcare. You will be working in a team developing data pipelines and solutions that empower our organization with data-driven insights while supporting our AI strategy.</p>
<p>Working in the tech team at Doctolib involves building innovative products and features to improve the daily lives of care teams and patients. We work in feature teams in an agile environment, while collaborating with product, design, and business teams.</p>
<p>Your responsibilities include but are not limited to:</p>
<ul>
<li><strong>Building and maintaining data pipelines</strong> using Python (<strong>Dagster</strong>) to support Doctolib's AI strategy</li>
<li>Developing and maintaining data marts in <strong>BigQuery using SQL/Jinja, DBT</strong></li>
<li>Creating dashboards for high-level reporting using <strong>Tableau</strong></li>
<li>Collaborating with stakeholders to understand their data needs and define specifications</li>
<li>Ensuring data quality, security (GDPR compliance), and availability through monitoring and optimization</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>About our tech environment</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Our solutions are built on a single fully cloud-native platform that supports web and mobile app interfaces, multiple languages, and is adapted to the country and healthcare specialty requirements. To address these challenges, we are modularizing our platform run in a distributed architecture through reusable components.</li>
<li>Our stack is composed of Rails, TypeScript, Java, Python, Kotlin, Swift, and React Native.</li>
<li>We leverage AI ethically across our products to empower patients and health professionals. Discover our AI vision <a href="https://careers.doctolib.com/ai-careers/">here</a> and learn about our first AI hackathon <a href="https://medium.com/doctolib/building-for-healthcare-our-first-ai-hackathon-aa9d10d1a250">here!</a></li>
<li>Our data stack includes: Kafka/Debezium for data ingestion, Dagster/DBT for orchestration, GCS/BigQuery for data warehousing, and Metabase/Tableau for BI and reporting.</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Who you are</strong></h2>
<p>Before you read on — if you don't have the exact profile described below, but you feel this job description matches your skill set, we still encourage you to apply.</p>
<ul>
<li>You have at least 7 years+ of experience as an Analytics Engineer, Data Engineer, or a similar role</li>
<li>You are proficient in <strong>Python, SQL, and DBT f</strong>or building data pipelines</li>
<li>You have experience with BI tools such as <strong>Tableau, Metabase</strong>, or similar platforms</li>
<li>You have a first experience with <strong>Google Cloud Platform (</strong>GCP) stack</li>
<li>You have a good understanding of functional aspects of data (Sales, Finance, Web Analytics, Product)</li>
<li>You have strong communication skills and can collaborate effectively with business teams</li>
</ul>
<p>Now it would be fantastic if you:</p>
<ul>
<li>Have experience with AI products</li>
<li>Have experience with Vertex AI</li>
<li>Have experience with Cursor / Claude&nbsp;</li>
<li>Are familiar with GDPR regulations</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>What we offer</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Free comprehensive health insurance for you and your children</li>
<li>Parent Care Program: additional leave on top of the legal parental leave</li>
<li>Free mental health and coaching services through our partner Moka.care</li>
<li>For caregivers and workers with disabilities, a package including an adaptation of the remote policy, extra days off for medical reasons, and psychological support</li>
<li>Work from EU countries and the UK for up to 10 days per year, thanks to our flexibility days policy</li>
<li>Work Council subsidy to refund part of a sport club membership or a creative class</li>
<li>Up to 14 days of RTT</li>
<li>Lunch voucher with Swile card</li>
<li>Bicycle subsidy</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>The interview process</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>HR Screen</li>
<li>Live tech interview</li>
<li>Behavioral interview + Meeting with the team at the office</li>
<li>At least one reference check</li>
<li>Offer!</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Job details</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Permanent position</li>
<li>Full-time</li>
<li>Paris</li>
<li>Start date: as soon as possible</li>
</ul>
<p>If you would like to find out more about tech life at Doctolib, feel free to read our latest <a href="https://medium.com/doctolib">Medium blog articles</a>!</p>
<p><em>At Doctolib, we are committed to improving access to healthcare for everyone. This translates into our recruitment process. We evaluate candidates based solely on qualifications and motivation, without any form of discrimination.</em></p>
<p><em>The more diverse ideas are heard, the more our product will truly improve healthcare for all. You are welcome to apply to Doctolib, regardless of your gender, religion, age, sexual orientation, ethnicity, disability.</em></p>
<p><em>To ensure equal opportunities, we invite you to exclude personal information (e.g. pictures, age) from your applications. If you require any accommodation, please let us know for support during the hiring process.</em></p>
<p><em>Join us in building the healthcare we all dream of!</em></p>
<p><em>All information provided is processed by Doctolib for application management. For data processing details, click <a href="https://media.doctolib.com/image/upload/v1678356494/legal/Career-Privacy-Policy-Feb-23-EN.pdf">here</a>.</em></p>
<p><em>Please contact hr.dataprivacy(at)doctolib.com for inquiries or to exercise your rights.</em></p>