<p><strong>Overview</strong></p>
<p>Liquibase is the leader in the database release automation segment of the more broadly defined DevSecOps market. Downloaded more than 100 million times, the open-source software enables DevSecOps teams around the globe to accelerate the software delivery process by automating database updates.&nbsp;</p>
<p>At Liquibase, you can expect to revel in high growth across the board — in the number of customers we support, in the experiments we run, in the scope and complexity of our technical projects, and the list goes on.</p>
<p>Liquibase is hiring a Sales Engineer in the United States, East Coast preferred to overlap with our EMEA team, to manage the technical side of our Enterprise prospects. The ideal candidate has a passion for engaging prospects in a compelling conversation about their business and technical needs, with proven experience in enterprise software sales. They are excited to work alongside Liquibase sales executives to formulate sales strategies, drive discovery of technical and business requirements and manage all technical aspects of the sale. Beyond technical skill, we value character, honesty, curiosity, and a strong work ethic. We’re looking for someone who collaborates naturally, steps up when others need help, and approaches challenges with humility and persistence. At Liquibase, great teammates make great outcomes.</p>
<p>&nbsp;<strong>What you’ll be doing:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Actively working with Regional Sales Managers to develop account plans combining business &amp; technology strategies.</li>
<li>Taking accountability for all technical issues during a pre-sales engagement with potential customers.</li>
<li>Managing the "technology" side of the sales process developing technical strategies and tactics for Liquibase solutions, resolving all technology issues throughout an enterprise sales cycle.</li>
<li>Developing &amp; delivering customer-specific solution-oriented presentations and demonstrations.</li>
<li>Demonstrating Liquibase solutions and technology to all levels within an organization.</li>
<li>Developing strategies, manage and assist execution of solution evaluations proving your solution actually fulfills the business objectives &amp; technical requirements.</li>
<li>Understanding prospects’ business processes, information flows, business/technical issues and challenges, and competitive pressures.</li>
<li>Uncovering specific business/technical problems and design solutions that link to clearly defined business value by applying Liquibase products toward solving those problems.</li>
<li>Architecting innovative solutions leveraging 3rd party and Liquibase technologies that lead to new use cases and revenue opportunities.</li>
<li>Remaining a current contributor to team-learning initiatives and activities.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Must Haves:</strong></p>
<p>Business:</p>
<ul>
<li>BA/BS Degree - Computer Science, EE, or MIS preferred (Bachelor's Degree required)</li>
<li>5+ years of successful pre-sales experience at an enterprise software company thus having a deep understanding of the sales lifecycle for enterprise software</li>
<li>Experience running proof-of-value engagements focused on measurable customer outcomes, not just feature validation</li>
<li>Experience working within a sales organization and being responsible for the technical aspects of the sales cycle</li>
<li>Excellent communication, presentation, organization, and time management skills.</li>
<li>Ability to travel up to 35%</li>
<li>Located in the United States, East Coast preferred</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;Technical:</p>
<ul>
<li>​​Strong knowledge of DevOps/Agile processes</li>
<li>Experience with cloud computing and related technologies and practices</li>
<li>Experience with two or more database platforms: Oracle, Microsoft SQL Server, MySQL, PostgreSQL, MongoDB, etc.</li>
<li>Experience with one or more scripting languages - shell, Ruby, Groovy</li>
<li>Experience with Windows and Linux systems</li>
<li>Source Code Management: Git, Subversion, TFS, etc.</li>
<li>Build Automation: Jenkins, Gitlab runners, Github Actions, etc.</li>
<li>Deployment Automation: Azure DevOps Release Pipelines, Harness.io, Octopus Deploy, etc.</li>
<li>Partner with Product Management to provide customer feedback on enterprise requirements and influence roadmap priorities</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Nice to Haves:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Database application development experience</li>
<li>Collaborate with Marketing to refine value messaging and technical positioning</li>
<li>Liquibase or other database schema management tools</li>
<li>Experience with modern cloud and Kubernetes application environments</li>
<li>Be able to run and/or contribute to webinars</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Perks of life at Liquibase:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Remote First culture, potential for company-wide in-person gatherings</li>
<li>Home office allowance for remote workers</li>
<li>Meaningful equity (US only)</li>
<li>Comprehensive health, vision, and dental benefits - country dependent</li>
<li>Generous paid time off and paid holidays</li>
<li>401K matching (US only)</li>
<li>No punks, no jerks culture</li>
<li>Growth opportunities and ability to move up within the company</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>We take pride in:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>A transparent and collaborative team environment. We value multiple perspectives and fresh thinking.</li>
<li>Our entrepreneurial culture. We provide every employee the opportunity to make a meaningful impact.</li>
<li>Providing the opportunity to work with new technologies and learn from experienced professionals.</li>
<li>How organizations, large and small, use DevOps to drive developer agility and accelerate software delivery.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Company Overview - We are Liquibase</strong></p>
<p>A career at Liquibase means joining a quickly growing company on the front lines of the DevOps space. Our vision is to be the easiest, safest, and most powerful community-led database change management solution. As companies of all sizes continue to adopt an agile methodology and DevOps practices, there is a growing realization that the database needs to be considered as part of this innovation process.&nbsp;</p>
<p>At Liquibase, we foster a culture rooted in the open-source values of freedom, choice, transparency, and meritocracy. These are not just fashion labels here, but sincere convictions, and you’ll see that reflected in the way we operate daily. We’re caffeinated, collaborative &amp; confident experts, eager to solve the most challenging database CI/CD problems for our customers.</p>
<p>Want to help the software world move faster? You’ve found the right place.</p>
<p><em>Eligible candidates may be subject to criminal history checks, which will be conducted and used in accordance with applicable local, state, and federal law.&nbsp;</em></p>