<div class="content-intro"><h2><span data-sheets-root="1">About Wolt</span></h2>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">At Wolt, we create technology that brings joy, simplicity and earnings to the neighborhoods of the world. In 2014 we started with delivery of restaurant food. Now we’re building the delivery of (almost) everything and you’ll find us in over 500 cities in 30 countries around the world. In 2022 we joined forces with DoorDash and together we keep on dreaming big and expanding across the globe.<br><br>Working at Wolt isn’t always easy, but it’s definitely exciting. Here you’ll learn more, build more, and ship more than in most other companies. You’ll be challenged a lot, but also have a lot of fun on the way. So, if you’re a self-starter with drive and entrepreneurial spirit, this could be the ride of your life.</span></p></div><p>In the Wolt Ads team, we’re on a mission to help our partners grow their businesses.<strong> </strong><a href="https://explore.wolt.com/en/fin/wolt-ads"><strong>Wolt Ads</strong></a><strong> </strong>helps our partners get closer to their ideal customers by offering high visibility for their brand, business, and products across our app and beyond. With more engagement, more customers, and more sales, Wolt Ads really delivers.</p>
<h2><strong>Job Description</strong></h2>
<p>At Wolt we partner closely with the world’s leading <strong>Consumer Packaged Goods (CPG)&nbsp; companies</strong>. We are looking for a <strong>Senior Enterprise Partnerships Manager</strong> to work with our <strong>brand partners</strong>&nbsp;within the CPG vertical &amp; provide massive value to our customer base through the brands they love. This is a high-impact, <strong>Individual Contributor</strong> role that will contribute to building <strong>profitable business models</strong> touching all of <strong>Wolt’s sales channels</strong>.&nbsp; This role requires <strong>cross-functional collaboration</strong> across the business; you will need to be able to work with our local team and our <strong>global ads operations team</strong>. Success will come from the ability to leverage our (huge) database to execute <strong>commercial initiatives</strong>, conduct l<strong>ong-term joint business planning</strong>, and provide <strong>world-class service</strong> to the world’s largest consumer brands.&nbsp;</p>
<h2><strong>What you’ll be doing</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li><strong>Ad + Promo Sales: </strong>&nbsp;CPG partners create significant value to our joint customer bases via Ads + Promos. Our product is developing new features every day which you will be in charge of commercializing&nbsp;</li>
<li><strong>Joint Business Strategy and Planning</strong>: We create win-win-win models which bring significant benefits to our CPG partners, Wolt, and our end-customers. Our industry is moving fast and changing by the minute; you will have to be creative and figure out how we can all win together, both today and tomorrow.</li>
<li><strong>Plan Execution</strong>: Our team likes to get its hands dirty. You’ll work closely with local teams and our global ads operations teams to ensure that the details of operational plans are being executed, from ensuring a supply chain is providing the right amount of availability on our shelves to triple-checking marketing campaign flows.</li>
<li><strong>Market Insight &amp; Data-Driven Analysis</strong>:&nbsp; We have industry-leading first-party data on billions of transactions, stored on Snowflake databases accessed via Looker. Leverage market knowledge and data analytics to create actionable dashboards, KPIs, and insights for our business partners.&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Our humble expectations</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li><strong>Relevant Experience:</strong> Previous global enterprise sales or account management experience. Proven ability to create incremental value for partners in a self-driven manner.&nbsp;</li>
<li><strong>Languages Proficiency</strong>: Fluent in Norwegian and English</li>
<li>Industry Knowledge: Understanding the CPG (Consumer Packaged Goods) and e-commerce, platform industry is essential. Experience in the Ads industry is a major plus.</li>
<li><strong>Presentation &amp; Communication Skills</strong>: Proven ability to create compelling presentations and deliver them effectively to C-level executives, combined with excellent communication skills.</li>
<li><strong>Analytical Skills</strong>: Advanced ability to leverage data to uncover trends, generate insights, and inform strategic decision-making. Proficiency in analyzing complex datasets, developing actionable business recommendations, and presenting findings in clear, impactful formats is essential. Expertise in Excel and crafting data-driven presentations is required.</li>
<li><strong>Attitude</strong>: Ownership and Entrepreneurial Mindset – Take full ownership of your work and excel in a fast-paced, dynamic environment. We value individuals with an entrepreneurial spirit who are adaptable, resourceful, and proactive in driving growth and delivering results.</li>
<li><strong>Other</strong>: Eligible to work in the country where the job is posted and willing to travel when necessary.</li>
</ul>
<h2>What we offer</h2>
<p>At Wolt, you get the best of both worlds: the dynamic energy of a scale-up with a highly sought-after product, combined with the stability of a well-established company with strong owners and a long-term outlook.</p>
<ul>
<li>A unique opportunity to join a growth journey where your ideas about the direction of the company are welcome, and where you can contribute to developing new tools and ways of working</li>
<li>A Competitive Salary Package and Benefits&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<h2>Next steps</h2>
<p>If you are excited about working in a high-growth environment, taking ownership, and being part of an extremely ambitious team, then click below to apply and get the conversation going!</p>
<p>Wolt Ads is constantly expanding and evolving—check out how we help businesses grow and what opportunities lie ahead!&nbsp; <strong><a href="https://explore.wolt.com/en/fin/wolt-ads">https://explore.wolt.com/en/fin/wolt-ads</a></strong></p>
<p>Want to learn more about what a CPG Partnership Manager does at Wolt? Check out our latest blog post featuring one of our star CPG Partnership Managers, Shany: <strong><a class="decorated-link" href="https://careers.wolt.com/en/jobs/7346873" target="\_new" data-start="307" data-end="360">Read here</a></strong></p>
<p><iframe src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/UfaE8bk9SHs?feature=youtu" width="560" height="314"></iframe></p>
<p><iframe src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/GoL541\_xj9w" width="560" height="314"></iframe></p><div class="content-conclusion"><h2><span data-sheets-root="1">Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion</span></h2>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">We’re committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. That’s why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.</span></p></div>