Created in Lyon in 2016 by French entrepreneurs, Agicap is one of the fastest scale-ups in Europe, with over 7000 customers and revenue growth above 100% YoY for the past 3 years. GP Bullhound has ranked us as the next most likely unicorn in Europe.

Agicap allows CEOs and Finance teams of SMBs and Mid-Market companies to efficiently manage and forecast their cash flow, pay their suppliers and get paid.

Cash is King, and Agicap fundamentally reshapes the way companies manage one of their greatest pain points.

Our ambition is to become the global financial management solution for SMEs and Mid-Market companies worldwide.

To help us get there we have raised 3 rounds of fundings so far, totalling $121 million, with prestigious VC funds including Greenoaks, Partech and BlackFin.

These additional resources further fuel our product innovation, allowing us to grow significantly the team by welcoming new talents and accelerating our international expansion across Europe. We are now over 500 people.

We believe our success comes from our highly passionate and dedicated teams, committed to building a company where people can grow and build their careers. We are constantly looking for great talents, aiming for excellence and ready to join our ambitious adventure!

Within the Customer Success team, the mission of the Customer Solutions Consultant is to ensure that Agicap delivers the expected added value to our clients when they subscribe to the tool.

The Customer Solutions Consultant engages with clients right after their training to guarantee them the best experience throughout their customer journey.

**⭐ Your mission as a Customer Solutions Consultant:**

You are responsible for:

∙ Defining and implementing a tailored activation strategy for each client (resolving complex issues, setting up configurations to meet new needs, etc.).

∙ Ensuring that Agicap creates maximum value for them and realizes their return on investment (ROI).

∙ Maintaining and developing the use of the solution and new features among our clients.

∙ Actively participating in the identification and qualification of upsell opportunities and recommendations.

∙ Helping business leaders manage their companies.

∙ Contributing directly to the development of our product by conveying client feedback to the technical and product teams: you are the voice of the client.

∙ Sharing your expertise and ideas to improve team performance.

## 👪 What are we looking for :

- You have a degree from a top business school or engineering school (Master's level, Bac+5).
- You have strong customer relationship skills: you have between 1 or 3 years of experience in customer relations (ideally as a Customer Success Manager in SaaS, with experience in FinTech being a bonus).
- Or you have strong financial skills: you have 1-3 years of experience in financial audit, management control, or in implementing financial tools (such as ERP accounting, management, or treasury systems).
- You have an excellent level of French and are able to lead full business conversations
- You are capable of multitasking and managing changing priorities within tight deadlines.
- You enjoy challenges and strive to exceed your goals.
- You are eager to move quickly, to meet with our users frequently, and to pick up the phone to help them.
- You love advising, arguing, and convincing.

## 🎁 What we offer :

- An attractive salary package
- Swile meal vouchers
- New 1000 m² offices at Gare de Vaise (Lyon)
- A highly educational and empowering entrepreneurial environment with a lot of autonomy
- A daily challenge working with SME leaders and CEOs
- A dynamic and passionate work atmosphere with a true team spirit to help Agicap take off in France and then internationally
- 2 days of remote work (after the trial period)