<div class="content-intro"><p>At <strong>Yugabyte</strong>, we are on a mission to become the default transactional database for enterprises building cloud-native applications. YugabyteDB is our PostgreSQL-compatible distributed database for cloud-native apps. Resilient, scalable, and flexible, it runs on any cloud and enables developers to become instantly productive using well-known APIs.We are looking for talented and driven people to join us on our ambitious mission and help us build a lasting and impactful company.The transactional database market is estimated to grow to $64B by 2025. YugabyteDB is cloud-native by design, has on-demand horizontal scalability, and supports geographical distribution of data using built-in replication. This means that we are well-positioned to meet market demand for geo-distributed, high-scale, high-performance workloads.<br><br><strong>Join the Database Revolution at Yugabyte.<br><br></strong>Modern applications need a cloud-native database that eliminates tradeoffs and silos. YugabyteDB retains the power and familiarity of PostgreSQL by pairing its trusted API with a precision-engineered, distributed, cloud-native architecture. Even better, it’s 100% open source. Many of the world's leading enterprises are migrating from legacy RDBMSs (like Oracle, SQL Server, and DB2) to YugabyteDB, to meet their mission-critical app demands.</p></div><p style="text-align: center;">&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Position Overview</strong></p>
<p>As a member of our EMEA Sales Team, you will have the opportunity to own key accounts within UK, Financial Services and Benelux. The ideal candidate has successfully partnered with enterprise (i.e. Fortune 500) customers in a start-up environment and is excited to make a large impact at a fast-growing company. You are an ambitious sales hunter with a successful track record of bringing in new logos and closing large, enterprise deals.</p>
<p><strong>Role and Responsibilities</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Bring in new logos, helping build the foundation of this geography</li>
<li>Meet/exceed your sales quota</li>
<li>Own your franchise: prospecting, discovery, pricing, quoting, negotiating, and closing the deal</li>
<li>Manage product demonstrations with the help of Sales Engineering</li>
<li>Partner with Marketing to generate demand</li>
<li>As a member of our Americas Sales Team, you will have the opportunity to own key accounts in the South East Region.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Required Experience</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Deep expertise selling enterprise software in the infrastructure space (database experience preferred)</li>
<li>Full-cycle tech sales experience, from pipeline generation to closing skills</li>
<li>Coach-ability - tremendous desire to learn about distributed SQL and constantly improve in a “no-egos” environment</li>
<li>Entrepreneurial spirit - you’re willing to do whatever it takes to get the job done</li>
</ul>
<p><em>#LI-Hybrid</em></p>
<p><em>Due to the Proclamation, “Restriction on Entry of Certain Nonimmigrant Workers”, which went into effect on September 21, 2025, at this time we are no longer able to sponsor new H-1B visa petitions filed after September 21, 2025 for new hires. We are still able to consider candidates who require H-1B extensions, changes of employer, or other types of work authorization.</em></p><div class="content-conclusion"><div><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;"><strong>Equal Employment Opportunity Statement</strong>:</span></div>
<div><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;">As an equal opportunity employer, Yugabyte is committed to a diverse workforce. Employment decisions regarding recruitment and selection will be made without discrimination based on race, color, religion, national origin, gender, age, sexual orientation, physical or mental disability, genetic information or characteristic, gender identity and expression, veteran status, or other non-job related characteristics or other prohibited grounds specified in applicable federal, state and local laws.&nbsp;</span></div>
<div>&nbsp;</div>
<div><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;">To review Yugabyte's Privacy Policy please visit <a href="https://www.yugabyte.com/privacy-policy/#:~:text=Communicate%20with%20Customers%3A%20We%20use,up%20to%20date%20with%20what%27s" target="\_blank">Yugabyte Privacy Notice</a>.</span></div></div>