<p>&nbsp;</p>
<h2><strong>The Role (What’s in the Box)</strong></h2>
<p>It’s a typical day in our Islands Brygge office. Data is being pulled, patterns are analyzed, and decisions are made on which recipes make it into the meal kits we send to thousands of customers every week. As a <strong>Product Analyst (all genders)</strong> in our <strong>Menu Strategy &amp; Planning</strong> team, you use those insights to inform the development of our recipe database, a key component in how our physical product comes together.</p>
<p>Along the way, a simple question comes up:<br><span style="text-decoration: underline;"><em>What actually makes a recipe one that customers come back for?</em></span></p>
<p>It’s exactly this kind of question you will help answer. Your mission is to use your analytical expertise to facilitate the development of a broad pool of diverse, well-liked, and affordable recipes to excite and delight our customers, while supporting the planning needs of our menu.</p>
<h2><strong>What You’ll Do (The Recipe)</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Analyze customer and product data to generate insights and provide strategic direction for the development of our culinary product, ensuring a strong balance across cost, utilization, variety, retention, and performance</li>
<li>Translate product and menu composition strategy into clear and aligned recipe development plans</li>
<li>Manage the launch of product improvements (e.g. recipe concept launches) to our customers</li>
<li>Continuously improve and optimize recipe planning processes, ensuring strong coordination across teams (menu planning, editorial, recipe developers, and product marketing)</li>
<li>Contribute to high customer engagement by optimizing core menu signaletics and communication (e.g. tags, labels, categories, CRM)</li>
<li>Build and maintain a network of international counterparts to stay up to date with product planning best practices and collaborate across markets</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>What You’ll Bring (Your Ingredients)</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Have ~2 years of hands-on data analysis experience, with strong SQL skills that enable you to uncover insights</li>
<li>Have <strong>strong problem-solving skills </strong>that help you find the right approach to tackle any analytical challenge&nbsp;</li>
<li>Easily find your way around spreadsheets and have <strong>experience working with Excel or Gsheet</strong> to efficiently merge, transform, visualize, and analyze data</li>
<li><strong>Enjoy collaborating with peers</strong> and <strong>stakeholders</strong>, leveraging your analytics skills to support non-technical colleagues in their creative work&nbsp;</li>
<li>Are <strong>self-driven and can work independently</strong> to drive progress in your area always keeping an eye on quality and timeliness</li>
<li>Have <strong>strong analytical skills</strong> enabling you to identify patterns in large data sets, organize and make sense of multiple data sources&nbsp;</li>
<li>Have <strong>strong business acumen </strong>allowing you to identify and prioritize high-impact business opportunities within recipe planning&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p>Above all, we are looking for people who will make HelloFresh better. There are many different ways of developing skills, and we love diverse experiences! So even if you don’t “tick all the boxes” but think you’d thrive in this role, we would really like to learn more about you.</p>
<h3><strong>What We Offer (The Toppings)</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>HelloFresh Discounts – Enjoy 65% off your HelloFresh Meal Box and 40% off Factor\_ subscriptions.</li>
<li>Learning and Development – Make the most of a dedicated Learning &amp; Development budget and the HelloMint mentorship program.</li>
<li>Receive 25 days of paid vacation per year, + 5 days of <em>feriefridage</em>. Paid leave also provided for your child’s first sick day.</li>
<li>Parent Benefits – Benefit from a Parental Leave policy supporting your family needs.</li>
<li>Compensation and Perks – Includes a 5% company-paid pension and insurance package.</li>
<li>Health – Access to Spill online therapy, available within 24 hours of request.</li>
<li>Daily Comforts – Office perks include drinks and snacks, subsidized catered lunches, and breakfast every Friday.</li>
<li>Fitness and Well-being – Discounts at SATS gym, plus access to sports and exercise clubs.<br><br></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Are you the missing ingredient?</strong><strong><br></strong>If this sounds like a tasty opportunity, we’d be excited to hear from you. We aim to review your profile and respond within 5 business days.</p>
<p><br><br><br><br></p>