<div class="content-intro"><h2><span data-sheets-root="1">About Wolt</span></h2>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">At Wolt, we create technology that brings joy, simplicity and earnings to the neighborhoods of the world. In 2014 we started with delivery of restaurant food. Now we’re building the delivery of (almost) everything and you’ll find us in over 500 cities in 30 countries around the world. In 2022 we joined forces with DoorDash and together we keep on dreaming big and expanding across the globe.<br><br>Working at Wolt isn’t always easy, but it’s definitely exciting. Here you’ll learn more, build more, and ship more than in most other companies. You’ll be challenged a lot, but also have a lot of fun on the way. So, if you’re a self-starter with drive and entrepreneurial spirit, this could be the ride of your life.</span></p></div><p>At Wolt, we’re looking for an Account Manager in our retail team who will play a key role in supporting our retail partners and helping them succeed on our platform. If you’re eager to learn, enjoy working with different teams, and want to be part of shaping the shopping experience of the future, this could be the role for you.</p>
<p>Part of the DoorDash team, we’re building a global logistics platform that can deliver (almost) everything in your city, to your door in minutes. Today, our products are used by 55+ million registered users who can now order from 200,000+ restaurants and retail stores across 30+ countries around the world.</p>
<p>Together, we’ve helped big brands, local stores and neighborhood restaurants do over €15 billion’s worth of business through our platform. We’re constantly launching new cities and products, so there are always new opportunities to expand your skills and progress your career.&nbsp; As our new Account Manager you’ll manage and develop a portfolio of retail partners, focusing on building strong relationships, using data to drive performance, and delivering results for Wolt, our partners, and our customers.</p>
<h2>What you’ll be doing</h2>
<h3><strong>Day to day in this role you’ll:</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Develop and foster partner relationships with your portfolio of key accounts</li>
<li>Do quarterly business reviews with partners to deepen relationships, review performance, and develop forward-looking strategies</li>
<li>Determine the needs and wants of merchants, prioritize them by impact on the business, and co-create solutions</li>
<li>Strategically introduce and execute on new Wolt product opportunities to broaden partnerships and increase partner revenue streams</li>
<li>Drive revenue growth of Wolt and partners in your portfolio by improving venue performance through a data-based approach</li>
<li>Act as a key communicator between our operations, support, marketing, and partners</li>
<li>Work closely with the marketing team to plan and execute promotional campaigns that increase user acquisition and retention, drive our growth, and support partner performance</li>
<li>Bring structure and hands-on contribution in a still-developing environment</li>
</ul>
<h2>Our humble expectations&nbsp;</h2>
<ul>
<li>Experience in account management, customer success, or sales is an advantage, but not required.</li>
<li>Fluency in Danish is required for this position</li>
<li>Strong communication skills with the ability to build effective working relationships.</li>
<li>Excellent interpersonal skills and a natural ability to build and maintain strong relationships.</li>
<li>Organized and proactive, with the ability to manage multiple tasks simultaneously.</li>
<li>High ownership and energy with a team-first mindset; you manage your pipeline independently and seek guidance on new or more complex work.</li>
<li>Comfortable working with data using tools such as Excel and Google Suite; experience with BI tools like Looker or Power BI is a plus.</li>
<li>Retail or FMCG experience is a plus, but not essential.<br><br></li>
</ul>
<h2>What we offer</h2>
<p>Help shape the future of retail at Wolt Denmark as an Account Manager, supporting and growing strong partnerships with leading retailers.</p>
<p>You’ll work cross-functionally in a fast-moving tech environment, combining relationship-building, data insights, and problem-solving.</p>
<p>Perfect for a driven team player eager to grow in account management within one of Europe’s fastest-growing companies.</p>
<h2>Why you’ll love it</h2>
<ul>
<li><strong>🚀Global and growing fast: </strong>Be part of a fast-moving scaleup</li>
<li><strong>🤩Ride of a lifetime: </strong>Accelerate your career and build your sales skills&nbsp;</li>
<li><strong>💪Instant impact: </strong>Take ownership and make a difference</li>
<li><strong>💙Big hearts and small egos: </strong>Surround yourself with smart, friendly people</li>
</ul>
<h2>Next steps</h2>
<p>If you are excited about working in a high-growth environment, taking ownership, and being part of an extremely ambitious team, then click below to apply, make sure to add your CV and get the conversation going!&nbsp;</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>We will be reviewing applications on an on-going basis. If this sounds like an opportunity you want to pursue, apply today!&nbsp; 💙</p>
<p><iframe src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/GoL541\_xj9w" width="560" height="314"></iframe><br><br></p><div class="content-conclusion"><h2><span data-sheets-root="1">Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion</span></h2>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">We’re committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. That’s why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.</span></p></div>