<p>MongoDB’s mission is to empower innovators to create, transform, and disrupt industries by unleashing the power of software and data. We enable organizations of all sizes to easily build, scale, and run modern applications by helping them modernize legacy workloads, embrace innovation, and unleash AI. Our industry-leading developer data platform, MongoDB Atlas, is the only globally distributed, multi-cloud database and is available in more than 115 regions across AWS, Google Cloud, and Microsoft Azure. Atlas allows customers to build anywhere—on the edge, on premises, or across cloud providers. With offices worldwide and over 175,000 developers joining MongoDB every month, it’s no wonder that leading organizations, like Samsung and Toyota, trust MongoDB to build next-generation, AI-powered applications.</p>
<p>At MongoDB, our Account Development team works closely with our partners in both Sales and Marketing to build fanatical customer enthusiasm around MongoDB. ADR reps are responsible for identifying and qualifying new opportunities for our sales organization.&nbsp;</p>
<p>We view our Account Development program as the best way to turbocharge a long and successful career in sales and view our Account Development Representatives (ADRs) as the next wave of Account Executives at MongoDB.</p>
<p>We are looking to speak to candidates who are based in Dublin for our hybrid working model.<br><br></p>
<h3>The Opportunity</h3>
<p>Being an ADR is often a first step to jump-starting a career in sales. At MongoDB, we have a culture that celebrates diversity, fosters growth and enablement, and ensures that we provide our ADRs with the tools and the confidence that they need to grow their careers. We invest heavily in the training and development of our team. You will always have the support from our sales enablement org and managers that will maintain 1:1 coaching throughout your career here.</p>
<p>Our ADRs gain an understanding of our product, community, who we sell to, why they care, and what makes us relevant. They learn how to generate a pipeline quickly and effectively as well as how to achieve a good discovery and qualification. The team is a crucial resource for sales teams across MongoDB to get great talent from. This helps us scale our teams, as well as ensure that we have a culture of meritocracy.</p>
<h3>Day to Day</h3>
<ul>
<li>Identify high-potential businesses that would be a good fit to work with MongoDB across your region</li>
<li>Work with the Sales team to develop and lead inbound and outbound campaigns from idea-generation through to qualified call</li>
<li>Develop strong sales and product knowledge</li>
<li>Interact with IT and business decision makers via telephone and email</li>
<li>Update lead and prospect activity in Salesforce to ensure effective lead management</li>
<li>Set qualified introductory meetings for the Sales team</li>
<li>Nurture early phase opportunities for future pipeline potential</li>
<li>Exceed monthly and quarterly opportunity quota</li>
<li>Build strong relationships with our marketing team and Account Executives, where we pull together to maximize the win for our business</li>
<li>Invest in your self-development, focusing on the skills and attributes that will make you successful in your core role and get you set for future success</li>
</ul>
<h3><br>What You Will Bring to the Table</h3>
<ul>
<li>A self-starter with a track record of hitting and exceeding goals</li>
<li>Outstanding communication skills in Arabic (native level) and English (fluent)</li>
<li>Time management skills and ability to work either independently or through coaching</li>
<li>Desire to work in a fast-paced and high growth environment</li>
<li>Passionate about cutting-edge technology with the aptitude to learn new and exciting IT software products, as well as, understand business critical solutions quickly&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<h3>Things We Love</h3>
<ul>
<li>Strong and progressive academic background: Bachelor’s or Master's Degree in Business or any related field</li>
<li>Proven track record of success in sales or business development or customer facing roles in a target driven environment, ideally in the tech industry</li>
<li>Familiarity with database, web server, and open source technology</li>
<li>Working experience with Salesforce.com</li>
</ul>
<h3>Why You Should Apply</h3>
<ul>
<li>Great Earning Potential&nbsp;</li>
<li>Welcoming and inclusive workplace <a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w8fOfvvUcko&amp;list=PL4RCxklHWZ9s9TQD1hPFWdOOwZuECDQb1&amp;index=39">Meet MongoDB’s Employee Affinity Groups!</a></li>
<li>Continuous career development</li>
<li>Sales training in MEDDIC and Command of the Message</li>
<li>Benefits include:&nbsp;</li>
<ul>
<li>Sales Bootcamp</li>
<li>Internal mentor and buddy program cross-departmentally</li>
</ul>
</ul>
<p>To drive the personal growth and business impact of our employees, we’re committed to developing a supportive and enriching culture for everyone.&nbsp;<a href="https://www.mongodb.com/company/blog/culture/employee-benefits-that-make-a-difference-at-mongodb">From employee affinity groups, to fertility assistance and a generous parental leave policy</a>, we value our employees’ wellbeing and want to support them along every step of their professional and personal journeys.<a href="https://www.mongodb.com/blog/channel/culture"> Learn more about what it’s like to work at MongoDB</a>, and help us make an impact on the world!</p>
<p>MongoDB is committed to providing any necessary accommodations for individuals with disabilities within our application and interview process. To request an accommodation due to a disability, please inform your recruiter.</p>
<p style="text-align: center;">MongoDB is an equal opportunities employer.</p>
<p style="text-align: left;"><em>Req ID: 425675</em></p>