<div class="content-intro"><h2><span data-sheets-root="1">About Wolt</span></h2>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">At Wolt, we create technology that brings joy, simplicity and earnings to the neighborhoods of the world. In 2014 we started with delivery of restaurant food. Now we’re building the delivery of (almost) everything and you’ll find us in over 500 cities in 30 countries around the world. In 2022 we joined forces with DoorDash and together we keep on dreaming big and expanding across the globe.<br><br>Working at Wolt isn’t always easy, but it’s definitely exciting. Here you’ll learn more, build more, and ship more than in most other companies. You’ll be challenged a lot, but also have a lot of fun on the way. So, if you’re a self-starter with drive and entrepreneurial spirit, this could be the ride of your life.</span></p></div><p>We are looking for an experienced Corporate Infrastructure Engineer who will be focused on Wolt and Doordash´s IT Infrastructure. This role will build and scale our systems to support a fully automated infrastructure by leveraging various technologies. You will work closely with several teams here at DoorDash including (but not limited to): Security, IT, Network Engineering and Enterprise Systems.</p>
<p>Our ideal candidate for this position will have the ability to identify problems and offer resolutions in a timely manner. You will be responsible for the design, development and implementation of corporate IT systems. You will report into the Manager, Infrastructure in our IT organization.</p>
<h2>What you’ll be doing</h2>
<ul>
<li>Run and maintain our corporate infrastructure hosted in AWS</li>
<li>Maintain and administer infrastructure deployment tools</li>
<li>Be self motivated to build high quality, scalable systems with cross-functional teams</li>
<li>Be able to think critically, get into the details and change directions rapidly</li>
<li>Be able to handle multiple contending priorities and effectively plan your work accordingly</li>
<li>Navigate existing technologies and quickly learn and adapt to new technologies</li>
<li>Make recommendations for the improvement and development of IT systems</li>
</ul>
<h2>Our humble expectations\*</h2>
<ul>
<li>You have 4+ years of experience in an Infrastructure Engineering role</li>
<li>You have demonstrated experience with Python, bash and other scripting fundamentals</li>
<li>AWS, Azure, Kubernetes, Docker and GCP systems/tools of high familiarity</li>
<li>You have 2+ years of experience with Infrastructure as a Code tools like Terraform, CloudFormation, Pulumi.</li>
<li>You have 2+ years of experience working with microservices</li>
<li>You understand that monitoring/observability is equally important. Experience with but not limited to tools like Prometheus, Grafana, Nagios, Datadog, Splunk.</li>
<li>You have experience in configuration management and security management</li>
<li>You are a self starter with attention to detail who understands the value in system monitoring</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Next steps</strong></h2>
<p>All applications are reviewed by a real human, so please be patient. Qualified candidates will have the opportunity to speak with a member of our recruiting team before moving on to talk with the hiring manager. This is a highly technical role so the next step will be a live scripting/coding interview, followed by chats with members of the team and cross-functional partners.</p>
<p>We are looking to fill this role as quickly as possible, but are committed to finding the right candidate who will be successful in the role</p>
<p><iframe src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/GoL541\_xj9w" width="560" height="314"></iframe></p><div class="content-conclusion"><h2><span data-sheets-root="1">Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion</span></h2>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">We’re committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. That’s why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.</span></p></div>