**Who is Sonar?**

Sonar helps prevent code quality and code security issues from reaching production, amplifies developers' productivity in concert with AI assistants, and improves the developer experience with streamlined workflows. Sonar analyzes all code, regardless of who writes it — your internal team, genAI, or third parties — resulting in more secure, reliable, and maintainable applications. Rooted in the open source community, Sonar’s solutions support over 30 programming languages, frameworks, and infrastructure technologies. Today, Sonar is used by +7M developers and 400K organizations worldwide, including the DoD, Microsoft, NASA, MasterCard, Siemens, and T-Mobile.

We believe in developing great products that are supported by great internal teams and a strong culture.  We are highly **committed** to and **obsessed** with the company, users, each other, and our open source community. We have high standards and hold each other accountable for acting with positivity, dedication, thoughtfulness, empathy, and passion daily.

We are **deliberate** with our decisions with high clarity of intention. At the same time, we feel extreme urgency and move forward quickly.

And lastly, we are highly **effective** and operationally **efficient**. We operate collectively as One Team to accomplish our goals.

At Sonar, CODE is more than just an acronym – it's a mindset that defines daily operations.

**Why You Should Apply:**

At Sonar, we’re a group of brilliant, motivated, and driven professionals working hard to help supercharge developers to build better, faster. Sonar helps to continuously improve code quality and code security while reducing developer toil. This means that developers can focus on doing more of what they love and less of what they don’t. Our solutions don’t just solve symptoms of problems – we help fix issues at the source – for all code, whether it's developer-written, AI-generated, or from third parties.

We have a dynamic culture with employees worldwide and hub offices in the USA, Switzerland, the UK, Singapore, and Germany. Team members should be able to come to work every day, work on a product they are proud of, love what they do, and feel energized by their peers. With our roots deep in the open source community, we’re all about the mission: supercharge developers to build better, faster.

**The Impact You Will Have:**

We are seeking a highly strategic and experienced Business Development professional to join Sonar as the Principal, Distribution Tech Partnerships. Reporting directly to the VP of AI and Tech Partnerships, you will spearhead Sonar's efforts in this critical domain, building deep, impactful relationships and forging partnerships with technology partners who are positioned to resell or OEM Sonar’s products. Initial target partners include IBM, Cisco, Dell, ServiceNow, Palo Alto Networks, Salesforce.com, SAP, and Oracle.

Your primary goal will be to establish integration and GTM partnerships that combine Sonar's code quality and code security products with a partner’s related products in order to create innovative solutions that can be marketed to developer and/or engineering management teams within the partner’s established and targeted customer bases. This involves defining partnership structures, negotiating licensing and collaboration agreements, and developing joint go-to-market plans.

## What You Will Do Daily:

- Strategy Development & Execution: Drive the execution of Sonar’s partnership strategy specifically with the identified distribution technology partners, aligning closely with overall company growth objectives.
- Opportunity Identification & Analysis: Identify, evaluate, and prioritize strategic partnership opportunities. Conduct market analyses of the distribution technology partner landscape, and track their efforts to include home grown or partner-based code quality and security solutions within their first party solutions.
- Relationship Building & Management: Build, nurture, and manage strong, long-term relationships with key technical, product, and business leaders at the target companies. Conduct quarterly reviews in conjunction with Sonar’s Sales and Channel Partner organizations.
- Deal Negotiation & Execution: Lead the end-to-end partnership lifecycle with selected technology resell or OEM partners. Define engagement models, draft term sheets, negotiate complex distribution agreements, align key internal stakeholders, and drive integration and GTM deals to closure.
- Cross-Functional Collaboration: Work closely with internal Sonar teams (Product Management, Engineering, Research, Legal, Marketing, Sales, Finance) to align on deal terms and construct plans for integration development, sales team enablement, sales team alignment, and transaction execution.

## The Experience You Will Need:

- 10+ years of experience in business development, strategic alliances, technology partnerships, or related fields, preferably within the cybersecurity or code security markets.
- Proven track record of successfully defining, negotiating, closing, and managing high-impact, technology-centric partnerships, particularly those with OEM and/or resell GTM motions.
- Particular experience leading complex deal negotiations, including interpreting legal documents and working collaboratively with legal counsel on terms related to co-marketing, co-sell, resale, and OEM business models.
- Demonstrated ability to engage effectively with partners at a technical level, particularly with a strong foundational knowledge of the human and agentic code development ecosystem.
- Proven experience leading (or significantly contributing to) cross-functional teams, including those with Product Management and Engineering, to orchestrate and implement complex partnerships.
- Exceptional communication, presentation, negotiation, and relationship-building skills, with experience influencing stakeholders at various levels, including senior executives.
- Ability to thrive, lead initiatives, and execute in a fast-paced, rapidly evolving, and often ambiguous technological landscape.
- MBA or advanced technical degree (e.g., MSCS, MSEE) preferred.

## Why You Will Love It Here:

- Our culture and mission set us apart. We have a dynamic work culture that values respect and kindness and embraces the right to fail (and get right back up again!).
- Great people make a great company. We value people skills as much as technical skills and strive to keep things friendly while still being passionate leaders in our domains.
- We have a flexible work policy that includes 3 days in-office and 2 days work-from-home each week for those located near our office locations; some locations such as Dubai, India, Japan and Australia operate fully remotely.
- We have a growth mindset. We love learning and believe continuous education is critical to our success. In an ever-changing industry, new skills are necessary, and we're happy to help our team acquire them.
- As the leader in our field, our products and services are as strong as our internal team members.
- We embrace transparency with regular meetings, cascading messages and updates on the growth and success of our organization.

## Benefits of Working With Sonar:

- Flexible comprehensive employee benefit package that is 90% paid by the company.
- We encourage usage of our robust time-off allocations.
- We offer an exciting 401(k) plan that has a 4% match, fully vested on day one of participation.
- Generous discretionary Company Growth Bonus, paid annually.
- Fully paid parking in the heart of downtown Austin, Texas.
- Global workforce with employees in 20+ countries representing 35+ unique nationalities.
- We have an annual kick-off somewhere in the world where we meet to build relationships and goals for the company.