<div class="content-intro"><p>Chainguard is the trusted source for open source. By delivering hardened, secure, and production-ready builds of all the open source software engineers and AI agents rely on, Chainguard helps organizations build faster, stay compliant, and eliminate risk.&nbsp;<br><br>Our customers include Fortune 500 enterprises and global industry leaders, including Anduril, Canva, Fortinet, Hewlett Packard Enterprise, OpenAI, Snap Inc., and Snowflake. <br><br>Chainguard is venture-backed by leading investors, including Amplify, IVP, Kleiner Perkins, Lightspeed Venture Partners, Mantis VC, Redpoint Ventures, Sequoia Capital, and Spark Capital.</p></div><p><strong>The role, in a nutshell:</strong></p>
<p>We are seeking a highly motivated, energetic, and results-driven Business Development Representative (BDR) to join our team. The ideal candidate will have a strong interest in cybersecurity and a proven track record of success in sales or lead generation roles. As a BDR at Chainguard, you will be responsible for prospecting, qualifying leads, and setting appointments for the sales team to help drive revenue growth.</p>
<p><strong>What you’ll do:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Prospect and identify potential clients across the DACH region in the security sales market using various lead generation techniques, such as cold calling, emailing, social media outreach, and attending industry events.</li>
<li>Conduct thorough research on prospects to identify their specific security needs, pain points, and decision-makers.</li>
<li>Generate a consistent pipeline of high-quality leads by meeting or exceeding weekly and monthly targets.</li>
<li>Qualify leads by understanding their business requirements and matching them with our security solutions and services.</li>
<li>Schedule meetings and product demos for the sales team with qualified prospects.</li>
<li>Collaborate with the sales team to develop and implement targeted sales strategies for specific industries, regions, or clients.</li>
<li>Maintain accurate and up-to-date records of prospects, leads, and customer interactions in the CRM system.</li>
<li>Stay current on industry trends, competitor offerings, and emerging security technologies to better position our solutions to prospects.</li>
<li>Attend sales training sessions and participate in team meetings to continuously improve sales skills and product knowledge.</li>
<li>Provide feedback to marketing and product teams based on prospect and customer interactions to help refine messaging and improve product offerings.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>What we're looking for:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Based in the UK or Germany.</li>
<li>German language skills (essential).</li>
<li>Bachelor's degree in business, marketing, or a related field.</li>
<li>1-3 years of experience in sales, lead generation, or business development, within the cloud native, cybersecurity or devops industry.</li>
<li>Strong communication and interpersonal skills, with the ability to build rapport and relationships with prospects and clients.</li>
<li>Proficiency in using CRM systems, preferably HubSpot CRM or Salesforce, and other sales enablement tools.</li>
<li>Excellent research, analytical, and problem-solving skills.</li>
<li>Self-motivated, goal-oriented, and able to work independently in a fast-paced, high-growth environment.</li>
<li>Demonstrated ability to meet or exceed sales targets and KPIs.</li>
<li>Familiarity with cybersecurity concepts, products, and services is a strong plus.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p><div class="content-conclusion"><h3>About Us</h3>
<p>We live and breathe our company values:</p>
<ul>
<li>We are customer obsessed — We focus on delivering solutions to our customers that create value and make their lives better.</li>
<li>We have a bias for intentional action — We prioritize, plan, try things, and fail fast.</li>
<li>We don't take ourselves too seriously (but we do serious work) — We are solving an important problem which takes focus, but we also like to enjoy the journey.</li>
<li>We trust each other and assume good intentions — We're transparent with decisions to empower team members to make well informed decisions.</li>
</ul>
<p>A few of the benefits we offer:</p>
<ul>
<li><strong>Flexible &amp; Remote-First Culture:</strong> Work remotely with team meetup opportunities, bi-annual destination summits, and a monthly stipend for coworking spaces, phone and internet costs.</li>
<li><strong>Our Approach to Equity:</strong> Receive stock options upon hire and promotion. Plus, you can participate in secondary offerings and have 10 years to exercise your options (yes, you read that correctly: 10 years!).</li>
<li><strong>100% Covered Health Insurance:</strong> We cover 100% of your health, vision and dental insurance premiums for you and your dependents. Nothing comes out of your paycheck.</li>
<li><strong>∞ Flexible Time Off:</strong> Take the time you need – to do our best work, we need to recharge and reset.</li>
<li><strong>18 Weeks Paid Parental Leave:</strong> We offer 18 weeks for birthing parents and 12 weeks for non-birthing parents, with the option to use it all at once or throughout your child's first year.</li>
</ul>
<p>If your experience is close but doesn't fulfill all requirements, please apply. We're building the best team in technology and are focused on hiring "Chainguardians" with unique backgrounds, perspectives, and experiences.</p>
<p>Chainguard is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, reproductive health decisions, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, genetic information, political views or activity, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law.</p>
<p>By submitting your application, you acknowledge that Chainguard will process your personal data in accordance with <span style="text-decoration: underline;"><a href="https://www.chainguard.dev/legal/candidate-privacy-notice">Chainguard's Global Candidate Privacy Notice</a></span>.</p>
<p>©2026 Chainguard. All Rights Reserved.</p></div>