At Sysdig, we believe cloud security isn't a compromise - it's a promise. From the start, our mission has been clear: to help organizations secure innovation in the cloud, the right way.

We created Falco, the open standard for cloud threat detection, and continue to lead the cloud security market with runtime insights, open innovation, and agentic Al. Creators of technology trusted by over 60% of the Fortune 500, Sysdig gives teams the real-time clarity to move fast and defend what matters most.

Culture matters here. We believe diversity fuels stronger ideas, and open dialogue drives sharper decisions. Recognized as a Best Place to Work and one of Deloitte's fastest-growing companies for the past 5 years, we're here to raise the standard for what cloud security and workplace culture should be.

If you have the passion to dig deeper, the desire to challenge convention, and the curiosity to build something better, Sysdig is the right place for you.

## What you will do

- Lead the design of main components related to real-time detection and response to security threats in hosts, Kubernetes, and Cloud assets.
- Build distributed and scalable services in Go to process, store and analyze customer's asset metadata and runtime insights
- Contribute to the team's scale-out effort by evolving architecture for reliability, performance, and cost-efficiency
- Collaborate with Product, Threat Research, Frontend/UX, and customer-facing teams to create features with measurable impact
- Build microservices in Go to expose API to both internal and external use cases
- Provide technical leadership and mentorship to other engineers on the team
- Contribute to the technical strategy of the product
- Participate in an on-call rotation to address any urgent issue

## What you will bring with you

- Computer science fundamentals in design, data structures, and algorithms
- Clean coding and automation practices
- 8+ years in a software engineer role, with experience in a technical leadership capacity
- Experience with cloud-native infrastructure and containerized workloads (Linux, Docker, Kubernetes)
- Operational mindset: log/metrics/tracing practices for observability and troubleshooting distributed systems
- Experience with technologies such as Postgres, Elastic, Redis and queueing systems like JetStream/Kafka

## What we look for

- Analytical approach to take technical decisions in a traffic intensive and distributed architecture
- Experience guiding technical direction and supporting the development of junior engineers

## When you join Sysdig, you can expect:

- Extra days off to prioritize your well-being
- Mental health support for you and your family through the Modern Health app
- Great compensation package

We would love for you to join us! Please reach out even if your experience doesn't perfectly match the job description. We can always explore other options after starting the conversation. Your background and passion will set you apart, especially if your career path is different.

Some of our Hiring Managers are globally distributed, an English version of your CV will be appreciated.

*Sysdig values a diverse workplace and encourages women, people of color, LGBTQIA+ individuals, people with disabilities, members of ethnic minorities, foreign-born residents, and veterans to apply. Sysdig is an equal-opportunity employer. Sysdig does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity, or any other legally protected status.*

*#LI-FP1*

*#LI-Remote*