<div class="content-intro"><p>We believe in the power of people. Because the potential for people to do something outstanding has everything to do with being in the right role, on the right team, at the right time. That’s where Mantis comes in.</p></div><p>As the Assistant to the ADP team, you'll be a vital component in driving the daily operations surrounding acquisitions, production, and development. To thrive in this position, you'll need excellent organizational skills, a keen eye for detail, and the ability to work collaboratively across teams to ensure a smooth workflow and successful execution of departmental projects.</p>
<p>While immediate advancement opportunities within the ADP Department may be limited, this position offers invaluable experience and is essential to the department's everyday functions. You will report directly to the President of Acquisitions, Development, and Production.</p>
<p>Your Day-to-Day:</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>Schedule and prioritize internal/external meetings for the department</li>
<li>Maintain meeting agendas and coordinate meeting notes, and follow-ups with key stakeholders</li>
<li>Set internal acquisitions screenings and rough cut screenings</li>
<li>RSVP and send appointments for buyer screenings</li>
<li>Coordinate and manage staff screenings for newly acquired Mantis films</li>
<li>Draft and send external housekeeping emails for new acquisitions</li>
<li>Organize and send external screeners and scripts to industry professionals, ensuring accurate and efficient delivery for promotional and review purposes</li>
<li>Registration, housing, travel, tickets and on-the-ground support for festivals and markets</li>
<li>Regular AirTable data entry/maintenance, along with other key internal departmental documents</li>
<li>Maintain Mantis' Cinando profile and any other software/subscriptions</li>
<li>Weekly trade reports</li>
<li>Organize departmental retreats</li>
<li>Manage departmental invoices and process and submit expense reports</li>
</ul><div class="content-pay-transparency"><div class="pay-input"><div class="description"><p><em>This is the national market pay scale.</em></p></div><div class="title">Salary Range</div><div class="pay-range"><span>$80,000</span><span class="divider">&mdash;</span><span>$120,000 USD</span></div></div><div class="pay-input"><div class="title">Bonus Range</div><div class="pay-range"><span>$5,000</span><span class="divider">&mdash;</span><span>$7,000 USD</span></div></div></div><div class="content-conclusion">We offer a full slate of benefits from competitive salaries, stock options, fully
paid options for health coverage (medical, dental and vision), disability coverage,
employer paid life insurance, mental health resources, financial wellness benefits,
and a fully paid parental leave program. For US-based employees, we offer flexible
vacation and a 401(k) matching program.</div>