<div class="content-intro"><p><strong>About Pinterest:</strong></p>
<p>Millions of people around the world come to our platform to find creative ideas, dream about new possibilities and plan for memories that will last a lifetime. At Pinterest, we’re on a mission to bring everyone the inspiration to create a life they love, and that starts with the people behind the product.</p>
<p>Discover a career where you ignite innovation for millions, transform passion into growth opportunities, celebrate each other’s unique experiences and embrace the&nbsp;<a href="https://www.pinterestcareers.com/our-life/pinflex/">flexibility</a> to do your best work. Creating a career you love? It’s Possible.</p>
<p>At Pinterest, AI isn't just a feature, it's a powerful partner that augments our creativity and amplifies our impact, and we’re looking for candidates who are excited to be a part of that. To get a complete picture of your experience and abilities, we’ll explore your foundational skills and how you collaborate with AI.</p>
<p>Through our interview process, what matters most is that you can always explain your approach, showing us not just what you know, but how you think. You can read more about our AI interview philosophy and how we use AI in our recruiting process <a href="https://www.pinterestcareers.com/our-philosophy-on-ai-in-hiring/">here</a>.</p></div><p>We’re looking for a Regional Agency Lead (ANZ) to help grow Pinterest’s agency business. As the primary point of contact for ANZ HoldCo agency partners, you’ll leverage executive relationships and your Pinterest ad platform expertise to inspire agencies to become Pinterest ad experts. Scaling education and product knowledge will be a big part of the role, as you will help transform our agency partners into advocates by educating them on how to leverage Pinterest’s paid and organic solutions to meet their clients’ goals. In doing so, you’ll play a key role in scaling one of the fastest growing advertising platforms in history through your agency partnerships.<br><br></p>
<p><strong>What You'll do:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Drive incremental and new business revenue with top agencies&nbsp;</li>
<li>Build relationships at the c-level and educate agencies to master the Pinterest ad platform and maximize success for their partners</li>
<li>Partner closely with Pinterest Sales Managers and leadership to execute the agency strategy in conjunction with the sales teams’ priorities</li>
<li>Working closely with our Global Agency team to identify local market opportunities.</li>
<li>Build, negotiate and close annual commercial partnerships with assigned agency networks following central guidelines and policies in collaboration with our Commercial team.</li>
<li>Prove demonstrable impact of the agency team’s work using an effective combination of metrics and market feedback</li>
<li>Continually keep agencies updated with new Pinterest ad offerings so they can present new offerings to partners</li>
<li>Track, analyze, and communicate key quantitative metrics and business trends as they relate to agency relationships</li>
<li>Work cross-functionally to help Pinterest build a world-class advertising platform</li>
<li>Utilize predictive modeling to forecast campaign performance and budget impact, enabling smarter allocation of resources for clients.</li>
<li>Advise clients on leveraging Pinterest’s AI-powered audience targeting tools to reach the most relevant users with the highest conversion potential.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>What we’re looking for:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>10+ years Digital advertising agency and agency sales experience, working specifically with media agencies to deliver quarterly revenue targets</li>
<li>Demonstrative capabilities in implementing sales strategies into the HoldCo agency network, showing a strong understanding of agency operating models and structures</li>
<li>Experience working with executive-level business and marketing leaders within agency organizations with a customer focus. An existing network of senior agency contacts is preferred.</li>
<li>Proven track record of negotiating and managing commercial partnerships, ensuring accountability from internal xfn and agency stakeholders to deliver on annual goals</li>
<li>An independent, business-focused creative thinker who is excited to work with leading agency partners</li>
<li>Excellent communication and presentation skills, attention to detail, and a bias for proactively resolving issues</li>
<li>Ability to leverage AI-powered analytics platforms to identify trends, segment audiences, and optimize campaign strategies for clients.</li>
<li>Experience utilizing AI-based creative tools to produce, test, and refine advertising content, and deliver data-backed recommendations for creative optimization.</li>
<li>Bachelor’s degree in a relevant field or equivalent experience<br><br></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Relocation Statement:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>This position is not eligible for relocation assistance. Visit our<a href="https://www.pinterestcareers.com/pinflex/"> PinFlex</a> page to learn more about our working model.<br><br></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>In-Office Requirement Statement</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>We let the type of work you do guide the collaboration style. That means we're not always working in an office, but we continue to gather for key moments of collaboration and connection.</li>
<li>This role will need to be in the office for in-person collaboration 1-2 times per week and therefore needs to be in a commutable distance from our Sydney office.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>#LI-JC11<br>#LI-HYBRID</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>Our Commitment to Inclusion:</strong></p>
<div>Pinterest is an equal opportunity employer and makes employment decisions on the basis of merit. We want to have the best qualified people in every job. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion or religious creed, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, age, marital status, status as a protected veteran, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information or characteristics (or those of a family member) or any other consideration made unlawful by applicable federal, state or local laws. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you require a medical or religious accommodation during the job application process, please complete&nbsp;<a href="https://forms.gle/sS24D4WboEKUZMQK6">this form</a>&nbsp;for support.
<div>&nbsp;</div>
</div></div>