<div class="content-intro"><p><strong>Secure Every Identity, from AI to Human<br><br></strong>Identity is the key to unlocking the potential of AI. Okta secures AI by building the trusted, neutral infrastructure that enables organizations to safely embrace this new era. This work requires a relentless drive to solve complex challenges with real-world stakes. We are looking for builders and owners who operate with speed and urgency and execute with excellence.<br><br>This is an opportunity to do career-defining work. We're all in on this mission. If you are too, let's talk.</p></div><p><strong>Get to know Okta</strong><strong><br></strong>Okta is The World’s Identity Company. We free everyone to safely use any technology—anywhere, on any device or app. Our Auth0 and Okta Platforms enable secure yet flexible access, authentication, and automation that transforms how people move through the digital world, putting Identity at the heart of business security and growthAt Okta, we celebrate a variety of perspectives and experiences. We are not looking for someone who checks every single box, we’re looking for lifelong learners and people who can make us better with their unique experiences. Join our team! We’re building a world where Identity belongs to you.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>The Okta Technical Account Management Team</strong></p>
<p>The TAM team empowers Okta customers to deliver secure, scalable, and transformative identity solutions by acting as their trusted identity coach. We drive lasting success through elevated technical maturity, proactively guiding their identity decisions and long-term identity vision. We guide a customer’s strategy for customer identity, workforce identity, and security posture while driving value in Okta’s suite of products and, ultimately, retention at contract renewal.</p>
<p><strong>The Auth0 Technical Account Manager Opportunity</strong></p>
<p>This is an exciting opportunity for an experienced technical expert to join the TAM team. This role specialises in the Auth0 platform, which is an easy-to-implement, adaptable authentication and authorization platform for Consumer and SaaS applications. Basically, we make your login experience awesome. You will be working with a portfolio of well-known brands on their Auth0 implementations as an identity coach. Building close relationships with technical stakeholders from early in the customer lifecycle, you will learn their business, goals, challenges and technical landscape, ensuring Okta delivers on a long-term strategic plan to help solve these challenges and realize the value of their Auth0 platform investment, while continuing to evolve to solve new objectives and improve security posture.</p>
<p>The ideal candidate for this role has experience in either customer business-facing or technical delivery. They exhibit both interest and adaptability to both technical and business discussions, including agility in conversation and intelligent follow-through for customers. They are able to showcase an understanding of the TAM role through concrete examples of problem solving strategies and tactics often faced in the role.</p>
<p><strong>What you’ll be doing:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Serve as a trusted Identity Coach, guiding customers to achieve their objectives through timely technical guidance, advice, enablement, and best practice sharing</li>
<li>Learn our customers’ business, gaining insights into their strategies, goals, and challenges - through the lens of identity</li>
<li>Build and nurture long-term relationships with stakeholder personas from developers, engineering leads, app builders, and product owners, through to C-level exec, evolving customers into Auth0 champions</li>
<li>Conduct quarterly customer meetings with executives to recap past value, show progress on current initiatives and future state or roadmap items</li>
<li>Conduct ad hoc customer meetings with technical practitioners on identity solutions, technical guidance and best practices</li>
<li>Monitor customer health, satisfaction, and engagement, proactively addressing risks and escalations</li>
<li>Collaborate with stakeholders to develop strategies to increase customer adoption, and uncover growth opportunities that will solidify Auth0 for the entirety of customer identity</li>
<li>Analyze trends, identify areas for improvement, and take action to optimize customer outcomes</li>
<li>Act as a product evangelist, educating customers on new features and alignment of roadmaps to enhance their experience</li>
<li>Represent the voice of the customer, ensuring their needs and feedback shape the company’s approach</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Requirements:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>3+ years of total experience in information technology, with a Bachelor’s degree; or an advanced degree without experience; or equivalent experience.</li>
<li>Familiarity in the following core CIAM areas or technical competencies:&nbsp;</li>
<ul>
<li>Technologies and protocols to support authentication and authorization (OAuth, OpenID Connect, and SAML 2.0)</li>
<li>Consuming APIs and HTTP request methods</li>
<li>High-level understanding of custom consumer and SaaS apps both web and native,&nbsp;</li>
<li>Passion for learning cybersecurity principles for IT and consumer applications</li>
<li>Experience with SaaS/PaaS/cloud-based services, driving their adoption, integration, and ongoing use</li>
<li>Basic knowledge of software development lifecycle, interest in programming languages, and application builder practices</li>
</ul>
<li>A customer-first mindset with the energy and problem-solving skills to address technical challenges and achieve customers' business and technical objectives</li>
<li>Ability to manage multiple projects simultaneously, perform customer research, generate reports, and analyze data. Strong presentation and whiteboarding/diagram skills</li>
<li>Excellent communication skills with the ability to set expectations, and communicate goals and objectives with customers at various levels, from a developer to C-level exec</li>
<li>Ability to influence customer behaviour &amp; health metrics across a portfolio of customers</li>
<li>Ability to work US Time Zone (CST)</li>
</ul>
<p>#LI-Hybrid</p>
<p>P24644\_3389011</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong><br>The Okta Experience</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><a href="http://rewards.okta.com">Supporting Your Well-Being</a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="https://www.okta.com/company/okta-for-good/">Driving Social Impact&nbsp;</a></li>
<li><a href="https://www.okta.com/company/talent-connection-community/">Developing Talent and Fostering Connection + Community</a></li>
</ul>
<p>We are intentional about connection. Our global community, spanning over 20 offices worldwide, is united by a drive to innovate. Your journey begins with an immersive, in-person onboarding experience designed to accelerate your impact and connect you to our mission and team from day one.<br><br>Okta is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, marital status, age, physical or mental disability, or status as a protected veteran. We also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and convictions records, consistent with applicable laws.<br><br>If reasonable accommodation is needed to complete any part of the job application, interview process, or onboarding please&nbsp;<a href="https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1EfiEYZrIyhA2X4Fijk0R3RKYOzNoS3wtvyM4nhbZnXE/edit">use this Form</a> to request an accommodation.<br><br>Notice for New York City Applicants &amp; Employees: Okta may use Automated Employment Decision Tools (AEDT), as defined by New York City Local Law 144, that use artificial intelligence, machine learning, or other automated processes to assist in our recruitment and hiring process. In accordance with NYC Local Law 144, if you are an applicant or employee residing in New York City, please&nbsp;<a href="https://talent.okta.com/new-york-city-aedt-notice.html">click here</a> to view our full NYC AEDT Notice.<br><br>Okta is committed to complying with applicable data privacy and security laws and regulations. For more information, please see our Personnel and Job Candidate Privacy Notice at&nbsp;<a href="https://www.okta.com/legal/personnel-policy/">https://www.okta.com/legal/personnel-policy/</a>.</p></div>