**About Pyka**

Pyka’s goal is to provide society with a new form of safe, clean, and cost-effective transportation enabled by autonomous electric aviation.

To get there, we’re taking a different approach than most. We're applying our technologies to every industry where autonomous electric aircraft can be useful, starting with the highest value and most dangerous jobs. In doing so, we're building game-changing products manufactured at scale, while perfecting the safety, reliability, and capabilities of our autonomy engine and electric propulsion systems.

We design, develop and manufacture an ecosystem of technologies including proprietary flight control software, avionics, high power density motors, motor controllers, batteries, and custom carbon-fiber composite airframes.

Today, we supply autonomous electric aircraft for cargo transport and crop protection to real-world customers across four separate continents and have secured industry-first regulatory approvals from the FAA. Our cargo aircraft enables remote connectivity, enhances express delivery networks, and ensures fast and reliable shipping of critical supplies to areas in need. Our crop protection aircraft offers agricultural services providers and farmers an autonomous tool to make aerial application safer, more precise, and less harmful to surrounding environments. Both vehicles are highly economical to operate, easy to deploy, and significantly reduce CO2 emissions in their respective industries.

What you work on at Pyka makes people’s lives better now and brings the future of electric aviation one step closer each day.

**Role Overview**

Pyka is looking for a Senior Software Engineer to join our dedicated and experienced team working on the full stack of aviation robotics.  You will have the opportunity to work on a wide range of technical problems in the fields of planning, mapping, object detection, simulation, controls, and more.  In this role you will be responsible for scoping, planning, and implementing large scale features for our autonomous aircraft and its associated ground infrastructure.  We are looking for a candidate with demonstrated skills working on complex and high abstraction problems and a great track record of delivering results.  As a senior software engineer, there are also opportunities for technical leadership and mentorship for other members of the team.

Some of the current and future projects you will likely contribute to include:

- Improving and optimizing path planning for aerial spray applications

- Building new path planning algorithms for use in long range cargo logistics missions, potentially in GPS denied environments

- Implementing on-ground taxi path planning for highly complex runway and airport scenarios

- Integrating detect and avoid systems for beyond visual line of sight flight

## Responsibilities

- Define and implement features and bug fixes within our existing C++17 and Python codebase
- Implement tests and validation of your code and help shepherd it through flight and field testing with our flight operations team
- Research and prototype new solutions to upcoming customer and product needs
- Work with the operations and product teams to define and understand requirements for new features
- Plan and maintain forward looking roadmaps for future features
- Provide technical leadership and mentorship to members of the team

## Preferred Qualifications

- 5+ years of professional experience with C++ (ideally C++11 or newer)
- Professional experience with Python
- Experience in one or more areas of: path planning, mapping, object detection, simulation, or aviation controls
- Passion for aviation
- Familiarity with robotic systems and aviation
- Working knowledge of trigonometry and linear algebra
- We understand that candidates bring different strengths and experiences, and you don’t need to meet every qualification to be considered. If this role excites you, we’d love to learn more about you. You may be a great fit even if your background doesn’t align perfectly with the list.

## Compensation & Benefits

- **$165,000 - $196,000 per year base salary + equity.** Compensation will vary depending on location, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. Hourly wage ranges are subject to change.
- Employer-sponsored health, dental and vision insurance
- FSA with employer matching
- 401(k)
- Paid holidays, generous PTO, and additional unpaid time off
- Voluntary short-term disability, long-term disability, and life insurance
- Pre-tax commuter benefits
- Free catered lunch and plenty of snacks

**Export Control Requirements**

This position requires access to technology, software and other information that is subject to governmental access control restrictions, due to export controls.  Employment in this position is conditioned on the continued availability of government authorization to authorize release of such items, to the extent required, including without limitation an export license, or other documentation required to establish authorization to receive access to such items.

Company may delay commencement of employment, rescind an offer of employment, terminate employment, and/or may modify job responsibilities, compensation, benefits, and/or access to Company facilities and information systems, as Company deems appropriate, in order to ensure compliance with applicable government access control restrictions.

--

We do not work with external recruiters; if you are an external recruiter, please do not reach out.