<div class="content-intro"><p>We are a global team of innovators and pioneers dedicated to shaping the future of observability. At New Relic, we build an intelligent platform that empowers companies to thrive in an AI-first world by giving them unparalleled insight into their complex systems. As we continue to expand our global footprint, we're looking for passionate people to join our mission. If you're ready to help the world's best companies optimize their digital applications, we invite you to explore a career with us!</p></div><p style="line-height: 1.2;"><strong>Your opportunity<br></strong></p>
<p>The Partner Sales Manager is a "hunter" role focused on accelerating <strong>Partner Sourced pipeline</strong> and revenue growth within a specific geographic territory. You will be responsible for the end-to-end activation of Value-Added Resellers (VARs) and Managed Service Providers (MSPs), shifting our posture from "partners on paper" to active, strategic revenue generators. With a key focus on SCC in France</p>
<p>By driving deep penetration into partner organizations, you will establish a fair exchange of value where partners source new opportunities and are also brought into direct sales motions to provide technical expertise and value add support.</p>
<p style="line-height: 1.2;"><strong><br>What you'll do<br></strong></p>
<ul>
<li><strong>Pipeline Generation:</strong> Drive net-new pipeline through deal registrations, evidenced by high-impact sales plays and industry-specific solutions to our ICP.</li>
<li><strong>Strategic Activation:</strong> Evolve existing tactical relationships into purposeful and intentional partnerships.</li>
<li><strong>Partner Account Penetration:</strong> Build senior-level relationships and establish a presence within partner organizations to pivot their sales posture toward New Relic.</li>
<li><strong>Sales &amp; Technical Enablement:</strong> Coordinate sales and technical enablement to ensure partners are certified and capable of evangelizing the value of Intelligent Observability.</li>
<li><em><strong>Internal Advocacy:</strong> Continually coach internal sales teams and leadership on partnering best practices to foster a positive channel culture and increase collaboration.</em></li>
</ul>
<p style="line-height: 1.2;"><strong>This role requires<br></strong></p>
<ul>
<li><strong>Fluency in French and English&nbsp;</strong></li>
<li><strong>Hunter Mindset:</strong> A self-starter who operates with urgency and thrives in a high-growth environment.</li>
<li><strong>Builder DNA:</strong> Someone who enjoys creating structure and driving change within a business unit that is scaling rapidly.</li>
<li><strong>Strategic Communicator:</strong> Capable of building working relationships with executives both inside and outside the organization.</li>
<li><strong>Resilient &amp; Results-Oriented:</strong> Able to manage competing priorities and aggressive timelines while maintaining a growth mentality.</li>
<li><em><strong>Story Teller &amp; Deal Maker:&nbsp;</strong>Someone who drives engagement by sharing customer stories and never is never afraid to get into the details of an opportunity to support closing (as an overlay sales function).</em></li>
</ul>
<p><em><br></em>Please note that visa sponsorship is not available for this position.<br><br>Qualified applicants may inquire about visa sponsorship (including transfer of a current H-1B visa), but the company does not support or sponsor O-1, F-1, or J-1 visas, or candidates who require commencement of an H-1B "cap case" petition for future work authorization. This position is to be filled as soon as possible.<em><br></em></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>#LI-RM1 #LI-Remote</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p>Fostering a diverse, welcoming and inclusive environment is important to us. We work hard to make everyone feel comfortable bringing their best, most authentic selves to work every day. We celebrate our talented Relics’ different backgrounds and abilities, and recognize the different paths they took to reach us – including nontraditional ones. Their experiences and perspectives inspire us to make our products and company the best they can be. We’re looking for people who feel connected to our mission and values, not just candidates who check off all the boxes.&nbsp;</p>
<p>If you require a reasonable accommodation to complete any part of the application or recruiting process, please reach out to <a href="mailto:resume@newrelic.com" target="\_blank">resume@newrelic.com</a>.</p>
<p>We believe in empowering all Relics to achieve professional and business success through a flexible workforce model. This model allows us to work in a variety of workplaces that best support our success, including fully office-based, fully remote, or hybrid.</p>
<p><strong>Our hiring process</strong><br><br>In compliance with applicable law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work and to complete employment eligibility verification. Note: Our stewardship of the data of thousands of customers means that a criminal background check is required to join New Relic.<br><br>We will consider qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records based on individual circumstances and in accordance with applicable law including, but not limited to, the&nbsp;<a href="https://sfgov.org/olse/sites/default/files/FCO%20poster2020.pdf" target="\_blank">San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance</a>.<br><br>Headhunters and recruitment agencies may not submit resumes/CVs through this website or directly to managers. New Relic does not accept unsolicited headhunter and agency resumes, and will not pay fees to any third-party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with New Relic.</p>
<p>New Relic develops and distributes encryption software and technology that complies with U.S. export controls and licensing requirements. Certain New Relic roles require candidates to pass an export compliance assessment as a condition of employment in any global location. If relevant, we will provide more information later in the application process.</p>
<p>Candidates are evaluated based on qualifications, regardless of race, religion, ethnicity, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender expression or identity, age, disability, neurodiversity, veteran or marital status, political viewpoint, or other legally protected characteristics.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Review our Applicant Privacy Notice at&nbsp;<a href="https://newrelic.com/termsandconditions/applicant-privacy-policy" target="\_blank">https://newrelic.com/termsandconditions/applicant-privacy-policy</a></p></div>