<h1>Tax Senior Associate</h1>
<p>Canonical is a leading provider of open source software and operating systems to the global enterprise and technology markets. Our platform, Ubuntu, is very widely used in breakthrough enterprise initiatives such as public cloud, data science, AI, engineering innovation, and IoT. Our customers include the world's leading public cloud and silicon providers, and industry leaders in many sectors. The company is a pioneer of global distributed collaboration, with 1200+ colleagues in 75+ countries and very few office-based roles. Teams meet two to four times yearly in person, in interesting locations around the world, to align on strategy and execution.</p>
<p>The company is founder-led, profitable, and growing.</p>
<p>We are hiring a&nbsp;<strong>Tax Senior Associate,</strong> reporting to the CFO. This role covers multiple Canonical corporate entities in several countries. We have a preference for candidates in EMEA time zones.</p>
<p>This is a unique opportunity for an <strong>astute and forward-thinking tax professional</strong> to build a tax function from the ground up at a profitable, fast-growing technology company. We're looking for someone with a keen interest in technology and how technology is changing the tax profession, who can translate that insight into a modern, effective strategy and hands-on execution.</p>
<p>Reporting directly to the CFO, you will <strong>design and own the tax processes</strong> that support our global expansion. Your primary challenge will be navigating the complexity of the evolving global environment in which we operate, where tax rules are constantly evolving. You will work with the CFO to establish a scalable and efficient framework fit for a dynamic, global software business—tackling everything from digital services taxes to leveraging new tax technologies.</p>
<p>In our selection process, we <strong>prioritize intellect and strategic thinking</strong> over years of experience. We are looking for someone with a strong academic background, a professional qualification in accounting and tax and demonstrable exposure to global tax considerations in a multinational context.</p>
<p><strong>Location: </strong><em>This role will be based remotely in the EMEA region, or may be office based in London, UK</em></p>
<h3><strong>The role entails</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Manage and coordinate the preparation and review of corporate tax, VAT, and other relevant tax returns for our entities, ensuring timely and accurate filings</li>
<li>Work with external advisers to develop transfer pricing documentation and tax planning initiatives and lead their implementation</li>
<li>Act as a key point of contact for tax authority audits and enquiries, preparing responses and supporting documentation in collaboration with external advisors.</li>
<li>Identify opportunities to streamline and improve tax processes, controls, and data management to enhance efficiency and accuracy particularly using technology and automation</li>
<li>Manage and run tax provisioning and reporting under IFRS, including calculating effective tax rates and preparing tax-related disclosures for financial statements</li>
<li>Work closely with the wider finance team, legal, and business operations to provide tax support and ensure cross-functional alignment</li>
<li>Monitor changes in tax legislation across the regions in which we operate and assess their potential impact on the company.</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>What we are looking for in you</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Exceptional academic track record from both high school and university</li>
<li>Undergraduate degree in business, finance, economics, technology or other quantitative field</li>
<li>Fully qualified accountant (ACA, ACCA, CIMA) and tax advisor (CTA, ADIT or equivalent)</li>
<li>A minimum of 3-5 years of relevant tax experience, gained within a Big 4/Top 10 accounting firm or a multinational in-house tax team.</li>
<li>Confidence to respectfully speak up, exchange feedback, and share ideas without hesitation</li>
<li>Track record of going above-and-beyond expectations to achieve outstanding results</li>
<li>The work ethic and confidence to shine alongside motivated colleagues</li>
<li>Professional written and spoken English with excellent presentation skills</li>
<li>Excellent interpersonal skills, curiosity, flexibility, and accountability</li>
<li>&nbsp;Strong interpersonal and communication skills, with the ability to explain complex tax concepts to non-tax stakeholders</li>
<li>Thoughtfulness and self-motivation</li>
<li>Result-oriented, with a personal drive to meet commitments</li>
<li>Ability to travel internationally twice a year for company events up to two weeks long</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>Nice-to-have skills</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Leadership ability</li>
<li>Software or tech industry experience</li>
<li>Public company finance and reporting experience</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>What we offer colleagues</strong></h3>
<p>We consider geographical location, experience, and performance in shaping compensation worldwide. We revisit compensation annually (and more often for graduates and associates) to ensure we recognize outstanding performance. In addition to base pay, we offer a performance-driven annual bonus or commission. We provide all team members with additional benefits which reflect our values and ideals. We balance our programs to meet local needs and ensure fairness globally.</p>
<ul>
<li>Distributed work environment with twice-yearly team sprints in person</li>
<li>Personal learning and development budget of USD 2,000 per year</li>
<li>Annual compensation review</li>
<li>Recognition rewards</li>
<li>Annual holiday leave</li>
<li>Maternity and paternity leave</li>
<li>Team Member Assistance Program &amp; Wellness Platform</li>
<li>Opportunity to travel to new locations to meet colleagues</li>
<li>Priority Pass and travel upgrades for long-haul company events</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>About Canonical</strong></h3>
<p>Canonical is a pioneering tech firm at the forefront of the global move to open source. As the company that publishes Ubuntu, one of the most important open-source projects and the platform for AI, IoT, and the cloud, we are changing the world of software. We recruit on a global basis and set a very high standard for people joining the company. We expect excellence; in order to succeed, we need to be the best at what we do. Most colleagues at Canonical have worked from home since our inception in 2004.​ Working here is a step into the future and will challenge you to think differently, work smarter, learn new skills, and raise your game.</p>
<p><strong>Canonical is an equal opportunity employer</strong></p>
<p>We are proud to foster a workplace free from discrimination. Diversity of experience, perspectives, and background create a better work environment and better products.<a href="https://canonical.com/careers/diversity/identity"> Whatever your identity, we will give your application fair consideration.</a></p>
<p>#LI-remote</p>
<h3>&nbsp;</h3>