<div class="content-intro"><p><strong>Who we are&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>At Twilio, we’re shaping the future of communications, all from the comfort of our homes. We deliver innovative solutions to<a class="c-link" href="https://customers.twilio.com/" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://customers.twilio.com/" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">&nbsp;hundreds of thousands of businesses&nbsp;</a>and empower millions of developers worldwide to craft personalized customer experiences.</p>
<p>Our dedication to <a class="c-link" href="https://www.twilio.com/en-us/blog/open-work" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://www.twilio.com/en-us/blog/open-work" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">remote-first work</a>, and strong culture of connection and global inclusion means that no matter your location, you’re part of a vibrant team with diverse experiences making a global impact each day. As we continue to revolutionize how the world interacts, we’re acquiring new skills and experiences that make work feel truly rewarding. Your career at Twilio is in your hands.<br><br>We use Artificial Intelligence (AI) to help make our hiring process efficient. That said, every hiring decision is made by real Twilions!</p>
<p><span style="color: rgb(255, 255, 255);">.</span></p></div><p><strong>See yourself at Twilio</strong></p>
<p>Join the team as our next Technical Support Expert 2</p>
<p><strong>About the job</strong></p>
<p>This position is needed for you to join the Support team and provide excellent technical support to users of the Email platform. Wearing the customer’s shoes is one of the core values of our company, and excellent Support is what our customers have come to expect and love about Twilio. If you are a technically savvy individual who enjoys mentoring and raising the bar, and is also customer-focused with excellent communication skills, keep reading!</p>
<p><strong>Responsibilities</strong></p>
<p>In this role, you’ll:</p>
<ul>
<li>Provide product support for a wide range of customer inquiries received via telephone, email, social media and chat.</li>
<li>Assess the nature of product or service issues and resolve a variety of complex support problems.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Log customer interactions and tag/categorize issues accordingly.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Resolve a monthly volume of tickets consistent&nbsp;</li>
<li>Be the point of escalation for middle complex issues within support, and escalate to Product and Engineering teams as necessary.</li>
<li>Identify ways to improve existing processes and procedures.</li>
<li>Mentor newer members of the Customer Support team with customer issues.</li>
<li>Contribute content to knowledge base to support team and customer enablement</li>
<li>Ensure Support SLAs and CSAT goals are consistently met, and ticket queues are well managed</li>
<li>Incident report and On Call&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Qualifications&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>Twilio values diverse experiences from all kinds of industries, and we encourage everyone who meets the required qualifications to apply. If your career is just starting or hasn't followed a traditional path, don't let that stop you from considering Twilio. We are always looking for people who will bring something new to the table!</p>
<p><strong>\*Required:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>3-4 years experience in a client-facing customer/technical support role, supporting Email, Communications, SaaS or related technologies</li>
<li>A demonstrated history of customer focus, empathy, active listening, and the ability to diplomatically address customer concerns and provide feedback</li>
<li>Experience communicating complex technical issues to both technical and non-technical audiences via phone or email</li>
<li>Strong, creative problem solving skills</li>
<li>Quick learner, willing to take initiative, and has great follow through</li>
<li>A demonstrated ability to remain calm and effective at higher workloads as well as excelling at prioritization and evaluation of situational urgency</li>
<li>A high-energy, optimistic outlook and positive attitude</li>
<li>An empathetic approach to troubleshooting and customer service</li>
<li>A demonstrated attention to detail, with the ability to quickly ramp up on new products, new technologies, and evolving customer or business needs</li>
<li>Accountability - Being willing to answer for the outcomes resulting from their own choices, behaviors, and actions. Take ownership of situations that they're involved in</li>
<li>Self Motivation - Motivated to do or achieve something because of one's own enthusiasm or interest, without needing pressure from others</li>
<li>Focus - Achieve what they set out to do before launching new initiatives. Complete company-linked goals and tasks, not simply to be busy and active</li>
<li>Experience with incident communication and on-call.</li>
<li>Experience with the following:<br>
<ul>
<li>Supporting Email (or similar) REST API’s</li>
<li>Email Deliverability&nbsp;</li>
<li>JIRA/Confluence Experience (a plus)</li>
<li>Snowflake</li>
<li>Terminals&nbsp; (command prompt)</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Desired:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Reading/Debugging HTML (a plus)</li>
<li>SQL&nbsp; (a plus)</li>
<li>Snowflake &amp; Splunk (a plus)</li>
<li>Experience with SFDC, QuickBooks, Zuora or other financial management software and financial principles a plus for some roles (Billing)</li>
<li>Postman or other APIs client</li>
<li>Zendesk is preferable&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Location</strong></p>
<p>This role will be based in Colombia, Remote.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Travel&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>We prioritize connection and opportunities to build relationships with our customers and each other. For this role, you may be required to travel occasionally to participate in project or team in-person meetings.</p>
<p><strong>What We Offer</strong></p>
<p>Working at Twilio offers many benefits, including competitive pay, generous time off, ample parental and wellness leave, healthcare, a retirement savings program, and much more. Offerings vary by location.</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>Twilio thinks big. Do you?</strong></p>
<p>We like to solve problems, take initiative, pitch in when needed, and are always up for trying new things. That's why we seek out colleagues who embody our values — something we call <a href="https://www.twilio.com/company/values">Twilio Magic</a>. Additionally, we empower employees to build <a href="https://twilio.org/support-and-resources/impact-fund">positive change in their communities</a> by supporting their volunteering and donation efforts.</p>
<p>So, if you're ready to unleash your full potential, do your best work, and be the best version of yourself, apply now! If this role isn't what you're looking for, <a href="https://www.twilio.com/company/jobs#open-positions">please consider other open positions.</a></p>
<p><strong>Twilio is proud to be an equal opportunity employer.</strong> We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, reproductive health decisions, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, genetic information, political views or activity, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Qualified applicants with arrest or conviction records will be considered for employment in accordance with the Los Angeles County Fair Chance Ordinance for Employers and the California Fair Chance Act. Additionally, Twilio participates in the E-Verify program in certain locations, as required by law.</p></div>