<div class="content-intro"><p>Isomorphic Labs is applying frontier AI to help unlock deeper scientific insights, faster breakthroughs, and life-changing medicines with an ambition to solve all disease.</p>
<p>The future is coming. A future enabled and enriched by the incredible power of machine learning. A future in which diseases are curtailed or cured starting with better and faster drug discovery.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Come and be part of an interdisciplinary team driving groundbreaking innovation and play a meaningful role in contributing towards us achieving our ambitious goals, while being a part of an inspiring and collaborative culture.</p>
<p>The world we want tomorrow is the one we’re building today. It starts with the culture at this company. It starts with you.&nbsp;</p>
<h3><strong>About Iso</strong></h3>
<p>Isomorphic Labs (IsoLabs) was launched in 2021 to advance human health by building on and beyond the Nobel-winning AlphaFold system. Since then, our interdisciplinary team of drug discovery experts and machine learning specialists has built powerful new predictive and generative AI models that accelerate scientific discovery at digital speed.</p>
<p>Our name comes from the belief that there is an underlying symmetry between biology and information science. By harnessing AI’s powerful capabilities, we can use it to model complex biological phenomena to help design novel molecules, anticipate how drugs will perform and develop innovative medicines to treat and cure some of the world’s most devastating diseases.</p>
<p>We have built a world-leading drug design engine comprising AI models that are capable of working across multiple therapeutic areas and drug modalities. We are continually innovating on model architecture and developing cutting-edge capabilities to advance rational drug design.</p>
<p>Every day, and with each new breakthrough, we’re getting closer to the promise of digital biology, and achieving our ambitious mission to one day solve all disease with the help of AI.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p></div><h3><strong>About the DMPK and Quantitative Pharmacology team</strong></h3>
<p>The DMPK and Quantitative Pharmacology team, part of the Preclinical Development group, accelerates the delivery of high quality drug candidates by developing innovative and creative AI-first solutions. By applying our domain expertise and through collaboration with the entirety of our world-class drug discovery disciplines and ML researchers, we ensure that drug-like properties are at the heart of our drug design engine. We shape the development of state-of-the-art ADME and toxicology predictive models. We rethink drug discovery from Hit ID to first-in-human (FIH) trials by optimising the context of use of these models.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<h3><strong>Your impact</strong></h3>
<p>At Isomorphic Labs, DMPK Leads drive the DMPK strategy of drug discovery and development projects to deliver high quality clinical candidates whilst using and contributing to the optimisation of state-of-the-art computational and AI ADME models.&nbsp;</p>
<p>As part of the Drug Design and Medical Research team and through close collaboration with the Technology teams, you will support the business alongside world leading AI/ML Drug Design Platform teams. You will collaborate to deliver scientific expertise and strategic direction to drive both improvements in the Platform and apply this to real drug design projects. You use your expertise in PBPK modelling to make data integration a powerful tool to accelerate drug design and preclinical development.</p>
<p>If you are a skilled and ambitious scientist looking to take the next step in your career, joining the Isomorphic Labs now will lift you out of your comfort zone and provide you with an amazing opportunity for personal growth and development.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<h3><strong>What you will do&nbsp;</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Define Iso’s PBPK strategy leading to fit for purpose models that drive drug design and accelerate accelerate preclinical development.</li>
<li>Design and implement stage-appropriate development DMPK strategies with AI-first approach, integrate the quantitative pharmacology and overall project strategies.</li>
<li>Design mechanistic experiments to support project progression in a data-driven manner.</li>
<li>Integrate DMPK, PD and toxicological data to extract decision-making information, including dose and safety window predictions.</li>
<li>Define Quantitative Pharmacology strategy in collaboration with Pharmacology Leads.</li>
<li>Optimise molecule design and formulation based on physico-chemistry and biotransformation knowledge in collaboration with Chemistry Leads.</li>
<li>Maintain knowledge of state-of-the-art technologies and methods to increase confidence in human PK prediction.</li>
<li>Author DMPK sections of regulatory documents.</li>
<li>Embrace and champion a culture of inclusion and continuous professional development.</li>
<li>Optimise the use of Iso’s datasets to address fundamental DMPK questions and advance the field.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<h3><strong>Skills and qualifications&nbsp;</strong></h3>
<h4><strong>Essential:</strong></h4>
<ul>
<li>PhD in either Pharmaceutical Science, Pharmacy, Chemistry, or another relevant subject.</li>
<li>5+ years’ professional as a DMPK Lead, solving DMPK-related problems in preclinical development with a track record of working collaboratively to deliver regulatory-ready FIH packages.</li>
<li>Practical experience in setting up automated PBPK workflows.</li>
<li>Practical experience in using PBPK to support preclinical development.</li>
<li>Practical experience developing DMPK and quantitative pharmacology packages to support early clinical development, including authoring and reviewing regulatory documents, ideally in oncology.</li>
<li>Advanced knowledge of PK and PKPD modelling.</li>
<li>Experience of partnering closely with Preclinical and Clinical teams.</li>
</ul>
<h4><strong>Nice to have:</strong></h4>
<ul>
<li>Experience with biologics, peptides and other new modalities.</li>
<li>Good understanding of machine learning techniques.</li>
<li>Familiarity with Python and KNIME.</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><h3><strong><br>Culture and values</strong></h3>
<p>We are guided by our shared values. It's not about finding people who think and act in the same way. These values help to guide our work and will continue to strengthen it.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Thoughtful<br></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">Thoughtful at Iso is about curiosity, creativity and care. It is about good people doing good, rigorous and future-making science every single day.</span></p>
<p><strong>Brave<br></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">Brave at Iso is about fearlessness, but it’s also about initiative and integrity. The scale of the challenge demands nothing less.</span></p>
<p><strong>Determined<br></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">Determined at Iso is the way we pursue our goal. It’s a confidence in our hypothesis, as well as the urgency and agility needed to deliver on it. Because disease won’t wait, so neither should we.</span></p>
<p><strong>Together<br></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">Together at Iso is about connection, collaboration across fields and catalytic relationships. It’s knowing that transformation is a group project, and remembering that what we’re doing will have a real impact on real people everywhere.</span></p>
<h3><strong><br>Creating an extraordinary company</strong></h3>
<p>We believe that to be successful we need a team with a range of skills and talents. We're building an environment where collaboration is fundamental, learning is shared and every employee feels supported and able to thrive. We value unique experiences, knowledge, backgrounds, and perspectives, and harness these qualities to create extraordinary impact.</p>
<p>We are committed to equal employment opportunities regardless of sex, race, religion or belief, ethnic or national origin, disability, age, citizenship, marital, domestic or civil partnership status, sexual orientation, gender identity, pregnancy or related condition (including breastfeeding) or any other basis protected by applicable law. If you have a disability or additional need that requires accommodation, please do not hesitate to let us know.</p>
<h3><strong><br>Hybrid working</strong></h3>
<p>It’s hugely important for us to share knowledge and build strong relationships with each other, and we find it easier to do this if we spend time together in person. This is why we follow a hybrid model, and <strong>would require you to be able to come into the office 3 days a week</strong> (currently Tuesday, Wednesday, and one other day depending on which team you’re in). If you have additional needs that would prevent you from following this hybrid approach, we’d be happy to talk through these if you’re selected for an initial screening call.</p>
<p><strong>Please note that when you submit an application, your data will be processed in line with our <a href="https://www.isomorphiclabs.com/applicant-and-candidate-privacy-policy" target="\_blank">privacy policy</a>.</strong></p>
<p><br>&gt;&gt; <a href="https://www.isomorphiclabs.com/work-with-us#current-job-openings">Click to view other open roles at Isomorphic Labs</a></p></div>