<h2><strong>About Graphcore&nbsp;</strong></h2>
<p>Graphcore&nbsp;is one of the world’s leading innovators in Artificial Intelligence compute. &nbsp;</p>
<p>It is developing hardware, software and systems infrastructure that will unlock the next generation of AI breakthroughs and power the widespread adoption of AI solutions across every industry. &nbsp;</p>
<p>As part of the SoftBank Group,&nbsp;Graphcore is a member of an elite family of companies responsible for some of the world’s most transformative technologies. Together, they share a bold vision: to enable Artificial Super Intelligence and ensure its benefits are accessible to everyone.  &nbsp;</p>
<p>Graphcore’s teams are drawn from diverse backgrounds and bring a broad range of skills and perspectives. A melting pot of AI research specialists, silicon designers, software engineers and systems architects, Graphcore enjoys a culture of continuous learning and constant innovation. &nbsp;</p>
<h2><strong>Job Summary</strong>&nbsp;</h2>
<p>We are looking for a Director of Software Architect to lead the architectural vision of the software stack for the Graphcore ML accelerator.</p>
<p>In this role, you lead an architecture team that will define the software architecture for Graphcore products.</p>
<p>You are a thought leader and an advocate for our long-term technical vision, engaging with project stakeholder, external partners and customers to ensure alignment and clarity.</p>
<p>You are an excellent communicator, and you proactively convey architectural decisions and changes as the product evolves.</p>
<h2><strong>The Team</strong>&nbsp;</h2>
<p>The software architecture team is responsible for defining, maintaining and communicating the overarching architecture of our software stack, from firmware to ML frameworks.</p>
<p>The team works within the wider software organisation, partnering closely with engineering teams who deliver against this architectural vision.&nbsp;</p>
<h3><strong>Responsibilities and Duties</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Communicate the long-term technical vision &amp; strategy for the software architecture</li>
<li>Define the processes and procedures to define, agree and maintain the software architecture.</li>
<li>Act as an advocate and thought leader for the long-term technical vision across the organisation.</li>
<li>Advocate for the user experience to ensure that the software architecture results in a software stack that is easy to use.&nbsp;&nbsp;</li>
<li>Manage technical and project-level architectural risks.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Work closely with engineering, product, leadership, and partners to ensure alignment between business goals and architectural vision.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Inspire, grow, mentor and develop the software architecture team.</li>
<li>Clearly communicate the trade off’s for architectural decisions that have company wide impacts.</li>
<li>Stay informed about trends and developments in the ML/software ecosystem.</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Candidate Profile</strong></h2>
<h3><strong>Essential:</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Proven experience in a leadership role.</li>
<li>Experience of working with silicon and hardware teams.</li>
<li>Technical expertise in the ML accelerator software space.</li>
<li>Excellent communication skill, both written and verbal.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Collaborative mindset and ability to influence.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Pragmatic approach to decision making, being very aware of trade-offs and implications.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Experience in one or more of these technologies; Firmware, Drivers, ML frameworks (PyTorch, Triton, etc), Collectives, HPC, Tooling, C &amp; C++, CPU architectures.</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>Desirable</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Demonstrable experience in a previous architecture role.&nbsp;<br><br>
<h2><strong>Benefits</strong></h2>
<p>In addition to a competitive salary, Graphcore offers flexible working, a generous annual leave policy, private medical insurance and health cash plan, a dental plan, pension (matched up to 5%), life assurance and income protection. We have a generous parental leave policy and an employee assistance programme (which includes health, mental wellbeing, and bereavement support). We offer a range of healthy food and snacks at our central Bristol office and have our own barista bar! We welcome people of different backgrounds and experiences; we’re committed to building an inclusive work environment that makes Graphcore a great home for everyone. We offer an equal opportunity process and understand that there are visible and invisible differences in all of us. We can provide a flexible approach to interview and encourage you to chat to us if you require any reasonable adjustments.</p>
<p><em data-stringify-type="italic">Applicants for this position must hold the right to work in the UK. Unfortunately at this time, we are unable to provide visa sponsorship or support for visa applications</em></p>
</li>
</ul>