<p>QphoX is looking for a <strong>Technical Sales Lead</strong> to join us in delivering solutions to scale quantum computing. In order to achieve our mission, we are looking for enthusiastic candidates who can take the lead on customer discovery, relationship building, and driving early-stage sales engagement.</p>
<p>Joining a dynamic team with a rich diversity of backgrounds and nationalities, you'll be at the forefront of engaging with our customers and supporting them with our cutting edge solutions. You will also provide valuable feedback of our customers requirements to our technical teams and will play a key role in shaping the future of our technology.</p>
<p><strong>You will be involved in:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Engaging with potential customers to understand their needs and challenges</li>
<li>Finding and reaching out to new leads across different industries</li>
<li>Coordinating technical discussions between potential customers and internal teams</li>
<li>Translating customer requirements into actionable product feedback</li>
<li>Working with leadership to shape and test go-to-market plans</li>
<li>Representing QphoX at conferences, events and trade fairs</li>
<li>Creating simple and clear materials to explain our technology to different audiences</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Skills and knowledge you will bring to QphoX:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>MSc or PhD in Engineering, Physics, or other technical disciplines</li>
<li>5+ years of relevant experience in sales, business development or customer-facing roles</li>
<li>Strong interpersonal and communication skills, both written and verbal</li>
<li>Comfortable explaining general technical concepts to non-experts and vice versa</li>
<li>Ability to work collaboratively with engineers, scientists and technicians with a wide range of expertise</li>
<li>Experience drafting business proposals or sales decks</li>
<li>Good organizational and planning skills to achieve set goals on time</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Supplementary skills set:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Understanding of deep tech, quantum, photonics or semiconductors (a strong plus, but not required)</li>
<li>Experience working in or with startup companies</li>
<li>Understanding of academic or industrial R&amp;D landscapes</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Our Ideal Candidate:</strong></p>
<p>You are energized by talking to people, learning about their problems and matching those with emerging technologies. You feel comfortable stepping into new domains, asking smart questions and helping a technical team stay focused on product-market fit.</p>
<p>Teamwork is an essential value of our company, hence fitting into the team is crucial. Finally, you would have to feel positive working in fast-paced learning environment.</p>
<p>We strongly encourage people of any underrepresented group to apply as we are committed to diversity and work to build an inclusive environment where all people, regardless of gender, race, religion, or background, can thrive.</p>
<p><strong>Benefits and other perks of working with us:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Competitive salary</li>
<li>Employment stock ownership plan</li>
<li>End-year performance-based bonus</li>
<li>25 days of holidays on a full-time basis</li>
<li>Career growth opportunities</li>
<li>Opportunities to network and connect</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>About us:</strong></p>
<p>At QphoX we strive to be an inclusive place where a diverse mix of talented people want to come, to learn, to live their passion and do their best work.</p>
<p>We are dedicated to promoting equality, creating a safe environment for everyone, and believe deeply in diversity of race, gender, sexual orientation, religion, ethnicity, national origin, age, socioeconomic background and all the other fascinating characteristics that make us different. We truly think diversity is a strength and working in a diverse environment, and being exposed to a variety of perspectives makes us stronger as a team and better human beings.</p>