<h2><strong>Who we are </strong></h2>
<h3><strong>About Bridge</strong></h3>
<p>Bridge is Stripe’s fintech innovation hub focused on building a modern, stablecoin-powered cross-border payments network. We operate like a startup within Stripe: fast-paced, entrepreneurial, and product-obsessed, but with the backing of one of the most trusted names in fintech.</p>
<p>We’re hiring a<strong> Security Engineer</strong> to build and scale Bridge’s security foundation. This is a rare opportunity to design a security program from the ground up, while also leveraging the infrastructure, best practices, and tooling of one of the most mature security organizations in the industry.</p>
<h2><strong>What you’ll do</strong></h2>
<h3><strong>Responsibilities</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Design, and implement Bridge’s security roadmap from first principles to production.</li>
<li>Identify and tackle Bridge’s most important security risks quickly and pragmatically.</li>
<li>Integrate with Stripe’s infrastructure where it makes sense, and find custom solutions where it doesn’t.</li>
<li>Lead threat modeling and hardening efforts for Bridge’s money movement systems in collaboration with crypto and infra teams.</li>
<li>Build key security capabilities (monitoring, secrets management, incident response, access controls, CI/CD hardening, etc).</li>
<li>Reinforce engineering best practices around secure development and infrastructure.</li>
<li>Ensure Bridge meets compliance and audit expectations as we scale to more regulated markets.</li>
<li>Collaborate cross-functionally with engineering, product, and Stripe’s security org to move fast without compromising safety.</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>About you</strong></h2>
<p>You might be a good fit if you:</p>
<ul>
<li>Have 8+ years of experience in Security engineering, ideally with time spent in fast-paced startup environments where you’ve built security practices from the ground up.</li>
<li>Have a startup mindset: you’re scrappy, pragmatic, and move quickly to solve the most critical problems.</li>
<li>Are comfortable writing and debugging backend application code (Ruby is a plus, but not required).</li>
<li>Thrive in ambiguity and know how to ruthlessly prioritize.</li>
<li>Can balance security rigor with speed, especially in fast-moving environments.</li>
<li>Communicate clearly across technical and non-technical partners.</li>
<li>Have experience building or scaling security programs, either at a startup or in an embedded role.</li>
<li>Are excited about the potential of crypto and stablecoins to power global financial infrastructure (you don’t need deep prior knowledge—just curiosity and openness to learn).</li>
</ul>