<h3><strong></strong></h3>
<p>Canonical is a leading provider of open source software and operating systems to the global enterprise and technology markets. Our platform, Ubuntu, is very widely used in breakthrough enterprise initiatives such as public cloud, data science, AI, engineering innovation, and IoT. Our customers include the world's leading public cloud and silicon providers, and industry leaders in many sectors. The company is a pioneer of global distributed collaboration, with 1200+ colleagues in 75+ countries and very few office-based roles. Teams meet two to four times yearly in person, in interesting locations around the world, to align on strategy and execution.</p>
<p>The company is founder-led, profitable, and growing.</p>
<h3><strong></strong></h3>
<h3><strong>The role of a Revenue Accountant at Canonical:</strong></h3>
<p>If you are passionate about the technology industry and want to work for a company that aligns with your interests, we might be the place for you! Canonical, and our world class Ubuntu product, attracts some of the leading talent from around the world. Come and work with exceptional people and advance your career in Finance!&nbsp;</p>
<p>Our Finance team is growing and it's a really exciting time to join the team. We are looking for bright, motivated people who have a passion for making a difference. You will be seeking an opportunity to drive process improvements and change, input your ideas and truly contribute to a highly productive team.&nbsp;</p>
<p>We are looking for an exceptional Accountant with IFRS 15 experience to help us ready the business for public market scrutiny through our planned IPO.&nbsp; The right candidate will have domain expertise and a passion for IFRS 15 or ASC 606.&nbsp;&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Location:&nbsp;</strong>This role may be office based in London, or Remote in EMEA Time Zones.&nbsp;</p>
<h3>What your day will look like</h3>
<ul>
<li>Assist in the month end reporting process to deliver timely and accurate information</li>
<li>Have full responsibility for a part of the revenue recognition process relevant to your strengths</li>
<li>Assist with the year end audit process and statutory reporting</li>
<li>Support the finance team's wider plans to prepare for an IPO</li>
<li>Improve the efficiency of financial processes and procedures and monitor compliance</li>
<li>Share knowledge between team members to ensure cover is available when needed</li>
<li>Actively develop your own skills to ensure current knowledge of applicable standards and regulations</li>
<li>Establish strong relationships with key colleagues outside the wider finance team</li>
</ul>
<h3>What we are looking for in you</h3>
<ul>
<li>Exceptional academic track record and subsequent career performance</li>
<li>Bachelor's degree in Accounting or equivalent</li>
<li>Qualified accountant (ACCA, ACA, ACMA, CPA, etc.)</li>
<li>IFRS 15/ASC 606 revenue recognition experience</li>
<li>Experience at a large public accounting firm, or public multinational corporate accounting department preferred</li>
<li>NetSuite or similar systems experience a plus</li>
<li>Willingness to travel up to four times per year</li>
</ul>
<h3></h3>
<h3><strong>What we offer colleagues</strong></h3>
<p>We consider geographical location, experience, and performance in shaping compensation worldwide. We revisit compensation annually (and more often for graduates and associates) to ensure we recognize outstanding performance. In addition to base pay, we offer a performance-driven annual bonus or commission. We provide all team members with additional benefits which reflect our values and ideals. We balance our programs to meet local needs and ensure fairness globally.</p>
<ul>
<li>Distributed work environment with twice-yearly team sprints in person</li>
<li>Personal learning and development budget of USD 2,000 per year</li>
<li>Annual compensation review</li>
<li>Recognition rewards</li>
<li>Annual holiday leave</li>
<li>Maternity and paternity leave</li>
<li>Team Member Assistance Program &amp; Wellness Platform</li>
<li>Opportunity to travel to new locations to meet colleagues</li>
<li>Priority Pass and travel upgrades for long-haul company events</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>About Canonical</strong></h3>
<p>Canonical is a pioneering tech firm at the forefront of the global move to open source. As the company that publishes Ubuntu, one of the most important open-source projects and the platform for AI, IoT, and the cloud, we are changing the world of software. We recruit on a global basis and set a very high standard for people joining the company. We expect excellence; in order to succeed, we need to be the best at what we do. Most colleagues at Canonical have worked from home since our inception in 2004.​ Working here is a step into the future and will challenge you to think differently, work smarter, learn new skills, and raise your game.</p>
<p><strong>Canonical is an equal opportunity employer</strong></p>
<p>We are proud to foster a workplace free from discrimination. Diversity of experience, perspectives, and background create a better work environment and better products.<a href="https://canonical.com/careers/diversity/identity">&nbsp;Whatever your identity, we will give your application fair consideration.</a></p>
<p>#LI-remote</p>
<h3></h3>