<div class="content-intro"><h2><span data-sheets-root="1">About Wolt</span></h2>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">At Wolt, we create technology that brings joy, simplicity and earnings to the neighborhoods of the world. In 2014 we started with delivery of restaurant food. Now we’re building the delivery of (almost) everything and you’ll find us in over 500 cities in 30 countries around the world. In 2022 we joined forces with DoorDash and together we keep on dreaming big and expanding across the globe.<br><br>Working at Wolt isn’t always easy, but it’s definitely exciting. Here you’ll learn more, build more, and ship more than in most other companies. You’ll be challenged a lot, but also have a lot of fun on the way. So, if you’re a self-starter with drive and entrepreneurial spirit, this could be the ride of your life.</span></p></div><p>We are looking for a motivated and experienced Merchant Account Development Manager to drive growth and revenue across our merchant network. This is a strategic role where you will be responsible for developing and implementing local growth strategies and building strong relationships with key industry players.</p>
<p>As a Merchant Account Development Manager, you will act as a strategic partner and growth driver for our merchants - developing tailored advertising and promotion strategies that align with their and our business goals. You will work closely with cross-functional teams, analyze performance, and identify new opportunities to strengthen our presence and drive growth for our merchants. This role calls for a hands-on mentality and a sales mindset, as we continue to build and shape many of our initiatives from the ground up.</p>
<h2><strong>Responsibilities</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Develop, scale and execute the local Ads &amp; Promos strategy across restaurant and retail partners, including budget ownership and prioritization&nbsp;</li>
<li>Identify growth opportunities and translate them into actionable commercial plans with GOV impact&nbsp;</li>
<li>Lead and support strategic B2B conversations, business reviews, and negotiations as the Ads &amp; Promos expert&nbsp;</li>
<li>Coach and motivate a team of high performing account managers in executing high-impact Ad and promo campaigns, ensuring budget discipline, strong performance and Merchant growth</li>
<li>Collaborate with cross-functional teams, including product, marketing, and sales to ensure business objectives are met</li>
<li>Connect global and local initiatives and adapt the strategy together with Marketing for our local market</li>
<li>Set up, manage, and optimize ads and promo campaigns; monitor KPIs and performance using Looker</li>
<li>Translate data into clear actions and recommendations for local and global stakeholders</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Our humble expectations</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Fluency in German and English</li>
<li>2+ years of account management, sales or marketing experience in a high-growth, data-driven B2B environment</li>
<li>Proven track record of exceeding revenue targets and managing complex negotiations</li>
<li>Strong communication and presentation skills, with the ability to influence</li>
<li>Analytical mindset with the ability to extract meaningful insights, and implement data-driven campaign optimizations, as well as using AI in your daily work</li>
<li>Proficient in CRM tools (e.g., Salesforce) and sales reporting (Looker)</li>
<li>Strong project management and strategic thinking skills, including budget ownership and forecasting</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Bonus points</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Experience in retail media / advertising (Performance and / or Paid Media Marketing)</li>
<li>Prior enterprise client work</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>What we offer</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>🌍 Independent work in a dynamic, international team</li>
<li>💙 Employee Assistance Programme - therapy and wellbeing</li>
<li>% Discount on your Wolt orders</li>
<li>🏋️ My Clubs partnership with discounted rates for your monthly sports program</li>
<li>💻 Modern work equipment</li>
<li>🏡 Hybrid working (2 home office days per week)</li>
<li>🙌🏼 Team building, sport and company events multiple times a year</li>
</ul>
<p>We offer an attractive salary starting at 54.875,38€ p.a. (40h/week) which is adjusted and increased depending how well you go through the process.</p>
<h2><strong>Next steps</strong></h2>
<p>If you are excited about working in a high-growth environment, taking ownership, and being part of an extremely ambitious team, then click below to apply and get the conversation going!</p>
<p>Please note that we do not accept applications coming through email due to GDPR. Make sure to apply through our careers page, and <strong>submit your application in English</strong>!&nbsp;</p>
<h2>Compensation</h2>
<p>The successful candidate’s starting pay will fall within the pay range listed below and is determined based on factors such as the candidate’s skills, experience and qualifications. Please note, that the starting pay may vary if the candidate does not fully meet the expectations as outlined in this job posting.&nbsp;</p>
<p>The salary below is the monthly salary range for this position.&nbsp;</p>
<p>To learn more about our benefits, please do not hesitate to bring this up with our Talent Acquisition Partner!</p>
<p><iframe src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/GoL541\_xj9w" width="560" height="314"></iframe></p><div class="content-pay-transparency"><div class="pay-input"><div class="title">Austria Pay Range:</div><div class="pay-range"><span>€4.092</span><span class="divider">&mdash;</span><span>€6.138 EUR</span></div></div></div><div class="content-conclusion"><h2><span data-sheets-root="1">Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion</span></h2>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">We’re committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. That’s why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.</span></p></div>