<p><strong>This is Adyen</strong></p>
<p>Adyen provides payments, data, and financial products in a single solution for customers like Meta, Uber, H&amp;M, and Microsoft - making us the financial technology platform of choice. At Adyen, everything we do is engineered for ambition.&nbsp;</p>
<p>For our teams, we create an environment with opportunities for our people to succeed, backed by the culture and support to ensure they are enabled to truly own their careers. We are motivated individuals who tackle unique technical challenges at scale and solve them as a team. Together, we deliver innovative and ethical solutions that help businesses achieve their ambitions faster.</p>
<p><strong>Senior Linux Infrastructure Engineer</strong></p>
<p>You will join a team of experienced system engineers who are responsible for designing, implementing, maintaining and automating our load balancers, DNS, proxies and other critical infrastructure services while focusing on reducing engineering operational toil using automation, increasing reliability and aligning infrastructure decisions with the company objectives.</p>
<p>You will work on a range of tools, infrastructure and services - new and existing - with an aim to elegantly and efficiently solve problems and deliver practical, maintainable and scalable solutions.</p>
<p><strong>What you’ll do</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Maintain critical on-prem infrastructure powered by open source</li>
<li>Optimize our load balancing infrastructure, ensuring our services remain highly available, reliable and responsive even during traffic spikes</li>
<li>Automate time-consuming manual tasks into efficient, one-click operations, freeing up your team to focus on strategic initiatives</li>
<li>Collaborate with product managers and developers to understand upcoming features, translating their needs into robust infrastructure solutions that scale</li>
<li>Work cross-functionally with SRE teams and other infrastructure teams within Platform Engineering</li>
<li>Participate in architectural discussions, leveraging your experience to influence key decisions that align our infrastructure with long-term business goals</li>
<li>Maintain DNS and a number of other critical services</li>
<li>Drive innovation and improvement of our Adyen Platform</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Who you are&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>You have 8+ years of relevant work experience</li>
<li>You have managed DNS in complex environments</li>
<li>You are proficient with Linux and can deep dive while troubleshooting complex problems</li>
<li>You have a good understanding of distributed systems</li>
<li>You have demonstrable experience in driving and delivering complex projects</li>
<li>You have great communication skills</li>
<li>You are a mentor to others</li>
<li>You have a future-oriented mindset</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Technical Skills &amp; Experience</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Strong expertise in managing Linux-based systems, their observability, troubleshooting and tuning</li>
<li>Strong understanding of networking concepts, layers and related protocols such as TCP/IP and TLS</li>
<li>Experience with managing DNS solutions such as PowerDNS or Bind</li>
<li>Experience with TLS certificate lifecycle management</li>
<li>Experience with managing CDNs as a service provider</li>
<li>Experience with configuration management tools such as Ansible and Puppet</li>
<li>Proficiency in scripting languages such as Bash or Python</li>
<li>Good understanding of system and service observability&nbsp;</li>
<li>Experience in system design</li>
<li>Experience in building and maintaining large distributed systems</li>
<li>Ability to plan, drive and deliver complex projects</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Nice to have</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Experience with open source load balancing and proxy technologies such as HAProxy and Squid</li>
<li>Experience with CI/CD</li>
<li>Experience with virtualization&nbsp;</li>
<li>Experience with containers and container orchestration platforms</li>
<li>Knowledge of programming in Golang</li>
<li>Experience with incident management</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Our Diversity, Equity and Inclusion commitments&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>Our unique approach is a product of our diverse perspectives. This diversity of backgrounds and cultures is essential in helping us maintain our momentum. Our business and technical challenges are unique, and we need as many different voices as possible to join us in solving them - voices like yours. No matter who you are or where you’re from, we welcome you to be your true self at Adyen.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Studies show that women and members of underrepresented communities apply for jobs only if they meet 100% of the qualifications. Does this sound like you? If so, Adyen encourages you to reconsider and apply. We look forward to your application!</p>
<p><strong>What’s next?</strong></p>
<p>Ensuring a smooth and enjoyable candidate experience is critical for us. We aim to get back to you regarding your application within 5 business days. Our interview process tends to take about 4 weeks to complete, but may fluctuate depending on the role.<a href="https://careers.adyen.com/how-we-hire"> Learn more about our hiring process here</a>. Don’t be afraid to let us know if you need more flexibility.</p>
<p>This role is based out of our Amsterdam office. We are an office-first company and value in-person collaboration; we do not offer remote-only roles.</p>