<h2><strong>About us<span class="Apple-converted-space">&nbsp;</span></strong></h2>
<p>Graphcore is one of the world’s leading innovators in Artificial Intelligence compute.<span class="Apple-converted-space">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p>It is developing hardware, software and systems infrastructure that will unlock the next generation of AI breakthroughs and power the widespread adoption of AI solutions across every industry.<span class="Apple-converted-space">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p>As part of the SoftBank Group, Graphcore is a member of an elite family of companies responsible for some of the world’s most transformative technologies. Together, they share a bold vision: to enable Artificial Super Intelligence and ensure its benefits are accessible to everyone.<span class="Apple-converted-space">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p>Graphcore’s teams are drawn from diverse backgrounds and bring a broad range of skills and perspectives. A melting pot of AI research specialists, silicon designers, software engineers and systems architects, Graphcore enjoys a culture of continuous learning and constant innovation.<span class="Apple-converted-space">&nbsp;</span></p>
<h2><strong>Job Summary<span class="Apple-converted-space">&nbsp;</span></strong></h2>
<p>As a member of the Modelling team you will contribute to the planning, design, implementation and testing of software implementation of the upcoming AI hardware. You will also help other teams to integrate future versions of hardware and help them to scale out distributed modelling environments. You will report to modelling team manager.<span class="Apple-converted-space">&nbsp;</span></p>
<h2><strong>The Team</strong></h2>
<p>The Modelling team forms a part of larger frameworks group – working closely with framework engineers developing Graphcore’s cutting edge AI solution. The Modelling team is also working on the integration of modelling and profiling capabilities into the ML stack.<span class="Apple-converted-space">&nbsp;</span></p>
<h2><strong>Responsibilities and Duties</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Supporting the design, implementation, testing and documentation of the future hardware at the highest standard using C/C++/Python programming languages</li>
<li>Participate in agile development – working as part of a scrum team to develop the right software at pace</li>
<li>Communicate effectively and contribute regularly to technical discussions with your peers in software and hardware engineering, with architects and other stakeholders</li>
<li>Hands-on during key product development phases involving close working with framework teams to enable fast time to market delivery</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Candidate Profile<span class="Apple-converted-space">&nbsp;</span></strong></h2>
<p><strong>Essential:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Bachelor or Master's degree in Computer Science, Maths, Machine Learning, Data Science, or related field</li>
<li>Good C++ knowledge</li>
<li>Good understanding of lower-level software stack and interactions with the hardware layer</li>
<li>Possess effective problem-solving skills, familiar with a full suite of debug and performance analysis tools and techniques</li>
<li>Excellent written and verbal communication skills, work well within a multinational team and with multinational customers. Excellent cultural awareness is essential.</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Desirable:</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Previous hardware simulation or modelling experience.</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Benefits</strong></h2>
<p>In addition to a competitive salary, Graphcore offers flexible working, a generous annual leave policy, private medical insurance and health cash plan, a dental plan, pension (matched up to 5%), life assurance and income protection. We have a generous parental leave policy and an employee assistance programme (which includes health, mental wellbeing, and bereavement support). We offer a range of healthy food and snacks at our central Bristol office and have our own barista bar! We welcome people of different backgrounds and experiences; we’re committed to building an inclusive work environment that makes Graphcore a great home for everyone. We offer an equal opportunity process and understand that there are visible and invisible differences in all of us. We can provide a flexible approach to interview and encourage you to chat to us if you require any reasonable adjustments.<span class="Apple-converted-space">&nbsp;</span></p>