<div class="content-intro"><p><strong>Secure Every Identity, from AI to Human<br><br></strong>Identity is the key to unlocking the potential of AI. Okta secures AI by building the trusted, neutral infrastructure that enables organizations to safely embrace this new era. This work requires a relentless drive to solve complex challenges with real-world stakes. We are looking for builders and owners who operate with speed and urgency and execute with excellence.<br><br>This is an opportunity to do career-defining work. We're all in on this mission. If you are too, let's talk.</p></div><p><strong>About the Internship:</strong></p>
<p>The Digital Success team helps Okta customers of all sizes adopt our platform and maximize their investment. We bridge the gap between customer pain points and tangible value, guiding companies from onboarding to a successful renewal.</p>
<p>As a Digital Success Intern focusing on Automated Field Insights, you will play a pivotal role in our ability to scale value realization by leveraging cutting-edge automation and AI to deliver insights at scale. Throughout your internship, you will contribute to high-impact projects leveraged by our customer-facing teams, directly influencing how our customers perceive value.</p>
<p><strong>What You’ll Get to Do:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Content Audit &amp; Optimization: Lead the end-to-end audit of our automated presentation decks. You’ll ensure content is current, on-brand, and consistent across our decks and Highspot, collaborating cross-functionally to maintain a "single source of truth" while identifying ways to better use AI to maintain content over time.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Customer Sentiment &amp; Gong Analysis: Dive deep into Gong data to analyze customer calls. You will identify emerging business goals (specifically around AI adoption), uncover recurring themes, and compare these insights against our current Matik content to recommend high-impact updates.</li>
<li>AI Functionality Deep-Dive: Act as the team’s "AI Scout" by exploring Platform AI capabilities. You will evaluate and build internal use cases for AI Insights, AI Query Builder, and email to streamline our digital success motion.</li>
<li>Strategic Execution: Identify iterative improvements for existing programs based on product usage data and feedback from the broader Customer Success organization.</li>
<li>Stakeholder Presentation: Conclude your internship by presenting your findings, AI recommendations, and project impact to Okta leadership and key stakeholders.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Who We are Looking For</strong>:</p>
<ul>
<li>Education: Rising senior pursuing a Bachelor’s degree or higher (Business, Marketing, Data Science, or Communications preferred).
<ul>
<li>Graduating Dec 2026 or Spring 2027</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Analytical Mindset: You enjoy "connecting the dots" between raw data and customer stories, and have a high level of attention to detail.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Technical Curiosity: A genuine interest in Identity Security and the intersection of AI and Customer Success.</li>
<li>Collaboration: Proven ability to work across teams like Marketing, Product, and Operations.</li>
<li>Communication: Strong copywriting skills with an eye for design consistency and brand voice.</li>
<li>Bonus Points: Familiarity with Data Visualization and Customer Success Software (e.g. Matik, Gong, Gainsight, Pendo, or Tableau).</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Okta’s Intern Program</strong></p>
<p>As an intern, you’ll do real work that matters. While you’re on board, you’ll work on meaningful projects and have an opportunity to see what working at Okta is all about. You’ll also have the support of your mentor and manager to help you develop new skills.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Our interns have the opportunity to build a strong community - with their fellow interns, within their teams, and with the broader company. We want you to grow professionally and you’ll do that through participating in events like our Executive Speaker Series and Brown Bags.&nbsp; And of course, we want you to have fun, too. Our internship program includes exciting opportunities to connect with your cohort beyond the office through fun and classic local outings.</p>
<p>#LI-Hybrid</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong><br>The Okta Experience</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><a href="http://rewards.okta.com">Supporting Your Well-Being</a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="https://www.okta.com/company/okta-for-good/">Driving Social Impact&nbsp;</a></li>
<li><a href="https://www.okta.com/company/talent-connection-community/">Developing Talent and Fostering Connection + Community</a></li>
</ul>
<p>We are intentional about connection. Our global community, spanning over 20 offices worldwide, is united by a drive to innovate. Your journey begins with an immersive, in-person onboarding experience designed to accelerate your impact and connect you to our mission and team from day one.<br><br>Okta is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, marital status, age, physical or mental disability, or status as a protected veteran. We also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and convictions records, consistent with applicable laws.<br><br>If reasonable accommodation is needed to complete any part of the job application, interview process, or onboarding please&nbsp;<a href="https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1EfiEYZrIyhA2X4Fijk0R3RKYOzNoS3wtvyM4nhbZnXE/edit">use this Form</a> to request an accommodation.<br><br>Notice for New York City Applicants &amp; Employees: Okta may use Automated Employment Decision Tools (AEDT), as defined by New York City Local Law 144, that use artificial intelligence, machine learning, or other automated processes to assist in our recruitment and hiring process. In accordance with NYC Local Law 144, if you are an applicant or employee residing in New York City, please&nbsp;<a href="https://talent.okta.com/new-york-city-aedt-notice.html">click here</a> to view our full NYC AEDT Notice.<br><br>Okta is committed to complying with applicable data privacy and security laws and regulations. For more information, please see our Personnel and Job Candidate Privacy Notice at&nbsp;<a href="https://www.okta.com/legal/personnel-policy/">https://www.okta.com/legal/personnel-policy/</a>.</p></div>