<div class="content-intro"><h3><strong>About Us at GoCardless</strong></h3>
<p>GoCardless is a <strong>global bank payment</strong> company. Over <strong>100,000 businesses</strong>, from start-ups to household names, use GoCardless to collect and send payments through direct debit, real-time payments and open banking.&nbsp;</p>
<p>GoCardless processes <strong>US$130bn+</strong> of payments annually, across <strong>30+ countries</strong>; helping customers collect and send both <strong>recurring</strong> and <strong>one-off payments</strong>, without the chasing, stress or expensive fees. We use AI-powered solutions to improve payment success and reduce fraud. And, with open banking connectivity to over <strong>2,500 banks</strong>, we help our customers make faster, more informed decisions.</p>
<p>We are headquartered in the<strong> UK</strong> with offices in <strong>London</strong> and <strong>Leeds</strong>, and additional locations in <strong>Australia, France, Ireland, Latvia, Portugal</strong> and the <strong>United States.</strong></p>
<p>At GoCardless, we're all about <strong>supporting you</strong>! We’re committed to making our hiring process <strong>inclusive</strong> and <strong>accessible</strong>. If you need extra support or adjustments, reach out to your <strong>Talent Partner</strong> — we’re here to help!&nbsp;</p>
<p>And remember: we don’t expect you to meet every single requirement. If you’re excited by this role, <strong>we encourage you to apply!</strong></p></div><h3><strong>The role</strong></h3>
<p>Working with customers across the UK &amp; Ireland,&nbsp; you will be responsible for the successful adoption and growth of your portfolio across a variety of customers.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Your primary responsibility will be identifying a path to increase the breadth and depth of GoCardless usage and value across the customers footprint. You will need to work closely with your account team to map the scope by customer, identify stakeholders, assess risk/opportunity and create an execution plan.&nbsp;</p>
<p>As a part of our wider success team, you will also work closely with Professional Services to drive implementation and time to value, our Customer Advocacy team to enhance the customer experience and share success stories, and Renewal Managers to work towards retention alongside a dedicated Account Executive for expansion and growth opportunities.</p>
<p>You will own the customer lifecycle, delivering value at each milestone and will be excited to drive the awareness and uptake of GoCardless as an account to account payments provider offering Bank Debit alongside our Open Banking capabilities.</p>
<h3><strong>As CSM at GoCardless you will:</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Manage a book of business (BOB) and ensure delivery against milestones throughout the customer lifecycle, aligned with our team’s business KPIs.</li>
<li>Drive commercial discussions with customers by devising strategies to drive positive Net Revenue Retention.</li>
<li>Own and execute Account Plans tailored to each customer's strategic goals, positioning GoCardless as a trusted partner.</li>
<li>Partner with the Account Management and Sales team on Account Planning and driving total book of business growth through competitive, market and whitespace analysis.</li>
<li>Share commercial ownership of the Account Commercial Success including the need to Identify, nurture and close expansion opportunities across the base.</li>
<li>Identify and build a strong relationship with key stakeholders including C-suite, champions and end-users.</li>
<li>Work Cross functionally and collaboratively involving leadership across the business to drive customer value.</li>
<li>Mitigate risk including managing renewals for existing customers&nbsp;&nbsp;</li>
<li>Forecasting accountability for your owned book of business&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>What excites us:</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>2+ years experience in complex end-to-end client facing work environment</li>
<li>2+ years experience with Sales/CS and/or Account Management&nbsp;</li>
<li>Additional languages a plus</li>
<li>Be a team player and have a growth mindset&nbsp;</li>
<li>Strong listening and verbal communication skills: you will need to quickly understand customer needs or issues and deliver a clear and concise response via video calls, emails, in person meetings</li>
<li>Ability to manage conflicting priorities and thrive in a fast-paced environment</li>
<li>Be a good collaborator and can motivate or maintain enthusiasm of your team members</li>
<li>Finance/Payments industry experience is a plus</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Base salary range:</strong> £27,976 - £33,570</p>
<p>Base salary ranges are based on role, job level, location, and market data.&nbsp; Please note that whilst we strive to offer competitive compensation, our approach is to pay between the <span style="text-decoration: underline;">minimum and the mid-point</span> of the pay range until performance can be assessed in role. Offers will take into account level of experience, interview assessment, budgets and parity between you and fellow employees at GoCardless doing similar work.</p><div class="content-conclusion"><h3><strong>The Good Stuff!</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li><strong>Wellbeing</strong>: Dedicated support and medical cover to keep you healthy.</li>
<li><strong>Work Away Scheme</strong>: Work from anywhere for up to 90 days in any 12-month period.</li>
<li><strong>Hybrid Working</strong>: Our hybrid model offers flexibility, with in-office days determined by your team.</li>
<li><strong>Equity</strong>: All permanently employed GeeCees get equity to share in our success.</li>
<li><strong>Parental leave</strong>: Tailored leave to support your life's great adventure.</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><strong data-stringify-type="bold">Time off:</strong>&nbsp;Annual holiday leave based on your location, supplemented by 3 volunteer days and 4 wellness days.</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>Life at GoCardless </strong></h3>
<p>We're an organisation defined by our&nbsp;<a class="c-link" href="https://gocardless.com/g/values-operating-principles/" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://gocardless.com/g/values-operating-principles/" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">values</a>; We <strong>start with why</strong> before we begin any project, to ensure it’s aligned with our mission. We <strong>make it happen</strong>, working with urgency and taking personal accountability for getting things done. We <strong>act with integrity</strong>, always. We <strong>care deeply</strong> about what we do and we know it's essential that we <strong>be humble</strong> whilst we do it. Our Values form part of the GoCardless DNA, and are used to not only help us nurture and develop our culture, but to deliver impactful work that will help us to achieve our vision.</p>
<h3><strong>Diversity &amp; Inclusion</strong></h3>
<p>We’re building the <strong>payment network of the future</strong>, and to achieve our goal, we need a <strong>diverse team</strong> with a range of perspectives and experiences. As of July 2024, here’s where we stand:</p>
<ul>
<li>45% identify as women&nbsp;</li>
<li>23% identify as Black, Asian, Mixed, or Other&nbsp;</li>
<li>10% identify as LGBTQIA+&nbsp;</li>
<li>9% identify as neurodiverse&nbsp;</li>
<li>2% identify as disabled&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p>If you want to learn more, you can read about our Employee Resource Groups and objectives <a href="https://gocardless.com/about/diversity-inclusion/">here</a> as well as our latest<a href="https://gocardless.com/assets/40w0m41bmydz/3hqJy4SUqZqW3BmBHlESUe/d1c7932b97b8a8ebcd0fb07418432fe9/GoCardless\_Diversity\_\_\_Inclusion\_Report\_2022.pdf"> </a><a href="https://assets.ctfassets.net/40w0m41bmydz/zGxwfm2rTwqXV4bwOMODR/8c303a244c90e49c9fa7c2ede11cf1e6/GoCardless\_Diversity\_and\_Inclusion\_Report\_20230731\_\_1\_.pdf" target="\_blank">D&amp;I Report</a><strong>&nbsp;</strong></p>
<h3><strong>Sustainability at GoCardless</strong></h3>
<p>We’re committed to reducing our&nbsp;<strong>environmental impact</strong> and leaving a sustainable world for future generations. As co-founders of the <strong>Tech Zero coalition</strong>, we’re working towards a <strong>climate-positive future</strong>. Check out our sustainability<a href="https://gocardless.com/sustainability/" target="\_blank"> action plan</a> here.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Find out more about Life at GoCardless via <a href="https://x.com/gocardless" target="\_blank">X</a>,<a href="http://instagram.com/lifeatgocardless" target="\_blank"> Instagram</a> and<a href="http://linkedin.com/company/gocardless" target="\_blank"> LinkedIn</a>.&nbsp;</strong></p></div>