<div class="content-intro"><p><strong data-stringify-type="bold">Why work at Nebius<br></strong>Nebius is leading a new era in cloud computing to serve the global AI economy. We create the tools and resources our customers need to solve real-world challenges and transform industries, without massive infrastructure costs or the need to build large in-house AI/ML teams. Our employees work at the cutting edge of AI cloud infrastructure alongside some of the most experienced and innovative leaders and engineers in the field.</p>
<p><strong>Where we work<br></strong>Headquartered in Amsterdam and listed on Nasdaq, Nebius has a global footprint with R&amp;D hubs across Europe, North America, and Israel. The team of over 1400 employees includes more than 400 highly skilled engineers with deep expertise across hardware and software engineering, as well as an in-house AI R&amp;D team.</p></div><p style="text-align: left;"><strong>New data center development:</strong></p>
<p style="text-align: left;">We give you&nbsp;the opportunity to work with cutting-edge technologies in data operations, cloud computing and infrastructure management. As global data center operations grow, there will be ample opportunities for career&nbsp;progression. Working in the data center directly impacts performance, customer satisfaction and efficiency, with the opportunity to contribute to new data center projects.You’ll collaborate with experts in AI data center development and operations, gaining insights from leaders in the field. This environment fosters innovation, and allows you to work on solutions that exceed industry standards in design and deployment.</p>
<h3><span data-ccp-props="{}">The role</span></h3>
<p>As a<strong> Field Network Engineer</strong> at Nebius, you will be responsible for providing IT support at remote locations and deploying data center IT infrastructure in new regions. Your primary focus will be managing projects and IT operations, primarily at our London, England data center, home to a major GPU cloud installation. This role requires frequent travel to support IT operations at other sites.&nbsp;</p>
<p>You’re welcome to work in our location in <strong>London, England, UK.&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p><strong>Your responsibilities will include:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Assist in the preparation and deployment of new infrastructure for upcoming launches.</li>
<li>Troubleshoot and resolve hardware and network-related issues within our data centers.</li>
<li>Manage and coordinate remote IT operations by collaborating with smart hands in co-located facilities. Be prepared to travel for on-site installations and technical support.</li>
<li>Work closely with cross-functional teams and external contractors to ensure seamless project execution.</li>
<li>Develop and maintain comprehensive technical documentation detailing service operations and best practices.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>We expect you to have:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>3+ years of hands-on experience in project planning and technical problem-solving.</li>
<li>Strong understanding of network technologies, including data center, server and network equipment.</li>
<li>Proficiency in IT hardware components, diagnostics and troubleshooting.</li>
<li>Proactive, responsible, and goal-oriented mindset.</li>
<li>Excellent written and verbal communication skills in English.</li>
<li>Willingness to travel regularly for business trips.</li>
<li>Relevant certifications (e.g., CCNA, CCNP)</li>
<li><span data-ccp-props="{}">Valid Driving License&nbsp;</span></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>It will be an added bonus of you have:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>ITIL or/and PMI Certification</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>What we offer</strong>&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>Competitive salary and comprehensive benefits package.</li>
<li>Opportunities for professional growth within Nebius.</li>
<li>Flexible working arrangements.</li>
<li>A dynamic and collaborative work environment that values initiative and innovation.</li>
</ul>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">We’re growing and expanding our products every day. If you’re up to the challenge and are excited about AI and ML as much as we are, join us!</span></p></div>