<p><strong>This is Adyen</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Adyen provides payments, data, and financial products in a single solution for customers like Meta, Uber, H&amp;M, and Microsoft - making us the financial technology platform of choice. At Adyen, everything we do is engineered for ambition.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">For our teams, we create an environment with opportunities for our people to succeed, backed by the culture and support to ensure they are enabled to truly own their careers. We are motivated individuals who tackle unique technical challenges at scale and solve them as a team. Together, we deliver innovative and ethical solutions that help businesses achieve their ambitions faster.</span></p>
<p><strong>About the role</strong></p>
<p class="p1">Adyen is looking for a HR Business Partner to contribute to the growth and scale of our Tech teams in EMEA. In this role, you will be working with managers, leaders and employees in all people programs such as talent development, employee relations and</p>
<p class="p1">engagement and performance management. You will work closely with leaders to complement them, challenge and coach them on best practices and strategize to ensure we are creating the best experience for our people.</p>
<p><strong>What you'll do</strong></p>
<ul class="ul1">
<li class="li1">Be an effective sparring partner for team leads on all things related to people including team growth and development</li>
<li class="li1">Coach and provide HR expertise to business leaders and local leadership on local processes to better manage their teams</li>
<li class="li1">Collaborate with a global, cross-functional HR Centers of Expertise to develop, enhance and launch initiatives that meet the evolving needs of our business and provide our employees a seamless employment experience</li>
<li class="li1">Leverage data to identify and act on opportunities that point to better ways of doing things as we scale</li>
<li class="li1">Manage performance assessment process and offer support in growth conversations</li>
<li class="li1">Advocate for all Adyen employees as they learn and develop through rapid growth in a high-performance environment</li>
<li class="li1">Guide managers to apply our core values in their day-to-day decisions</li>
<li class="li1">Foster an environment rich in diversity, equity and inclusion</li>
<li class="li1">Support leaders in feedback and under-performance conversations</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Who you are</strong></p>
<ul class="ul1">
<li class="li1">You’ve got at least 3+ years’ experience working as a HR Business partner with managers and leaders in a people partnering role at a high-pace company</li>
<li class="li1">You have a deep understanding and expertise of Dutch and European local labor related legislation</li>
<li class="li1">You have a strong sense of self and build trust quickly to become a trusted business advisor at different levels of the organization</li>
<li class="li1">You are able to question the status quo with managers and work with them to define new solutions to old problems</li>
<li class="li1">You are able to discuss people's challenges and implications driving local initiatives (ex. retention, engagement, performance, compensation, labor matters, etc.) to influence local leaders to make the best decisions</li>
<li class="li1">You’re hands-on, but know how to collaborate and prioritize (constantly looking for how things can be done more simply or automated)</li>
<li class="li1">You’re excited to try new approaches, do things differently, and aren’t afraid to “build as you go”</li>
<li class="li1">You have the ability to execute the global and functional people strategy ensuring alignment with regional/local culture and practices and partnering with local leadership</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Our Diversity, Equity and Inclusion commitments&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Our unique approach is a product of our diverse perspectives. This diversity of backgrounds and cultures is essential in helping us maintain our momentum. Our business and technical challenges are unique, and we need as many different voices as possible to join us in solving them - voices like yours. No matter who you are or where you’re from, we welcome you to be your true self at Adyen.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Studies show that women and members of underrepresented communities apply for jobs only if they meet 100% of the qualifications. Does this sound like you? If so, Adyen encourages you to reconsider and apply. We look forward to your application!</span></p>
<p><strong>What’s next?</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Ensuring a smooth and enjoyable candidate experience is critical for us. We aim to get back to you regarding your application within 5 business days. Our interview process tends to take about 4 weeks to complete, but may fluctuate depending on the role. </span><a href="https://careers.adyen.com/how-we-hire"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Learn more about our hiring process here</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">. Don’t be afraid to let us know if you need more flexibility.</span></p>
<p>This role is based out of our Amsterdam office. We are an office-first company and value in-person collaboration; we do not offer remote-only roles.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>