<section class="header header-careers container flex items-center mb-10">
<div class="space-y-5">
<div class="text-xl">
<h2>Who we are</h2>
<p>Coefficient is a VC-backed SaaS startup based in the SF Bay Area. We are building a remote-first company with a focus on hiring the best talent regardless of location. Our culture is centered around people who are smart, driven, curious and collaborative. We are embarking on a journey to unleash the power and flexibility of spreadsheets across all of the data in company systems. The founders are serial entrepreneurs whose last startup, Shopular, was backed by Y Combinator and Sequoia and acquired by Rakuten Ebates.</p>
<h2>What we do</h2>
<p>Coefficient provides a no-code solution that enables business teams to access their company data in real-time directly from their spreadsheets and make it actionable across the organization. Whether their data lives in business applications, databases, data warehouses, or business intelligence solutions, business users can easily work with this data without IT involvement.</p>
<p>Using Coefficient, business teams can be more effective with company data that's connected, automated and performant in the most familiar and flexible analytics product - their spreadsheet. By meeting users where they are, companies can now reduce friction between IT and business teams to drive higher efficiency and growth.</p>
<h2>Job Description</h2>
<p>We are looking for a&nbsp;QA Automation Engineer to help us shape and deliver our vision. You will work alongside our product and engineering teams to maintain product quality and automate our testing procedures. You may be a good fit if:</p>
<h2>Responsibilities</h2>
<ul>
<li>Constantly working with engineering and product teams to understand the product changes.</li>
<li>Identifying weaknesses and target areas of entire application.</li>
<li>Sketching out ideas for automated software test procedures.</li>
<li>Reviewing software bug reports and highlighting problem areas.</li>
<li>Writing automation scripts and implementing end to end testing automations.</li>
<li>Identifying quality issues and creating test reports.</li>
<li>Collaborating with the engineering and product teams to solve application faults.</li>
</ul>
<h2>Requirements</h2>
<ul>
<li>4+ years of experience in product management (similar experience like consulting or project management also considered)</li>
<li>Bachelor's degree in computer science or engineering</li>
<li>Strong understanding of APIs and current software architecture</li>
<li>Strong understanding of software development processes and methodologies</li>
<li>Excellent communication and leadership skills</li>
<li>Proven ability to manage multiple projects simultaneously</li>
<li>Experience in a startup environment a plus</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>This is a hybrid in-office role in either Hyderabad or Bangalore.&nbsp; We are looking for this person to be in-office three days a week with our team.&nbsp;&nbsp;</strong></p>
</div>
</div>
</section>