<div class="content-intro"><h2><span data-sheets-root="1">About Wolt</span></h2>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">At Wolt, we create technology that brings joy, simplicity and earnings to the neighborhoods of the world. In 2014 we started with delivery of restaurant food. Now we’re building the delivery of (almost) everything and you’ll find us in over 500 cities in 30 countries around the world. In 2022 we joined forces with DoorDash and together we keep on dreaming big and expanding across the globe.<br><br>Working at Wolt isn’t always easy, but it’s definitely exciting. Here you’ll learn more, build more, and ship more than in most other companies. You’ll be challenged a lot, but also have a lot of fun on the way. So, if you’re a self-starter with drive and entrepreneurial spirit, this could be the ride of your life.</span></p></div><p>The role you are looking at is a part of <strong>Wolt Market -</strong> <strong>our very own grocery stores</strong> that deliver unprecedented convenience and world leading customer experience. People across 21 countries can order their groceries and have them delivered to their doorstep at lightspeed!<br><br>The <strong>Category Manager</strong> is responsible for building and managing the assortment and trading plan, including pricing and promotions. The role also involves developing strong relationships with suppliers and taking full ownership of category performance across assigned categories in the Norwegian market.</p>
<p>The Category Manager works closely with Wolt Market stores to ensure the right assortment on every location, Content team, and Supply Chain to ensure that there is always stock. The person also works with retail partners to ensure constant optimisation of trading performance. Other key stakeholders include operations, marketing, and data teams to define and develop all necessary reporting, data models, tools and products to drive category performance in local stores.</p>
<h2>What you’ll be doing:</h2>
<ul>
<li>Having full ownership of assigned category performance, including forecasting, monitoring, reporting on the business.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Contributing to driving projects and trading strategy to achieve business goals.</li>
<li>Defining and continuously updating Wolt Market’s assortment at a store level to meet customer needs and optimise order economics.</li>
<li>Leading effective negotiations with suppliers to establish joint goals, improve cost structure, and sustainably grow the P&amp;L.</li>
<li>Influencing the design of the categories, as well as contributing to new product groups and improving the customer experience to deliver growth.</li>
<li>Creating business plans for new opportunities and developing and executing project plans for the launch of new features, incorporating merchandising and pricing strategies.</li>
<li>Working cross-functionally with counterparts across in-stock management, marketing, finance, and retail systems to operate and grow the business.</li>
<li>Continually improving and automating manual processes to enable the team to scale better as the business grows.</li>
</ul>
<h2>Our humble expectations&nbsp;</h2>
<ul>
<li>Five years of solid experience in category management, with a proven track record of delivering results.</li>
<li>Background in online grocery, traditional grocery retail, or e-commerce, ideally in fast-paced or scaling environments.</li>
<li>Strong communication skills and experience in negotiating with both internal and external stakeholders.</li>
<li>Excellent analytical skills.</li>
<li>Ability to think both commercially and operationally, with strong attention to detail.</li>
<li>Full professional proficiency in Norwegian and English.</li>
</ul>
<h2>Next steps</h2>
<p>If you are excited about working in a high-growth environment, taking ownership, and being part of an extremely ambitious team redefining grocery shopping, then click below to apply and get the conversation going!</p>
<p>We will be reviewing applications on an on-going basis, so if this sounds like an opportunity you want to pursue, apply and submit your <strong>English CV/resume</strong> today!</p>
<p>Please note that we do not accept applications coming through email due to GDPR. Make sure to apply through our careers page!</p>
<p><iframe src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/GoL541\_xj9w" width="560" height="314"></iframe></p><div class="content-conclusion"><h2><span data-sheets-root="1">Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion</span></h2>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">We’re committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. That’s why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.</span></p></div>