<div class="content-intro"><p><strong><em>🚀 We’re on a mission to make money work for everyone.</em></strong></p>
<p>We’re waving goodbye to the complicated and confusing ways of traditional banking.</p>
<p>After starting as a prepaid card, our product offering has grown a lot in the last 10 years in the UK. As well as&nbsp;<a href="https://monzo.com/current-account/personal">personal</a> and <a href="https://monzo.com/business-banking">business</a> bank accounts, we offer <a href="https://monzo.com/current-account/joint-account">joint accounts</a>, <a href="https://monzo.com/current-account/16-17">accounts for 16-17 year olds</a>, a <a href="https://monzo.com/current-account/under-16s">free kids account</a> and <a href="https://monzo.com/flex">credit cards</a> in the UK, with more exciting things to come beyond. Our UK customers can also <a href="https://monzo.com/savings">save</a>, <a href="https://monzo.com/investments">invest </a>and&nbsp;<a href="https://monzo.com/pensions">combine their pensions</a> with us.&nbsp;</p>
<p>With our hot coral cards and get-paid-early feature, combined with financial education on social media and our award winning customer service, we have a long history of creating magical moments for our customers!</p>
<p>We’re not about selling products - we want to solve problems and change lives through Monzo ❤️</p>
<hr>
<p>&nbsp;</p></div><p>📍London | 💰 £84,200 - £99,000 + incentive awards tied to your performance + <a href="https://monzo.com/careers/">Benefits</a>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>⭐ Our Finance team</strong><strong><br></strong></p>
<p>Our Finance team is growing and we are looking for a <strong>Senior Finance Business Partner</strong> to join the Commercial finance team. You will work in a team that manages the P&amp;L and Balance Sheet to deliver the financial plan, helps the business to make strategic financial decisions, challenges to improve performance, and owns the end-to-end financials and financial controls for your business area. The role covers all aspects of financial performance and planning.&nbsp;</p>
<p>The right candidate will enjoy supporting and challenging the business across new initiatives, love to build business cases, present and debate investment choices and be comfortable with both digging into data to deliver insights and thinking about broader strategic choices.</p>
<p><strong>🔑You’ll play a key role by…</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Being the single point of contact between the business and finance - you will have an opportunity to work senior leaders in driving commercial projects, analysing performance of existing products and participating in day to day support of the business.</li>
<li>Diving deep into the data - looking for trends, opportunities and stories that can be used in improving our profitability and growth. You will be thinking how to deepen engagement in products, improve our customer strategy or pricing, through scenario analysis and analytical insights.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Analysing and scoping new markets and new products - designing commercials for business cases and negotiating with partners.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Presenting your ideas and working across a number of stakeholders including engineering, legal, risk management, product, strategy or marketing.</li>
<li>Designing and building new processes for effective decision making as Monzo continues to scale up.</li>
<li>Being a strong finance professional, plugged into our day to day finance activities - including forecasting, results analysis or working through product changes proposals.</li>
<li>Supporting the build of a highly competent and motivated team of financial analysts with clear objectives for ongoing development to partner with existing and new businesses</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>🤩 We’d love to hear from you if you..</strong><strong><br></strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Have demonstrable experience in financial business partnering with senior business leaders- driving commercial, revenue generating projects, evaluating business cases and influencing decisions.</li>
<li>Are comfortable navigating highly complex fields of financial services, with the ability to break down problems into manageable chunks and working through them.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Hold strong financial modelling (advanced Excel/Google Sheets) experience, preferably you are also comfortable pulling your own data using SQL/Python.</li>
<li>Have great analytical &amp; problem solving skills, with the ability to identify trends, issues and recommend actions.</li>
<li>Hold good interpersonal &amp; influencing skills, ability to engage across various internal functions to develop, get buy-in and deliver outcomes across teams</li>
<li>Have the ability to confidently present data in a meaningful and effective way; understanding the needs of the end users and tailoring presentations to their requirements</li>
<li>Have experience building strong, trusted relationships with stakeholders at all levels</li>
<li>Have experience building business cases, presenting and debating investment choices</li>
<li>Demonstrate ability to be hands-on and enjoy supporting colleagues, projects or tasks both big or small</li>
<li>Have strong attention to detail and organisational skills, able to support with developing new processes and streamlining existing processes to create efficiencies</li>
</ul>
<p>Not ticking every box? That’s totally okay! Studies show that women and people of colour might hesitate to apply unless they meet every single requirement. At Monzo, we’re dedicated to creating a diverse and welcoming team. If you’re passionate about this role and keen to learn and grow with us, we encourage you to apply— even if you don’t have everything that's listed just yet. Drop us your application, we’d love to hear from you!</p>
<p><strong>🙌 What’s in it for you</strong></p>
<p>💰 £84,200 - £99,000 + incentive awards tied to your performance</p>
<p>📍This role is based in our London office, with a hybrid working environment. We're open to distributed working within the UK, with the expectation of at least once a week in our London office.</p>
<p>⏰ We offer flexible working hours and trust you to work enough hours to do your job well, and at times that suit you and your team.&nbsp;</p>
<p>📚 £1,000 learning budget each year to use on books, training courses and conferences.</p>
<p>➕ Plus lots more! <a href="https://monzo.com/careers/">Read our full list of benefits</a>.</p>
<p><strong>🌈</strong><strong> The application journey has 5 key steps:<br><br></strong><strong>- Phone call with recruiter (30mins)<br></strong><strong>- Video call with finance team member (30 mins)<br></strong><strong>- Video call with hiring manager (45 min)<br></strong><strong>- Video call with stakeholder (30 mins)</strong></p>
<p>Our average process takes around 3-4 weeks but we will always work around your availability.&nbsp;</p>
<p>We’ll only close this role once we have enough applications for the next stage. Please submit your application as soon as possible to make sure you don’t miss out.</p>
<p>#LI-NZ1</p><div class="content-conclusion"><hr>
<p><strong>Equal opportunities for everyone</strong></p>
<p>Diversity and inclusion are a priority for us and we’re making sure we have lots of support for all of our people to grow at Monzo. At Monzo, we’re embracing diversity by fostering an inclusive environment for all people to do the best work of their lives with us. This is integral to our mission of making money work for everyone. You can read more in our <a href="https://monzo.com/blog/diversity-and-inclusion">blog</a>, 2024 <a href="https://monzo.com/blog/our-2024-diversity-and-inclusion-report" target="\_blank">Diversity and Inclusion Report</a> and 2024 <a href="https://monzo.com/blog/an-update-on-our-gender-pay-gap-2024">Gender Pay Gap Report.</a></p>
<p>We’re an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be considered for employment without attention to age, ethnicity, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, family or parental status, national origin, or veteran, neurodiversity or disability status.</p>
<p>If you have a preferred name, please use it to apply. We don't need full or birth names at application stage 😊</p></div>