<div class="content-intro"><p>Bei IONOS arbeitest Du bei dem führenden europäischen Anbieter von Cloud-Infrastruktur, Cloud-Services und Hosting-Dienstleistungen partnerschaftlich mit unterschiedlichen Teams zusammen. Wir bieten Dir eine Perspektive in einer der zukunftssichersten Branchen. Uns zeichnen offene Arbeitsstrukturen, Duz-Kultur und flache Hierarchien mit unvergleichlichem Team-Spirit aus. Wir sind fest davon überzeugt, dass Job und Spaß vereinbar sind und bieten Dir hierfür das entsprechende Umfeld. Bei ständigem Wachstum sind wir stets auf der Suche nach neuen Kolleginnen und Kollegen. Werde Teil von IONOS und lass uns gemeinsam wachsen.</p></div><h4><span style="font-size: 20pt;">About the team:</span></h4>
<p class="content-paragraph"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">Our mission is to&nbsp; build a modern ecosystem used for all IONOS customer support needs. The tools developed by us are used in over 20 locations, by more than 2.000 users, supporting 8 million customer contracts in 10 markets.</span></p>
<p class="content-paragraph"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">The development team has full responsibility for the development lifecycle. This means we plan, develop, test and deploy our software without any other internal or external dependencies.</span></p>
<p class="content-paragraph"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">Our portfolio revolves around an internally built CRM which is now being enhanced with AI capabilities.&nbsp;</span></p>
<h4><span style="font-size: 20pt;">About the product you will be building:</span></h4>
<p class="content-paragraph"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">We are building a next-generation AI platform designed to redefine how our company interacts with customers. This isn't just a chatbot; it's a high-performance, multimodal AI ecosystem powered by state-of-the-art Speech-to-Speech (S2S) models, advanced Large Language Models (LLMs), and intelligent orchestration frameworks. Our platform will understand, reason, and respond across text and voice — while seamlessly executing real-time actions to resolve customer needs.</span></p>
<p class="content-paragraph"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">We are aiming for a hybrid architecture of Open Source LLMs, industry-leading proprietary models, and Model Context Protocol (MCP) to enable contextual reasoning, tool invocation, and seamless orchestration across systems. The goal is not just to talk to the customer, but to act on their needs.</span></p>
<h4><span style="font-size: 20pt;">What makes this project unique:</span></h4>
<p class="content-paragraph"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">The Voice Frontier: We are building low-latency, emotive speech-to-speech pipelines for a truly natural voice channel experience.</span></p>
<p class="content-paragraph"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">Deep System Integration: Our platform connects directly to the company's core systems via MCPs, allowing the AI to access real-time customer context and execute complex workflows.</span></p>
<p class="content-paragraph"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">Self-Evolving Logic: We are developing&nbsp; an automated QA and evaluation module that continuously analyzes interactions across channels.By programmatically measuring quality, accuracy, latency, and resolution outcomes, we can close the feedback loop, and adapt system behavior in hours, not weeks.</span></p>
<p class="content-paragraph"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">Hybrid Innovation: You’ll work at the intersection of "build vs. buy," integrating the best of the open-source community with custom-built internal infrastructure.</span></p>
<h4><span style="font-size: 20pt;">What's in it for you:</span></h4>
<p><span style="font-size: 12pt;">You won't just be shipping code; you’ll be part of making this concept evolve and shift.<br>You’ll join a friendly, experienced team where your voice matters and your contribution shapes real-world outcomes. You’ll work in a modern environment with technologies and practices that help us ship reliable software efficiently.</span></p>
<h4><span style="font-size: 20pt;">Role description:</span></h4>
<p><span style="font-size: 20pt;"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">As a DevOps Engineer in this team you will&nbsp; build the foundation of our internal AI Customer Care platform. You will be responsible for the "heavy lifting"—designing the distributed systems that power real-time speech-to-speech pipelines, orchestrating agentic workflows via MCP, and ensuring our AI scales without breaking a sweat.</span></span></p>
<h4><span style="font-size: 20pt;">Main responsabilities:</span></h4>
<ul>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">Design, build, and maintain CI/CD pipelines in collaboration with development teams</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">Improve and gradually redesign our infrastructure toward container orchestration</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">Maintain and optimize Debian-based Linux systems</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">Ensure high availability and monitoring across multiple data centers</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">Contribute to observability, monitoring, logging, and incident response practices</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">Automate infrastructure provisioning and configuration</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">Maintain ISO security standards throughout the infrastructure&nbsp;</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">Handle vulnerabilities, ensure dependency tracking</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">Work closely with developers to optimize deployment workflows and runtime environments</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">Use AI tooling effectively (Claude, ChatGPT, internal MCP tools) to improve productivity and automation</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">Architect Low-Latency Pipelines: Build and optimize the streaming infrastructure for Speech-to-Speech (S2S), ensuring sub-500ms round-trip latency for natural voice interactions.Experience with scaling and deploying in zones. Minimize hops between services. Experience with WSS &amp; SRTP protocol would be a plus.&nbsp;</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">Hosting Specialized tooling: Host and maintain the specialized applications needed in our AI pipelines (eq. MCP servers, Vector store databases, Caching apps, etc..) Monitor and respond to unhealthy patterns (high memory, high cpu, low disk space, high latency).</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">Data &amp; Evaluation Plumbing: Host and maintain our Automated QA Module. Schedule jobs and design alerts that would need a rapid response (High hallucinations or low response quality for latest nightly run, etc..).</span></li>
</ul>
<h4><span style="font-size: 20pt;">We are looking for some of:</span></h4>
<ul>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">Strong Linux administration experience, preferably Debian-based systems</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">Hands-on experience with Kubernetes in production environments</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">Experience with cloud native architectures (design, build, operations)</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">Solid understanding of networking fundamentals:</span></li>
<ul>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">Subnetting</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">Routing</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">BGP concepts and high-availability design</span></li>
</ul>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">Experience with CI/CD systems and infrastructure automation tools</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">Good scripting skills (Bash, Python or similar)</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">Ability to troubleshoot distributed systems</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">Systems Expertise: DevOps knowledge: Docker or Docker Swarm, Kubernetes, ArgoCD, JFrog Artifactory, Infrastructure-as-Code, CI/CD, Helm, Prometheus, Terraform, Gitlab/Github CI, Grafana, Jenkins</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">Familiar with monitoring stack: Prometheus/Grafana (Metrics), ELK (Logs) &amp; Jaeger (Trace) etc.</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">Best practices on how to secure systems and pipelines: OpenID Connect, OAuth 2, Hashicorp Vault, Keycloak, Keepass, Ansible-vault.</span></li>
</ul>
<h4><span style="font-size: 20pt;">Would be a plus:</span></h4>
<ul>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">Experience with telephony gateways (Twilio, Amazon Connect) and SIP/RTP protocols&nbsp; or other telephony platforms</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">Experience migrating from VM-based infrastructure to container orchestration</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">Exposure to AI-driven development workflows</span></li>
</ul>
<h4><span style="font-size: 20pt;">What we offer:</span></h4>
<ul>
<li><span style="font-size: 12pt;">Access to local/international trainings, development and growth opportunities, including access to e-learning platforms, covering both technical and soft skills areas;</span></li>
<li><span style="font-size: 12pt;">Modern technologies, product responsibility;</span></li>
<li><span style="font-size: 12pt;">Flexible work schedule;</span></li>
<li><span style="font-size: 12pt;">Hybrid work option;</span></li>
<li><span style="font-size: 12pt;">Medical services package from one of two private providers;</span></li>
<li><span style="font-size: 12pt;">25 vacation days per year;</span></li>
<li><span style="font-size: 12pt;">Substitute days off for public holidays that occur on the weekend;</span></li>
<li><span style="font-size: 12pt;">Meal tickets;</span></li>
<li><span style="font-size: 12pt;">Internal referral program;</span></li>
<li><span style="font-size: 12pt;">Team events, networking events organized to promote a passionate, creative and diverse culture;</span></li>
<li><span style="font-size: 12pt;">Summerfest and Winterfest parties;</span></li>
<li><span style="font-size: 12pt;">Of course, coffee, soft drinks and fresh fruits are on us in the office.</span></li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><h4>Über IONOS</h4>
<p class="content-paragraph">IONOS ist der führende europäische Digitalisierungs-Partner für kleine und mittlere Unternehmen (KMU). IONOS hat mehr als sechs Millionen Kundinnen und Kunden und ist mit einer weltweit verfügbaren Plattform in 18 Märkten in Europa und Nordamerika aktiv. Mit seinen Web Presence &amp; Productivity-Angeboten agiert das Unternehmen als “One-Stop-Shop" für alle Digitalisierungs-Bedürfnisse - von Domains und Webhosting über klassische Website-Builder und Do-It-Yourself-Lösungen, von E-Commerce bis zu Online-Marketing-Tools. Darüber hinaus bietet IONOS Cloud-Lösungen für Firmen, die im Zuge der Weiterentwicklung ihres Geschäfts in die Cloud wechseln möchten.</p>
<p class="content-paragraph">Wir wertschätzen Vielfalt und begrüßen alle Bewerbungen – unabhängig von z. B. Geschlecht, Nationalität, ethnischer und sozialer Herkunft, Religion, Behinderung, Alter sowie sexueller Orientierung und Identität, körperlichen Merkmalen, Familienstand oder einem anderen sachfremden Kriterium nach geltendem Recht.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p></div>