<div class="content-intro"><p><strong>Secure Every Identity, from AI to Human<br><br></strong>Identity is the key to unlocking the potential of AI. Okta secures AI by building the trusted, neutral infrastructure that enables organizations to safely embrace this new era. This work requires a relentless drive to solve complex challenges with real-world stakes. We are looking for builders and owners who operate with speed and urgency and execute with excellence.<br><br>This is an opportunity to do career-defining work. We're all in on this mission. If you are too, let's talk.</p></div><div class="SingleJob-content">
<p><strong>The Team</strong></p>
<p>Technical Account Management is a global team of Okta product experts, and we enable Okta's worldwide growth by enabling existing customers to be successful with Okta. Our team rises to the occasion by solidifying our technical expertise and deepening our understanding of each customer’s unique ecosystem, we not only address the present challenges but anticipate and innovate for the future. The TAM empowers Okta’s customers to deliver secure, scalable, and transformative identity solutions by acting as their trusted identity coach. In partnership with the Okta’s Customer Success and the Account teams, we drive lasting success through elevated technical maturity.</p>
<p><strong><br>The Opportunity</strong></p>
<p>As a Specialist, Technical Account Manager (TAM) for Okta’s Workforce Identity Cloud (WIC) and Customer Identity Solution (CIS), you will serve as a trusted technical advisor and advocate for our most strategic Federal customers. This role is critical in ensuring customers achieve maximum value from their investments in Okta’s Workforce and Customer Identity solutions. You will collaborate closely with cross-functional teams, including engineering, product, customer success, and sales, to drive technical adoption, optimize solution performance, and deliver an exceptional customer experience.</p>
<p>This role is within the Public Sector, Federal team (managing federal, state and local government organizations) with a focus on compliance with government standards, FedRAMP and sector-specific IAM requirements.<br><strong><br>What you’ll be doing:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Build deep, long-lasting relationships with strategic customers as their go-to technical advisor.</li>
<li>Provide expert guidance on implementing and optimizing Okta’s Workforce Identity and Customer Identity (CIAM) solutions.</li>
<li>Collaborate with customers to design identity strategies aligned with their business objectives.</li>
<li>Earn customer trust by understanding their goals and use cases, and recommend best practices relating to process changes, product adoption, configuration and additional features to meet requirements</li>
<li>Maintain focus on increasing subscription adoption, customer satisfaction and retention</li>
<li>Partner with Okta’s account teams and Customer Success Managers to develop and execute strategic success plans.</li>
<li>Resolve technical challenges by coordinating with internal teams, including support and engineering.</li>
<li>Proactively share product insights and deliver enablement sessions to drive adoption and technical success.</li>
<li>Serve as a thought leader, providing best practices, workshops, and training.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong><br>What you’ll bring to the role:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>2+ years’ experience working with Public Sector (Federal) customers in a SaaS organization.</li>
<li>2+ years of experience as a Technical Account Manager (TAM) or comparable role such as Technical Consultant, Product Management, Solution Architect, or similar role.</li>
<li>2+ years in identity and access management, including SSO, MFA, lifecycle management, or security best practices.</li>
<li>4+ years of experience in information technology, cloud platforms or software industry, preferably in a fast-paced environment.</li>
<li>Solid understanding of one or more of the following:</li>
<ul>
<li>Technologies and protocols to support identity federation and robust access control models (e.g., SAML 2.0, WS-Federation, OAuth, OpenID Connect)</li>
<li>Legacy applications in a hybrid IT environment with non-standard applications (i.e. those that do not support modern identity federation protocols)</li>
<li>Enterprise applications in the ecosystem to provide identity and attributes to applications or to harness an external application to help drive business process (ITSM, HR, etc)</li>
<li>SaaS deployment such as Salesforce, Box, Office 365, Workday and HR as master for identities</li>
<li>Lifecycle management scenarios to 3rd party systems and applications (Workflows, HR-driven provisioning, MSFT integrations, SCIM, etc)</li>
<li>Security and performance monitoring, and 3rd party signals integrations (SEIM, MDM, WAF, etc)</li>
</ul>
<li>Strong problem-solving skills and the ability to manage escalations effectively.</li>
<li>Proven ability to collaborate cross-functionally and drive customer-focused outcomes.</li>
<li>Excellent communication skills, capable of translating complex technical topics into actionable insights. Ability to set expectations and communicate goals and objectives with customers at various levels, up to CxO.</li>
<li>Ability to track and influence customer behavior and health metrics across a portfolio of accounts.</li>
<li>This position requires you to be based out of Washington D.C. and work in Eastern time zone and will have some travel required.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Education:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>BA/BS/MS in Computer Science, Information Technology or related discipline or equivalent work experience required.</li>
<li>Relevant certifications (e.g., Okta Certified, CISSP, or equivalent).</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Additional requirements:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><strong>U.S. Citizenship: </strong>This position <em>requires</em> the ability to access federal environments and/or have access to protected federal data.&nbsp; As a condition of employment for this position, the successful candidate must be able to submit documentation establishing U.S. Citizen status upon hire, and remain living in the U.S. while in this role.</li>
<li><strong>A note on location: </strong>Candidates must reside within within 50 miles of the Okta Washington, DC office.&nbsp;<br><br></li>
</ul>
</div>
<p>#LI-MM1<br>#LI-Hybrid<br>P24887</p><div class="content-pay-transparency"><div class="pay-input"><div class="description"><p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Below is the annual On Target Compensation (OTE) range for candidates located in California (excluding San Francisco Bay Area), Colorado, Illinois, New York and Washington. Your actual OTE, which is inclusive of base salary and incentive compensation, will depend on factors such as your skills, qualifications, experience, and work location. In addition, Okta offers equity (where applicable) and benefits, including health, dental and vision insurance, 401(k), flexible spending account, and paid leave (including PTO and parental leave) in accordance with our applicable plans and policies. To learn more about our Total Rewards program please visit:&nbsp;</span><a href="https://rewards.okta.com/us"><span style="font-weight: 400;">https://rewards.okta.com/us</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">.&nbsp;<br></span></p></div><div class="title">The annual OTE range for this position for candidates located in California (excluding San Francisco Bay Area), Colorado, Illinois, New York, and Washington is between:</div><div class="pay-range"><span>$100,000</span><span class="divider">&mdash;</span><span>$125,000 USD</span></div></div></div><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong><br>The Okta Experience</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><a href="http://rewards.okta.com">Supporting Your Well-Being</a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="https://www.okta.com/company/okta-for-good/">Driving Social Impact&nbsp;</a></li>
<li><a href="https://www.okta.com/company/talent-connection-community/">Developing Talent and Fostering Connection + Community</a></li>
</ul>
<p>We are intentional about connection. Our global community, spanning over 20 offices worldwide, is united by a drive to innovate. Your journey begins with an immersive, in-person onboarding experience designed to accelerate your impact and connect you to our mission and team from day one.<br><br>Okta is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, marital status, age, physical or mental disability, or status as a protected veteran. We also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and convictions records, consistent with applicable laws.<br><br>If reasonable accommodation is needed to complete any part of the job application, interview process, or onboarding please&nbsp;<a href="https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1EfiEYZrIyhA2X4Fijk0R3RKYOzNoS3wtvyM4nhbZnXE/edit">use this Form</a> to request an accommodation.<br><br>Notice for New York City Applicants &amp; Employees: Okta may use Automated Employment Decision Tools (AEDT), as defined by New York City Local Law 144, that use artificial intelligence, machine learning, or other automated processes to assist in our recruitment and hiring process. In accordance with NYC Local Law 144, if you are an applicant or employee residing in New York City, please&nbsp;<a href="https://talent.okta.com/new-york-city-aedt-notice.html">click here</a> to view our full NYC AEDT Notice.<br><br>Okta is committed to complying with applicable data privacy and security laws and regulations. For more information, please see our Personnel and Job Candidate Privacy Notice at&nbsp;<a href="https://www.okta.com/legal/personnel-policy/">https://www.okta.com/legal/personnel-policy/</a>.</p></div>