<p>
  <strong>Headquarters:</strong> North America - Remote
</p>

<p><strong>Who we are:</strong></p><p>We are a leader in fraud prevention and AML compliance. Our platform uses device intelligence, behavior biometrics, machine learning, and AI to stop fraud before it happens. Today, over 300 banks, retailers, and fintechs worldwide use Sardine to stop identity fraud, payment fraud, account takeovers, and social engineering scams. We have raised $145M from world-class investors, including Andreessen Horowitz, Activant, Visa, Experian, FIS, and Google Ventures.</p><p></p><p><strong>Our culture:</strong></p><ul><li><p>We have hubs in the Bay Area, NYC, Austin, and Toronto. However, we maintain a remote-first work culture. #WorkFromAnywhere</p></li><li><p>We hire talented, self-motivated individuals with extreme ownership and high growth orientation. </p></li><li><p>We value performance and not hours worked. We believe you shouldn't have to miss your family dinner, your kid's school play, friends get-together, or doctor's appointments for the sake of adhering to an arbitrary work schedule.</p></li></ul><p></p><p><strong>What you’ll be doing</strong></p><ul><li><p>Build best-in-class bot detection , device intelligence and  behavior biometrics products</p></li><li><p>Create and steer bot  roadmap while working with stakeholders - Founders, AMs, Sales</p></li><li><p>Design new fraud detection methods and tools and monitor the data to build a robust fraud detection and prevention system.</p></li><li><p>Work closely with product designers, data analysts, and engineering teams to define detailed product specifications, review technical capabilities, prioritize projects, and create &amp; steer fraud risk product roadmap.</p></li><li><p>Lead Project management – work closely with all our customers and internal stakeholders to prioritize what to build and when</p></li><li><p>Lead Delivery – Own the end-to-end delivery of our product, starting from scoping projects to execution to final delivery of the product, including proper documentation</p></li></ul><p></p><p><strong>What you’ll need</strong></p><ul><li><p>7+ years of product management experience with 3+ years of experience building Risk products</p></li><li><p>Experience in bot detection or device intelligence</p></li><li><p>Deep technical expertise - consider this to be a Technical Product Manager role</p></li><li><p>Passion for solving customer problems - both internal and external</p></li><li><p>Good understanding of various fraud typologies like ATO, Card, and Bank Fraud</p></li><li><p>Strong analytical skills</p></li><li><p>Knowledge of when and how to balance data with intuition</p></li><li><p>A commitment to teamwork and transparent, inclusive communication</p></li><li><p>Excellent collaboration skills and demonstrated ability to build relationships</p></li></ul><p></p><p><strong>Benefits we offer:</strong></p><ul><li><p>Generous compensation in cash and equity</p></li><li><p>Early exercise for all options, including pre-vested</p></li><li><p>Work from anywhere: Remote-first Culture</p></li><li><p>Flexible paid time off and Year-end break</p></li><li><p>Health insurance, dental, and vision coverage for employees and dependents - <em>US and Canada specific</em></p></li><li><p>4% matching in 401k / RRSP - <em>US and Canada specific</em></p></li><li><p>MacBook Pro delivered to your door</p></li><li><p>One-time stipend to set up a home office — desk, chair, screen, etc.</p></li><li><p>Monthly meal stipend</p></li><li><p>Monthly social meet-up stipend</p></li><li><p>Annual health and wellness stipend</p></li><li><p>Annual Learning stipend</p></li></ul><p></p><p>Join a fast-growing company with world-class professionals from around the world. If you are seeking a meaningful career, you found the right place, and we would love to hear from you.</p><p></p><p><em>To learn more about how we process your personal information and your rights in regards to your personal information as an applicant and Sardine employee, please visit our </em><a class="text-link-blue" href="https://www.sardine.ai/applicant-and-worker-privacy-notice"><em>Applicant and Worker Privacy Notice</em></a><em>.</em></p>

<p><strong>To apply:</strong> <a href="https://weworkremotely.com/remote-jobs/sardine-product-manager-bot-detection">https://weworkremotely.com/remote-jobs/sardine-product-manager-bot-detection</a></p>