<p><strong>This is Adyen</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Adyen provides payments, data, and financial products in a single solution for customers like Meta, Uber, H&amp;M, and Microsoft - making us the financial technology platform of choice. At Adyen, everything we do is engineered for ambition.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">For our teams, we create an environment with opportunities for our people to succeed, backed by the culture and support to ensure they are enabled to truly own their careers. We are motivated individuals who tackle unique technical challenges at scale and solve them as a team. Together, we deliver innovative and ethical solutions that help businesses achieve their ambitions faster.</span></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Team Lead, Sales</strong></p>
<p>We’re looking for an inspirational leader to join our APAC Sales function and lead a team of high-performing enterprise sales managers in Japan.&nbsp;</p>
<p>You will be leading and coaching a team of sales managers based in Tokyo, while reporting to the Head of Sales for Japan. As a critical member of the Japan commercial leadership team, you will form the sales strategy for one of our most dynamic and fast-growing markets, while collaborating with other regions and cross-functional teams.&nbsp;</p>
<p>The ideal candidate is a natural commercial leader and networker with a consultative mindset. We are looking for an experienced leader who thrives in a fast-paced, international environment and has excellent communication and people management skills. You excel at strategic thinking, commercial execution and leveraging your enterprise sales skillset to coach the team.</p>
<p><strong>What you’ll do:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Lead one of our Sales teams in Tokyo and own the end-to-end commercial success of your team</li>
<li>Collaborate on and drive the vision and strategy for the JP sales team, creating local focus while aligning with global standards</li>
<li>Engage with the largest strategic opportunities, leading executive relationships and helping the team navigate long sales cycles to win new customers</li>
<li>Adopt and influence the Adyen sales methodology and Selling Process and drive best practices on selling and forecasting</li>
<li>Develop best practices around pipeline management that enable the organisation to rapidly scale, deliver on revenue targets and support KPIs for growth</li>
<li>Partner cross-functionally across different teams (e.g. SDR, Marketing, Account Management, Product, Partnerships, regionally and globally)</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Who you are</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Inspirational leader with 3+ years of formal people management experience&nbsp;</li>
<li>Demonstrated experience in coaching senior individual contributors</li>
<li>8+ years direct sales hunting experience, specialising in serving multinational enterprise customers, ideally in the FinTech / Digital / Retail /Travel sectors in Japan</li>
<li>Native-level Japanese language skills and business fluency in English&nbsp;</li>
<li>Strong experience with sales forecasting and metrics, and optimizing&nbsp; sales methodologies and processes</li>
<li>Resilient and able to maintain momentum and motivation&nbsp;</li>
<li>Ability to structure and prioritize in a high volume, fast-paced environment</li>
<li>A team player that understands what drives sales individuals, and does not shy away from taking ownership or resolving conflicts.</li>
<li>Ability to travel domestically and internationally 20%+</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Our Diversity, Equity and Inclusion commitments&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Our unique approach is a product of our diverse perspectives. This diversity of backgrounds and cultures is essential in helping us maintain our momentum. Our business and technical challenges are unique, and we need as many different voices as possible to join us in solving them - voices like yours. No matter who you are or where you’re from, we welcome you to be your true self at Adyen.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Studies show that women and members of underrepresented communities apply for jobs only if they meet 100% of the qualifications. Does this sound like you? If so, Adyen encourages you to reconsider and apply. We look forward to your application!</span></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>What’s next?</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Ensuring a smooth and enjoyable candidate experience is critical for us. We aim to get back to you regarding your application within 5 business days. Our interview process tends to take about 4 weeks to complete, but may fluctuate depending on the role. </span><a href="https://careers.adyen.com/how-we-hire"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Learn more about our hiring process here</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">. Don’t be afraid to let us know if you need more flexibility.</span></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>This role is based out of our Tokyo office. We are an office-first company and value in-person collaboration; we do not offer remote-only roles.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>