<h2><strong>Who we are </strong></h2>
<h3><strong>About Stripe</strong></h3>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies - from the world’s largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups - use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyone's reach while doing the most important work of your career.</span></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<h3><strong>About the team</strong></h3>
<p>The Technical Partner Management team is part of Stripe’s Global Partnerships organization and is responsible for managing the technical and operational aspects of strategic product partnerships and programs. Positioned at the intersection of product, engineering, and partnerships teams, our primary focus is the health, performance and scalability of Stripe’s integrations with financial partners.</p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p>We drive implementation work with new and existing partners, manage the relationships on an ongoing basis and&nbsp; with these partners, and monitor and optimize stringent quality and performance targets. Our team also drives programs and initiatives to address broad ecosystem challenges, and builds technical solutions and tools that enhance operational efficiency and scalability. The partners in our portfolio have a significant impact on Stripe, and the products from these partnerships are used by millions of our users.</p>
<h2><strong>What you’ll do</strong></h2>
<p>We are seeking a knowledgeable and proactive Technical Partner Manager to join our Global Partner Engineering &amp; Operations (PE&amp;O) Local Payment Methods (LPM) partnerships team at Stripe. In this role, you will be responsible for building and maintaining strong relationships with key EMEA LPM partners, facilitating technical integrations, launching new capabilities (whether with new or existing partners), and ensuring optimal performance of our solutions with financial partners. The ideal candidate will possess a blend of technical expertise and account management experience, with a focus on driving partner success.</p>
<h3><strong>Responsibilities</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li><strong>Partner Management: </strong>Build and maintain strong, long-term relationships with key financial ecosystem partners, serving as the primary point of contact for technical inquiries and operational support.</li>
<li><strong>Technical Integration: </strong>Collaborate closely with partners to define and implement successful integrations, ensuring all technical requirements are met and projects are delivered on time.</li>
<li><strong>Performance Tracking: </strong>Establish Service Level Agreements (SLAs) and performance standards for partner accounts, leveraging metrics and data analysis to monitor and improve partner health and satisfaction. Regularly drive technical reviews to improve partner performance.</li>
<li><strong>Cross-Functional Collaboration: </strong>Work across multiple Stripe teams—including Engineering, Product, and Partner Development—to support and drive process enhancements and technical solutions that benefit partners.</li>
<li><strong>Incident Management: </strong>Assist in incident resolution by coordinating with internal teams to manage partner communications effectively and resolve issues efficiently.</li>
<li><strong>Operational Efficiencies: </strong>Identify inefficiencies within Stripe’s operating model, proposing and driving effective solutions (including both technical and operational requirements) to address them.</li>
<li><strong>Training and Support: </strong>Provide ongoing training, documentation and support to partners, helping them leverage Stripe’s technology and products effectively.</li>
<li><strong>Feedback Collection: </strong>Gather feedback from partners to inform improvements in internal processes and product functionalities, ensuring customer needs are addressed within the organization</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Who you are</strong></h2>
<p>We’re looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.</p>
<h3><strong>Minimum requirements</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Bachelor’s degree in Business Administration, Computer Science, or a related field.</li>
<li>Minimum of 5 years of experience in partner management, technical project management, or business operations, especially managing external-facing relationships.</li>
<li>Proven ability to successfully drive small-to-medium-sized projects with external partners and cross-functional internal stakeholders.</li>
<li>Excellent interpersonal and communication skills, capable of effectively conveying technical information to non-technical stakeholders.</li>
<li>A customer-first mindset and strong sense of urgency to scale products and operations through partnerships.</li>
<li>Strong analytical and problem-solving skills, with experience leveraging data to enhance decision-making.</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li>Ability to thrive in an unstructured, fast-moving environment.</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li>The willingness to travel, when necessary</li>
<li>Fluency in English</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>Preferred qualifications</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Experience in banking, e-commerce, or payments; with knowledge of payment technologies and ecosystems is preferred.</li>
<li>Basic to intermediate proficiency in SQL and XML is preferred.</li>
<li>Experience working in a SaaS or cloud-based technology environment.</li>
<li>Experience in a high growth technology company</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>