<p>Canonical is a leading provider of open source software and operating systems to the global enterprise and technology markets. Our platform, Ubuntu, is very widely used in breakthrough enterprise initiatives such as public cloud, data science, AI, engineering innovation, and IoT. Our customers include the world's leading public cloud and silicon providers, and industry leaders in many sectors. The company is a pioneer of global distributed collaboration, with 1200+ colleagues in 75+ countries and very few office-based roles. Teams meet two to four times yearly in person, in interesting locations around the world, to align on strategy and execution.</p>
<p>The company is founder-led, profitable, and growing.</p>
<p><strong>Regional Marketing Manager - EMEA</strong></p>
<p>Canonical is looking for a regional marketing manager who will be responsible for developing long-term marketing strategy and executing campaigns for EMEA across a diverse range of products and industries to support our growth strategy. This is a hands-on, multi-disciplinary and dynamic position, requiring close collaboration with the regional sales teams, the partner teams, product teams, and other marketing functions.</p>
<p>The ideal candidate is passionate about technology, technology marketing and the use of technology in marketing. They prefer to work in an environment that emphasises ownership of campaigns, collaboration, learning, curiosity and a drive to continually improve oneself / the team / the organisation. They love to problem solve, get hands-on, experiment, measure and use automation to make daily life easier.</p>
<p>This role reports to the EMEA and Americas regional marketing team manager.</p>
<p><strong>Location:</strong> <em>This role will be based remotely in the EMEA region.</em></p>
<p><strong>What your day will look like</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Develop and execute go-to-market strategy for certain industries within the EMEA region</li>
<li>Set relevant KPIs for lead generation, demand generation and brand awareness campaigns; monitor and improve them on a regular basis</li>
<li>Build organic and paid campaigns from scratch including crafting strong copy, and creating visual assets for emails, social media and paid ads in line with canonical’s brand&nbsp;</li>
<li>Own webinars and regional offline events at all stages from planning to execution including holistic pre- and post-event/webinar strategies, webinar set up, streaming</li>
<li>Work with the CRM Team to attract, convert, engage and communicate with new and existing audiences &nbsp;</li>
<li>Be fully responsible for the regional budget planning and execution constantly monitoring and adjusting it accordingly</li>
<li>Collaborate extensively with regional Sales teams to get their insights and implement them to the regional marketing strategy</li>
</ul>
<p>We expect members of the Canonical marketing team to be excellent communicators who are at ease working with a complex mix of engineers, product managers, sales representatives and executives.</p>
<p><a href="https://canonical.com/careers/marketing" target="\_blank">Read more about the marketing team</a></p>
<p><strong>What we are looking for in you</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Experience in B2B marketing for enterprise IT products, SaaS experience</li>
<li>Experience working with the EMEA market</li>
<li>Excellent academic results, with Bachelor’s or equivalent in Business, Marketing, or STEM</li>
<li>Excellent verbal, written, presentation skills in English</li>
<li>Hands-on mindset and ability to test various marketing assumptions attributing to scaling the most efficient ways of achieving positive marketing results</li>
<li>Growth mindset - enthusiasm for challenges and work ethic with a ‘can do’ attitude</li>
<li>Objectivity and openness to others' views while continuously building a positive team spirit</li>
<li>Proven ability to prioritise and meet deadlines without sacrificing quality</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>What we offer you</strong></p>
<p>Your base pay will depend on various factors including your geographical location, level of experience, knowledge and skills. In addition to the benefits above, certain roles are also eligible for additional benefits and rewards including annual bonuses and sales incentives based on revenue or utilisation. Our compensation philosophy is to ensure equity right across our global workforce. &nbsp;</p>
<p>In addition to a competitive base pay, we provide all team members with additional benefits, which reflect our values and ideals. Please note that additional benefits may apply depending on the work location and, for more information on these, please ask your Talent Partner.</p>
<ul>
<li>Fully remote working environment - we’ve been working remotely since 2004!</li>
<li>Personal learning and development budget of 2,000USD per annum</li>
<li>Annual compensation review</li>
<li>Recognition rewards</li>
<li>Annual holiday leave</li>
<li>Parental Leave</li>
<li>Employee Assistance Programme</li>
<li>Opportunity to travel to new locations to meet colleagues at ‘sprints’</li>
<li>Priority Pass for travel and travel upgrades for long haul company events</li>
</ul>
<p><br><strong>About Canonical</strong></p>
<p>Canonical is a pioneering tech firm that is at the forefront of the global move to open source. As the company that publishes Ubuntu, one of the most important open source projects and the platform for AI, IoT and the cloud, we are changing the world on a daily basis. We recruit on a global basis and set a very high standard for people joining the company. We expect excellence - in order to succeed, we need to be the best at what we do.</p>
<p>Canonical has been a remote-first company since its inception in 2004.​ Work at Canonical is a step into the future, and will challenge you to think differently, work smarter, learn new skills, and raise your game. Canonical provides a unique window into the world of 21st-century digital business.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Canonical is an equal opportunity employer</strong></p>
<p>We are proud to foster a workplace free from discrimination. Diversity of experience, perspectives, and background create a better work environment and better products. Whatever your identity, we will give your application fair consideration.</p>
<p>#LI-remote&nbsp;</p>
<p>Requisition ID: 602</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>