**About Agicap**

Created in Lyon in 2016 by three French entrepreneurs, Agicap is one of the fastest scale-ups in Europe, with over 8000 customers, 650 employees and fast revenue growth (7x between 2021 and 2024). Agicap is part of the French Tech 120, rewarding the most promising startups in France.

Agicap allows Finance teams of Mid-Market companies to efficiently manage and forecast their cash, pay their suppliers and get paid. By combining a Treasury Management System, and Accounts Payable and Accounts Receivable solutions into a single platform, Agicap aims at becoming the next leading Treasury Management platform for mid-market companies.

We have raised €145M since our creation, with prestigious VC funds including AVP, Greenoaks, Partech and BlackFin, with a last round in November 2024.

These additional resources further fuel our product innovation, allowing us to grow significantly and accelerate our international expansion across the world.

We believe our success comes from our highly passionate and dedicated teams, committed to building a company where people can grow and build their careers. We are constantly looking for great talents, aiming for excellence and ready to join our ambitious adventure!

[Home page](https://agicap.com/en/)

[Customer Stories](https://agicap.com/en/clients/)

[Our Values](https://career.agicap.com/article/working-at-agicap/)

As part of the Talent Acquisition team at AGICAP, in a context of hyper-growth, you’ll play a pivotal role in shaping the future of AGICAP by attracting top-tier talent that drives business success.

**Your role will be focussed on 4 points:**

* Sourcing : ensuring a full and sufficient candidate pipeline
* Screening / coaching : interviewing candidates and coach them for the next steps
* Employer Brand : being an ambassador improving the notoriety of Agicap
* Operations : maintaining a Fast, Objective and Candidate Centric process of recruitment​

**What you'll do daily:**

* Act as a strategic partner to hiring managers, shaping hiring strategies that align with AGICAP's hyper-growth trajectory
* Recruit top talents each month in Berlin for Business roles (Sales and Customer Success)
* Identify the needs of the team to establish job descriptions, candidate personas, and suitable recruitment processes
* Take ownership of end-to-end recruitment processes, from strategy to execution, while bringing your own innovative ideas to life
* Build an efficient and multi-channel sourcing strategy (inbound, outbound, referral)
* Actively hunt, on Linkedin, in order to approach and find the best profiles on the market
* Manage the new applications, do screening calls, filter, assess and coach the candidates
* Maintain a positive candidate-centric recruitment experience and improve recruitment processes (scorecard, structured interviews, analysis of candidate feedback, boost referral)
* Monitor and communicate your performance through weekly reports

**If you're looking for:**

* A fast-paced and growing environment
* An environment where you can share your ideas to build new things
* A very international and dynamic team

You're in the right place!

Our Berlin office is currently a vibrant hub of 100 pioneers, and we are just getting started. The German recruitment team is a small, high-velocity team with a massive mission: to take our German presence from "growing" to "dominant."

**This role is an explosion of possibilities.** You aren’t just managing a pipeline; you are the architect of our culture in Germany. You’ll have the autonomy of a startup with the backing of an established brand, giving you the unique chance to put your personal stamp on how we scale.

## What we're looking for:

- Fluent in German and English
- 1-2+ years experience, ideally a mix of consulting firm and scale up
- Experience in active sourcing
- Knowledge of German market
- Proactive and willing to scale our office in Berlin

**Our benefits:**

**- Competitive Compensation:** Attractive package including both fixed and variable components.

**- Prime Office Location:** Work from a large, modern office at Moritzplatz (Berlin) featuring a large terrace, snacks, and drinks.

**- Professional Development:** Access a “Mini-MBA” with a focus on Finance & Treasury via the Agicap Academy.

**- Global Collaboration:** Join a diverse international team with regular events in Berlin and occasional trips to our headquarters in France.

**- Meal & Grocery Allowance:** Receive up to **€108/month tax-free** for lunch or groceries, easily managed via the Hrmony app.

**- Tenure Rewards:** Enjoy a **€30 monthly shopping voucher** after one year and up to **two additional vacation days** based on your length of service.

**- Team Culture:** Be part of a dynamic environment with global offsites (like our recent annual seminar in Chamonix-Mont-Blanc) and local team events.

AGICAP is committed to providing equal opportunities for everyone, and we foster an inclusive work environment that values diversity!