<p><strong>About the team</strong></p>
<p>SumUp’s Point-of-Sale (POS) solution empowers cafes, shops, bars, hair salons, and other businesses to operate efficiently and grow. It offers a wide range of features, including product catalogs, inventory management, business analytics, compliance support, and loyalty tools.</p>
<p>Our POS solution integrates seamlessly into the SumUp SuperApp, which supports both our proprietary register hardware and mobile devices like tablets and phones.</p>
<p>As an<strong>&nbsp;Android Developer</strong>, you’ll collaborate with a dynamic, cross-functional team of Product Managers, Product Designers, Engineering Managers, and fellow engineers.</p>
<p><strong>About the role</strong></p>
<p>We’re evolving toward a Kotlin Multiplatform (KMP) strategy, enabling shared development across Android and iOS. In this role, you’ll learn, refine, and help implement this technology, shaping the future of our mobile apps.</p>
<p>You’re a developer who values user-centric design, precision, and seamless collaboration. You bring structure to communication and thrive in a cross-functional environment.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>This role is on-site in Berlin, where face-to-face interactions spark innovation and teamwork.</strong></p>
<p><strong>What you’ll do</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Build new features for the item catalog within the SumUp SuperApp</li>
<li>Help improve the architecture of the application and contribute to our Kotlin Multiplatform strategy</li>
<li>Enhance and maintain our unified android app, distributed across 60+ countries, ensuring high-quality, scalable solutions</li>
<li>Shape the product’s evolution by identifying opportunities for improvement and contributing to daily decision-making</li>
<li>Write thorough documentation and implement robust testing for features before shipping</li>
<li>Collaborate closely with Designer, Product Manager and Android engineers to deliver a unified UX experience across platforms</li>
<li>Coach and mentor other engineers</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>You’ll thrive in this role if:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>You have&nbsp;<strong>3</strong><strong>+ years experience&nbsp;</strong>in mobile engineering with&nbsp;<strong>Android and Kotlin.</strong></li>
<li>You have&nbsp;<strong>2+ years of experience</strong>&nbsp;working with&nbsp;<strong>Jetpack Compose.</strong></li>
<li>You have a&nbsp;<strong>solid understanding of software design patterns</strong>&nbsp;(e.g., MVVM, MVI) and expertise in building modular, scalable app architectures.</li>
<li>You have<strong>&nbsp;good knowledge of reactive programming&nbsp;</strong>(Flow, Coroutines and Concurrency).</li>
<li>You have a&nbsp;<strong>strong grasp of testing&nbsp;</strong>best practices: knowing what to test, why, and how to write resilient tests.</li>
<li>You&nbsp;<strong>strive for clean code,</strong>&nbsp;and you are flexible to&nbsp;<strong>balance pragmatism and perfection.</strong></li>
<li>You have a&nbsp;<strong>keen interest&nbsp;</strong>in multi-platform development using<strong>&nbsp;Kotlin Multiplatform.</strong></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Why you should join SumUp</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>
<p class="cui-body-o5xe cui-body-m-mwmz cui-body-regular-hd7o cui-body-normal-pvqj css-k4eprn">Be part of a company that values diversity and celebrates unique perspectives.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p class="cui-body-o5xe cui-body-m-mwmz cui-body-regular-hd7o cui-body-normal-pvqj css-k4eprn">Work with a global team of skilled professionals in an environment that fosters collaboration, learning, and growth.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p class="cui-body-o5xe cui-body-m-mwmz cui-body-regular-hd7o cui-body-normal-pvqj css-k4eprn">Be part of a global tribe building a banking solution from the ground up and delivering impactful solutions to the real-life problems of millions of SumUp merchants all over the world</p>
</li>
<li>
<p class="cui-body-o5xe cui-body-m-mwmz cui-body-regular-hd7o cui-body-normal-pvqj css-k4eprn">Career growth and learning opportunities: We invest in your development through regular training, mentorship programs, SumUp University leadership cohort and a yearly learning budget (2,000 EUR)</p>
</li>
<li>28 days paid leave + 1 for birthday</li>
<li>
<p class="cui-body-o5xe cui-body-m-mwmz cui-body-regular-hd7o cui-body-normal-pvqj css-k4eprn">Sabbatical program for tenured SumUppers</p>
</li>
<li>
<p class="cui-body-o5xe cui-body-m-mwmz cui-body-regular-hd7o cui-body-normal-pvqj css-k4eprn">Join a global team where you belong: Check out our&nbsp;<a class="cui-body-o5xe cui-body-m-mwmz cui-body-regular-hd7o cui-body-normal-pvqj cui-anchor-xoc6 cui-focus-visible-y4xg css-k1irjw e7pj9ac0" href="https://www.sumup.com/careers/diversity/?gh\_jid=7530612002">D&amp;I Initiatives and Employee Resource Groups</a>&nbsp;such as Pride Club, SumAfro, Neurodiversity, Grupos Mais, Women in Tech, and more</p>
</li>
<li>
<p class="cui-body-o5xe cui-body-m-mwmz cui-body-regular-hd7o cui-body-normal-pvqj css-k4eprn">Health &amp; wellness benefits: in-house fitness classes, gym in the office, subsidized Urban Sports Club and available psychotherapy sessions</p>
</li>
<li>
<p class="cui-body-o5xe cui-body-m-mwmz cui-body-regular-hd7o cui-body-normal-pvqj css-k4eprn">A lot of other benefits such as Subsidized Public Transport Card, Kita placement assistance, Pension Scheme, Language Learning platform/courses etc.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p class="cui-body-o5xe cui-body-m-mwmz cui-body-regular-hd7o cui-body-normal-pvqj css-k4eprn">Enrollment onto our virtual stock ownership program - you will own a stake in SumUp’s future success.</p>
</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>Job Application Tip</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We recognise that candidates feel they need to meet 100% of the job criteria in order to apply for a job. Please note that this is only a guide. If you don’t tick every box, it’s ok too because it means you have room to learn and develop your career at SumUp.</span></p></div>