<div class="content-intro"><h4><strong>Join Axon and be a Force for Good.</strong></h4>
<p>At Axon, we’re on a mission to Protect Life. We’re explorers, pursuing society’s most critical safety and justice issues with our ecosystem of devices and cloud software. Like our products, we work better together. We connect with candor and care, seeking out diverse perspectives from our customers, communities and each other.<br><br>Life at Axon is fast-paced, challenging and meaningful. Here, you’ll take ownership and drive real change. Constantly grow as you work hard for a mission that matters at a company where you matter.</p></div><p><strong>Your Impact</strong> <br>As a Technical Account Manager at Axon, you will be the primary point of contact for key customers, fostering long-term strategic partnerships. You will provide technical expertise, project management, and customer advocacy to ensure stakeholders achieve operational goals using Axon’s products. Collaborating with cross-functional teams, you will offer valuable insights into customer needs and challenges, influencing internal product roadmaps and projects. Wearing multiple hats—from consultant to product expert to project manager—you will help customers optimize their daily workflows. <br><br>You will play a crucial role in ensuring Axon’s solutions align with key customer requirements while providing exemplary technical support and customer service. Your expertise and commitment will directly contribute to Axon’s mission of protecting life and enabling transparency through innovative technology. <br><br><strong>What You’ll Do</strong> <br>Location: Melbourne, Australia (On-site minimum 3 days per week)<br>Travel Expectations: 20%<br>Reports to: Service Delivery Manager, Australia &amp; New Zealand</p>
<ul>
<li>Achieve expertise in Axon technologies, including Axon Evidence, body cameras, and Fleet system.</li>
<li>Serve as the primary technical liaison between Axon and the customers.</li>
<li>Participate in operational and technical meetings, ensuring effective communication and collaboration.</li>
<li>Build and maintain an internal Axon network to support both the customer-facing Axon team and the customer Project Team.</li>
<li>Provide field support, including setup and configuration of Axon hardware such as TASER and BWC docking stations.</li>
<li>Assist the customer in inventory management of Axon devices</li>
<li>Monitor support tickets, provide technical troubleshooting (tier 2 level support) and escalate when necessary.</li>
<li>Ensure Service Level Requirements (SLRs) and contractual obligations are met.</li>
<li>Assist the Program Manager customer and/or professional services team by providing requested materials, information, and Voice of Customer (VOC) documentation. Communicate customer feedback across Axon teams and collaborate to drive product improvements.</li>
<li>Identify and escalate risks to facilitate internal and executive collaboration.</li>
<li>Interpret and communicate Axon release notes, tailoring information relevant to the customer to enhance understanding and drive product adoption.</li>
<li>Support monthly invoicing by ensuring reliable billing counts and maintaining Salesforce records.</li>
<li>Facilitate training and knowledge transfer for customer integrations (APIs, workflows, auto-tagging, etc.).</li>
<li>Assist in customer security assessments and vendor refresh assessments for major architectural changes.</li>
<li>Maintain knowledge of the customer’s technical landscape, including infrastructure, policies, and procurement processes.</li>
<li>Maintain and administer deployment records, including shipment tracking and RMA’s.</li>
<li>Develop and enhance technical documentation and knowledge base articles to improve customer support, self-service capabilities, and overall product comprehension.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>What You Bring</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><em>Australian Citizenship</em> (required for working with sensitive government data; must pass security clearance).</li>
<li>5+ years of IT experience in a support or deployment role.</li>
<li>Experience working with law enforcement and/or government entities.</li>
<li>Proven track record of managing customer relationships and technical projects successfully.</li>
<li>Ability to work autonomously to meet objectives with minimal oversight.</li>
<li>Robust IT background, with expertise in:</li>
<ul>
<li>Software image creation and maintenance.</li>
<li><u>Routing, switching methodologies, Wi-Fi, telecommunications, and Internet technologies.</u></li>
<li>Microsoft Server &amp; Client operating systems, Microsoft SQL Server, Active Directory, Azure (Entra ID).</li>
<li>Network Administration (TCP/IP, DHCP, DNS, SSH, Firewalls).</li>
<li>API integrations and SAAS applications.</li>
</ul>
<li>Solid ability to tailor technical discussions to varied audiences.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<h4>&nbsp;</h4><div class="content-conclusion"><p>Don’t meet every single requirement? That's ok. At Axon, we Aim Far. We think big with a long-term view because we want to reinvent the world to be a safer, better place. We are also committed to building diverse teams that reflect the communities we serve.</p>
<p>Studies have shown that women and people of color are less likely to apply to jobs unless they check every box in the job description. If you’re excited about this role and our mission to Protect Life but your experience doesn’t align perfectly with every qualification listed here, we encourage you to apply anyways. You may be just the right candidate for this or other roles.</p>
<p><strong>Important Notes</strong></p>
<p><em>The above job description is not intended as, nor should it be construed as, exhaustive of all duties, responsibilities, skills, efforts, or working conditions associated with this job. The job description may change or be supplemented at any time in accordance with business needs and conditions.</em></p>
<p><em>Some roles may also require legal eligibility to work in a firearms environment.</em></p>
<p><em>We collect personal information from applicants to evaluate candidates for employment. You may request access, deletion, or exercise other CCPA rights at&nbsp;<strong data-stringify-type="bold"><a class="c-link c-link--underline" href="mailto:axongreenhousesupport@axon.com" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="mailto:axongreenhousesupport@axon.com" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">axongreenhousesupport@axon.com</a></strong>&nbsp;or via our&nbsp;<a class="c-link c-link--underline" href="https://privacyportal.onetrust.com/webform/0efc1702-9321-4119-bc9d-a06c3a1d3e4e/ca57cc26-a159-4193-9f6e-58ffe3fd2509" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://privacyportal.onetrust.com/webform/0efc1702-9321-4119-bc9d-a06c3a1d3e4e/ca57cc26-a159-4193-9f6e-58ffe3fd2509" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">Axon Privacy Web Form</a>. For more information, please see the Your California Privacy Rights section of our&nbsp;<a class="c-link c-link--underline" href="https://www.axon.com/candidateprivacypolicy" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://www.axon.com/candidateprivacypolicy" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">Applicant and Candidate Privacy Notice.</a></em></p>
<p><em>Axon’s mission is to Protect Life and is committed to the well-being and safety of its employees as well as Axon’s impact on the environment. All Axon employees must be aware of and committed to the appropriate environmental, health, and safety regulations, policies, and procedures. Axon employees are empowered to report safety concerns as they arise and activities potentially impacting the environment.</em></p>
<p><em>We are an equal opportunity employer that promotes justice, advances equity, values diversity and fosters inclusion. We’re committed to hiring the best talent — regardless of race, creed, color, ancestry, religion, sex (including pregnancy), national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship status, marital status, disability, gender identity, genetic information, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances — and empowering all of our employees so they can do their best work. If you have a disability or special need that requires assistance or accommodation during the application or the recruiting process, please email <a href="mailto:recruitingops@axon.com">recruitingops@axon.com. </a>&nbsp;Please note that this email address is for accommodation purposes only. Axon will not respond to inquiries for other purposes.</em></p>
<p>Phishing alert:&nbsp; Axon will never ask you to pay for any part of the hiring process, including training, equipment, or background checks. We do not make job offers via text message, WhatsApp, or instant messaging platforms without a formal interview process.&nbsp; All legitimate job openings are listed on our official careers page at <a href="https://www.axon.com/careers">https://www.axon.com/careers</a>. &nbsp;If you receive a suspicious offer or outreach from an email address that is not <strong>@axon.com</strong>, or if you are asked for sensitive personal information (bank details, Social Security Number) prematurely, please ignore the message and report it to <a href="mailto:recruitingops@axon.com">recruitingops@axon.com</a>.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p></div>