<p><strong>Role OVO-View</strong></p>
<p><strong>Location:</strong> Hub based! Bristol (Preferred)</p>
<p>But you have the flexibility to work wherever suits you best</p>
<p><strong>Team:</strong> EMO - Energy Markets &amp; Optimisation</p>
<p><strong>Salary banding: </strong>£36,000 - £60,000 - depending on experience&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Experience: </strong>3+ years in a Energy Trading or Risk Management role</p>
<p><strong>Working pattern:</strong><strong> </strong>Full-Time</p>
<p><strong>Reporting to:</strong> Portfolio Management Lead</p>
<p><strong>Sponsorship:</strong> Unfortunately we are unable to offer sponsorship for this role.</p>
<p><strong>This role in 3 words:</strong> Analysis, Development, Expert</p>
<p><strong>Top 3 qualities for this role: </strong>Diligence, attention to detail, commercial acumen</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Where you’ll work:</strong></p>
<p>At OVO, we understand that a one size fits all approach doesn’t work for everyone. That’s why we created the OVO Way of Flexibility.</p>
<p>All our roles are hub based (Bristol, Glasgow or London), providing a dedicated space for collaboration, connection and teamwork. You’ll also have the flexibility to work from home.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Everyone belongs at OVO</strong></p>
<p>At OVO, we are on a mission to solve one of humanity's biggest challenges, the climate crisis. And we know it takes all of us to change the world. That's why we need diverse people from all abilities, gender identities, ethnicities, ages, sexual orientations, life experiences and backgrounds to join us.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Teamworking for the planet</strong></p>
<p>Everything we do here spins around <a href="https://company.ovo.com/planzero/">Plan Zero.</a> So, naturally, the team you’ll be joining plays a gigantic role in making that happen.&nbsp;</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>This role in a nutshell:</strong></p>
<p>As part of the Energy Markets and Optimisation (EMO) function, this role will report into the Portfolio Management Lead.&nbsp; This is an exciting opportunity to develop a deep understanding of Energy Market Risks and the strategies to mitigate them.&nbsp; The analysis carried out will be key in supporting the development of risk management strategies to mitigate complex energy and non-energy risks associated with domestic supply.&nbsp;</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Your key outcomes will be:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Managing large data sets of costs and revenues to ensure the team has accurate information to understand the business' risk to a large set of complex exposures</li>
<li>Understand changes to market rules and regulations and the effect that has on Ovo’s hedging strategies</li>
<li>Work with the Energy Data Science team to understand the range of outcomes of Ovo’s costs and revenues</li>
<li>Development and effective management of the Gross Margin at Risk (GMaR) metric</li>
<li>Designing of hedge strategies that increase the certainty of achieving forecast gross margin</li>
<li>Understand and manage Ovo’s exposures to weather using appropriate derivative instruments</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>You’ll be successful in this role at </strong><strong>OVO if you…</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Are a numbers person, confident in dealing with large data sets and extracting key insight &amp; results</li>
<li>Can learn quickly in order to develop a detailed understanding of current models and processes, the energy market and our wholesale energy trading activities</li>
<li>Are able to take the initiative in addressing complex challenges.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Highly analytical with strong data manipulation skills and advanced Excel knowledge.</li>
<li>Experience with writing SQL queries</li>
<li>Experience in data visualisation tools (eg Tableau)</li>
<li>Experience with data analysis in a programming language (eg. Python or R)</li>
<li>Demonstrable high attention to detail.</li>
<li>Strong communication skills.</li>
<li>Ability to break down complex problems, often involving large amounts of data.</li>
<li>A team player who thrives in a challenging environment.</li>
<li>Flexibility; willing to contribute on a range of work aspects.</li>
<li>Self-starter, comfortable working both autonomously and with colleagues to deliver value in a small, high-functioning team.</li>
<li>Are comfortable with an unpredictable and changing workload - you'll need to react to changes in the market and business requirements</li>
<li>Thrive in a fast-paced, dynamic environment</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Let’s talk about what’s in it for you</strong></p>
<p>We’ll pay you between £36,000 and £60,000 depending on your specific skills and experience. If your expectations are a little different, have a chat with us!</p>
<p>We keep our pay ranges broad on purpose to give us, and you, flexibility to match your experience to our zero carbon mission.</p>
<p>You’ll be eligible for an on-target bonus of 15%. We have one OVO bonus plan that focuses on the collective performance of our people to deliver our Plan Zero goal.&nbsp;</p>
<p>We also offer plenty of green benefits and progressive policies to help you feel like you belong at OVO…and there’s flex pay. We'll give you 9% Flex Pay on top of your salary – 4% of this is auto enrolled into your pension, and the remaining 5% is yours to do what you like with. You can use this to buy from our extensive range of flexible benefits, including our green benefits which we've put at the heart of our offering, add to your pension or even take it as cash.</p>
<p>Here’s a taster of what’s on offer:&nbsp;</p>
<p>For starters, you’ll get 34 days of holiday (including bank holidays). <br><br><strong>For your health</strong><strong><br></strong>With benefits like a healthcare cash plan or private medical insurance depending on your career level, critical illness cover, life assurance, health assessments, and more<br><strong><br></strong><strong>For your wellbeing</strong><strong><br></strong>With gym membership, travel insurance, workplace ISA, will writing services, dental insurance, and more <strong><br></strong><strong><br></strong><strong>For your lifestyle </strong><strong><br></strong>With extra holiday buying, discount dining, home &amp; tech loans, and supporting your favourite charities with give-as-you-earn donations<br><br><strong>For your home&nbsp; </strong><strong><br></strong>Get up to £400 towards any OVO Energy plan, plus great discounts on solar, smart thermostats and EV chargers<br><strong><br></strong><strong>For your commute </strong><strong><br></strong>Nab a great deal on ultra-low emission car leasing<strong>, </strong>plus our cycle to work scheme and public transport season ticket loans <br><br>Want to hear about our full range of flexible benefits and progressive people policies? Our People Team can tell you everything you need to know.</p>
<p><strong>For your Belonging</strong></p>
<p>To find better ways to support our people, we need to listen to each other’s experiences and find ways to build a truly inclusive and diverse workplace. As part of this, we have 8 Belonging Networks at OVO. Led by our people, for our people - so when you join OVO, you can play a part - big or small - with any of the Networks. It's up to you.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Oh, and one last thing...</strong></p>
<p>We’d be thrilled if you tick off all our boxes, yet we also believe it’s just as important we tick off all of yours. And if you think you have most of what we’re looking for but not every single thing, go ahead and hit <strong>apply</strong>. We’d still love to hear from you!</p>
<p>If you have any additional requirements, there’s a space to let us know on the application form; we want to make the process as easy and comfortable for you as possible..</p>