<div class="content-intro"><p><strong data-stringify-type="bold">Why work at Nebius<br></strong>Nebius is leading a new era in cloud computing to serve the global AI economy. We create the tools and resources our customers need to solve real-world challenges and transform industries, without massive infrastructure costs or the need to build large in-house AI/ML teams. Our employees work at the cutting edge of AI cloud infrastructure alongside some of the most experienced and innovative leaders and engineers in the field.</p>
<p><strong>Where we work<br></strong>Headquartered in Amsterdam and listed on Nasdaq, Nebius has a global footprint with R&amp;D hubs across Europe, North America, and Israel. The team of over 1400 employees includes more than 400 highly skilled engineers with deep expertise across hardware and software engineering, as well as an in-house AI R&amp;D team.</p></div><h3><strong><span data-contrast="auto">The role</span></strong></h3>
<p>The VPC (Virtual Private Cloud) team builds and operates the core networking layer of our cloud platform. We enable virtual machines to communicate reliably by abstracting them from the underlying physical network, providing seamless IP-based connectivity even as workloads move across the datacenter.</p>
<p>Our team designs secure, isolated private networks for customers, connects them to the public internet, and delivers essential networking services such as load balancers, firewalls, and security groups. Because nearly every cloud application depends on networking, VPC is a foundational service for the entire platform.</p>
<p>Stability and resilience are our top priorities—we engineer systems to remain reliable and operational even when parts of the cloud experience failures.</p>
<p><strong>What we do:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Increase service scalability</li>
<li>Developing service functionality (e.g. IPv6 support, service endpoints, VPC peering, L7 load balancers and other networking services)</li>
<li>Improve the internal architecture, optimizing interaction with related services<strong>&nbsp;</strong></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>In this position, your responsibility will be to</strong>:</p>
<ul>
<li>Develop control &amp; data plane for Nebius Cloud network services</li>
<li>Improve service performance and reliability</li>
<li>Automate complex cross-service interaction scenarios</li>
<li>Perform load testing for services</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>We expect you to have</strong><strong>:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Capable of writing reliable, high-performance code</li>
<li>Proficient in C/C++ or Go and ready to learn both.</li>
<li>Familiar with routing network traffic</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>It would be an added bonus if you had</strong><strong>:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Worked with VPP, DPDK, and the Linux kernel network subsystem</li>
<li>Well-versed in virtual networks and overlays, SDN, NFV, DPI, network protocols, routing and tunneling, BGP, and MPL</li>
</ul>
<p><span data-ccp-props="{}"><em data-stringify-type="italic">We conduct coding interviews as part of the process.</em></span></p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>What we offer</strong>&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>Competitive salary and comprehensive benefits package.</li>
<li>Opportunities for professional growth within Nebius.</li>
<li>Flexible working arrangements.</li>
<li>A dynamic and collaborative work environment that values initiative and innovation.</li>
</ul>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">We’re growing and expanding our products every day. If you’re up to the challenge and are excited about AI and ML as much as we are, join us!</span></p></div>