<div class="content-intro"><p class="sc-gEkIjz cjtSrT MuiTypography-root MuiTypography-body1 sc-hoLEA">Raisin is the world's leading platform for savings and investment products. Founded in 2012, the&nbsp;<strong>FinTech</strong> connects consumers with banks in the EU, the UK and the US. This gives consumers <strong>better interest rates</strong> and banks a <strong>diversified form of refinancing</strong>. Our vision is to offer savings and investments without barriers and thus open up the global 160 trillion euro market.</p>
<p class="sc-gEkIjz cjtSrT MuiTypography-root MuiTypography-body1 sc-hoLEA">Raisin currently employs more than 800 people from over 75 countries worldwide. Today, the platform holds over 80 billion euros in assets from&nbsp;<strong>more than one million investors</strong> which have accrued over 5 billion euros in returns.</p></div><p><span style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0);"><strong>Team</strong></span></p>
<p>Join the Anti-Financial Crime (AFC) department as our MLRO/GwB. You will lead our mission to prevent, detect, and combat money laundering, terrorism financing, and fraud. As the primary contact for BaFin and the FIU, you ensure Raisin Bank meets Geldwäschegesetz (GwG) and Kreditwesengesetz (KWG) requirements. In this role, you collaborate with a team of experts to develop internal guidelines, oversee control mechanisms, and manage training programs to ensure group-wide AFC compliance and integrity.</p>
<p><strong>Your Responsibilities</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Regulatory Liaison: Act as the primary interface with the BaFin and the Financial Intelligence Unit (FIU).</li>
<li>Policy Development: Design, implement, and maintain internal AFC policies, ensuring they reflect the latest updates to the GwG and AuA.</li>
<li>Risk Management: Conduct and regularly update the group’s annual risk analysis to identify institutional risks related to money laundering and fraud.</li>
<li>Monitoring &amp; Investigation: Oversee the transaction monitoring systems and conduct manual investigations into high-risk accounts or complex structures.</li>
<li>Advisory: Provide expert guidance to the Board and business units on high-risk client onboarding (PEP, High-Risk Jurisdictions) and the compliance implications of new products.</li>
<li>Training: Develop and deliver mandatory AML/CTF training programs for all employees to foster a robust culture of compliance.</li>
<li>Auditing: Coordinate with internal and external auditors during annual § 25h KWG audits.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Your Profile</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Minimum 5-7 years of relevant professional experience as an MLRO or Deputy MLRO within a bank.</li>
<li>Expert knowledge of statutory requirements, particularly the German Money Laundering Act (GwG), BaFin AuA, AML Regulation, EBA Guidelines, and the German Banking Act (KWG).</li>
<li>Deep expertise in the areas of KYC, customer identification, and complex risk rating methodologies.</li>
<li>Proven experience in defending risk analyses before boards of management and supervisory authorities.</li>
<li>Hands-on mentality and independent, proactive action paired with high entrepreneurial drive</li>
<li>Strong analytical and conceptual skills combined with high decision making authority regarding technological innovations.</li>
<li>Highest degree of integrity, a sense of responsibility, and the personal reliability required for a key function.</li>
<li>Excellent communication and negotiation skills in both German and English.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Join our mission, join our team – and grow with us!</strong></p>
<p>At Raisin, we care about each other and it is one of our top priorities to foster an open and caring environment in which everyone feels welcome and comfortable. Our culture is strongly driven by our ambitious team, which connects more than 75 different nationalities.</p>
<p>As part of our team, you will benefit from:</p>
<ul>
<li>Employee Development Budget of €2,000 and four full training days per year.</li>
<li>Flexible working hours, home office and 30 vacation days.</li>
<li>A company pension scheme (Betriebliche Altersvorsorge), which we support with 20%.</li>
<li>Enjoy more than 50+ different sports with Urban Sports Club: We subsidize your membership with more than €20 per month.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Do you miss being in the office? The Deutschland Ticket gets you there, which we subsidize with €25 per month.</li>
<li>Love cycling? With JobRad, lease the bike of your choice and enjoy tax savings, plus Raisin covers your monthly insurance costs.</li>
<li>Hungry all the time? Snacks, daily fresh fruit as well as drinks provided at the office.</li>
<li>You are moving from another country or city to join us? We may support your relocation.</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><p><a href="https://www.raisin.com/corporate/raisin-applicant-privacy-policy/"><em>Raisin Applicant Privacy Policy</em></a></p>
<p data-start="728" data-end="900">We value diversity and the unique experiences each individual brings. If you’re excited about this role but don’t meet every requirement, we still encourage you to apply.</p>
<p data-start="907" data-end="1013">We are an equal opportunity employer and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for everyone, regardless of race, colour, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, or gender identity.</p></div>