<h2><strong>The role</strong></h2>
<p>As Delivery Proposition System Manager (all genders) you are part of our Delivery Management team within the International Logistics Department and are responsible for designing as well as managing data-driven delivery propositions that shape the global customer delivery experience.</p>
<p>As the technical owner of delivery configuration, you’ll ensure a seamless scheduling experience across multiple countries by managing delivery options such as days, time windows, services, pricing, and speed. You’ll work closely with supply chain, tech, and analytics teams to optimize delivery availability, manage capacity, tailor experiences by customer segment, and maintain smooth operations during peak and holiday periods.</p>
<p>Please note that this role is offered on a fixed-term basis for 24 months, with the aim of transitioning to a permanent position afterwards.</p>
<h2><strong>What you’ll do</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li><strong>Global Delivery Proposition Ownership:</strong> Acting as the primary delivery proposition stakeholder for HelloFresh’s global operations, owning cutoffs (ordering deadlines) and delivery options, including days, time windows, services, pricing, and recommendations.</li>
<li><strong>System transparency &amp; explainability:</strong> Translating complex system logic into clear explanations for non-technical stakeholders when incidents or questions arise, and supporting the senior leadership team with analysis to drive informed decision-making.</li>
<li><strong>Configuration, validation &amp; improvement: </strong>Maintaining and improving demand steering systems and logistics configurator to ensure alignment with local needs and global standards. This includes: Configuring and testing delivery proposition experiments, identifying misconfigurations early, and suggesting improvements to enhance the technical and commercial impact of these tools.</li>
<li><strong>Systems governance &amp; auditing:</strong> Owning regular system audits and maintaining detailed documentation of delivery management processes to ensure global standards by keeping a detailed audit trail of validation work in Jira with accurate reporting of outcomes.</li>
<li><strong>Upstream risk detection:</strong> Identifying and flagging risks in delivery strategies across different markets that could lead to capacity breaches or cutoff misconfigurations.</li>
<li><strong style="text-align: justify;">Peak &amp; holiday monitoring:</strong><span style="text-align: justify;"> Leading the independent validation for holiday shifts and peak periods, providing formal "Go/No-Go" recommendations based on evidence-based risk assessments.</span></li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>What you’ll bring</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>3+ years of experience in Logistics, Supply Chain, or Quality Assurance, with a heavy focus on operational execution and system control.</li>
<li>Intermediate or advanced SQL skills to query system output, and Tableau proficiency to visualize and communicate findings independently.</li>
<li>A disciplined, precise, and consistent working style, with a strong preference for clear SOPs and technical accuracy over ambiguity.</li>
<li>Strong attention to detail and a structured approach to documentation, audit trails, and maintaining a reliable “source of truth” for operational processes.</li>
<li>Clear communication skills, with the ability to translate complex system issues and failures into simple, data-backed explanations for stakeholders.</li>
<li>A data-driven mindset with strong technical curiosity, eagerness to adopt new tools (including AI) and evaluate experiments to generate actionable insights.</li>
<li>Fluent English skills (written and spoken).</li>
<li>Willingness to travel internationally as part of the role (up to 25%).</li>
</ul>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Above all, we are looking for people who will <strong>make HelloFresh</strong> <strong>better.</strong> We believe there are many different ways of developing skills and we love diverse experiences! So even if you don’t “tick all the boxes” but think you’d thrive in this role, we would really like to learn more about you.</span></p>
<h2><strong>What we offer</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Immerse yourself in a diverse global community of 90+ nationalities.</li>
<li>Enjoy a competitive compensation package that goes beyond the norm, with perks like a HelloFresh- subsidized Pension Scheme, Berlin relocation support, and a Hybrid working model.</li>
<li>Elevate your lifestyle with exclusive discounts on your weekly HelloFresh box and office meals.</li>
<li>Invest in your growth with an annual learning &amp; development budget, German language learning budget, and access to the HelloFresh Academy.</li>
<li>Plus, we've got your well-being covered with mental health support, transportation perks, and working-parent-friendly benefits. From our 24/7 gym access,wellbeing platforms like Headspace and Spill, to sabbatical leave options, HelloFresh is not just a workplace; it's a lifestyle of perks and possibilities!</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Are you the missing ingredient?</strong></h2>
<p style="text-align: justify;"><span style="font-weight: 400;"><strong>&nbsp;</strong>If this sounds like a tasty opportunity, we’d be excited to hear from you. We aim to review your profile and respond within 5 business days.</span></p>
<p style="text-align: justify;">&nbsp;</p>
<p style="text-align: justify;"><span style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="color: rgb(206, 212, 217);">#JD1002</span>&nbsp;</span></p>