<div class="content-intro"><p>Figma is growing our team of passionate creatives and builders on a mission to make design accessible to all. Figma’s platform helps teams bring ideas to life—whether you're brainstorming, creating a prototype, translating designs into code, or iterating with AI. From idea to product, Figma empowers teams to streamline workflows, move faster, and work together in real time from anywhere in the world. If you're excited to shape the future of design and collaboration, join us!</p></div><p>As a Customer Enablement Manager, you’ll work directly with some of our largest customers to help them get the most value from the Figma platform. You'll design and deliver tailored enablement strategies that drive product adoption, help uncover new use cases, and support long-term success.</p>
<p>In this highly collaborative role, you’ll partner with various internal teams such as Account Executives, Onboarding Managers, Technical Account Managers, and Industry Advocates to deliver a seamless and impactful customer experience to deliver thoughtful, engaging experiences for our customers. Your ability to build strong relationships, connect the dots between product features and customer goals, and communicate with clarity will make you a trusted advisor and strategic partner.</p>
<p>If you’re passionate about helping customers thrive, enjoy solving complex problems, and love working at the intersection of product and customer success, we’d love to meet you.</p>
<p>This is a Hybrid role, based from our Hub in Paris, France.</p>
<p><strong>What you’ll do at Figma:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Manage the adoption journey for a portfolio of large, strategic customers</li>
<li>Understand customer goals and success metrics, and use product data to inform proactive engagement strategies that lead to measurable value delivery</li>
<li>Document proactive engagement strategies as part of high quality, bespoke enablement plans</li>
<li>Share best practices, use cases, and product expertise to help teams unlock the full value of Figma</li>
<li>Build trusted relationships with stakeholders across roles and departments - from individual contributors to senior leaders</li>
<li>Identify and empower internal champions who can advocate for Figma within their organizations</li>
<li>Collaborate with Account Executives on account reviews, expansion opportunities, and renewal risk mitigation</li>
<li>Deliver live and scalable training sessions customized to customer maturity and needs</li>
<li>Partner cross-functionally with Onboarding Managers, Technical Account Managers, Solutions Consultants, and Industry Advocates to ensure customer success<br><br></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>We’d love to hear from you if you have:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>4+ years of experience in Technical Account Management, Technical Customer Success, Customer Success, Customer Enablement, Account Management or a relevant customer-facing role in SaaS</li>
<li>Excellent communication skills, with the ability to connect with a wide range of customer personas</li>
<li>Strong product knowledge and a customer-first, consultative approach to solving challenges and driving adoption</li>
<li>A track record of driving impactful outcomes, adapting to evolving customer needs, and collaborating effectively with cross-functional teams</li>
</ul>
<p><br><strong>While it’s not required, it’s an added plus if you also have:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Experience using Figma or working with design and collaboration tools</li>
<li>Background in UX/UI, Design Ops, or Frontend Development</li>
</ul>
<p>At Figma, one of our values is Grow as you go. We believe in hiring smart, curious people who are excited to learn and develop their skills. If you’re excited about this role but your past experience doesn’t align perfectly with the points outlined in the job description, we encourage you to apply anyways. You may be just the right candidate for this or other roles.</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p>At Figma we celebrate and support our differences. We know employing a team rich in diverse thoughts, experiences, and opinions allows our employees, our product and our community to flourish. Figma is an <a href="https://www.eeoc.gov/sites/default/files/2022-10/EEOC\_KnowYourRights\_screen\_reader\_10\_20.pdf">equal opportunity workplace</a> - we are dedicated to equal employment opportunities regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity/expression, veteran status<strong>, </strong>or any other characteristic protected by law. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements.</p>
<p>We will work to ensure individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to apply for a role, participate in the interview process, perform essential job functions, and receive other benefits and privileges of employment. If you require accommodation, please reach out to <a href="mailto:accommodations-ext@figma.com">accommodations-ext@figma.com</a>. These modifications enable an individual with a disability to have an equal opportunity not only to get a job, but successfully perform their job tasks to the same extent as people without disabilities.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Examples of accommodations include but are not limited to:&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>Holding interviews in an accessible location</li>
<li>Enabling closed captioning on video conferencing</li>
<li>Ensuring all written communication be compatible with screen readers</li>
<li>Changing the mode or format of interviews&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p>To ensure the integrity of our hiring process and facilitate a more personal connection, we require all candidates keep their cameras on during video interviews. Additionally, if hired you will be required to attend in person onboarding.</p>
<p>By applying for this job, the candidate acknowledges and agrees that any personal data contained in their application or supporting materials will be processed in accordance with <a class="c-link c-link--underline" href="https://www.figma.com/legal/candidate-privacy-notice/" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://www.figma.com/legal/candidate-privacy-notice/" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">Figma's Candidate Privacy Notice</a>.</p></div>