<div class="content-intro"><p>Fastly helps people stay better connected with the things they love. Fastly’s edge cloud platform enables customers to create great digital experiences quickly, securely, and reliably by processing, serving, and securing our customers’ applications as close to their end-users as possible — at the edge of the Internet. The platform is designed to take advantage of the modern internet, to be programmable, and to support agile software development. Fastly’s customers include many of the world’s most prominent companies, including GitHub, Yelp, Paramount, and JetBlue.</p>
<p>We're building a more trustworthy Internet. Come join us.</p></div><h2>SOC Analyst -Japan, APAC</h2>
<p>Fastly is seeking a SOC Analyst to join our dedicated Customer Security Operations Centre. In this role, you will be a frontline defender for Fastly’s global enterprise customers. You will leverage our edge cloud platform and an array of security products in monitoring traffic, detect sophisticated anomalies, and deploy real-time mitigations against DDoS, Bot, and Web Application attacks.</p>
<p>This is a high-impact role where you act as a strategic partner for our Managed Security Service (MSS) clients, providing the expert visibility and rapid response necessary to address internet-scale threats.</p>
<h3>What you’ll Do :&nbsp;</h3>
<ul>
<li>
<p>Active Incident Response: Lead the identification and mitigation of high-impact security events. You will analyze sophisticated traffic patterns and implement precise countermeasures, including rate limiting and custom WAF &amp; Security rules to neutralize threats in real-time.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Managed Security Delivery: Serve as a primary security consultant for MSS Customers. This involves continuous tuning and refining of security policies to optimize detection accuracy and maintaining a hardened security posture tailored to each client's unique environment.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Advanced Threat Hunting: Conduct data-driven investigations using log analysis to uncover potential threats and hardenings opportunities&nbsp;</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Security Intelligence &amp; Reporting: Author comprehensive After Action Reports (AARs) and monthly security summaries. You will translate complex telemetry and attack data into high-level actionable insights for customer stakeholders.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Strategic Communication: Act as the Subject Matter Expert (SME) during active security incidents. You will provide clear, calm, and professional guidance via real-time communication channels, ensuring customers are informed and confident in our defensive strategy.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<h3>What we are looking for :&nbsp;</h3>
<ul>
<li>Fluency in Japanese and English</li>
<li>
<p>Web Security Expertise: Comprehensive understanding of the OWASP Top 10 and advanced attack vectors (e.g., Credential Stuffing, API Abuse, and Layer 7 DDoS). You can interpret raw payloads to distinguish between malicious intent and legitimate traffic.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Protocol Proficiency: Deep technical knowledge of the internet stack, specifically HTTP/S, TCP/IP, DNS, and TLS. You should be comfortable analyzing handshake processes, header structures, and status codes.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Analytical Rigor: A methodical approach to digital forensics and incident response. You possess the ability to correlate disparate data points within JSON or CSV logs to reconstruct an attack narrative.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Communication Excellence: The ability to distill complex technical findings into concise, professional, and empathetic communications for both technical and non-technical audiences.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<h3>We’ll be super impressed if you have experience in any of these:&nbsp;</h3>
<ul>
<li>
<p>Proficiency in Python or Bash for log parsing and workflow automation.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Experience with Infrastructure as Code/Security as Code(SaC) (Terraform) or edge-based configurations.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Industry-standard certifications such as CompTIA CySA+, GCIH, or Security+.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>Work Hours</p>
<p>This position will require you to work during scheduled hours from 9am - 6pm</p>
<p><br>Work Location(s) &amp; Travel Requirements:&nbsp;</p>
<p>This position is open to the following preferred office location ONLY:</p>
<p>Tokyo, Japan</p>
<p>Fastly currently embraces a largely hybrid model for most roles which allows employees some flexibility to split their time between the office and home. Candidates based remotely in Japan with Japanese language skills will be considered.</p>
<p>This position may require travel as required by your role or requested by your manager.</p>
<p>Salary:</p>
<p>Starting salary may vary based on permissible, non-discriminatory factors such as experience, skills, qualifications, and location.</p>
<p>This role may be eligible to participate in Fastly’s equity and discretionary bonus programs.</p>
<p>Benefits:&nbsp;</p>
<p>We care about you. Fastly works hard to create a positive environment for our employees, and we think your life outside of work is important too. We support our teams with great benefits that start on the first day of your employment with Fastly. Curious about our offerings?&nbsp;</p>
<p>We offer a comprehensive benefits package designed to meet your needs. Our offerings may vary depending on the country where you work and are subject to change.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>Why Fastly?</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>
<p><strong>We have a huge impact.</strong>&nbsp;Fastly is a small company with a big reach. Not only do<a class="external-link" href="https://www.fastly.com/customers" target="\_blank">&nbsp;our customers</a>&nbsp;have a tremendous user base, but we also support a growing number of<a class="external-link" href="https://www.fastly.com/open-source/" target="\_blank">&nbsp;open source projects and initiatives</a>.&nbsp;Outside of code, employees are encouraged to share causes close to their heart with others so we can help lend a supportive hand.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p><strong>We value diversity.</strong>&nbsp;Growing and maintaining our inclusive and diverse team matters to us. We are committed to being a company where our employees feel comfortable bringing their authentic selves to work and have the ability to be successful -- every day.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p><strong>We are passionate.</strong>&nbsp;Fastly is chock full of passionate people and we’re not ‘one size fits all’. Fastly employs authors, pilots, skiers, parents (of humans and animals), makeup geeks, coffee connoisseurs, and more. We love employees for who they are and what they are passionate about.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>We’re always looking for humble, sharp, and creative folks to join the Fastly team. If you think you might be a fit please apply!</strong><strong> A fully completed application and resume or CV are required when applying.</strong></p>
<p><em>All job applications must be submitted through our official careers site at </em><a href="http://www.fastly.com/careers"><em>www.fastly.com/about/careers</em></a><em>. We will never request sensitive information, such as your Social Security number, bank account or credit card information during the application process. All official communication will come from an @</em><a href="http://fastly.com"><em>fastly.com</em></a><em> or @</em><a href="http://recruiting.fastly.com"><em>recruiting.fastly.com</em></a><em> email address. </em></p>
<p><em><span style="font-weight: 400;">Fastly is committed to ensuring equal employment opportunity and to providing employees with a safe and welcoming work environment free of discrimination and harassment. Our employment decisions are based on business needs, job requirements and individual qualifications.</span></em><em><span style="font-weight: 400;"> All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, family or parental status, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances.</span></em></p>
<p><em><span style="font-weight: 400;">Consistent with the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) and federal or state disability laws, Fastly will provide reasonable accommodations for applicants and employees with disabilities. If reasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and/or to receive other benefits and privileges of employment, please contact your Recruiter, or the Fastly Employee Relations team at </span></em><a href="mailto:candidateaccommodations@fastly.com"><em><span style="font-weight: 400;">candidateaccommodations@fastly.com</span></em></a><em><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or 501-287-4901.&nbsp; </span></em></p>
<p><em>Fastly collects and processes personal data submitted by job applicants in accordance with our<a class="external-link" href="https://www.fastly.com/privacy" target="\_blank">&nbsp;Privacy Policy</a>. Please see our<a class="external-link" href="https://www.fastly.com/privacy-job-applicants" target="\_blank">&nbsp;privacy notice for job applicants</a>.</em></p></div>