<div class="content-intro"><p class="sc-gEkIjz cjtSrT MuiTypography-root MuiTypography-body1 sc-hoLEA">Raisin is the world's leading platform for savings and investment products. Founded in 2012, the&nbsp;<strong>FinTech</strong> connects consumers with banks in the EU, the UK and the US. This gives consumers <strong>better interest rates</strong> and banks a <strong>diversified form of refinancing</strong>. Our vision is to offer savings and investments without barriers and thus open up the global 160 trillion euro market.</p>
<p class="sc-gEkIjz cjtSrT MuiTypography-root MuiTypography-body1 sc-hoLEA">Raisin currently employs more than 800 people from over 75 countries worldwide. Today, the platform holds over 80 billion euros in assets from&nbsp;<strong>more than one million investors</strong> which have accrued over 5 billion euros in returns.</p></div><p>Team</p>
<p>The Group Data Protection Team at Raisin is responsible for safeguarding personal data and ensuring compliance with privacy regulations across the group and its entities. Their work covers two main focus areas: Data Protection Legal and Privacy Operations (Privacy Ops). In the legal area, the team defines the privacy framework, sets internal standards and KPIs, ensures compliance with legal requirements (such as RoPA, DIPA, DPAs, and TOMs), manages ad-hoc requests, and supports both internal and external audits. In the operational area, they handle incidents like data breaches and customer escalations, organsze privacy trainings for employees, and manage vendors involved in data processing and international data transfers. Together, these focus areas ensure Raisin maintains strong privacy governance and a high standard of data protection across all operations.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>Your Responsibilities</p>
<p>As a Privacy Manager / Legal Counsel, you will play a key role in ensuring compliance with data protection regulations across all business units. You will be the first point of contact for day-to-day data protection matters, managing operational processes, incidents, and requests related to data protection. Working closely with the Head of Data Protection and DPO you’ll help maintain and improve our privacy management systems.</p>
<p>Your tasks will including:</p>
<ul>
<li>Managing data subject access requests (Art. 15 GDPR) and other individual rights (rectification, erasure, restriction, etc.).</li>
<li>Coordinating and documenting data protection incidents and breaches.</li>
<li>Supporting internal stakeholders in assessing third-party data sharing and access rights.</li>
<li>Maintain and update the Record of Processing Activities (RoPA).</li>
<li>Support Data Protection Impact Assessments (DPIAs) and Transfer Impact Assessments (TIAs).</li>
<li>Collaborate with internal teams (IT, Security, Legal, Product, and Operations) to ensure privacy-by-design principles are implemented.</li>
<li>Assist in audits and regulatory requests.</li>
<li>Contribute to the development of policies, processes, and training to strengthen the company’s privacy culture.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>Your Profile</p>
<ul>
<li>Degree in Law, Business Administration, Compliance, or Information Security — or equivalent practical experience.</li>
<li>Experience in data protection operations, incident management, or privacy compliance.</li>
<li>Understanding of GDPR and related regulatory frameworks.</li>
<li>negotiation fluent German skills (C1-C2) required for communication with customers and competent authorities .</li>
<li>Structured and organised working style.</li>
<li>Excellent communication skills and ability to work across teams.</li>
<li>Experience in the banking, fintech, or financial services sector is a&nbsp; plus.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Join our mission, join our team – and grow with us!</strong></p>
<p>At Raisin, we care about each other and it is one of our top priorities to foster an open and caring environment in which everyone feels welcome and comfortable. Our culture is strongly driven by our ambitious team, which connects more than 75 different nationalities.</p>
<p>As part of our team, you will benefit from:</p>
<ul>
<li>Employee Development Budget of €2,000 and four full training days per year.</li>
<li>Flexible working hours, home office and 30 vacation days.</li>
<li>A company pension scheme (Betriebliche Altersvorsorge), which we support with 20%.</li>
<li>Enjoy more than 50+ different sports with Urban Sports Club: We subsidize your membership with more than €20 per month.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Do you miss being in the office? The Deutschland Ticket gets you there, which we subsidize with €25 per month.</li>
<li>Love cycling? With JobRad, lease the bike of your choice and enjoy tax savings, plus Raisin covers your monthly insurance costs.</li>
<li>Hungry all the time? Snacks, daily fresh fruit as well as drinks provided at the office.</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><p><a href="https://www.raisin.com/corporate/raisin-applicant-privacy-policy/"><em>Raisin Applicant Privacy Policy</em></a></p>
<p data-start="728" data-end="900">We value diversity and the unique experiences each individual brings. If you’re excited about this role but don’t meet every requirement, we still encourage you to apply.</p>
<p data-start="907" data-end="1013">We are an equal opportunity employer and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for everyone, regardless of race, colour, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, or gender identity.</p></div>