**At Saily, we’re removing the hassle from getting secure data plans while traveling.**

No roaming charges, no plastic SIM cards. Just fast, secure mobile data in 200+ countries. Join the team behind Lonely Planet’s #1 eSIM—built for explorers, powered by NordVPN.

**Your impact?** Helping people stay securely connected, wherever they go.

Saily is looking for a dynamic **Influencer Marketing Manager** to drive our influencer campaigns, especially focusing on YouTube. This role is perfect for someone who thrives in a data-driven environment, enjoys the fast pace of digital marketing, and is passionate about collaborating with content creators.

## Main Responsibilities

- Develop and maintain ongoing relationships with agencies, influencers, and content creators on YouTube, Instagram and other social media platforms.
- Identify and engage potential influencers, negotiating rates to achieve high-impact campaigns.
- Experience running paid social campaigns using influencer-generated content (IGC), including whitelisting, dark posting, and performance optimization.
- Conduct market research and propose strategies to enter new markets through influencer collaborations.
- Respond to inbound leads.
- Plan, execute, and oversee influencer marketing campaigns to meet set objectives and KPI.
- Manage account operations, including reporting, invoicing, budget tracking, and performance analytics.
- Brainstorm new creative approaches of influencer campaigns.
- Stay up to date with industry trends.
- Collaborate with the marketing team to coordinate strategies across different channels.

## Core Requirements

- Strong understanding of digital marketing with a focus on influencer marketing.
- Ability to analyze data and present the results.
- Proven track record with YouTube/Instagram campaigns, including hands-on experience managing influencer collaborations.
- Fluent in English.
- You stay up-to-date with YouTube's/Instagram top creators and can name a few favorites.
- Candidates located in Vilnius or Kaunas, Lithuania will be given preference.

## Salary Range

- Gross salary 11,400 - 19,400 PLN/Month.

**What We Offer**

**Innovate with industry leaders**

Work alongside global experts to build world-leading cybersecurity tools, impacting millions of users around the world.

**Learn & grow**

Boost your skills via our extensive training programs (online and offline) & other resources. Benefit from mentorship and career-switch opportunities to grow within the company.

**Hybrid work**

Enjoy the flexibility with 3 office days and working from home for the remaining 2.

**Work from anywhere**

Recharge with a change of scenery – choose work from any location when you feel a need to power your creativity and drive.

**Physical well-being**

Fuel your active lifestyle with online workouts led by our Physical Well-Being experts. Unlock a variety of sports and wellness facilities, like gyms, swimming pools, and fitness classes, with the Multisport card.

**Mental & emotional health**

Nurture your mind with free psychologist consultations, dedicated mental health events, and premium access to top-rated wellness apps like Calm, Headspace, and Mindletic.

**Premium healthcare**

Receive private health insurance giving you peace of mind for your health needs.

**Joyful moments – special treats**

Celebrate life’s big moments with special gifts from us on your birthday, anniversary, and other major events, such as weddings or the arrival of a new family member.

**Company events & team-building**

Experience iconic Nord Security celebrations, team-buildings, and knowledge-sharing events, nurturing bonds that fuel our success.

**Workation**

Embark on a legendary company getaway abroad, filled with exciting activities, live concerts, engaging workshops, and epic time together.

*Kindly refer to our Privacy Notice for Recruitment Candidates for comprehensive information regarding our data handling procedures throughout recruitment processes:* <https://bit.ly/40GWyjL>

*We expect all candidates to provide accurate and complete information during the recruitment process. While limited use of AI tools to refine application materials is acceptable, candidates remain fully responsible for ensuring that their submissions reflect their own qualifications, skills, and experience. Any failure to do so may negatively affect participation in the recruitment process. If broader AI assistance is allowed for a particular role or stage, we’ll let you know in advance.*

*By submitting your application, you acknowledge that it may be processed using automated tools for evaluation purposes. As part of our recruitment process, we may use an AI-based application review tool to help assess applications based on skills and experience relevant to the role. This technology is used to support - not replace - human decision-making, and every application is ultimately reviewed by a recruiter.*

*If you would like more information about how AI is used in this process or wish to exercise your rights under applicable data privacy laws, please contact us at [privacy@nordaccount.com](mailto:privacy@nordaccount.com). Should you prefer to opt out of the automated evaluation, please submit your application directly to [career@nordsec.com](mailto:career@nordsec.com).*