In the cloud, every second counts. On the leading edge of security, Sysdig stops attacks in real-time by instantly detecting changes in cloud security risk with runtime insights and [open source](https://sysdig.com/opensource) Falco. Trusted by a large enterprise customer base, we are a well-funded startup, passionate open source enthusiasts at heart, and problem-solvers who are building and delivering powerful solutions to secure cloud-native applications.

We have an organizational focus on delivering value to customers. We appreciate diverse opinions and open dialogue to spur ideas and we believe in working together to achieve our goals. We're an international company that understands how to cultivate an inclusive environment across all teams.

And we're a great place to work too - we've been named a "Best Places to Work" by Inc, the San Francisco Business Time, and Built In, with recognitions ranging from "Best Benefits" to a "Best Company for Happiness".

We are looking for driven team members who want to join us on our mission to lead cloud security globally. Does this sound like the right place for you?

## What you will do:

- Reporting to the Engineering Manager, you develop scalable APIs and services, collaborating with the team to improve our services for reliability, performance and cost-efficiency.
- Think creatively to work within a traffic-intensive and complex data processing environment.
- Take full ownership of the software feature lifecycle from analysing requirements to initial design and through to deployment and operation.
- Participate in code reviews, design sessions, and operational support of services the team owns
- Work on complex assignments according to company objectives.
- Be a technical mentor for less experienced colleagues and guide the team to complete projects
- Communicate and resolve dependencies across other teams
- Participate in on-call rotation, respond to incidents, conduct root cause analysis and implement preventive measures.

## What you will bring with you:

- Experience with Go in heavy load production environments
- Experience architecting and implementing backend services, design APIs, and data processing pipelines using gRPC with asynchronous processing using message brokers (Nats, Kafka)
- Experience using datastores (Postgres, Redis, Object Storage,OpenSearch)
- Knowledge of data infrastructure and sizing
- Knowledge of implementing software design patterns (CQRS, EDA)
- Experience running services in containerized environments
- Experience in at least one system level technology stack (C/C++/Rust)
- Proficiency in testing methodologies and automation practices to ensure quality in software delivery.
- Experience in technically mentoring and motivating relatively junior software developers.
- Experience accomplishing projects that require collaboration with other teams and driving team members to deliver good quality
- Experience handling on-call support and managing escalations
- Analytical approach to decision-making in high-traffic, distributed environments.
- A collaborative mindset that values trust, transparency within the team.

## What we look for:

- 8+ years of experience working in software development
- Experience to work in a company with remote-first mindset and with people from different cultures and timezones
- Professional fluency in English
- Interest in security and observability
- Exposure or participation to OSS communities

## When you join Sysdig, you can expect:

- Extra days off to prioritize your well-being
- Mental health support for you and your family through the Modern Health app
- Great compensation package

We would love for you to join us! Please reach out even if your experience doesn't perfectly match the job description. We can always explore other options after starting the conversation. Your background and passion will set you apart, especially if your career path is different.

Some of our Hiring Managers are globally distributed, an English version of your CV will be appreciated.

*Sysdig values a diverse workplace and encourages women, people of color, LGBTQIA+ individuals, people with disabilities, members of ethnic minorities, foreign-born residents, and veterans to apply. Sysdig is an equal-opportunity employer. Sysdig does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity, or any other legally protected status.*

*#LI- PK1*

*#LI-Hybrid*