<h2><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;"><strong>The Role</strong></span></h2>
<p><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">At HelloConnect, you will be part of a dynamic team in Inoza tower, BGC that embraces innovation and leverages advanced technology to create exceptional experiences. Our culture is built on collaboration, continuous learning, and a commitment to excellence. You’ll have the opportunity to work on impactful projects, develop your skills, and grow within a supportive environment that values diverse perspectives and experiences.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">In this role, you will take on a key responsibility in supporting efficient product development and management by leveraging strong organization, problem-solving, and communication skills., contributing to our ongoing efforts to drive business success and enhance customer satisfaction.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">We’re looking for passionate individuals who can bring their unique skills and ideas to the table. Even if you don't meet every requirement but believe you’d excel in this role, we’d love to hear from you!</span></p>
<h2><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;"><strong>What you’ll do</strong></span></h2>
<ul>
<li>Will oversee and manage recipe cards administrative and editorial processes</li>
<li>Will be responsible for menu checks, updates, etc.</li>
<li>Will coordinate with all relevant stakeholders</li>
<li>Will upload all recipes and meal choices to our online recipe database</li>
<li>Update and maintain trackers as a core of the product operations process</li>
<li>Maintaining, organizing, cleaning and upkeep of data.</li>
<li>Reports any data issues to the team</li>
<li>Keeps data updated in the different sources</li>
<li>Contributes to team effort by accomplishing related results as needed</li>
<li>Perform ad-hoc, once-off admin processes such as updating excel tables as needed.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<h2><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;"><strong>What we offer</strong></span></h2>
<ul>
<li style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;"><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;"><strong>Competitive Compensation</strong>: Beyond the standard package, we offer perks like Long Service Benefits (anniversary bonus) to recognize and celebrate your dedication</span></li>
<li style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;"><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;"><strong>Wellness &amp; Perks</strong>: We prioritize your well-being by offering mental health support, HMO medical coverage, generous leave benefits plus life insurance for both you and your family's peace of mind</span></li>
<li style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;"><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;"><strong>Growth Opportunities</strong>: Invest in your personal development with an annual learning &amp; development budget, plus access to the 360 Learning platform</span></li>
<li style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;"><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;"><strong>Dynamic Environment</strong>: Join a rapidly growing global Business Process Outsourcing company, where you'll collaborate with a diverse community spanning across multiple continents and cultures</span></li>
<li style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;"><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;"><strong>Work-Life Balance</strong>: Enjoy a healthy balance between your professional and personal life, with a supportive environment that prioritizes your well-being and personal time</span></li>
</ul>
<h2><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;"><strong>Are you up for the challenge?</strong></span></h2>
<p><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">The first step to your new role starts here. Send in your application, along with your salary expectations and preferred start date. Our dedicated team will thoroughly review your details. We are excited to connect with you soon!&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">#helloconnect<br>#LI-Remote<br>#hcgreenhouse</span></p>