<h2><strong>Who we are </strong></h2>
<h3><strong>About Stripe</strong></h3>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies - from the world’s largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups - use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyone's reach while doing the most important work of your career.</span></p>
<h3><strong>About the team</strong></h3>
<p>To advance Stripe’s important mission, we are building a world class Internal Audit (IA) team. Our purpose is to strengthen the organization’s ability to create, protect, and sustain value by providing the board and management with independent, risk-based, and objective assurance, advice, insight, and foresight. We are consumed with the goal of moving as fast as the business, being powered by technology, and increasing the maturity of Stripe’s controls where it matters the most.</p>
<p>Our IA team is responsible for providing objective assurance on the design and operational effectiveness of Stripe’s internal controls and business processes, its compliance with laws and regulations, its risk management framework, and other governance processes. We’re looking for a candidate with deep treasury, finance, safeguarding, operations, and regulatory compliance audit experience who will help us build and scale a global audit program.</p>
<h2><strong>What you’ll do</strong></h2>
<p>As a member of the EMEA IA team you will be central to shaping our audit landscape in one of the most dynamic sectors of FinTech. In this pivotal role, you will help drive the execution of a comprehensive, risk-based internal audit strategy that not only anticipates emerging risks but also aligns seamlessly with our management's vision and regulatory landscape.</p>
<p>As a member of the Internal Audit team, you will harness your expertise in governance, risk management, and internal controls to produce invaluable assessments that empower our Board, Audit Committee, and senior leadership to make informed, strategic decisions. This is more than just an auditing position; it's an opportunity to influence the very framework of our operations, protect our organization from unforeseen challenges, and bolster our commitment to excellence and compliance in the rapidly evolving world of Fintech. If you're looking to make a significant impact and elevate your career in an innovative and supportive environment, this is your chance to step into a role where your insights will drive meaningful change and ensure our continued success.</p>
<p>This position is office-based in Dublin, Ireland or London, UK&nbsp;</p>
<h3><strong>Responsibilities</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Develop and provide input into a risk-based internal audit strategy that ensures comprehensive, end-to-end audit coverage. This strategy should reflect emerging risks, management priorities, and regulatory obligations.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Oversee evaluation and testing of governance, risk management, internal controls, compliance, financial reporting, and operational processes to ensure their effectiveness, accuracy, and regulatory compliance.</li>
<li>Produce objective and timely assessments and reports for the Board, Audit Committee, and senior leadership on issues related to risk management, controls, and governance.</li>
<li>Ability to engage with partners and regulators; help prepare and present audit evidence and findings to enhance confidence in our internal oversight processes.</li>
<li>Clearly communicate complex risks and impacts to senior stakeholders, including the Board, Audit Committee, and regulators (e.g., FCA, CBI).</li>
<li>Collaborate with stakeholder teams to translate audit findings into durable, structural remediation plans while building and sustaining business relationships to support ongoing audit planning and execution.</li>
<li>Invest in understanding the business to better identify areas of need and opportunities to advise.</li>
<li>Research and stay current on applicable regulatory requirements and (e.g., GAAP, IFRS, PSD2, EMD2, EBA, etc.), emerging trends and best practices.&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Who you are</strong></h2>
<p>We’re looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.</p>
<h3><strong>Minimum requirements</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>8+ years of experience in internal auditing, risk management, or compliance, preferably within the banking or financial services sector.</li>
<li>Experience of auditing treasury operations, liquidity risk frameworks, stress testing, protections for customer funds including segregation, reconciliations, and custody controls.</li>
<li>Bachelor’s degree in Accounting, Finance, Business Administration, or related field.</li>
<li>Strong experience in risk-based audit planning, execution, and reporting across governance, compliance, financial reporting, and operational controls.</li>
<li>Professional certification such as CIA, CPA, CAMS, CRCM or similar is required (or active pursuit).</li>
<li>Strong analytical skills with experience using data analytics and continuous monitoring tools to support audit activities.</li>
<li>Excellent written and verbal communication skills; ability to present complex issues clearly to non-technical senior stakeholders.</li>
<li>Proven ability to lead cross-functional remediation efforts and track closure of corrective actions.</li>
<li>High degree of integrity, independence, and professional skepticism.</li>
<li>Expertise in auditing financial controls and operations with a working knowledge of regulatory compliance.</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>Preferred qualifications</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Master’s degree in Accounting, Finance, MBA, or related advanced degree.</li>
<li>Prior experience in a regulated financial institution or network with complex relationships among network partners.</li>
<li>Experience with audit management software, automation platforms, and advanced data analytics.</li>
<li>Demonstrated track record of building continuous audit/monitoring programs.</li>
</ul>