<div class="content-intro"><p>Tenstorrent is leading the industry on cutting-edge AI technology, revolutionizing performance expectations, ease of use, and cost efficiency. With AI redefining the computing paradigm, solutions must evolve to unify innovations in software models, compilers, platforms, networking, and semiconductors. Our diverse team of technologists have developed a high performance RISC-V CPU from scratch, and share a passion for AI and a deep desire to build the best AI platform possible. We value collaboration, curiosity, and a commitment to solving hard problems. We are growing our team and looking for contributors of all seniorities.</p></div><p>As a part of Tenstorrent’s Automotive and Robotics team, you will lead the definition of fully enabled software stacks for ADAS, IVI, and robotics domains across applications processors, microcontrollers and AI accelerators in advanced heterogenous edge computing environments.&nbsp;&nbsp;You will be an industry leader in enabling wide adoption of the Risc-V architecture into these spaces. You will work across domains and across partners to define and coordinate how software will enable the next generation of open&nbsp;compute&nbsp;architectures.</p>
<p><em>This role is<strong> </strong>remote, based out of Munich, Germany.</em></p>
<p><em>We welcome candidates at various experience levels for this role. During the interview process, candidates will be assessed for the appropriate level, and offers will align with that level, which may differ from the one in this posting.</em></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Who You Are</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>You are an expert in software architecture for automotive and/or robotics.</li>
<li>You understand software architecture, operating systems, hypervisors, middleware and applications.</li>
<li>You understand heterogeneous compute architectures and how to enable them with full software support.&nbsp;</li>
<li>You are familiar with software development flows using for ISO26262, IEC61508 and ASPICE.&nbsp;&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>What We Need</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Lead the definition and development of software stacks for chiplet-based SoCs in automotive ADAS and Infotainment as well as various robotics applications.</li>
<li>5+ years of experience working across multiple software development teams to coordinate efforts.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Work with customers and partners to align on a software strategy.&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>What You Will Learn</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>How to enable fully working software stacks in a multi-vendor environment.</li>
<li>How to enable different automotive and robotics architectures and software stacks using the same silicon and base software enablement.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><em>Tenstorrent offers a highly competitive compensation package and benefits, and we are an equal opportunity employer.</em></p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><em>This offer of employment is contingent upon the applicant being eligible to access U.S. export-controlled technology. &nbsp;Due to U.S. export laws, including those codified in the U.S. Export Administration Regulations (EAR), the Company is required to ensure compliance with these laws when transferring technology to nationals of certain countries (such as EAR Country Groups D:1, E1, and E2). &nbsp; These requirements apply to persons located in the U.S. and all countries outside the U.S. &nbsp;As the position offered will have direct and/or indirect access to information, systems, or technologies subject to these laws, the offer may be contingent upon your citizenship/permanent residency status or ability to obtain prior license approval from the U.S. Commerce Department or applicable federal agency. &nbsp;If employment is not possible due to U.S. export laws, any offer of employment will be rescinded.</em></p></div>