<p>PlanetScale is growing rapidly and reinventing the database space. The PlanetScale platform offers both Postgres and Vitess clusters. Vitess, an open-source database clustering system for horizontal scaling of MySQL, enables businesses to efficiently handle large-scale data workloads — without sacrificing developer experience.</p>
<p>Our customers entrust us with what is often their most precious digital asset, their data, so the stakes couldn't be higher. We're looking for a Software Engineer to join our core engineering team and help us build the next generation of database infrastructure.</p>
<h3 id="whats-the-job-to-be-done">What's the job to be done?</h3>
<ul>
<li>You will advise and handle support requests from enterprise customers on the PlanetScale platform.</li>
<li>You will become a customer-facing subject-matter expert for enterprise customers on the PlanetScale platform.</li>
<li>You will identify product gaps in a customer-specific context and work with Technical Account Management, Engineering and Sales Engineering teams to prioritize and escalate them.</li>
<li>You will be part of an on call rotation for high priority issues.</li>
</ul>
<h3 id="these-attributes-best-describe-you">These attributes best describe you…</h3>
<ul>
<li>You are comfortable in front of customers, empathetic but understanding when to push back to help customers become successful on their own.</li>
<li>You have excellent debugging and troubleshooting skills; with a mix of enough experience and intuition to zero in on root-causes for bugs that can leave others stumped.</li>
<li>You are comfortable stepping outside your comfort zone. Be it delving into unfamiliar code in Vitess, one of its dependencies, or a random MySQL connector, written in a language you may not know (yet!). Working with code as your main source of documentation doesn't fluster you, and you are happy to help add/correct it as necessary where it may be inaccurate.</li>
<li>You can operate independently, but you know when you are in too deep and need to ask for help.</li>
<li>You know how to work under pressure in times of urgency. We and our customers both take issues with their data platform seriously.</li>
</ul>
<h3 id="what-you-will-need">What you will need</h3>
<ul>
<li>Experience supporting production databases and applications, preferably at scale.</li>
<li>Experience with database internals and peformance tuning, specifically for PostgreSQL and MySQL databases</li>
<li>Working knowledge of Kubernetes.</li>
<li>Strong ability to communicate and deal directly with customers, whether in email, Slack, video conference, or in person.</li>
</ul>
<h3 id="what-else-will-help-you-be-successful">What else will help you be successful</h3>
<ul>
<li>Knowledge of common application deployment platforms and frameworks. Eg Python, Go, Node, PHP</li>
<li>Experience with cloud platforms (AWS, GCP, Azure)</li>
<li>Knowledge of monitoring, observability, and debugging tools</li>
<li>Contributions to open-source projects, especially in the database or infrastructure space</li>
</ul>
<h3 id="why-planetscale">Why PlanetScale</h3>
<p>We're redefining how high-growth companies manage data at scale—and we work with some of the most exciting brands in gaming, consumer tech, and B2B SaaS. As a Software Engineer, you'll be at the core of building the platform that powers world-class apps used by hundreds of millions of users worldwide. PlanetScale is a profitable company with a philosophy centered around building small teams of p99 individuals and is recognized as one of the fastest growing companies in America.</p>
<p>At PlanetScale we believe in supporting people to do their best work and thrive no matter the location. Our mission is to build a diverse, equitable, and inclusive company. We strive to build an inclusive environment where all people feel that they are equally respected and valued, whether they are a candidate or an employee. We welcome applicants of any educational background, gender identity and expression, sexual orientation, religion, ethnicity, age, citizenship, socioeconomic status, disability, pregnancy status, and veteran status.</p>
<p>If you have a disability, please let us know if there's any way we can make the interview process better for you; we're happy to accommodate!</p>
<h3 id="total-compensation-and-pay-transparency">Total Compensation and Pay Transparency</h3>
<p>An employee's total compensation consists of base salary + variable comp where appropriate + benefits + equity. A member of our Talent Acquisition team will be happy to answer any further questions when we engage with you to begin the interview process.</p>
<p><strong>Salary range:</strong> US $120,000 - $200,000</p>