<h5><strong><em>Note:&nbsp;</em></strong><em>if you are an intern, new grad, or staff applicant, please do not apply using this link and visit our </em><a href="https://stripe.com/jobs/search"><em>jobs page</em></a><em> for those specific postings.</em></h5>
<h2><strong>Who we are</strong></h2>
<h3><strong>About Stripe</strong></h3>
<p>Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies - from the world’s largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups - use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyone's reach while doing the most important work of your career.</p>
<h3><strong>About the Organization&nbsp;</strong></h3>
<p>The Payments organization focuses on developing products and platforms that enable users to accept payments from customers efficiently. This includes building APIs for processing payments, enabling regional, non-card payment options, and extending Stripe's capabilities to make it easy for businesses to accept in-person payments. The Risk Engineering team develops products that minimize financial and regulatory risks while ensuring a seamless user experience, thereby safeguarding Stripe’s brand and financial stability.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Team Matching:</strong> exact team matching for one of the subteams within this org will begin during final stages.<em> Please note we may also consider you for different orgs based on your experience, location, etc. </em>More information on our team matching process can be found <a href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/15zZJetyRWG5DAk96sawRjLDI\_cpN1QoeLMn4aAPCrYs/edit?tab=t.0#heading=h.x8j6mm75yuwr">here</a>.&nbsp;</p>
<h2><strong>What you’ll do</strong></h2>
<p>We’re looking for Backend engineers who want to make an impact on managing money at a global scale with a passion for building ergonomic APIs. You’ll play a key role in extending our balance management platform and in building out a new funds accessibility platform leveraged by enterprises and SMBs alike. Our team collaborates with many cross-functional teams – from Infrastructure to Product –&nbsp; at Stripe to deliver innovative solutions that address evolving user needs.</p>
<h3><strong>Responsibilities</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Scope, design, build, and maintain APIs, services, and large-scale systems that reliably and efficiently handle billions of money movement requests</li>
<li>Debug and solve critical production issues across services and multiple levels of the stack</li>
<li>Mentor engineers to help them grow</li>
<li>Collaborate with stakeholders across the company to build new features at large-scale, while improving internal engineering standards, tooling, and processes</li>
<li>Collaborate effectively in a distributed and hybrid team, maintaining open communication and strong connections with colleagues</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Who you are</strong></h2>
<p>We're looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.</p>
<h3><strong>Minimum requirements</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>7-12+ years of industry software engineering experience (does not include internships nor includes co-ops)</li>
<li>Strong coding skills in any programming language <em>(we understand new languages can be learned on the job so our interview process is language agnostic)</em></li>
<li>Strong collaboration skills, can work across workstreams within your team and contribute to your peers’ success</li>
<li>Have the ability to thrive on a high level of autonomy, responsibility, and think of yourself as entrepreneurial</li>
<li>Interest in working as a generalist across varying technologies and stacks to solve problems and delight both internal and external users</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>Preferred Qualifications</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Experience with large-scale financial tracking systems</li>
<li>Good understanding and practical knowledge in cloud based services (e.g. gRPC, GraphQL, Docker/Kubernetes, cloud services such as AWS, etc.)&nbsp;</li>
</ul>