CaptivateIQ is transforming the way companies plan, manage, and optimize sales performance. We started by revolutionizing incentive compensation management, and now we're expanding our platform to solve broader sales planning challenges. Recognized by industry analysts like Forrester and G2 and backed by top-tier investors, including Sequoia, ICONIQ, Accel, and Sapphire Ventures,  we empower high-growth companies like Netflix, Figma, and Stripe with the flexibility and insights needed to drive revenue performance.

Join a talented, fast-growing team committed to solving some of the most complex and impactful problems in sales performance management.

**About the Role**

At CaptivateIQ, Delivery Engineering (DE) is part of the Reliability, Infrastructure and Quality (RIQ) pillar. The Delivery Engineering’s mission is to continually improve the way our engineering organizations builds and delivers our SaaS products. The team owns CI/CD pipelines, testing frameworks and local developer experience. The team also works with teams throughout the organization to improve product quality and contributes to agentic development tooling and scale.

**Location:**

* Poland, Remote

## Responsibilities

- **Lead and Inspire:** Lead, inspire, and grow a distributed team of Engineers, fostering a culture of high trust and psychological safety.
- **Developer Experience:** Contribute to strategic investments in the software engineering lifecycle that will make CaptivateIQ’s developer experience world class.
- **Quality Assistance:** Partner with engineering teams to improve products by coaching them on testing strategies and leveling up their thinking regarding software quality.
- **Technical Leadership:** Provide technical direction by setting architectural guardrails for test automation and delivery pipelines across the organization.
- **Strategic Partnership:** Partner with Product, Design, and Engineering leaders to prioritize roadmaps and execute a long-term strategy that optimizes for product health and reliability.
- **Talent Development:** Develop engineering talent through effective coaching, mentorship, and performance management, with a passion for helping engineers advance their careers.
- **Operational Excellence:** Own the end-to-end delivery of the DE team’s portfolio, ensuring internal solutions and frameworks are reliable and secure at scale.
- **Evangelism:** Act as a strong advocate for our engineering best practices, explaining the "why" behind different methodologies to various stakeholders across the company.
- **Async Collaboration:** Champion inclusive, async-first practices to ensure the team, distributed across Poland and other regions, can collaborate effectively.

## Requirements

- **Management Experience:** 2+ years of experience as an Engineering Manager or in a formal people management role (M-level).
- **Developer Experience:** Contribute to our bigger software lifecycle, using your experience to discern what improvements will drive meaningful impact to the broader organization.
- **Quality Expertise:** Deep expertise in software quality, QA, or SDET practices with a demonstrable background in leveling up testing standards.
- **CI/CD Expertise:** You’ve been responsible for the health of CI/CD pipelines at a mid-sized SaaS company using GitHub/GitHub Actions.
- **Engineering Depth:** Extensive software development experience as an individual contributor or manager, with a focus on quality and testability.
- **Technical Stack:** Proficiency with (or ability to guide) teams using Typescript, React, Python, and Django.
- **SaaS Experience:** Experience using modern testing methodologies to support a large B2B SaaS product.
- **Communication:** Exceptional interpersonal and written communication skills, with a proven ability to have "tough conversations" and navigate complex situations.
- **Testing Frameworks:** Experience with modern test automation frameworks such as Vitest, Pytest and PlayWright.
- **Growth Mindset:** High sense of ownership and a collaborative, humble learner mindset.

## Bonus Points

- **PM Background:** Background in Product Management to help address problem-solving and feature definition.
- **Monolith Codebases:** You’ve supported and scaled an engineering org with a monolithic code base.
- **Performance Testing:** Expertise in Performance Testing to add value to existing engineering efforts.
- **Agentic Development:** Experience developing methodologies for evaluating new approaches to software engineering work, and supporting their adoption.
- **Infrastructure Knowledge:** Experience with Github Actions pipelines, Deployment Processes, and improving Developer Experience.
- **Architecture:** Understanding of Single Page Applications (SPAs), micro front-end architectures (MFAs), and CDNs.

## Notice for Prospective Candidates

Only emails from @captivateiq.com should be trusted.  We are aware of active recruitment scams using the CaptivateIQ name, in which individuals pose as our recruiters and post fake remote job openings and make fake job offers on the Internet. Please note, we will never do the following:

- Attempt to correspond with a candidate using a free web-based account, such as an email address that ends in @gmail.com, @yahoo.com, @hotmail.com, etc.
- Make an offer of employment without conducting multiple rounds of interviews face-to-face using secure video-conferencing technology.
- Ask candidates to cash checks to buy equipment on behalf of CaptivateIQ.
- Ask candidates to make a payment in order to be considered for a position.
- Make early requests for candidates' personal information such as date of birth, passport details, credit card numbers, bank details and social security number, etc.
- Please note that we’ll only ask for more sensitive personal information in connection with background checks after an offer is made.

*CaptivateIQ participates in E-Verify, web-based system that allows enrolled employers to confirm the eligibility of their employees to work in the United States*