<div class="content-intro"><h2><strong>Who Are We?</strong></h2>
<p>Postman is the world’s leading API platform, used by more than 45 million+ developers and 500,000 organizations, including 98% of the Fortune 500. Postman is helping developers and professionals across the globe build the API-first world by simplifying each step of the API lifecycle and streamlining collaboration—enabling users to create better APIs, faster.</p>
<p>The company is headquartered in San Francisco and has offices in Boston, New York, Austin, Tokyo, London, and Bangalore - where Postman was founded. Postman is privately held, with funding from Battery Ventures, BOND, Coatue, CRV, Insight Partners, and Nexus Venture Partners. Learn more at postman.com or connect with Postman on X via @getpostman.</p>
<p>P.S: We highly recommend reading <a href="https://api-first-world.com/">The "API-First World" graphic novel</a> to understand the bigger picture and our vision at Postman.</p></div><h2><strong>The Opportunity</strong></h2>
<p>The Account Development Representative will have the responsibility of uncovering business needs for Strategic &amp; Enterprise Accounts to build a pipeline for the sales organization. The ADR will collaborate with marketing, sales enablement, &amp; management to create campaigns &amp; prospect to develop to the point of handoff for Sales. An implicit responsibility of the ADR is to conduct business dealings with prospects in a way that creates a superior customer/prospect experience to set the stage for future product sales for Postman.</p>
<h2>What You’ll Do</h2>
<ul>
<li>Work with the Account Development Manager &amp; cross functional teams to create strategic targets to identify &amp; generate new &amp; expansion business opportunities</li>
<li>Meet or exceed strategic goals &amp; committed targets by engaging with qualified leads &amp; enabling the next step in the sales cycle</li>
<li>Qualify opportunities by understanding business challenges while also educating them on the value of our product</li>
<li>Complete detailed research within targeted accounts to identify key contacts &amp; critical account information</li>
<li>Identify &amp; target strategic new prospects that would accelerate territory growth</li>
<li>Select &amp; engage with prospects that are identified through marketing efforts</li>
<li>Become an expert in sales prospecting platforms &amp; tools</li>
<li>Use identified customer challenges to prescribe relevant campaigns &amp; events to drive engagement</li>
<li>Develop superior customer service relationships with prospects.</li>
<li>Self audit activity to ensure accuracy &amp; to enable improvement</li>
<li>Proactively learn Postman’s product, competitive products, &amp; market knowledge via website, online webinars, &amp; other marketing information.</li>
<li>Update lead status &amp; all prospect interaction in CRM application daily</li>
<li>Become an expert with sales enablement tools</li>
</ul>
<h2>About You</h2>
<ul>
<li>1‐2 years’ experience in business development, sales or related field.</li>
<li>Fluent in Korean&nbsp;</li>
<li>Experience with lead qualification at all levels within organizations – developers, managers, directors, VPs, executives is a plus.</li>
<li>Ability to work in a high energy, fast‐paced sales environment. You think out-of-the-box and wow people with your interesting angles and quality work.</li>
<li>Proficient with standard productivity tools.</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><h2 data-renderer-start-pos="4036"><strong data-renderer-mark="true">What Else?</strong></h2>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="4048">In addition to Postman's pay-on-performance philosophy, and a flexible schedule working with a fun, collaborative team, Postman offers a comprehensive set of benefits, including full medical coverage, flexible PTO, wellness reimbursement, and a monthly lunch stipend. Along with that, our wellness programs will help you stay in the best of your physical and mental health. Our frequent and fascinating team-building events will keep you connected, while our donation-matching program can support the causes you care about. We’re building a long-term company with an inclusive culture where everyone can be the best version of themselves.&nbsp;</p>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="4048">At Postman we value in person collaboration. We are in office 5 days a week for all roles based out of our hubs in San Francisco Bay Area, Boston, Austin, Tokyo and London. For roles based in Bangalore, employees currently work in the office three days a week and will transition to five days per week by the end of the year. We were thoughtful in our approach which is based on collaboration and grounded in feedback from our workforce, leadership team, and peers. The benefits of our in office model will be shared knowledge, brainstorming sessions, communication, and building trust in-person that cannot be replicated via zoom.</p>
<h2 data-renderer-start-pos="3620"><strong data-renderer-mark="true">Our Values</strong></h2>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="3633">At Postman, we create with the same curiosity that we see in our users. We value transparency and honest communication about not only successes, but also failures. In our work, we focus on specific goals that add up to a larger vision. Our inclusive work culture ensures that everyone is valued equally as important pieces of our final product. We are dedicated to delivering the best products we can.</p>
<h2><strong>Equal opportunity</strong></h2>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="4048">Postman is an Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender perception or identity, national origin, age, marital status, protected veteran status, or disability status. Headhunters and recruitment agencies may not submit resumes/CVs through this website or directly to managers. Postman does not accept unsolicited headhunter and agency resumes. Postman will not pay fees to any third-party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with Postman.</p></div>