<div class="content-intro"><h3>About ClickHouse</h3>
<p>Recognized on the 2025 Forbes Cloud 100 list, ClickHouse is one of the most innovative and fast-growing private cloud companies. With more than 3,000 customers and ARR that has grown over 250 percent year over year, ClickHouse leads the market in real-time analytics, data warehousing, observability, and AI workloads.</p>
<p>The company’s sustained, accelerating momentum was recently validated by a $400M Series D financing round. Over the past three months, customers including Capital One, Lovable, Decagon, Polymarket, and Airwallex have adopted the platform or expanded existing deployments. These customers join an established base of AI innovators and global brands such as Meta, Cursor, Sony, and Tesla.</p>
<p>We’re on a mission to transform how companies use data. Come be a part of our journey!</p></div><p><span style="text-decoration: underline;">NOTE:</span> this position can be remote anywhere within the United Kingdom.</p>
<p>ClickHouse is focused on growing a vibrant user community and becoming a Cloud-first company. We are looking for a Product Manager experienced with driving SQL database capabilities. This is an exciting opportunity to work with a popular open-source project to extend and deepen its core capabilities and to develop cloud-native extensions that delight developers and data analysts across many use cases and market segments. If you are results-driven, with a “can do” mentality and a bias for action &nbsp;- we would love to hear from you.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>What you will be doing:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Understand the real-time analytics and cloud database markets, competition, and technology trends in depth</li>
<li>Engage with the ClickHouse open-source user community and ClickHouse Cloud customers to understand current and aspirational use cases for ClickHouse core database</li>
<li>Distill and prioritize feature requests and issues into clear priorities for net-new capabilities and improvements</li>
<li>Work with engineering teams to scope and refine approaches to solving customer problems, both in the core database and in ClickHouse Cloud offerings</li>
<li>Set clear measurable goals around customer success, and use data-driven approaches to ensure new capabilities meet customer needs</li>
<li>Stay up-to-date on the state of the market and competitive landscape to identify needed features and areas of improvement for ClickHouse that align with the roadmap and general requests received by our community and customers</li>
<li>Work with partners to grow ClickHouse awareness and visibility</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>What you bring along:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Knowledgeable and passionate about data engineering markets - data warehousing, data analytics, data science, business intelligence, and observability</li>
<li>Strong vision around where these markets are headed, and what it takes to become a leader in this space</li>
<li>Previous experience with ClickHouse or a highly related OLAP technology at a deeply technical level, including expert SQL skills</li>
<li>Previous experience with open-source projects, ideally as a product manager</li>
<li>Passionate about building enterprise capabilities that are powerful yet easy to use</li>
<li>Excellent written and verbal communication skills</li>
<li>Comfortable with public speaking at meetups, conferences, webinars</li>
<li>Ability to influence multiple stakeholders without direct authority</li>
<li>Comfortable working with ambiguity and evolving based on business needs</li>
<li>Ability and desire to work with customers or community members, being able to provide technical guidance and help customers during their POC.&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Bonus Points for:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Previous contributions to open-source projects</li>
<li>Engineering experience, ideally around distributed/cloud systems in C++</li>
<li>Experience effectively working remotely in a global, distributed organization</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><h3><strong>Compensation</strong></h3>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">For roles based in the&nbsp;<strong>United States</strong>, t</span>he typical starting salary range for this position is listed above. In certain locations, such as the San Francisco Bay Area and the New York City Metro Area, a premium market range may apply, as listed.</p>
<p class="p1">These salary ranges reflect what we reasonably and in good faith believe to be the minimum and maximum pay for this role at the time of posting. The actual compensation may be higher or lower than the amounts listed, and the ranges may be subject to future adjustments.</p>
<p class="p1">An individual’s placement within the range will depend on various factors, including (but not limited to) education, qualifications, certifications, experience, skills, location, performance, and the needs of the business or organization.</p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">If you have any questions or comments about compensation as a candidate, please get in touch with us at&nbsp;<a href="mailto:paytransparency@clickhouse.com">paytransparency@clickhouse.com</a>.</span></p>
<h3><strong>Perks</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><strong>Flexible work environment</strong><span style="font-weight: 400;"> - ClickHouse is a globally distributed company and remote-friendly. We currently operate in over 20 countries.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><strong>Healthcare</strong><span style="font-weight: 400;"> - Employer contributions towards your healthcare.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><strong>Equity in the company</strong><span style="font-weight: 400;"> - Every new team member who joins our company receives stock options.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><strong>Time off</strong><span style="font-weight: 400;"> - Flexible time off in the US, generous entitlement in other countries.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><strong>A $500 Home office setup </strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">if you’re a remote employee.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><strong>Global Gatherings </strong>– We believe in the power of in-person connection and offer opportunities to engage with colleagues at company-wide offsites.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Culture - We All Shape It</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">As part of a rapidly scaling start up, you will be instrumental in shaping our culture.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Are you interested in finding out more about our culture? &nbsp;Learn more about our values <a href="https://clickhouse.com/company/careers">here</a>.&nbsp; Check out our<a href="https://clickhouse.com/blog"> blog posts</a> or follow us on <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/company/clickhouseinc/life/0c1ee7f4-2129-488d-b413-e7f6270659fd/?viewAsMember=true">LinkedIn</a> to find out more about what’s happening at ClickHouse.</span></p>
<p><strong>Equal Opportunity &amp; Privacy&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>ClickHouse provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any type based on factors such as race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws.&nbsp;</p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Please see&nbsp;<a href="https://clickhouse.com/legal/applicant-privacy-notice" target="\_blank" data-saferedirecturl="https://www.google.com/url?q=https://www.elastic.co/legal/applicant-privacy-statement&amp;source=gmail&amp;ust=1611068262479000&amp;usg=AFQjCNG3orAPk5sJIr9WVm0ZDxYw82c5DA">here</a>&nbsp;for our Privacy Statement.</span></p></div>