<h2><strong>Who we are</strong></h2>
<p><strong>About Stripe</strong></p>
<p>Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies - from the world’s largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups - use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyone's reach while doing the most important work of your career.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>About The Team</strong></p>
<p>The Financial Engineering - Business Insights team empowers Stripe to deeply understand its business performance and drive efficient actions. As the single source of truth for Stripe's financial data, the team guarantees high data quality (completeness, correctness, and timeliness), underpinning key business decisions and strategies</p>
<p>The team's products, including the Financial Data Warehouse (FDW), internal data products, and insights application enable critical business functions such as: understanding financial metrics, in-depth margin analysis at company and user levels, company-wide financial planning and forecasting (including quarterly), providing detailed financial performance insights across various dimensions, driving operational automation for efficiency gains, supporting the monthly financial close process, enabling Budget vs. Actual (BvA) analysis, and facilitating board-level financial performance reporting.<br><br></p>
<p><strong>What you’ll do</strong></p>
<p>You will join as a Technical Lead for one of the most impactful teams at Stripe. You will lead a team of engineers, collaborate with multiple engineering orgs, and solve large scale data landscape problems at Stripe. By collaborating with the team’s technical leaders, you will ensure the software your team builds meets the needs of Stripe and its customers.</p>
<p>We are a highly effective team that consistently delivers high-impact results while genuinely caring for one another. We expect you to bring your curiosity and critical thinking skills to this challenging domain.</p>
<p>We are looking for individuals with a strong background in designing and delivering high-performance infrastructure products for both internal and external customers.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Responsibilities</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Manage the technical leadership, execution, and roadmap for Business Insights team</li>
<li>Work cross functionally with business leaders across the company as well as partner engineering team.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Partner closely with engineering, product, and business leadership to define our product strategy and user experience.</li>
<li>Establish best practices, frameworks, and repeatable processes that enable the team to execute effectively.</li>
<li>Foster a culture of learning and data-driven decision making on the team and to influence the broader organization.</li>
<li>Mentor and support the growth of engineers at different levels in their careers.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Who you are</strong></p>
<p>We are looking for software engineers who meet the minimum requirements for this role.While preferred qualifications are a plus, they are not essential. We value individuals who are passionate about simplifying complexity to address real-world business challenges.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Minimum Requirements</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>10+ years of hands-on experience building large-scale, distributed systems</li>
<li>Proven track record of building large scale, complex distributed systems; identifying shortcomings and optimization opportunities; and making data driven cost performance tradeoffs to influence design decisions</li>
<li>Experience building and operating infrastructure and tools that empower developers/product teams to deliver business value</li>
<li>Experience leading and creating strong technical teams that balance operational excellence, collaboration and user needs</li>
<li>Strong collaboration skills to work effectively across multiple teams and stakeholders.</li>
<li>Past experience mentoring and investing in the development of engineers.</li>
<li>Ability to adjust conversations from high-level discussions to detailed coding</li>
<li>Hold yourself and others to a high bar when working with production systems.</li>
<li>You are capable of working in ambiguous fast-moving environments and have a curiosity to learn the domain to a deep level.</li>
<li>Enjoy working with a diverse group of people with different expertise.</li>
<li>Eager to learn and effective at giving and receiving constructive feedback to/from peer engineers<br><br></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Preferred Qualifications</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Experience working in high-growth teams similar to Stripe.</li>
<li>Strong written and verbal communication skills for different audiences (leadership, users, stakeholders etc.).</li>
<li>Enjoy being a generalist working on both the backend, data technologies and anything it takes to solve problems and delight users both internally and externally</li>
<li>If you meet the minimum requirements, we encourage you to apply.</li>
<li>Preferred qualifications are beneficial but not mandatory.</li>
</ul>