<div class="content-intro"><h2><span data-sheets-root="1">About Wolt</span></h2>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">At Wolt, we create technology that brings joy, simplicity and earnings to the neighborhoods of the world. In 2014 we started with delivery of restaurant food. Now we’re building the delivery of (almost) everything and you’ll find us in over 500 cities in 30 countries around the world. In 2022 we joined forces with DoorDash and together we keep on dreaming big and expanding across the globe.<br><br>Working at Wolt isn’t always easy, but it’s definitely exciting. Here you’ll learn more, build more, and ship more than in most other companies. You’ll be challenged a lot, but also have a lot of fun on the way. So, if you’re a self-starter with drive and entrepreneurial spirit, this could be the ride of your life.</span></p></div><p>We are looking for experienced Senior Software Engineers who can develop production-level microservices to join our Fintech group here at Wolt.</p>
<p>Our Engineering organization at Wolt consists of 700+ Engineers working across 70+ product teams. Some of us work on the visible parts, making our services easy on the eye and some of us focus on the unseen magic happening behind the scenes. ✨</p>
<p>Our Engineers handle the whole development process (business logic, testing, database &amp; data streaming, CI/CD, analytics, cloud) in an autonomous manner. They build things that are accessible and made to scale. They keep our systems in the best shape by simplifying the unnecessary complexity.</p>
<p>We make the decisions as a team and group of teams for our ways of working and we take architectural decisions together. Everyone plays a role in our future.</p>
<p>Our Engineers choose the best technologies that work for Wolt, their teams and themselves. Making good choices means finding scalable, robust technology that works in everyone’s best interests. The freedom to experiment and adopt the best technology benefits everyone.</p>
<p>The main stack for these roles consists for example Golang (Echo), Kotlin (Ktor, Koin,&nbsp; Spring, grpc…), PostgreSQL, MongoDB, Kafka, Redis, GitHub Actions, AWS, Docker and Kubernetes.</p>
<p>Needless to say, in such an environment there’s a lot of room for learning, teaching and growing together!&nbsp;</p>
<p>Go ahead and check our Kotlin- &amp; Golang-related Tech Talks below.&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li><a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dNHlHXeIOFw">The very fresh Scaling Kotlin Backend Development Podcast&nbsp;</a></li>
<li><a href="https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLguFXrFRjbcOvDywb9vSNS9gL6M93i3Zz">Kotlin at Wolt</a></li>
<li><a href="https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLguFXrFRjbcM7\_Cxy5xPYTSlx2QGpqVr\_">Kotlin Meetup</a></li>
<li><a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RHDPEA\_DP44&amp;list=PLguFXrFRjbcPjaS6uRJ7Lswvz0-6mfauk">Golang Tech Talks</a></li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>FinTech Group</strong></h2>
<p>FinTech Group is dedicated to shaping the future of financial services at Wolt. 🚀 Our Fintech teams play a critical role in enabling smooth and automated money flows for our customers, merchants, and courier partners as well as delivering financial products to them. To meet local requirements and provide the best financial solutions, our Fintech engineering teams are at the forefront of building integrations and automating financial processes for local country teams, supporting expansion in our existing markets and into new ones. Our focus has been also on building Consumer Fintech, introducing brand-new products and bringing innovations that elevate the financial experience for all our users.</p>
<p>We currently have multiple roles in our Fintech Teams, and depending on your experience, we will make sure to find the right team for you during the interview process. If you are always open to learning new things, find motivation in working with skilled and nice colleagues, and don't shy away from highly challenging engineering topics, you'll fit right in! 💡👩‍💻</p>
<p>📍This role can be based in one of our tech hubs in Helsinki, Stockholm, or our newest additions, Timisoara &amp; Bucharest in Romania. Read more about our hybrid and remote setup <a href="https://careers.wolt.com/en/blog/tech/product-hybrid-work">here</a>. If you live outside of these countries, don't worry! We provide relocation support to help you make your way to Finland or Sweden.</p>
<h2><strong>Our humble expectations</strong></h2>
<p>We'd love to see experience with either Golang or Kotlin. We appreciate previous experience in handling the whole development cycle all the way to production. However,&nbsp; what truly sets you apart is your ability to tackle big challenges together, envision scalability and availability, and dare to question conventional decisions. You’ll be successful in our teams if you quickly grasp new concepts and thrive in an environment of continuous learning.🌟</p>
<p>We put a lot of focus on the ability to collaborate well with others. We work closely with our teammates and having a good connection with team members is essential. We understand that everyone has their own unique way of communicating with others. We expect you to be yourself, express your opinions, and work together with the rest of the team.</p>
<p>In addition to technical expertise, we cherish those who take ownership beyond the obvious, have an insatiable hunger for knowledge, make collaborative decisions, and enthusiastically collaborate with diverse teams Woltwide. We value the unique perspectives and skills you bring to our adventure, and we're excited to see what you can achieve with us! 👥 🚀</p>
<p>Fluency in English language is mandatory.</p>
<h2><strong>Next steps</strong></h2>
<p>During the initial screening call our Talent Acquisition Partner will discuss with you your expectations and possible domain preferences as well as share more about different teams. After the recruiter screening call, the interviewing steps are conducted and a specific team being proposed at the end of the process - that’s the moment when you’ll latest get to meet your possible Team Lead. Throughout the process, we will do our best to match your experience, skills and aspirations with the most suitable team at Wolt!&nbsp;</p>
<p><iframe src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/Ncz4s\_oBczc" width="560" height="314"></iframe></p><div class="content-conclusion"><h2><span data-sheets-root="1">Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion</span></h2>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">We’re committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. That’s why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.</span></p></div>