<p data-pos="26">JetBrains has 10 offices around the world, and all of them are connected via dedicated channels, have video conferencing, telecommunication systems, and server rooms. That is 1000 workstations (Windows, Linux &amp; macOS), 1000 virtual machines in a private VMware Cloud, and 300 virtual machines in public AWS and Azure Clouds. The JetBrains IT department is made up of 30 people who daily support the whole IT infrastructure of the company.</p>
<p data-pos="466">The team is currently looking for an IT Support Specialist.</p>
<h3 id="well-be-happy-to-have-you-on-our-team-if-you" data-pos="531">We'll be happy to have you on our team if you:&nbsp;</h3>
<ul data-pos="579">
<li data-pos="579">Can take apart and repair any computer.</li>
<li data-pos="621">Can fix errors in the operating system in different ways (not only by reinstalling the OS).</li>
<li data-pos="715">Will communicate patiently and politely with users who experience issues.</li>
<li data-pos="791">Know how local networks and the Internet work.</li>
<li data-pos="840">Enjoy disassembling all kinds of devices to learn more about them.</li>
<li data-pos="909">Don't mind soldering a damaged wire.</li>
<li data-pos="948">Have strong teamwork skills: are open to diverse opinions and can support your point with sound reasoning.</li>
<li data-pos="1057">Want to grow as a professional, to master and apply new approaches and technologies.</li>
<li data-pos="1144">Take pride in the work you do.</li>
<li data-pos="1177">Have previous IT Helpdesk Support experience.</li>
<li data-pos="1236">Speak fluent English.</li>
</ul>
<h3 id="well-be-super-excited-if-you" data-pos="1265">We'll be super excited if you:&nbsp;</h3>
<ul data-pos="1297">
<li data-pos="1297">Are eager to share your knowledge with your peers.</li>
<li data-pos="1350">Can quickly come up with solutions when communicating with users remotely.</li>
</ul>
<h3 id="what-tasks-we-have-in-store" data-pos="1432">What tasks we have in store:&nbsp;</h3>
<ul data-pos="1462">
<li data-pos="1462">Providing technical support to all JetBrains employees.</li>
<li data-pos="1520">Setting up new computers, fixing and modernizing the old ones.</li>
<li data-pos="1585">Deciding what hardware will be a better choice for a particular case.</li>
<li data-pos="1657">Advising JetBrainers on any hardware or software-related issues.</li>
<li data-pos="1724">Maintaining all the IT equipment in the office: computers, monitors, laptops, printers, copy machines, phones, and video conferencing systems.</li>
</ul>
<p></p>
<h2><span style="font-size: 14pt;"><strong>Why join JetBrains?</strong></span></h2>
<ul>
<li>Strong base salary. We offer competitive pay that reflects your skills and experience.</li>
<li>Flexible work location. Enjoy the freedom to work from home or from the office.</li>
<li>Remote work. Spend up to 30 days per year working remotely from abroad.</li>
<li>Extra time off. More days to relax, recharge, and do the things you love.</li>
<li>Medical insurance allowance. Enjoy peace of mind for you and your family.</li>
<li>Learning and development opportunities. Access to conferences, courses, and language classes.</li>
<li>Relocation support. We help make your move as smooth and stress-free as possible.</li>
<li>Language classes. Pick up the local language or sharpen your English skills.</li>
<li>Fuel your day. Enjoy a hot meal or receive a lunch allowance on workdays.</li>
<li>Mental health support. To help you feel your best, we provide easy access to professional mental health services.</li>
<li>Sports benefit. Enjoy an on-site gym or sports club stipend.</li>
<li>Internal events. Join company-wide celebrations and team gatherings.</li>
</ul>
<p>\*Some benefits may vary depending on location.</p>
<p></p>
<p><span style="color: rgb(255, 255, 255);">#LI-DNI</span></p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>We are an equal opportunity employer</strong><br><br>We know great ideas can come from anyone, anywhere. That’s why we do our best to create an open and inclusive workplace – one that welcomes everyone regardless of their background, identity, religion, age, accessibility needs, or orientation.</p>
<p><em data-stringify-type="italic">We process the data provided in your job application in accordance with the <a href="https://www.jetbrains.com/legal/docs/privacy/privacy-recruitment/">Recruitment Privacy Policy.</a></em></p></div>