<h3>About The Role</h3>
<p>We’re looking for a hardworking, driven individual with superb energy, passion and initiative for growing business within existing accounts. The Enterprise Account Executive role focuses exclusively on formulating and executing a sales strategy within an assigned territory, resulting in revenue growth.</p>
<p>We are looking to speak to candidates who are based in Taipei for our hybrid working model.</p>
<h3>MongoDB’s Sales Culture</h3>
<p>MongoDB is always developing and innovating — not only in our technology, but also in our sales go-to-market strategy. Our sales leadership is committed to building the best salesforce in technology. This means, inspiring and enabling success for everyone on the team. We not only equip you to be successful and close deals, but we want your feedback and input on how we can continue to “<a href="https://www.mongodb.com/company">Think Big and Go Far</a>.” As a crucial part of the Sales team at MongoDB, you will have access to a lucrative market and learn how to sell from some of the most successful sales leaders in the software industry.</p>
<h3>Responsibilities</h3>
<ul>
<li>Proactively prospect, identify, qualify and develop a sales pipeline</li>
<li>Close business to meet and exceed monthly, quarterly, and annual bookings objectives</li>
<li>Build strong and effective relationships, resulting in growth opportunities</li>
<li>Participate in our sales enablement training, including our comprehensive Sales Bootcamp, sophisticated sales training, and leadership and development programs</li>
<li>Work closely with the Professional Services team to achieve customer satisfaction</li>
</ul>
<h3>Requirements</h3>
<ul>
<li>BA/BS required</li>
<li>7+ years of field experience in quota-carrying experience in a fast-paced and competitive market with a focus on new business</li>
<li>Demonstrated ability to articulate the business value of complex enterprise technology</li>
<li>A track record of overachievement and hitting sales targets</li>
<li>Skilled in building business champions and running a complex sales process</li>
<li>Previous Sales Methodology training (e.g. MEDDIC, SPIN, Challenger Sales)</li>
<li>Familiarity with databases develops and open source technology a plus</li>
<li>Driven and competitive: Possess a strong desire to be successful</li>
<li>Skilled in managing time and resources; sound approach to qualifying opportunities</li>
<li>Possess aptitude to learn quickly and establish credibility. High EQ and self-aware</li>
<li>Fluent in English.</li>
<li>Must live in Taiwan</li>
<li>Passionate about growing your career in the largest market in software (database) and developing and maintaining an in-depth understanding of MongoDB products</li>
</ul>
<h3>About MongoDB</h3>
<p><br>MongoDB is built for change, empowering our customers and our people to innovate at the speed of the market. We have redefined the database for the AI era, enabling innovators to create, transform, and disrupt industries with software. MongoDB’s unified database platform—the most widely available, globally distributed database on the market—helps organizations modernize legacy workloads, embrace innovation, and unleash AI. Our cloud-native platform, MongoDB Atlas, is the only globally distributed, multi-cloud database and is available across AWS, Google Cloud, and Microsoft Azure.</p>
<p>With offices worldwide and nearly 60,000 customers—including 75% of the Fortune 100 and AI-native startups—relying on MongoDB for their most important applications, we’re powering the next era of software.</p>
<p>Our compass at MongoDB is our <a href="https://www.mongodb.com/company">Leadership Commitment,</a> guiding how and why we make decisions, show up for each other, and win. It’s what makes us MongoDB.</p>
<p>To drive the personal growth and business impact of our employees, we’re committed to developing a supportive and enriching culture for everyone. <a href="https://www.mongodb.com/company/blog/culture/employee-benefits-that-make-a-difference-at-mongodb">From employee affinity groups, to fertility assistance and a generous parental leave policy</a>, we value our employees’ wellbeing and want to support them along every step of their professional and personal journeys.<a href="https://www.mongodb.com/blog/channel/culture"> Learn more about what it’s like to work at MongoDB</a>, and help us make an impact on the world!</p>
<p>MongoDB is committed to providing any necessary accommodations for individuals with disabilities within our application and interview process. To request an accommodation due to a disability, please inform your recruiter.</p>
<p style="text-align: center;">\*MongoDB is an equal opportunities employer\*</p>
<table class="fields">
<tbody>
<tr>
<td>Requisition ID</td>
<td data-provides="requisition\_id">425211</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>
<p>&nbsp;</p>