<h3><strong>About JetBrains&nbsp;</strong></h3>
<p>At JetBrains, code is our passion. Ever since we started, back in 2000, we have been striving to make the strongest, most effective developer tools on earth. Over 15.9 million developers already use our products, and 88 Fortune Global Top 100 companies are JetBrains customers.</p>
<p><strong>About the role</strong></p>
<p>We are looking for a Customer Success Engineer to join our growing team. In this role, you will work to maintain close relationships with our existing customers in China and help grow the business in the region.</p>
<h2><strong>As part of our team, you will:</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Work closely with JetBrains account executives and support engineers to ensure a smooth pre-sales process and post-sales product adoption.</li>
<li>Manage existing large accounts, proactively preserve and develop them, and keep customers up to date on product developments.</li>
<li>Hold regular discovery calls with existing customers to identify and resolve issues early, understand how they use the product, relay important feedback to the product team, and help optimize their workflows by suggesting new features or improvements.</li>
<li>Handle customer escalations and help manage expectations with both the internal product team and the customer.</li>
<li>Provide technical guidance and assistance to existing customers.</li>
<li>Develop key sales, demo, and technical documentation for customers and adapt existing demos for specific use cases.</li>
<li>Visit customer offices and meet onsite at conferences and other events when necessary.</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>We’ll be happy to have you on our team if you:</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Have strong pre-sales experience with the ability to demo and pitch a product’s key value.</li>
<li>Have technical competence combined with a business-oriented approach and a focus on customer needs.</li>
<li>Are proficient in software development tools, ideally with hands-on experience in programming, QA, system administration, release automation, or a related field.</li>
<li>Possess problem-solving and analytical skills across technical, product, and business areas, with the ability to grasp customer needs and suggest suitable solutions.</li>
<li>Have at least five years of customer-facing experience in sales engineering, solutions engineering, customer success engineering, or a similar customer-facing field.</li>
<li>Possess strong interpersonal communication skills, both verbal and written – you will need to speak and write English fluently, as it is the preferred language of communication with our customers and partners, as well as within the team.</li>
<li>Have ​experience in driving discussions with both technical and non-technical audiences.</li>
<li>Are comfortable giving both in-person and remote presentations, holding Q&amp;A sessions, discussing product roadmaps, and delivering product demos.</li>
<li>Can work efficiently and successfully without direct supervision in a distributed team.</li>
<li>Have a proven track record of building and developing B2B relationships.</li>
<li>Speak Chinese at a native level.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Are willing and able to travel internationally up to 20% of the time.</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>Why join us?</strong></h3>
<p>This is a rare opportunity to shape JetBrains’ presence in China at an important stage. You’ll work closely with global leadership while maintaining the autonomy to drive results locally. We’re looking for someone who can take real ownership of the office, lead with clarity, navigate complexity responsibly, and build a sustainable environment where our teams can do their best work.</p>
<p>#LI-EG1</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>We are an equal opportunity employer</strong><br><br>We know great ideas can come from anyone, anywhere. That’s why we do our best to create an open and inclusive workplace – one that welcomes everyone regardless of their background, identity, religion, age, accessibility needs, or orientation.</p>
<p><em data-stringify-type="italic">We process the data provided in your job application in accordance with the <a href="https://www.jetbrains.com/legal/docs/privacy/privacy-recruitment/">Recruitment Privacy Policy.</a></em></p></div>