<div class="content-intro"><p><strong>Who we are&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>At Twilio, we’re shaping the future of communications, all from the comfort of our homes. We deliver innovative solutions to<a class="c-link" href="https://customers.twilio.com/" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://customers.twilio.com/" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">&nbsp;hundreds of thousands of businesses&nbsp;</a>and empower millions of developers worldwide to craft personalized customer experiences.</p>
<p>Our dedication to <a class="c-link" href="https://www.twilio.com/en-us/blog/open-work" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://www.twilio.com/en-us/blog/open-work" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">remote-first work</a>, and strong culture of connection and global inclusion means that no matter your location, you’re part of a vibrant team with diverse experiences making a global impact each day. As we continue to revolutionize how the world interacts, we’re acquiring new skills and experiences that make work feel truly rewarding. Your career at Twilio is in your hands.<br><br>We use Artificial Intelligence (AI) to help make our hiring process efficient. That said, every hiring decision is made by real Twilions!</p>
<p><span style="color: rgb(255, 255, 255);">.</span></p></div><p><strong>See yourself at Twilio</strong></p>
<p>Join the team as Twilio’s next Strategic Account Executive.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>About the job</strong></p>
<p>This position is needed to sell into high value prospects and customers. This person will play a key role in further growing the business across EMEA with a particular focus on Southern Europe. The candidate will be responsible for managing fast growing customers in the region. Focused mainly on Product cross and up-sell and GP growth, as well as sourcing net new opportunities within a set of accounts.</p>
<p><strong>Responsibilities</strong></p>
<p>In this role, you’ll:</p>
<ul>
<li>Servicing the fastest growing customers in the region.</li>
<li>Growing our revenue and gross profit share of wallet within your key account list.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Opening doors to the purchase of Twilio’s products and services - including voice, messaging, email, contact centre, account security software.</li>
<li>Maintaining the highest levels of customer satisfaction.</li>
<li>Create pricing proposals, negotiating terms and managing the contract process.</li>
<li>Selling solutions to a technical and business audience.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Building trust and mutual respect with technical customers and peers.</li>
<li>Thinking outside of the box and having extraordinary interpersonal and communication skills to make complex contractual, technical, and financial details sound simple.</li>
<li>Balancing challenging priorities and handling multiple projects/deals at the same time.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Qualifications&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>Twilio values diverse experiences from all kinds of industries, and we encourage everyone who meets the required qualifications to apply. If your career is just starting or hasn't followed a traditional path, don't let that stop you from considering Twilio. We are always looking for people who will bring something new to the table!</p>
<p><strong>\*Required:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>6+ years of Account Management/Sales experience covering selling and closing complex technical solutions to a large customer base.&nbsp;</li>
<li>History of working with accounts ranging from large multinational enterprise customers to SMB.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Demonstrated success by achieving quota on a consistent basis.</li>
<li>Track record of Account Management experience and a solid understanding of how to cross and upsell solutions within a mature customer base.&nbsp;</li>
<li>A solid understanding of financial reporting within a direct customer base - Revenue and Gross Profit tracking, Risk and Opportunity (net new business) cadence.</li>
<li style="font-weight: bold;"><strong>Fluent in one of the following languages: French, Italian or Spanish&nbsp;</strong></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Desired:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Ideally, you also have experience selling both to a business and technical audience.</li>
<li>Experience and understanding of working in the communications market is preferable.&nbsp; Have sold or worked with Messaging, Voice Calling, Email, Account Security Verification.&nbsp; Or have prior experience in a traditional telecommunications environment/business.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Location</strong></p>
<p>The position can be based in the United Kingdom, Spain or Ireland.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Travel&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>We prioritise connection and opportunities to build relationships with our customers and each other. For this role, approximately 25%&nbsp; travel is anticipated to help you connect in-person in a meaningful way.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>What We Offer</strong></p>
<p>Working at Twilio offers many benefits, including competitive pay, generous time off, ample parental and wellness leave, healthcare, a retirement savings program, and much more. Offerings vary by location.</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>Twilio thinks big. Do you?</strong></p>
<p>We like to solve problems, take initiative, pitch in when needed, and are always up for trying new things. That's why we seek out colleagues who embody our values — something we call <a href="https://www.twilio.com/company/values">Twilio Magic</a>. Additionally, we empower employees to build <a href="https://twilio.org/support-and-resources/impact-fund">positive change in their communities</a> by supporting their volunteering and donation efforts.</p>
<p>So, if you're ready to unleash your full potential, do your best work, and be the best version of yourself, apply now! If this role isn't what you're looking for, <a href="https://www.twilio.com/company/jobs#open-positions">please consider other open positions.</a></p>
<p><strong>Twilio is proud to be an equal opportunity employer.</strong> We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, reproductive health decisions, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, genetic information, political views or activity, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Qualified applicants with arrest or conviction records will be considered for employment in accordance with the Los Angeles County Fair Chance Ordinance for Employers and the California Fair Chance Act. Additionally, Twilio participates in the E-Verify program in certain locations, as required by law.</p></div>