<h3>Snapshot&nbsp;</h3>
<p>Executive Business Partner Program Manager's play a key role in the delivery and management of a mission-focussed and effective E/ABP program. Day-to-day, you will partner closely with E/ABPs across the community, providing them with coaching and guidance to optimise their impact, as well as fostering strong relationships with a diverse, complex, and senior stakeholder group, ensuring that the community excels and adapts to evolving business needs.&nbsp;</p>
<h3>About Us&nbsp;</h3>
<p>Artificial Intelligence could be one of humanity’s most useful inventions. At Google DeepMind, we’re a team of scientists, engineers, machine learning experts and more, working together to advance the state of the art in artificial intelligence. We use our technologies for widespread public benefit and scientific discovery, and collaborate with others on critical challenges, ensuring safety and ethics are the highest priority.</p>
<h3>The role</h3>
<p><strong>Key responsibilities:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Partner with the E/ABP Lead and other Executive Business Partner Program Manager's to lead, develop and nurture the global GDM E/ABP community.</li>
<li>Collaborate with senior stakeholders to manage the E/ABP community’s capacity and determine leadership partnering bundles by objectively assessing leadership support requirements and providing the information required to make informed decisions in line with the E/ABP program objectives.</li>
<li>Manage a team of E/ABPs by setting expectations for each of your reports aligned to their role, level, and organisational goals. Provide regular feedback and coaching, invest in their development, assess their performance and regularly meet with the leader(s) they partner with for feedback. Recognize achievements and hold team members accountable against expectations.</li>
<li>Ensure appropriate metrics, roles, and people are in place to meet organisational goals. Make prioritisation decisions, equitably allocate work, and manage resources to deliver business impact for GDM.</li>
<li>Manage through change to deliver results by demonstrating good judgement, making and communicating adjustments and removing obstacles to ensure goals can be met during times of change. Encourage innovation and thoughtful risk taking to deliver business impact for GDM. Balance short term needs with longer term business goals and the E/ABP program strategy</li>
<li>Take ownership of the E/ABP hiring strategy, planning and execution in partnership with our Talent Acquisition team to make equitable hiring and talent decisions across the team to meet current and future business needs.</li>
<li>Ensure that community norms create belonging, psychological safety, and respect. Facilitate collaboration and open communication to help teams achieve results together.</li>
<li>Encourage wellbeing by checking in with each E/ABP you manage and provide appropriate resources to support wellbeing as needed. Set the team up for sustained high performance by actively reprioritizing or redistributing work as demands on the community change.</li>
<li>Role model and make decisions and support activities that align to GDM’s values, policies and practices. Encourage community &nbsp;members to positively contribute to GDM and recognize them for doing so.&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<h3>About you</h3>
<p><strong>In order to set you up for success as a Executive Business Partner Program Manager at Google DeepMind, &nbsp;we look for the following skills and experience:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Team Management experience: an understanding of and continued investment in growing the skills and capabilities required to lead work, develop people, and build community.</li>
<li>Ability to build trusting, collaborative relationships and rapport across all stakeholders groups and business areas. You confidently share your expertise and opinions and influence Leaders, reports and collaborators to make informed decisions.</li>
<li>A resilient nature, you remain calm, implementing changes as required, seeking understanding and learning from any setbacks.</li>
<li>You identify and take ownership for developing solutions to problems independently and improve ways of working, tools or processes.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>In addition, the following would be an advantage:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Experience managing teams across offices and timezones</li>
<li>Understanding of the E/ABP role and/or experience developing individuals within a supportive function</li>
<li>Experience working closely with senior stakeholders to deliver against business needs</li>
</ul>
<p>At Google DeepMind, we value diversity of experience, knowledge, backgrounds and perspectives and harness these qualities to create extraordinary impact. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of sex, race, religion or belief, ethnic or national origin, disability, age, citizenship, marital, domestic or civil partnership status, sexual orientation, gender identity, pregnancy, or related condition (including breastfeeding) or any other basis as protected by applicable law. If you have a disability or additional need that requires accommodation, please do not hesitate to let us know.</p>