<div class="content-intro"><p><strong data-stringify-type="bold">Why work at Nebius<br></strong>Nebius is leading a new era in cloud computing to serve the global AI economy. We create the tools and resources our customers need to solve real-world challenges and transform industries, without massive infrastructure costs or the need to build large in-house AI/ML teams. Our employees work at the cutting edge of AI cloud infrastructure alongside some of the most experienced and innovative leaders and engineers in the field.</p>
<p><strong>Where we work<br></strong>Headquartered in Amsterdam and listed on Nasdaq, Nebius has a global footprint with R&amp;D hubs across Europe, North America, and Israel. The team of over 1400 employees includes more than 400 highly skilled engineers with deep expertise across hardware and software engineering, as well as an in-house AI R&amp;D team.</p></div><h3><strong><span data-ccp-props="{}">The role</span></strong></h3>
<p>We are seeking an&nbsp;Ethics &amp; Compliance Specialist to support the development , implementation, and and day-today execution of its global Ethics &amp; Compliance program.</p>
<p>This role is ideal for someone with a solid compliance foundation who wants to work across multiple compliance areas, contribute to process improvements, and help scale a modern compliance function in a fast-growing tech environment.</p>
<p>You will work closely with Ethics &amp; Compliance, Legal, HR, and varrious other business and technology teams to ensure compliance is practical, efficient, and embedded into business operations.</p>
<p><strong><span data-contrast="auto"><span data-ccp-charstyle="Strong">Your responsibilities will include:</span></span></strong><span data-ccp-props="{&quot;134233117&quot;:true,&quot;134233118&quot;:true}">&nbsp;</span></p>
<ul>
<li>Support the implementation and ongoing management of the compliance program across multiple areas, including:</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li>Conflict of Interest “COI”</li>
<li>Third-Party Risk Management</li>
<li>Anti-Bribery &amp; Corruption</li>
<li>Gifts &amp; Entertainment</li>
<li>Training &amp; awareness</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li>Assist in reviewing compliance matters and business requests, ensuring alignment with company policies</li>
<li>Support COI handling, third-party due diligence, and internal compliance workflows (intake, tracking, documentation)</li>
<li>Help identify training needs across the organization and support development and delivery of compliance training and awareness initiatives</li>
<li>Contribute to process improvement and automation initiatives, making compliance processes more efficient and scalable</li>
<li>Support the development of compliance playbooks and practical guidance materials (e.g. for third-party onboarding, events, sponsorships, COI handling)</li>
<li>Support monitoring and testing of compliance controls, including preparation for internal reviews or audits</li>
<li>Assist with compliance reporting, including preparation of materials for management and Board-level reporting</li>
<li>Collaborate with cross-functional teams (Legal, HR, Procurement, Sales) on compliance-related topics</li>
<li>Promote a strong culture of ethics and integrity, supporting transparent communication and ethical decision-making across the business</li>
</ul>
<p><strong><span data-contrast="auto"><span data-ccp-charstyle="Strong">We expect you to have:</span></span></strong><span data-ccp-props="{&quot;134233117&quot;:true,&quot;134233118&quot;:true}">&nbsp;</span></p>
<ul>
<li>Degree in business, law or a relevant compliance field</li>
<li>Minimum of 4 experience in compliance roles</li>
<li>Experience working within a <strong>corporate compliance program</strong></li>
<li>Good understanding of core compliance topics (e.g. COI, ABAC, third-party risk, sanctions basics)</li>
<li>Strong organizational and analytical skills</li>
<li>Hands-on and proactive, Interested in building and improving processes,</li>
<li>Structured and detail-oriented, but pragmatic</li>
<li>Strong communication skills and ability to work cross-functionally</li>
</ul>
<p><strong><span data-contrast="auto"><span data-ccp-charstyle="Strong">It will be an added bonus if you have:</span></span></strong><span data-ccp-props="{&quot;134233117&quot;:true,&quot;134233118&quot;:true}">&nbsp;</span></p>
<ul>
<li>Experience with compliance tools or workflow systems</li>
<li>Exposure to automation or process improvement initiatives</li>
<li>Experience in a fast-paced, international / listed, or tech environment</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>What we offer</strong>&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>Competitive salary and comprehensive benefits package.</li>
<li>Opportunities for professional growth within Nebius.</li>
<li>Flexible working arrangements.</li>
<li>A dynamic and collaborative work environment that values initiative and innovation.</li>
</ul>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">We’re growing and expanding our products every day. If you’re up to the challenge and are excited about AI and ML as much as we are, join us!</span></p></div>