<div class="content-intro"><p><strong data-stringify-type="bold">Why work at Nebius<br></strong>Nebius is leading a new era in cloud computing to serve the global AI economy. We create the tools and resources our customers need to solve real-world challenges and transform industries, without massive infrastructure costs or the need to build large in-house AI/ML teams. Our employees work at the cutting edge of AI cloud infrastructure alongside some of the most experienced and innovative leaders and engineers in the field.</p>
<p><strong>Where we work<br></strong>Headquartered in Amsterdam and listed on Nasdaq, Nebius has a global footprint with R&amp;D hubs across Europe, North America, and Israel. The team of over 1400 employees includes more than 400 highly skilled engineers with deep expertise across hardware and software engineering, as well as an in-house AI R&amp;D team.</p></div><p style="text-align: left;"><strong>New data center development:</strong></p>
<p style="text-align: left;">We give you&nbsp;the opportunity to work with cutting-edge technologies in data operations, cloud computing and infrastructure management. As global data center operations grow, there will be ample opportunities for career&nbsp;progression. Working in the data center directly impacts performance, customer satisfaction and efficiency, with the opportunity to contribute to new data center projects.You’ll collaborate with experts in AI data center development and operations, gaining insights from leaders in the field. This environment fosters innovation, and allows you to work on solutions that exceed industry standards in design and deployment.<strong><br></strong></p>
<h3 style="text-align: left;"><strong>The role</strong></h3>
<p>We are looking for a<strong>&nbsp;Lead Warehouse Logistics Specialist</strong> to oversee and coordinate all warehouse and logistics operations for data center hardware. This role ensures that inbound/outbound shipments, inventory accuracy, and equipment provisioning meet operational standards. This position implies full accountability for the logistics function, people management, cross-department coordination, and risk management, as well as developing long-term improvements to support business growth.</p>
<p><strong>Your responsibilities will include:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>1. Warehouse &amp; Shipment Management</p>
<ul>
<li>Ensure timely and accurate processing of inbound and outbound shipments.</li>
<li>Establish and maintain SOPs for shipping and material handling.</li>
<li>Oversee packaging standards for equipment.</li>
<li>Handle escalations with warehouse operations.</li>
<li>Identify bottlenecks and optimize warehouse workflows.</li>
<li>Identify opportunities for process and tools improvement.</li>
</ul>
<p>2. Inventory &amp; Asset Control</p>
<ul>
<li>Lead cyclical and annual inventory checks across all warehouse and external storage locations.</li>
<li>Guarantee data accuracy in the inventory system (ERP, WMS).</li>
<li>Assets creation process supervision.</li>
<li>Analyze inventory discrepancies and implement preventive measures.</li>
</ul>
<p>3. Team Management</p>
<ul>
<li>Lead and mentor a logistics team.</li>
<li>Distribute tasks, monitor performance, and conduct onboarding process.</li>
<li>Act as escalation point for operational and staffing issues.</li>
<li>Resource mangement (internal + outsource)</li>
</ul>
<p>4. Stakeholder Communication</p>
<ul>
<li>Act as primary logistics contact for data center engineers, project managers, and procurement teams.</li>
<li>Manage relationships with relevant partners.</li>
</ul>
<p>5. Risk Management</p>
<ul>
<li>Assess and mitigate risks related to logistics operations, including equipment damage, delays and theft.</li>
<li>Establish safety protocols in handling heavy, fragile equipment.</li>
<li>Perform root-cause analysis of logistics incidents and implement corrective actions.</li>
<li>Coordinate with data center operations and security teams to align risk management practices.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>We expect you to have:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>5+ years in warehouse/logistics operations, preferably in IT hardware or data centers.</li>
<li>Proven leadership experience (managing people and processes).</li>
<li>Strong knowledge of shipping standards and inventory systems.</li>
<li>Analytical mindset with ability to drive continuous improvement.</li>
<li>Excellent communication and stakeholder management skills.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Key Employee Benefits:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><strong>Health Insurance: </strong>100% company-paid medical, dental, and vision coverage for employees and families.</li>
<li><strong>401(k) Plan: </strong>Up to 4% company match with immediate vesting.</li>
<li><strong>Parental Leave: </strong>20 weeks paid for primary caregivers, 12 weeks for secondary caregivers.</li>
<li><strong>Disability &amp; Life Insurance: </strong>Company-paid short-term, long-term, and life insurance coverage.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Compensation</strong></p>
<p>We offer competitive salaries ranging from $115K to $150K OTE, which includes base salary and bonus.</p>
<p><strong>Join Nebius Today!</strong></p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>What we offer</strong>&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>Competitive salary and comprehensive benefits package.</li>
<li>Opportunities for professional growth within Nebius.</li>
<li>Flexible working arrangements.</li>
<li>A dynamic and collaborative work environment that values initiative and innovation.</li>
</ul>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">We’re growing and expanding our products every day. If you’re up to the challenge and are excited about AI and ML as much as we are, join us!</span></p></div>