<div class="content-intro"><h3>ABOUT TIDE</h3>
<p>At Tide we help SMEs save time (and money) in the running of their businesses by not only offering business accounts and related banking services, but also a comprehensive set of highly usable and connected administrative solutions from invoicing to accounting.</p>
<p>Tide is transforming the small business banking market with over 1.8 million members globally across the UK, India, Germany and France.</p>
<p>Using advanced technology, all solutions are designed with SMEs in mind. With quick onboarding, low fees and innovative features, we thrive on making data-driven decisions to serve our mission: to help SMEs save both time (and money) so they can get back to doing what they love.</p>
<p><strong>Tide facts:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Tide is available for UK, Indian, German and French SMEs</li>
<li>Over 1.8 million members: 800,000 UK and 1,000,000 in India and growing rapidly</li>
<li>Over $300 million raised in funding</li>
<li>Over 2,500 Tideans globally - we’re diversity champions!</li>
<li>We have offices in Central London, with a member support and technology centre in Sofia, Bulgaria, technology centres in Serbia, Romania, Lithuania and Hyderabad and offices in Gurugram and New Delhi, and in Berlin, Paris and Luxembourg.</li>
</ul></div><h3>&nbsp;</h3>
<p><strong>ABOUT THE ROLE</strong></p>
<p>As a Customer Support Agent, you will be helping businesses across the India Operations to become success stories every day. You’ll love talking to people and have an empathetic nature along with a passion for solving customer problems. You will play a key part in helping Tide expand by providing around the clock support, every day of the year. Our mission is to save businesses time and money every day, and delivering fast and fluid support is key to achieving this. Solving problems quickly and giving clear and honest advice is what sets us apart from the traditional big banks.</p>
<p>Some of the things you’ll be doing:&nbsp;</p>
<ul data-stringify-type="unordered-list" data-list-tree="true" data-indent="0" data-border="0">
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">Spotting patterns is second nature to you, and you’re always ready to highlight areas that can be improved</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">Juggling priorities to ensure that members get the best support experience</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">Getting to grips with tough banking challenges like unfamiliar transactions, missing payments, and direct debits</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">Enjoy helping mentor new members of the team, and support them with your wisdom and experience and help out with common back office tasks</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>WHAT WE ARE LOOKING FOR:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Excellent spoken and written English skills</li>
<li>You have 1-4 years of experience as a customer support associate</li>
<li>You understand and have worked with customer satisfaction metrics</li>
<li>You can attend to all the customer queries, comments and concern posted to the company social media platform</li>
<li>You can review all social media posts for accuracy</li>
<li>Ability to use industry tools like Kustomer, Zendesk, GSuite, and Jira</li>
<li>You are confident talking with our customers to help them get the most from their current account</li>
<li>Passion for problem-solving and finding solutions to difficult situations</li>
<li>You are always on the lookout for recurring issues and help create new workflows to solve them</li>
<li>Strong organisational skills</li>
<li>Experience working in customer service for the finance industry</li>
<li>Excellent computer skills</li>
<li>You have some experience working in startups</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>WHAT YOU'LL GET IN RETURN:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Competitive salary</li>
<li>Self &amp; Family Health Insurance</li>
<li>Term &amp; Life Insurance</li>
<li>OPD Benefits</li>
<li>Mental wellbeing through Plumm</li>
<li>Learning &amp; Development Budget</li>
<li>15 days of Privilege leaves</li>
<li>12 days of Casual leaves</li>
<li>12 days of Sick leaves</li>
<li>3 paid days off for volunteering or L&amp;D activities</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p><div class="content-conclusion"><h3>TIDE IS A PLACE FOR EVERYONE</h3>
<p>At Tide, we believe that we can only succeed if we let our differences enrich our culture. Our Tideans come from a variety of backgrounds and experience levels. We consider everyone irrespective of their ethnicity, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, family or parental status, national origin, veteran, neurodiversity or differently-abled status. We celebrate diversity in our workforce as a cornerstone of our success. Our commitment to a broad spectrum of ideas and backgrounds is what enables us to build products that resonate with our members’ diverse needs and lives.&nbsp;</p>
<p>We are One Team and foster a transparent and inclusive environment, where everyone’s voice is heard.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><em>At Tide, we thrive on diversity, embracing various backgrounds and experiences. We welcome all individuals regardless of ethnicity, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, or disability. Our inclusive culture is key to our success, helping us build products that meet our members' diverse needs. We are One Team, committed to transparency and ensuring everyone’s voice is heard.</em></p>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section">&nbsp;</div>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section"><strong>Disclaimer</strong></div>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section">&nbsp;</div>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section"><em>It has come to our attention that individuals or agencies are falsely claiming to represent Tide and are reaching out to candidates regarding job opportunities. Please be aware that:</em></div>
<ul class="p-rich\_text\_list p-rich\_text\_list\_\_bullet p-rich\_text\_list--nested" data-stringify-type="unordered-list" data-list-tree="true" data-indent="0" data-border="0">
<li style="font-style: italic;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><em>Tide does&nbsp;<strong data-stringify-type="bold">not</strong>&nbsp;charge any fees at any stage of the recruitment process.</em></li>
<li style="font-style: italic;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><em>All official Tide job opportunities are listed exclusively on our&nbsp;<a href="https://www.tide.co/careers/" target="\_blank"><strong data-stringify-type="bold">Careers Page</strong></a>&nbsp;and applications should be submitted through this channel.</em></li>
<li style="font-style: italic;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><em>Communication from Tide will only come from an official&nbsp;<strong data-stringify-type="bold">@tide</strong><strong data-stringify-type="bold">.co</strong>&nbsp;email address.</em></li>
<li style="font-style: italic;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><em>Tide does not work with agencies or recruiters without prior formal engagement, and we do not authorize third parties to make job offers on our behalf.</em></li>
</ul>
<p><em>If you are contacted by anyone misrepresenting Tide or requesting payment, please treat it as fraudulent and report it to us immediately at <a href="mailto:talent@tide.co" target="\_blank">talent@tide.co</a><br>Your safety and trust are important to us, and we are committed to ensuring a fair and transparent recruitment process.</em></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><em><em data-stringify-type="italic">Tide leverages AI to enhance our hiring experience. You can read more about how we use AI in our recruitment process in our <a href="https://assets.ctfassets.net/3h69mkdgxn20/5MFtWSdG8YLKq3jZkK52NY/3f18633073e6cdbd03bba4b9791c64f4/Using\_AI\_throughout\_the\_Hiring\_Process.pdf" target="\_blank">AI Policy</a>.</em></em></p>
<p><em><em data-stringify-type="italic">Your personal data will be processed by Tide for recruitment purposes and in accordance with </em><em data-stringify-type="italic"><a class="c-link" href="https://assets.ctfassets.net/3h69mkdgxn20/4TE0uAE3SXomATDVneocNA/aa31893960b4064dd406ad15d029dcd3/Recruitment\_Privacy\_Notice.pdf" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://assets.ctfassets.net/3h69mkdgxn20/1MYf6q4ZMWugpeaROVETBN/526e9c160a2de03576413c81657c6466/Recruitment\_Privacy\_Notice\_\_Final\_Draft\_\_Sep\_2024\_.pdf" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">Tide's Recruitment Privacy Notice</a></em><em data-stringify-type="italic">.</em></em></p></div>