<p><strong>Account Manager HVM – German</strong></p>
<p>At SumUp, we are driven to empower small businesses across the globe by de-hassling their lives and helping them to succeed. Our vision as a global FinTech company is to build the first-ever global card acceptance brand, and we are well on our way as small businesses in over 33 countries around the world rely on SumUp to get paid. To get there, we are putting together an awesome team that is committed to one another and to our merchants. You could be our missing link! Help us bring card acceptance to the masses!</p>
<p>As an account manager, you will be responsible for managing the full merchant lifecycle of our high-value merchants (monthly TPV &gt; €50), providing personalized, high-touch support from onboarding to retention and growth. You will act as the single point of contact for your assigned portfolio of merchants, proactively engaging with them to maximize their success with SumUp while developing strong relationships that drive business value.</p>
<p><strong>What you’ll do</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Conducting merchant discovery calls, understanding their needs from the moment they sign up and ensuring a smooth and frictionless activation</li>
<li>Delivering tailored training sessions on SumUp products either remotely or onsite.</li>
<li>Collaborating with our field sales team during deal closure to ensure a seamless transition</li>
<li>Serving as the primary relationship manager, ensuring high-value merchants receive priority support and proactively providing strategic consultations to merchants</li>
<li>Monitoring transactional data and key account metrics, identifying opportunities for growth or signs of potential churn.</li>
<li>Upselling and cross-selling relevant SumUp products to drive merchant expansion.</li>
<li>Liaising with internal teams to resolve merchant pain points effectively.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Your mission: </strong><strong>Activation, retention and growth of the portfolio of merchants through:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Proactive activation reach out calls to engage the merchants and get them to start transacting per necessary product</li>
<li>Conducting personalized training sessions, either onsite or through Google Meets</li>
<li>Keeping merchants engaged and satisfied with our products and helping them reach their expected TPV targets</li>
<li>Conducting proactive retention activities, identifying early signs of churn and implementing strategies to re-engage at-risk merchants</li>
<li>Executing ad-hoc growth campaigns aimed at increasing merchant engagement and driving additional revenue opportunities.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>&nbsp;What we’re looking for</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>2 to 3 years of experience in managing large accounts</li>
<li>Strong sales and upselling capabilities</li>
<li>Excellent verbal and written communication skills in English and German</li>
<li>Interest in data analysis and reporting</li>
<li>Strong problem-solving skills and the ability to think creatively to find solutions to client issues</li>
<li>Competent up to date knowledge of market (i.e retail, FnB verticals)</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Why you should join SumUp:</strong></p>
<p>🌎Opportunity to work with SumUppers globally on large-scale fintech products used by millions of businesses worldwide, from our Barcelona office. This involves an office-first setup</p>
<p>🥗Restaurant tickets (powered by Edenred)</p>
<p>🌈 Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion: Be part of a workplace that values and promotes diversity, fostering an inclusive environment where everyone's perspectives are respected and embraced</p>
<p>📚 A dedicated annual L&amp;D budget of €2000 for attending conferences and/or advancing your career through further education</p>
<p>🔄 30 Days Sabbatical: Enjoy the unique opportunity to take a well-deserved break with our 30 days sabbatical benefit after completing 3 years of employment with SumUp</p>
<p>🔗 Referral Bonus: Earn additional rewards by referring talented individuals to join the SumUp team</p>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">#SumUpOps</span></p>
<p><em>About SumUp</em></p>
<p>We believe in the everyday hero. Small business owners are at the heart of all we do, so we're creating tools that help them run their businesses. With a founder’s mentality and a 'team-first' attitude, our diverse teams across Europe, South America, and the United States work together to ensure that the small business owners we partner with can be successful doing what they love.</p>
<p>SumUp is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer that proudly pursues and hires a diverse workforce. SumUp does not make hiring or employment decisions on the basis of race, color, religion or religious belief, ethnic or national origin, nationality, sex, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, disability, age or any other basis protected by applicable laws or prohibited by company policy. SumUp also strives for a healthy and safe workplace and strictly prohibits harassment of any kind.</p>
<p>SumUp will not accept unsolicited resumes from any source other than directly from a candidate.</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>Job Application Tip</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We recognise that candidates feel they need to meet 100% of the job criteria in order to apply for a job. Please note that this is only a guide. If you don’t tick every box, it’s ok too because it means you have room to learn and develop your career at SumUp.</span></p></div>