<p><strong>Backend Engineer, Core Technology</strong></p>
<p class="p1"><strong>Who we are</strong></p>
<p class="p1"><strong>About Stripe</strong></p>
<p class="p1">Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies - from the world’s largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups - use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyone's reach while doing the most important work of your career.</p>
<p class="p1"><strong>About the Organization<span class="Apple-converted-space">&nbsp;</span></strong></p>
<ul class="ul1">
<li class="li1">Core Infrastructure: We’re the home for Stripe's critical tier0 infrastructure systems (Compute, Networking, DocumentDB, Distributed Caching and High assurance engineering). We build the foundational platform for Stripe products and services to allow them to operate at scale. We drive reliability, availability, efficiency and scalability of these systems.</li>
<li class="li1">Developer Infrastructure: We’re responsible for the productivity of all developers at Stripe. Ensure Stripe’s engineers have a reliable, fast, and easy-to-use inner dev loop to maximize productivity while building everything from low-latency microservices to large-scale data pipelines and machine learning models.<span class="Apple-converted-space">&nbsp;</span></li>
<li class="li1">Reliability Insights and Excellence: We build tools and frameworks to introspect and improve reliability across Stripe.</li>
<li class="li1">Application and Revenue Platform: Building the powerful and scalable infrastructure that powers the company’s innovative application offerings and supports the seamless processing and management of Stripe’s global transaction volumes.</li>
<li class="li1">Finance Systems: Our mission is to enable effective financial decisions through reliable data, increased efficiency and automation. We support Accounting, Tax, Finance &amp; Strategy (F&amp;S), Finance Operations (FinOps) and Treasury functions across Automation, Data insights and process improvements.</li>
<li class="li1">Service Platform: We enable engineering teams at Stripe to easily write and ship useful services that correctly, reliably, and efficiently leverage platform capabilities.<span class="Apple-converted-space">&nbsp;</span></li>
<li class="li1">Team Matching: exact team matching for one of the subteams within one of these orgs will begin during final stages. Please note we may also consider you for different orgs based on your experience, location, etc. More information on our team matching process can be found here.<span class="Apple-converted-space">&nbsp;</span></li>
</ul>
<p class="p1"><strong>What you’ll do</strong></p>
<p class="p1">We’re looking for Software Engineers who are interested in building software services and platforms that impact thousands of employees and millions of Stripe users, regardless of whether they’re an end user, developer, or partner. You will work on projects that span technologies, systems, and processes where you will design, build, test, and ship great code every day.</p>
<p class="p1"><strong>Responsibilities</strong></p>
<ul class="ul1">
<li class="li1">Build a great customer experience for internal and external Stripe teams using our infrastructure</li>
<li class="li1">Participate in roadmap planning and prioritization</li>
<li class="li1">Deliver value through a strong collaborative approach with multiple customers and stakeholders across Stripe</li>
<li class="li1">Debug production issues across services and several levels of the stack</li>
<li class="li1">Who you are</li>
<li class="li1">We're looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.</li>
</ul>
<p class="p1"><strong>Minimum requirements</strong></p>
<ul class="ul1">
<li class="li1">2-12+ years of industry software engineering experience (does not include internships or co-ops)</li>
<li class="li1">Ability to write well-factored algorithms and have experience with commonly used data structures and algorithms</li>
<li class="li1">Hands-on experience contributing to or building large scale distributed systems</li>
<li class="li1">Strong coding skills in any programming language (we understand new languages can be learned on the job so our interview process is language agnostic)</li>
<li class="li1">Strong collaboration skills, can work across workstreams within your team and contribute to your peers’ success</li>
<li class="li1">Have the ability to thrive on a high level of autonomy, responsibility, and think of yourself as entrepreneurial</li>
<li class="li1">Interest in working as a generalist across varying technologies and stacks to solve problems and delight both internal and external users</li>
</ul>
<p class="p1"><strong>Preferred Qualifications</strong></p>
<ul class="ul1">
<li class="li1">Experience optimizing the end to end performance of distributed systems</li>
<li class="li1">Focuses on the needs of our users, both internal and external</li>
<li class="li1">Hold yourself and others to a high bar when working with production</li>
</ul>