<div class="content-intro"><h2><strong>About Remote</strong></h2>
<div><span style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">Remote is solving modern organizations’ biggest challenge – navigating global employment compliantly with ease. We make it possible for businesses of all sizes to recruit, pay, and manage international teams. With our core values at heart and future focused work culture, our team works tirelessly on ambitious problems, asynchronously, around the world. You can find Remoters working from 6 different continents (Antarctica left to go!) and all of our positions are fully remote.<br><br><span class="discussion-id-2f7cb4da-dab4-8068-a80f-001c50b2d808 suggestion-update notion-enable-hover" data-token-index="0">With Innovation as one of the core values, we have built Automation and AI capabilities into the requirements for every role.</span><br><br>We encourage every member of the Remote team to bring their talents, experiences and culture to the table to help us build the best-in-class HR platform.</span></div>
<div>&nbsp;</div>
<div><span style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">If you are energetic, curious, motivated and ambitious, be part of our world. Apply now and define the future of work!</span></div></div><h2><strong>What this job can offer you</strong></h2>
<p>This is an exciting time to join Remote and make a personal difference in the global employment space as a <strong>Solutions Consultant, specialising in Global Payroll</strong>, joining our Go To Market Solutions Consulting team.</p>
<p>Remote seeks to address global disparity with innovative working solutions, to provide access to dignified employment for everyone. We're looking for folks with the enthusiasm and passion to help ensure an equitable and sustainable future of work to make the world a better place for all.</p>
<h2>What you bring</h2>
<ul>
<li>Pre Sales Solution consulting, and / or other consulting experience, with a proven ability to employ consultative techniques to understand client needs, build rapport, and provide insightful recommendations</li>
<li>Consultancy and / or sales experience with global payroll processes and systems</li>
<li>Excellent understanding of distributed workforce solutions and international HRIS. Deep experience and knowledge of any of the following will be highly desirable: contractor management tools or platforms, Employer of Record, Global Payroll, HRIS</li>
<li>A very good understanding of sales cycles and sales processes and a strong sales acumen</li>
<li>Excellent communication skills with a flair for storytelling. You are able to convey complex concepts in a clear and compelling manner</li>
<li>Strong technical aptitude, with the ability to quickly learn, understand, demonstrate and analyse software solutions</li>
<li>Team player, able to collaborate effectively with distributed cross-functional teams and drive a positive team environment</li>
<li>Flexible and able to juggle and complete multiple priorities and projects (internally and externally) in a fast-paced environment</li>
<li>Relevant certifications in payroll (e.g. CIPP, CIPM (UK) or EMEA equivalent) are considered a plus</li>
<li>Knowledge or familiarity of payroll accounting, and payroll accounting software (e.g. Xero, QuickBooks etc) also considered a plus</li>
<li>Writes and speaks fluent English; additional fluency in German or French considered a plus</li>
<li>It's not required to have experience working remotely, but considered a plus</li>
<li>5 years of related experience with a Bachelor’s degree; or 3 years and a Master’s degree</li>
</ul>
<h2>Key Responsibilities</h2>
<ul>
<li>Partner with our Global Payroll sellers to define and execute the sales strategy enabling Remote to penetrate and grow market share for Remote Global Payroll solution.</li>
<li>Be a Global Payroll subject matter expert, staying up-to-date on latest product features and industry developments and providing best practice guidance to our customers</li>
<li>Effectively communicate the value proposition of Remote’s Global Payroll through tailored demonstrations, proposals and presentations.</li>
<li>Develop and iterate on playbooks and materials required during the sales cycle to increase the quality of sale relating to Global Payroll</li>
<li>Understand our customers key business needs and translate those requirements into a scope of work ready to handover for a successful implementation</li>
<li>Help to ensure that the solutions consulting and sales teams are adequately enabled on the technical aspects of the Global Payroll solution and the value proposition for prospective clients</li>
<li>Provide insightful, nuanced and commercially minded feedback to our Product teams to ensure we are meeting market needs for Global Payroll.</li>
</ul>
<h2>Practicals</h2>
<ul>
<li><strong>You'll report to:</strong>&nbsp;Manager, Solutions Consulting EMEA</li>
<li><strong>Team:</strong>&nbsp;Revenue Operations &amp; Sales Acceleration</li>
<li><strong>Location</strong>: Anywhere in EMEA</li>
<li><strong>Start date</strong>: As soon as possible</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Application process</strong></h2>
<ol>
<li>(async) Resume review</li>
<li>Interview with Recruiter</li>
<li>Interview with hiring manager (45 min)</li>
<li>Interview with SC team members (30 min each)</li>
<li>Exercise - presentation (panel review) (45 min)</li>
<li>Bar raiser interview</li>
<li>(async) Offer</li>
<li>Reference calls</li>
</ol>
<p>&nbsp;</p><div class="content-pay-transparency"><div class="pay-input"><div class="description"><p>Remote's <a href="https://www.notion.so/remotecom/people-Total-Rewards-1945bce8d3924ece9421ba8630f57b0c">Total Rewards philosophy</a> is to ensure fair, unbiased compensation and fair <span class="link-annotation-unknown-block-id-1691622878">equity</span><span class="discussion-level-1 discussion-id-f2a82bc4-09e4-4a71-ad93-755b1d26a690 notion-enable-hover" data-token-index="3"> pay </span>along with competitive benefits in all locations in which we operate. We do not agree to or encourage cheap-labor practices and therefore we ensure to pay above in-location rates. We hope to inspire other companies to support global talent-hiring and bring local wealth to developing countries.</p>
<p>At first glance our salary bands seem quite wide - here is some context. At Remote we have international operations and a globally distributed workforce.&nbsp; We use geo ranges to consider geographic pay differentials as part of our global compensation strategy to remain competitive in various markets while we hiring globally.<br><br>Our salary ranges are determined by role, level and location, and our job titles may span more than one career level. The actual base pay for the successful candidate in this role is dependent upon many factors such as location, transferable or job-related skills, work experience, relevant training, business needs, and market demands. The base salary range may be subject to change.<br><br><em data-stringify-type="italic">At Remote, we foster internal mobility as a key element of our culture of employee growth and development, supported by a compensation philosophy that guarantees pay equity and fairness. Therefore, all compensation changes associated with an internal move will be reviewed by the Total Rewards &amp; People Enablement team on a case by case basis.</em></p></div><div class="title">The annual salary range for this full-time position is</div><div class="pay-range"><span>$62,400</span><span class="divider">&mdash;</span><span>$157,950 USD</span></div></div></div><div class="content-conclusion"><h2><strong>Benefits</strong></h2>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section">
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">Our full benefits &amp; perks are explained in our handbook at&nbsp;<a class="c-link" href="http://remote.com/r/benefits" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="http://remote.com/r/benefits" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">remote.com/r/benefits</a>. As a global company, each country works differently, but some benefits/perks are for all Remoters:</span></div>
<ul class="p-rich\_text\_list p-rich\_text\_list\_\_bullet" data-stringify-type="unordered-list" data-indent="0" data-border="0">
<li style="font-size: 12pt;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">work from anywhere</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">flexible paid time off</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">flexible working hours (we are&nbsp;<a class="c-link" href="https://remote.com/async" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://www.notion.so/remotecom/Working-Async-at-Remote-80c01cd443ad4c77a8ceaef7c5fba5d0" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">async</a>)</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">16 weeks paid parental leave</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">mental health support services</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">stock options</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">learning budget</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">home office budget &amp; IT equipment</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><span style="font-size: 12pt;">budget for local in-person social events or co-working spaces</span></li>
</ul>
</div>
<h2><strong>How you’ll plan your day (and life)</strong></h2>
<p><span style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">We work async at Remote which means you can plan your schedule around your life (and not around meetings). Read more at <a href="https://remote.com/async" target="\_blank">remote.com/async</a>.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">You will be empowered to take ownership and be proactive. When in doubt you will default to action instead of waiting. Your <strong>life-work balance</strong> is important and you will be encouraged to put yourself and your family first, and fit work around your needs.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">If that sounds like something you want, apply now!</span></p>
<h2><strong>How to apply</strong></h2>
<ol>
<li style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;"><span style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">Please fill out the form below and upload your CV with a PDF format.</span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;"><span style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;"><strong data-stringify-type="bold">We kindly ask you to submit your application and CV in English, as this is the standardised language we use here at Remote.</strong></span></li>
<li style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif; text-align: left;"><span style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">If you don’t have an up to date CV but you are still interested in talking to us, please feel free to add a copy of your LinkedIn profile instead.</span></li>
</ol>
<p><span style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">Not only do we encourage folks from all ethnic groups, genders, sexuality, age, abilities, disability status and any other under-represented group to apply, but we prioritize a sense of belonging. We have 4 ERGs (Women, Disability, Queer, Minorities in Tech) who meet regularly with the People team. During your interviews and beyond, we ask &amp; encourage anybody who needs an accommodation to request one from their recruiter.<br></span></p>
<p><span style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">We will ask you to voluntarily tell us your pronouns at interview stage, and you will have the option to answer our anonymous demographic questionnaire when you apply below. As an equal employment opportunity employer it’s important to us that our workforce reflects people of all backgrounds, identities, and experiences and this data will help us to stay accountable. We thank you for providing this data, if you chose to.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;">At Remote, we embrace AI as a valuable tool while prioritizing human creativity and authenticity.&nbsp;We look forward to meeting candidates who balance innovation with genuine expertise and experience.&nbsp;To learn more about Remote's AI guidelines check see&nbsp;<a href="https://www.notion.so/remotecom/Guidelines-on-using-AI-when-applying-for-a-job-at-Remote-11ccb4dadab4805f80a7c73b6567bd8f" target="\_blank" data-saferedirecturl="https://www.google.com/url?q=https://www.notion.so/remotecom/Guidelines-on-using-AI-when-applying-for-a-job-at-Remote-11ccb4dadab4805f80a7c73b6567bd8f&amp;source=gmail&amp;ust=1733927526443000&amp;usg=AOvVaw2sIVooKuyGfRra1PtGXreV">here</a>.&nbsp;</span><br><br><span style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif;"><em>Please note we accept applications on an ongoing basis.&nbsp;</em></span></p></div>