<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are Datadog's in-house product experts. The Technical Solutions team enables Datadog's worldwide growth by educating potential clients and ensuring that existing customers are happy and successful. We share our technical and product expertise with customers via multi-channel technical support, demos, and presentations. You’ll be joining a team&nbsp;</span><span style="font-weight: 400;">and company where you will be challenged, but also will immediately witness your contributions to Datadog.</span></p>
<p><em><span style="font-weight: 400;">At Datadog, we place value in our office culture - the relationships and collaboration it builds and the creativity it brings to the table. We operate as a hybrid workplace to ensure our Datadogs can create a work-life harmony that best fits them.</span></em></p>
<p><strong>What You’ll Do:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Engage with customers via multiple channels (ticketing system, live chat, and screensharing tools) to identify and resolve technical support requests while continuing to educate our clients on the use of the platform</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Reproduce technical issues and dive into Datadog’s 1000+ integrations</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Become demo certified and lead a three-pillar demo to customers&nbsp;</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Participate in product conversations with internal teams based on feedback from client interactions</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Train as a highly knowledgeable specialist in one or more Datadog product area(s)</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Work from a Datadog office 3 - 5 days per week&nbsp;</span></li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Who You Are:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Experienced in multi-channel technical support at a SaaS company (2+ years of related experience)</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Experienced using Zendesk, Jira, Confluence, or similar software</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">An engineer with previous technical troubleshooting and/or programming experience</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Self-motivated, detail-attentive, and have a desire for continuous learning&nbsp;</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">A critical thinker who defaults to a client-centric approach</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">An effective written and verbal communicator</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">A tinkerer with some programming experience and a basic knowledge of Linux</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Able to work a rotating schedule that requires weekend availability</span></li>
<li>Fluency in Japanese (both spoken and written) at a business or native level is required for this role.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><em><span style="font-weight: 400;">Datadog values people from all walks of life. We understand not everyone will meet all the above qualifications on day one. That's okay. If you’re passionate about technology and want to grow your skills, we encourage you to apply.</span></em></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Benefits and Growth:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Best-in-breed onboarding</li>
<li>Generous global benefits</li>
<li>Intra-departmental mentor and buddy program for in-house networking</li>
<li>New hire stock equity (RSUs) and employee stock purchase plan (ESPP)</li>
<li>Continuous professional development, product training, and career pathing</li>
<li>An inclusive company culture, able to join our Community Guilds and Inclusion Talks</li>
</ul>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;"><br></span><em><span style="font-weight: 400;">Benefits and Growth listed above may vary based on the country of your employment and the nature of your employment with Datadog.</span></em></p><div class="content-conclusion"><hr>
<p><strong>About Datadog:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>Datadog (NASDAQ: DDOG) is a global SaaS business, delivering a rare combination of growth and profitability. We are on a mission to break down silos and solve complexity in the cloud age by enabling digital transformation, cloud migration, and infrastructure monitoring of our customers’ entire technology stacks. Built by engineers, for engineers, Datadog is used by organizations of all sizes across a wide range of industries. Together, we champion professional development, diversity of thought, innovation, and work excellence to empower continuous growth. Join the pack and become part of a collaborative, pragmatic, and thoughtful people-first community where we solve tough problems, take smart risks, and celebrate one another. Learn more about #DatadogLife on <a href="https://www.instagram.com/datadoghq/?hl=en" target="\_blank">Instagram</a>, <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/company/datadog" target="\_blank">LinkedIn,</a> and <a href="https://learn.datadoghq.com/" target="\_blank">Datadog Learning Center. </a></p>
<hr>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="215"><strong data-renderer-mark="true">Equal Opportunity at Datadog:</strong></p>
<p>Datadog is proud to offer <a href="https://www.eeoc.gov/sites/default/files/2023-06/22-088\_EEOC\_KnowYourRights6.12ScreenRdr.pdf" target="\_blank">equal employment opportunity</a> to everyone regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity, veteran status, and other characteristics protected by law. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. Here are our <a href="https://www.datadoghq.com/legal/candidate-legal-notices/" target="\_blank">Candidate Legal Notices</a> for your reference.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Datadog endeavors to make our Careers Page accessible to all users. If you would like to contact us regarding the accessibility of our website or need assistance completing the application process, please complete <a href="https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSeoJeduEZ2NdZF\_65uZmWUrCM-zee7yADXX1s6Xr9zAGq8iKA/viewform" target="\_blank">this form</a>. This form is for accommodation requests only and cannot be used to inquire about the status of applications.&nbsp;</p>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="662"><strong data-renderer-mark="true">Privacy and AI Guidelines:</strong></p>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="662">Any information you submit to Datadog as part of your application will be processed in accordance with Datadog’s&nbsp;<a class="c-link" href="https://www.datadoghq.com/legal/applicant-candidate-privacy/" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://www.datadoghq.com/legal/applicant-candidate-privacy/" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">Applicant and Candidate Privacy Notice</a>. For information on our AI policy, please visit <a href="https://www.datadoghq.com/legal/interviewing-at-datadog-ai-guidelines/" target="\_blank">Interviewing at Datadog AI Guidelines</a>.</p></div>