<div class="content-intro"><p>LogicGate® is the leading AI GRC platform for the Enterprise, helping governance, risk, and compliance teams limit surprises, strengthen resilience, augment program performance, and confidently quantify impact and business value. Built to provide a centralized view of risk and compliance, with AI intelligence woven into the platform's core, LogicGate delivers real-time insights and actionable data to help drive current business decisions, with the flexibility to scale alongside evolving business needs. Recognized as a Leader in the GRC Market, LogicGate continues to further solidify its position as a best-in-class platform.</p>
<p>At LogicGate, our people are the foundation of everything we do. We are committed to delivering an exceptional experience for our employees and our customers by empowering and enabling our people to take ownership, make an impact, and deliver their best work.</p></div><p><strong>Senior Software Engineer: Platform</strong></p>
<p><strong>About the role&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>We are seeking someone to lead, architect, and develop features for our Risk Cloud platform. This role requires a deep understanding of business and engineering goals, and the ability to work collaboratively with team members to achieve them.</p>
<p>The ideal candidate will inspire and exemplify cross-functional collaboration, working closely with product managers, designers, engineers, and QA professionals. They will advocate for and implement modern best practices in engineering, including a testing-first mindset, frequent releases, and iterative development with small feedback loops. They will balance hands-on development with architectural leadership to ensure scalable, maintainable solutions while fostering cross-functional collaboration. Additionally, strong communication skills and the ability to produce clear documentation for features and processes are essential for this position.</p>
<p><strong>How you'll spend your time:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><strong>Develop</strong> / Utilize Spring Boot, Java, and other leading Back-End tools to build a market leading product.</li>
<li><strong>Quality</strong> / Write tests and review code to facilitate an efficient dev cycle and prevent the occurrence of bugs.</li>
<li><strong>Collaborate</strong> / Work closely with cross-functional team members using Agile methodologies to iterate on feature work.</li>
<li><strong>Optimize</strong> / Help improve our front-end application for speed, reliability, and scalability.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>What we use:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Front-end: TypeScript, Angular, Webpack, Sass</li>
<li>Back-end: Spring Boot, Java, Kotlin, Go</li>
<li>Data: Neo4j, Redis, RabbitMQ, PostgreSQL</li>
<li>Test: JUnit, Karma, Jasmine, Spectator, Cypress</li>
<li>Infrastructure: AWS, Terraform, Kubernetes, Docker, Ansible</li>
<li>Work: GitLab, Slack, Jira, Confluence, G Suite</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>What you’ll bring:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Significant (6+ years) professional experience in software engineering or a Bachelor's in Computer Science or a related field (we value outcomes over a number of years).</li>
<li>Desire to grow as a leader, architect, and coder within an engineering atmosphere that moves quickly and strives to raise the bar.</li>
<li>Understanding of best practices and competency in one or more modern languages (it doesn't have to be a language that is part of our stack).</li>
<li>Strong expertise developing web applications with modern Back-End frameworks.</li>
<li>Desire for an autonomous environment that enables you to do your best work.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>How you’ll Raise the Bar:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>The tools, languages, and frameworks powering our platform align with your work history.</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li>While a Back-End expert, you thrive working across the full software stack.</li>
<li>You’ve worked to bolster or optimize a CI/CD system.</li>
<li>You have familiarity with infrastructure-as-code tools and its best practices.</li>
</ul>
<p>The anticipated base salary range for the role is $125,000 - $165,000 per year + variable + equity + benefits. Actual salaries may vary and will be based on factors, such as the candidate's qualifications, skills, competencies, and proficiency for the role. Internal candidates who have current pay within or above the hiring range are still encouraged to apply if interested.</p>
<p><strong>LogicGate’s Hybrid Workplace</strong></p>
<p>Our hybrid workplace allows for flexibility aligned to role responsibilities and exceptional customer delivery. Location requirements for this role can be found above.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Total Rewards&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>We are proud to offer a variety of competitive, inclusive, and comprehensive total rewards that are designed to support the unique needs of our employees both inside and outside of the workplace.</p>
<p>In addition to offering competitive salary and variable compensation plans, equity options, and flexible health and wellness benefits, we are proud to offer generous PTO, Annual Company Holidays, Health Days, and Summer Fridays.</p>
<p>Employees' growth and development are supported throughout their career journey through informal and formal programs and activities, including access to LinkedIn Learning, regular People Leader training, and our internal Mentorship Program.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Our Culture</strong></p>
<p>At LogicGate, our culture and employee experience are grounded in our core values of Be as One, Do the Right Thing, Embrace Curiosity, Own It, Empower Customers, and Raise the Bar, which guide how we show up - for each other, our customers, and all we interact with.</p>
<p>We believe that the strongest teams are made up of individuals who bring their different identities, experiences, and perspectives to the table. We are committed to fostering an inclusive work environment where all employees’ differences are celebrated and everyone is encouraged to bring their authentic selves to work.</p>
<p>We encourage everyone to join one of our Employee Resource Groups (AAPI @ LogicGate, Pride at LogicGate, and Women in LogicGate) to participate in and contribute to conversations that foster an inclusive culture.</p>
<p>LogicGate also believes strongly in giving back to the communities in which we live and work. To enable our teams to give back, we offer paid volunteer hours and company-wide charitable activities supporting a variety of organizations and causes.</p>
<p>We are proud to have been recognized as a top workplace by Built In, Crain’s Chicago Business, the Chicago Tribune, and more. Visit <a href="https://www.logicgate.com/about-us/news-at-logicgate/#filter=">our website</a> to learn about our latest recognition.</p>
<p>Learn more about our culture <a href="https://builtin.com/company/logicgate/office-culture">here</a>.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Excited about LogicGate but not familiar with GRC?&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>GRC stands for Governance, Risk, and Compliance</li>
<li>GRC professionals help their companies manage uncertainty, act with integrity, and stay on the right side of the law.&nbsp;</li>
<li>The GRC market is rapidly expanding with continuous growth opportunities. The current market size was valued at $50.5 billion in 2024 and is projected to reach $104.5 billion by 2031.</li>
</ul>