<div class="content-intro"><h4><strong>Join Axon and be a Force for Good.</strong></h4>
<p>At Axon, we’re on a mission to Protect Life. We’re explorers, pursuing society’s most critical safety and justice issues with our ecosystem of devices and cloud software. Like our products, we work better together. We connect with candor and care, seeking out diverse perspectives from our customers, communities and each other.<br><br>Life at Axon is fast-paced, challenging and meaningful. Here, you’ll take ownership and drive real change. Constantly grow as you work hard for a mission that matters at a company where you matter.</p></div><h2>Your Impact</h2>
<p>Officers can spend up to a third of their shift staring at a computer screen, populating boxes and filling out forms. While essential, there is a direct trade-off – when an officer is tied up on a computer, they aren't actively patrolling or engaging with their communities.<br><br>Axon Records is our state-of-the-art records management system. Axon Records re-imagines the way officers write reports in the field to how detectives help prosecute crime. Police reports come to life with video at the heart of the record to tell the full story. By leveraging AI and Machine Learning towards data, we can support new strategies for how officers get paperwork done accurately while increasing their safety and ability to serve their community more effectively.<br><br>We believe that happy teams take good care of their customers, so we foster a friendly, open, introspective team culture that encourages everyone to speak their mind and deliberately avoids red tape, unnecessary rituals, politics, and jerks.<span class="Apple-converted-space">&nbsp;</span><br><br>We believe we can only succeed if we deeply understand our customers and get to know them personally. We spend a lot of time with law enforcement officers to learn about their needs, watch their experience and see the real impact of our work. Your first ride-along with a patrol officer will forever change your perception of what the job is, and what the city is like.</p>
<h2>What You’ll Do</h2>
<p><strong>Location:<span class="Apple-converted-space">&nbsp;</span></strong>This role is based out of our Ho Chi Minh City Office and follows a hybrid schedule. We rely on in-person collaboration and ask that team members work onsite Tuesdays through Fridays, with the flexibility to work remotely on Mondays, unless there is an approved workplace accommodation. We believe that connection fuels innovation, and our in-office culture is designed to foster meaningful teamwork, mentorship, and shared success.<br><strong>Reports to:<span class="Apple-converted-space">&nbsp;</span></strong>Design Manager<br><strong>Direct Reports:<span class="Apple-converted-space">&nbsp;</span></strong>none<br><br></p>
<ul>
<li><strong>Own Key Product Areas</strong>: Take ownership of specific Standards features. Design and deliver user-centric solutions that align with product goals and enhance the overall user experience.</li>
<li><strong>Contribute to Product Strategy</strong>: Work closely with Product Management to influence product direction and prioritize investments.</li>
<li><strong>Execute End-to-End Design Process</strong>: Lead the design process for these product areas—from research and discovery through prototyping, testing, and final implementation—ensuring high-quality outcomes.</li>
<li><strong>Conduct User Research</strong>: Collaborate with Product Managers to plan and execute user research to uncover insights and inform design decisions. Leverage user research and data to inform design decisions and iterate on solutions based on feedback.</li>
<li><strong>Leverage AI Thoughtfully:</strong><span class="Apple-converted-space">&nbsp;</span>Design experiences that responsibly integrate AI by clearly communicating when and how AI is being used, ensuring transparency, trust, and usability.</li>
<li><strong>Collaborate Across Teams</strong>: Work with US-based and local PMs, engineers, and designers, navigating time zone differences with flexibility and clear communication.</li>
<li><strong>Design for Multi-Modal Experiences</strong>: Focus on creating seamless, user-friendly solutions across mobile and desktop platforms that address diverse user needs.</li>
<li><strong>Simplify Complexity</strong>: Turn complex workflows into intuitive, scalable designs that are easy to understand and use.</li>
<li><strong>Communicate Effectively</strong>: Present design concepts and product ideas clearly to stakeholders to build alignment and support.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<h2>What You Bring</h2>
<ul>
<li><strong>Experience in Product Design</strong>: 5+ years of product design experience, including at least 2 years leading major design initiatives.</li>
<li><strong>Enterprise Design Expertise</strong>: 3+ years of experience researching, designing, and shipping enterprise software or complex consumer workflows (beyond simple consumer applications).</li>
<li><strong>User-Centered Design Mastery</strong>: Proven ability to apply user-centered design processes and methodologies to product definition, design, and development. Hands-on experience across all stages of the design process, including research, sketches, wireframes, high-fidelity mockups, prototyping, and usability testing.</li>
<li><strong>Collaborative Spirit</strong>: A passion for early product definition as well as collaborating with cross-functional teams, including Product Management and Engineering, to bring designs to life.</li>
<li><strong>Prototyping and Conceptual Skills</strong>: Strong conceptual abilities with a proven track record of rapidly prototyping and iterating on designs to communicate ideas effectively.</li>
<li><strong>Communication Excellence</strong>: Exceptional written and verbal communication skills, with the ability to explain design decisions clearly to diverse audiences.</li>
<li><strong>Tool Proficiency</strong>: Highly skilled in the latest design tools and adaptable to new ones. Familiarity with Figma is preferred, as well as enthusiasm for exploring emerging design technologies.</li>
<li><strong>Versatile Team Player</strong>: Capable of working independently and thriving in a collaborative team environment. Comfortable leading initiatives or supporting others, depending on the context.</li>
<li><strong>Curiosity and Adventure</strong>: A boundless curiosity and eagerness to explore new challenges and opportunities in design.</li>
<li><strong>Portfolio of Excellence</strong>: A portfolio showcasing your work, available for review.</li>
<li><strong>Education</strong>: Bachelor’s degree in Interaction Design, Graphic Design, Industrial Design, HCI, or a related field.<span class="Apple-converted-space">&nbsp;</span></li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<h2><strong>Benefits that Benefit You</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Medical, Dental and Vision Insurance<span class="Apple-converted-space">&nbsp;</span></li>
<li>Robust Paid Time Off policy<span class="Apple-converted-space">&nbsp;</span></li>
<li>Bonuses<span class="Apple-converted-space">&nbsp;</span></li>
<li>Lunch allowance<span class="Apple-converted-space">&nbsp;</span></li>
<li>Cell phone stipend<span class="Apple-converted-space">&nbsp;</span></li>
<li>Free LinkedIn Learning account or Udemy account</li>
<li>Access to 24/7 online emotional and mental support<span class="Apple-converted-space">&nbsp;</span></li>
<li>Gym membership<span class="Apple-converted-space">&nbsp;</span></li>
<li>Free parking<span class="Apple-converted-space">&nbsp;</span></li>
<li>Stocked fridges and pantries - free coffee, cold beverages, snacks<span class="Apple-converted-space">&nbsp;</span></li>
<li>Annual Company Outing Trip<span class="Apple-converted-space">&nbsp;</span></li>
<li>Monthly team social activities</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><p>Don’t meet every single requirement? That's ok. At Axon, we Aim Far. We think big with a long-term view because we want to reinvent the world to be a safer, better place. We are also committed to building diverse teams that reflect the communities we serve.</p>
<p>Studies have shown that women and people of color are less likely to apply to jobs unless they check every box in the job description. If you’re excited about this role and our mission to Protect Life but your experience doesn’t align perfectly with every qualification listed here, we encourage you to apply anyways. You may be just the right candidate for this or other roles.</p>
<p><strong>Important Notes</strong></p>
<p><em>The above job description is not intended as, nor should it be construed as, exhaustive of all duties, responsibilities, skills, efforts, or working conditions associated with this job. The job description may change or be supplemented at any time in accordance with business needs and conditions.</em></p>
<p><em>Some roles may also require legal eligibility to work in a firearms environment.</em></p>
<p><em>We collect personal information from applicants to evaluate candidates for employment. You may request access, deletion, or exercise other CCPA rights at&nbsp;<strong data-stringify-type="bold"><a class="c-link c-link--underline" href="mailto:axongreenhousesupport@axon.com" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="mailto:axongreenhousesupport@axon.com" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">axongreenhousesupport@axon.com</a></strong>&nbsp;or via our&nbsp;<a class="c-link c-link--underline" href="https://privacyportal.onetrust.com/webform/0efc1702-9321-4119-bc9d-a06c3a1d3e4e/ca57cc26-a159-4193-9f6e-58ffe3fd2509" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://privacyportal.onetrust.com/webform/0efc1702-9321-4119-bc9d-a06c3a1d3e4e/ca57cc26-a159-4193-9f6e-58ffe3fd2509" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">Axon Privacy Web Form</a>. For more information, please see the Your California Privacy Rights section of our&nbsp;<a class="c-link c-link--underline" href="https://www.axon.com/candidateprivacypolicy" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://www.axon.com/candidateprivacypolicy" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">Applicant and Candidate Privacy Notice.</a></em></p>
<p><em>Axon’s mission is to Protect Life and is committed to the well-being and safety of its employees as well as Axon’s impact on the environment. All Axon employees must be aware of and committed to the appropriate environmental, health, and safety regulations, policies, and procedures. Axon employees are empowered to report safety concerns as they arise and activities potentially impacting the environment.</em></p>
<p><em>We are an equal opportunity employer that promotes justice, advances equity, values diversity and fosters inclusion. We’re committed to hiring the best talent — regardless of race, creed, color, ancestry, religion, sex (including pregnancy), national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship status, marital status, disability, gender identity, genetic information, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances — and empowering all of our employees so they can do their best work. If you have a disability or special need that requires assistance or accommodation during the application or the recruiting process, please email <a href="mailto:recruitingops@axon.com">recruitingops@axon.com. </a>&nbsp;Please note that this email address is for accommodation purposes only. Axon will not respond to inquiries for other purposes.</em></p>
<p>Phishing alert:&nbsp; Axon will never ask you to pay for any part of the hiring process, including training, equipment, or background checks. We do not make job offers via text message, WhatsApp, or instant messaging platforms without a formal interview process.&nbsp; All legitimate job openings are listed on our official careers page at <a href="https://www.axon.com/careers">https://www.axon.com/careers</a>. &nbsp;If you receive a suspicious offer or outreach from an email address that is not <strong>@axon.com</strong>, or if you are asked for sensitive personal information (bank details, Social Security Number) prematurely, please ignore the message and report it to <a href="mailto:recruitingops@axon.com">recruitingops@axon.com</a>.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p></div>