<p><strong>THE POSITION<br></strong>Our roster has an opening with your name on it</p>
<p>As an Analytics Engineer for our Sports Modeling &amp; Innovation team, you will be responsible for designing, building, maintaining, and improving the data models, datasets and data visualizations which are and will be used by data scientists to power business performance impacting decisions. You will bridge the gap from our data and the Data Engineering team to the data scientists, analysts and other business stakeholders, aiming to leverage that data for insights and business decisions.</p>
<p>This is a great opportunity for somebody who wants to work in an environment where curiosity is rewarded, and people are empowered to make decisions. The ideal candidate will have a passion for learning and a desire to optimize how we leverage our data.</p>
<p>In addition to the specific responsibilities outlined above, employees may be required to perform other such duties as assigned by the Company. This ensures operational flexibility and allows the Company to meet evolving business needs.<br><br></p>
<p><strong>THE GAME PLAN</strong><br>Everyone on our team has a part to play</p>
<ul>
<li>Developing pipelines to ensure fast (sometimes real time) ingestion of data into properly thought-out databases (SQL, Delta Lakes, etc.)</li>
<li>Maintaining validation pipelines that flag bad or missing data and iterating on these pipelines when new databases are created</li>
<li>Manage existing data transformation jobs for the Sports Modeling and Innovation team, help optimize code across our code bases, and troubleshoot any issues</li>
<li>Database management – automate data cleaning projects on large data sets</li>
<li>Make decisions between memory and speed tradeoffs to best optimize team’s project needs -&nbsp; help reduce query execution times where possible and remove unnecessary/unused metrics</li>
<li>Create and own a backlog of prioritized Tableau dashboard / Rshiny app additions</li>
<li>Curiosity about AI and emerging technologies is a plus</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>THE STATS</strong><br>What we're looking for in our next teammate</p>
<ul>
<li>3+ years of experience working in an analytics/data engineering role</li>
<li>2+ years working on maintaining databases with a focus on improving data ingestion pipelines</li>
<li>Deep understanding of relational databases</li>
<li>Proficient in SQL, Databricks, R/Python, Tableau, AWS s3 buckets, command line</li>
<li>Experience building data pipelines using Python/R and Databricks is a huge advantage</li>
<li>Bachelor's Degree, preferably in a highly numerate major (Math, Stats, Econ, etc.) or relevant experience in data analysis role</li>
<li>Strong personal organizational and time management skills</li>
<li>Ability to work in a fast-paced environment</li>
<li>Strong problem-solving skills</li>
<li>Experience working in groups on collaborative projects</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p style="text-align: center;"><strong>ABOUT FANDUEL</strong></p>
<p>FanDuel Group is the premier mobile gaming company in the United States and Canada. FanDuel Group consists of a portfolio of leading brands across mobile wagering including: America’s #1 Sportsbook, FanDuel Sportsbook; its leading iGaming platform, FanDuel Casino; the industry’s unquestioned leader in horse racing and advance-deposit wagering, FanDuel Racing; and its daily fantasy sports product. &nbsp;</p>
<p>In addition, FanDuel Group operates FanDuel TV, its broadly distributed linear cable television network and FanDuel TV+, its leading direct-to-consumer OTT platform. FanDuel Group has a presence across all 50 states, Canada, and Puerto Rico.</p>
<p>The company is based in New York with US offices in Los Angeles, Atlanta, and Jersey City, as well as global offices in Canada and Scotland. The company’s affiliates have offices worldwide, including in Ireland, Portugal, Romania, and Australia.</p>
<p>FanDuel Group is a subsidiary of Flutter Entertainment, the world's largest sports betting and gaming operator with a portfolio of globally recognized brands and traded on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE: FLUT).<br><br></p>
<p><strong>PLAYER BENEFITS</strong><br>We treat our team right</p>
<p>We offer amazing benefits above and beyond the basics. We have an array of health plans to choose from (some as low as $0 per paycheck) that include programs for fertility and family planning, mental health support, and fitness benefits. We offer generous paid time off (PTO &amp; sick leave), annual bonus and long-term incentive opportunities (based on performance), 401k with up to a 5% match, commuter benefits , pet insurance, and more - check out all our benefits here:&nbsp;<a href="https://fanduelbenefits.com/"><strong>FanDuel Total Rewards</strong></a>. \*Benefits differ across location, role, and level.</p>
<p style="text-align: center;">FanDuel is an equal opportunities employer and we believe, as one of our principles states, “We are One Team!”. As such, we are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ethnicity, ancestry, religion, creed, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship status, marital status, disability, gender identity, gender expression, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by state, local or federal law. We believe FanDuel is strongest and best able to compete if all employees feel valued, respected, and included.<br><br></p>
<p style="text-align: center;"><strong><em>The applicable salary range for this position is $116,000 - $152,250 USD, which is dependent on a variety of factors including relevant experience, location, business needs and market demand. This role may offer the following benefits: medical, vision, and dental insurance; life insurance; disability insurance; a 401(k) matching program; among other employee benefits. This role may also be eligible for short-term or long-term incentive compensation, including, but not limited to, cash bonuses and stock program participation. This role includes paid personal time off and 14 paid company holidays. FanDuel offers paid sick time in accordance with all applicable state and federal laws.</em></strong></p>
<p style="text-align: center;"><strong><em>FanDuel is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities. If you have a disability and need a workplace accommodation or adjustment during the application and hiring process, including support for the interview or onboarding process, please email<span class="Apple-converted-space">&nbsp;</span><a class="ms-outlook-linkify" href="mailto:Benefits@fanduel.com">Benefits@fanduel.com</a>.</em></strong></p>
<p style="text-align: center;"><strong><em>It is unlawful in Massachusetts to require or administer a lie detector test as a condition of employment or continued employment. An employer who violates this law shall be subject to criminal penalties and civil liability.</em></strong></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>#LI-Hybrid</p>