Think it, build it, ship it, tweak it" is at the core of Spotify's product development approach. In the Experimentation product area we are providing Spotify and external customers with Confidence, our platform to quickly and safely iterate through ideas, learn from them and make informed decisions for better products.

At Spotify, experimentation touches almost all of our functions from marketing via content management to consumer products, and we’re running several thousands of tests every year. Through confidence, we 're sharing all our findings and practices with more companies as a commercial SaaS product.

The team you will manage is a skilled and highly engaged group of engineers that are distributed over Europe. As an Engineering manager, you coach them individually and as a team, maintaining their strong team culture and helping them thrive and and grow. Your technical experience provides mentorship and guidelines to the team, which ensures quality and timeliness of your deliveries. Your leadership promotes creativity, collaboration and courage, which forms a kind and productive team with a high bar for quality and pace of delivery.

## What You'll Do

- You will hire, coach and develop the careers of a team of engineers
- You will be responsible for high-quality deliveries
- You will partner with product managers to support with prioritizations and product visions
- You will support the engineering team and work with Staff engineers to formulate the technical strategy needed to deliver on our vision
- You will do hands on engineering work from time to time
- In the end, your primary goal is to support a highly effective engineering team delivering an amazing product

## Who You Are

- You thrive when developing great people, not just great products and cultivating a strong engineering culture in an agile environment
- You are skilled in collaborating on and developing distributed systems that can scale to millions of users.
- You have experience with data warehouses and data processing at scale
- You have worked on commercial SaaS products in the past and have hands on experience taking features from zero to one
- You are a brave learner and see unfamiliar territories as an opportunity to grow.
- You are a senior individual contributor (or has been) with strong people skills and leadership experience
- You’re passionate about software engineering best practices and love to have an impact on large-scale tech problems
- You care deeply about quality of the products your working and, and hold people to a high standard
- Naturally, you harness AI as a tool that helps you be more effective at your work

## Where You'll Be

- Based in Stockholm, Sweden
- We offer you the flexibility to work where you work best! There will be some in person meetings, but still allows for flexibility to work from home. We ask that you come in 3 times per week.