<div class="content-intro"><p>Intercom is the AI Customer Service company on a mission to help businesses provide incredible customer experiences.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Our AI agent Fin, the most advanced customer service AI agent on the market, lets businesses deliver always-on, impeccable customer service and ultimately transform their customer experiences for the better. Fin can also be combined with our Helpdesk to become a complete solution called the Intercom Customer Service Suite, which provides AI enhanced support for the more complex or high touch queries that require a human agent.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Founded in 2011 and trusted by nearly 30,000 global businesses, Intercom is setting the new standard for customer service. Driven by our core values, we push boundaries, build with speed and intensity, and consistently deliver incredible value to our customers.</p></div><h2>What's the opportunity?&nbsp;</h2>
<p>The volume and velocity of data at Intercom are exploding, fueled by our growth and our drive to integrate more sophisticated, AI-assisted data solutions.&nbsp;</p>
<p>The Data Engineering team is the critical engine powering Intercom's future. We are responsible for building and maintaining the distributed foundations that transform raw information into actionable intelligence, empowering all Intercom teams, from Product to Research. We are looking for a seasoned Senior Data Engineering Manager to take ownership of key data initiatives and drive these efforts forward.</p>
<h2>What will I be doing?&nbsp;</h2>
<p>This role is about impact and ownership. You will lead a team at the forefront of designing and evolving the core infrastructure that powers our entire data ecosystem.</p>
<ul>
<li><strong>Next-Gen Platform Evolution: </strong>Partner with product and business teams and lead the architectural design and implementation of the next generation of our data stack, ensuring it can meet the demands of advanced analytics and AI applications.</li>
<li><strong>Enablement Through Tooling: </strong>Partner closely with Analytics Engineers, Analysts, and Data Scientists to build the self-service tooling and infrastructure they need to move fast and deploy safely.</li>
<li><strong>Data Quality Guardianship: </strong>Implement advanced monitoring systems to proactively detect, surface, and resolve data quality issues across our high-throughput environment (where dozens of changes can ship daily).</li>
<li><strong>Driving Automation</strong>: Develop automation and tooling that streamlines the creation and discovery of high-quality analytics data, making the entire data lifecycle more efficient.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>The Strategic Impact You'll Drive</strong></p>
<p>To put things in context, here are examples of the strategic, company-shaping initiatives you will be expected to own and drive as a Senior Data Engineering Manager:</p>
<ul>
<li><strong>GTM Data Platform Strategy: </strong>Build the data acquisition strategy that will enable us to build the next generation of business focused internal software.&nbsp;</li>
<li><strong>Conversational BI Strategy</strong>: Lead the charge to shift away from complex, technical reporting toward natural language interaction to make data truly democratized and accessible, users should be able to query information—getting both raw numbers and contextual narratives instantly—without needing a data science degree or waiting on analysts.&nbsp;</li>
<li><strong>Platform &amp; Warehousing Strategy: </strong>Lead the architectural- and cost review and revamp of our core data infrastructure and to ensure it can scale exponentially for future growth and advanced use cases.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Recent Wins You'll Build Upon:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>AI-assisted Local Analytics Development Environment for Airflow and DBT.</li>
<li>Data-rich AI apps containerized on Snowflake SPCS.</li>
<li>A new, modern data catalog solution</li>
<li>Migrating critical MySQL ingestion pipelines from Aurora to PlanetScale.</li>
</ul>
<h2>Who you are:</h2>
<p>You are a leader, a builder, and a problem-solver who thrives on solving real world business problems.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>The Essentials:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><strong>7+ Years Experience: </strong>You have a proven, full-time career history in the data space, leading teams of 6+ Engineers.&nbsp;</li>
<li><strong>Stakeholder Focus:</strong> You can communicate complex technical solutions to a business focused audience and vice versa. You are comfortable interacting with stakeholders across the entire breadth of the business.</li>
<li><strong>Technical Depth: </strong>Your team will be responsible for the majority of execution, but you’re not afraid to get your hands dirty and write code when it’s needed. You lead from the front.</li>
<li><strong>A Leader &amp; Mentor: </strong>You naturally recognize opportunities to step back and mentor others, understanding when your guidance will multiply the team's output.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Bonus Points (Our Modern Stack Knowledge):</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><strong>Airflow at Scale: </strong>Extensive experience working with Apache Airflow, especially the nuances of operating it reliably in a high-volume environment.</li>
<li><strong>Modern Data Stack Fluency:</strong> Familiarity with tools like Snowflake and DBT.</li>
<li><strong>Future-Focused:&nbsp;</strong>You keep a keen eye on industry trends and emerging technologies, always thinking about what's next.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Next Steps</strong></p>
<p>If you are passionate about designing resilient analytics infrastructure that scales with a high-growth, global product, we encourage you to apply!</p>
<h2>Benefits&nbsp;</h2>
<p>We are a well treated bunch, with awesome benefits! If there’s something important to you that’s not on this list, talk to us!&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>Competitive salary and equity in a fast-growing start-up</li>
<li>We serve lunch every weekday, plus a variety of snack foods and a fully stocked kitchen</li>
<li>Regular compensation reviews - we reward great work!</li>
<li>Pension scheme &amp; match up to 4%</li>
<li>Peace of mind with life assurance, as well as comprehensive health and dental insurance for you and your dependents</li>
<li>Open vacation policy and flexible holidays so you can take time off when you need it</li>
<li>Paid maternity leave, as well as 6 weeks paternity leave for fathers, to let you spend valuable time with your loved ones</li>
<li>If you’re cycling, we’ve got you covered on the Cycle-to-Work Scheme. With secure bike storage too&nbsp;</li>
<li>MacBooks are our standard, but we also offer Windows for certain roles when needed.&nbsp;<br><br></li>
</ul>
<p>#LI-Hybrid</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>Policies&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>Intercom has a hybrid working policy. We believe that working in person helps us stay connected, collaborate easier and create a great culture while still providing flexibility to work from home. We expect employees to be in the office at least three days per week.</p>
<p>We have a radically open and accepting culture at Intercom. We avoid spending time on divisive subjects to foster a safe and cohesive work environment for everyone. As an organization, our policy is to not advocate on behalf of the company or our employees on any social or political topics out of our internal or external communications. We respect personal opinion and expression on these topics on personal social platforms on personal time, and do not challenge or confront anyone for their views on non-work related topics. Our goal is to focus on doing incredible work to achieve our goals and unite the company through our <a href="https://www.intercom.com/careers">core values</a>.&nbsp;&nbsp;</p>
<p>Intercom values diversity and is committed to a policy of Equal Employment Opportunity. Intercom will not discriminate against an applicant or employee on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, national origin, ancestry, sex, gender, age, physical or mental disability, veteran or military status, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, marital status, or any other legally recognized protected basis under federal, state, or local law.</p></div>