<div class="content-intro"><p><strong>Secure Every Identity, from AI to Human<br><br></strong>Identity is the key to unlocking the potential of AI. Okta secures AI by building the trusted, neutral infrastructure that enables organizations to safely embrace this new era. This work requires a relentless drive to solve complex challenges with real-world stakes. We are looking for builders and owners who operate with speed and urgency and execute with excellence.<br><br>This is an opportunity to do career-defining work. We're all in on this mission. If you are too, let's talk.</p></div><p><strong>The Auth0 Sales Team</strong></p>
<p>Auth0 supports Okta’s vision of freeing anyone to safely use any technology by providing a secure, highly available, enterprise-grade platform that secures billions of log-ins every year for Consumer and SaaS applications. As an Enterprise Account Executive, Auth0, you will drive territory growth through both net new logos and cultivating relationships to develop and grow existing Auth0 customers. With the support of your Okta ecosystem, your focus will be on consistent results and an unwavering commitment to our customers.</p>
<p>The successful candidate is a highly motivated, self-driven, and senior sales executive who is passionate about winning key new logos, about engineering and product technology and about driving protection against the biggest identity threats.&nbsp;</p>
<p>As an Auth0 Account Executive, you will be working with Japan Auth0 resellers and distributors, focused on providing value to Japan's most mature Product Development teams (Engineering, Product, Security and Architecture). You will continually drive territory growth primarily through net new logos acquisition as well as through cultivating relationships to develop and grow existing Auth0 customers.</p>
<p>What you’ll be doing:&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>Build a plan to guide your long-term approach to net new logo pipeline generation&nbsp;</li>
<li>Consistently deliver revenue targets to support YoY territory growth&nbsp;</li>
<li>Identify, develop and execute account strategies to generate pipeline, drive sales opportunities and deliver repeatable and predictable bookings</li>
<li>Identify, target and gain access to appropriate leaders in prospect accounts, building and cultivating your network of decision makers&nbsp;</li>
<li>Demonstrable skills in creating compelling artifacts, documents and presentations to convey ideas</li>
<li>Highly experienced in Executive Stakeholder alignment and running Quarterly Business Reviews&nbsp;&nbsp;</li>
<li>Scope, negotiate and close agreements to meet and exceed revenue quota targets&nbsp;</li>
<li>Holistically embrace, access, and utilize partners to identify and open opportunities&nbsp;</li>
<li>Build and nurture effective working partnerships within your Okta ecosystem (xDRs, Partners, Presales, Customer First, etc) - Proven track record of partnering with key SIs and AWS.</li>
<li>Travel as necessary to build and cultivate customer and prospect relationships</li>
</ul>
<p>What you’ll bring to the role:</p>
<ul>
<li>8+ years success in growing revenue for sophisticated, complex enterprise SaaS products</li>
<li>Ability to evangelize, educate and create demand within the Product, Digital and Engineering organizations, with a strong track record of pitching and closing to Product, Engineering, and Architecture decision makers.</li>
<li>Deep technical discovery skills that resonate with the developer community (you must have a strong grasp of product development lifecycle, devops, engineering terminology, product management)</li>
<li>Strong technical acumen with proven ability to connect a technical sale to a companies’ business and transformation outcomes</li>
<li>Outstanding communication and presentation skills with audiences of all levels (both Practitioners and Executives) and all technical aptitudes, with attention to detail.</li>
<li>Prior experience working with Engineering, Product and Digital Transformation Initiatives</li>
<li>Fluent Japanese&nbsp;</li>
<li>Confident and self driven with the humility required to successfully work in teams</li>
<li>Proven record of out of the box thinking to open up new logos and win transformative opportunities.</li>
<li>Expertise using a Sales Framework such as MEDDPICC, Challenger or Sandler (we use MEDDPICC)</li>
<li>Consistently high-level energy, rigor and accuracy with forecasting and opportunity hygiene management</li>
</ul>
<p>Okta is an Equal Opportunity Employer.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>#LI-Hybrid<br>#LI-KH1<br><br>P24245\_3317653</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong><br>The Okta Experience</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><a href="http://rewards.okta.com">Supporting Your Well-Being</a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="https://www.okta.com/company/okta-for-good/">Driving Social Impact&nbsp;</a></li>
<li><a href="https://www.okta.com/company/talent-connection-community/">Developing Talent and Fostering Connection + Community</a></li>
</ul>
<p>We are intentional about connection. Our global community, spanning over 20 offices worldwide, is united by a drive to innovate. Your journey begins with an immersive, in-person onboarding experience designed to accelerate your impact and connect you to our mission and team from day one.<br><br>Okta is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, marital status, age, physical or mental disability, or status as a protected veteran. We also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and convictions records, consistent with applicable laws.<br><br>If reasonable accommodation is needed to complete any part of the job application, interview process, or onboarding please&nbsp;<a href="https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1EfiEYZrIyhA2X4Fijk0R3RKYOzNoS3wtvyM4nhbZnXE/edit">use this Form</a> to request an accommodation.<br><br>Notice for New York City Applicants &amp; Employees: Okta may use Automated Employment Decision Tools (AEDT), as defined by New York City Local Law 144, that use artificial intelligence, machine learning, or other automated processes to assist in our recruitment and hiring process. In accordance with NYC Local Law 144, if you are an applicant or employee residing in New York City, please&nbsp;<a href="https://talent.okta.com/new-york-city-aedt-notice.html">click here</a> to view our full NYC AEDT Notice.<br><br>Okta is committed to complying with applicable data privacy and security laws and regulations. For more information, please see our Personnel and Job Candidate Privacy Notice at&nbsp;<a href="https://www.okta.com/legal/personnel-policy/">https://www.okta.com/legal/personnel-policy/</a>.</p></div>