<div class="content-intro"><div>
<div>
<div class="gmail\_quote">
<div>
<div><span id="m\_1770241969069985273m\_-2746164444908759431gmail-docs-internal-guid-131e4fb0-7fff-b4e9-ff50-e8cf32449b1b">CoreWeave is The Essential Cloud for AI™. Built for pioneers by pioneers, CoreWeave delivers a platform of technology, tools, and teams that enables innovators to build and scale AI with confidence. Trusted by leading AI labs, startups, and global enterprises, CoreWeave combines superior infrastructure performance with deep technical expertise to accelerate breakthroughs and turn compute into capability. Founded in 2017, CoreWeave became a publicly traded company (Nasdaq: CRWV) in March 2025. Learn more at&nbsp;<a href="http://www.coreweave.com/" target="\_blank" data-saferedirecturl="https://www.google.com/url?q=http://www.coreweave.com&amp;source=gmail&amp;ust=1762613132717000&amp;usg=AOvVaw3D-UOhNaqEvF5BEWxjYyAU">www.coreweave.com</a>.</span></div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div></div><h3><strong>What You'll Do:</strong></h3>
<p>Weights &amp; Biases is part of CoreWeave, the essential Cloud for AI and a NYSE listed public company. We proudly serve over 1,500 customers and more than 30 foundation model builders, including OpenAI, NVIDIA, Microsoft, and Toyota. A Regional Sales Manager at Weights &amp; Biases is a sales leadership position, managing a team of account executives responsible for driving pipeline and new logo acquisition for the EMEA region.</p>
<p><strong>About the role:</strong>&nbsp;</p>
<p>You will manage a team of new business account executives across various geographies and industries, setting performance goals and providing ongoing coaching to drive success. Your day-to-day involves developing and executing a sales strategy aligned to regional objectives while identifying target accounts in line with our ideal client profiles. You will collaborate with Solution Engineering, Marketing, and Product teams to ensure a unified approach to customer outcomes and manage the sales pipeline and forecasting for executive leadership reporting. Additionally, you will build long-term relationships with key customers and stay ahead of market trends to guide your team effectively.</p>
<p><strong>Who You Are:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>2+ years of experience managing and leading software sales teams.</li>
<li>5+ years of experience as an enterprise sales individual contributor.</li>
<li>Proven track record of achieving sales targets and driving revenue growth.</li>
<li>Competence leveraging and coaching value selling frameworks (e.g., Command of the Message) and forecasting methodologies (e.g., MEDDPICC).</li>
<li>Strong negotiation, analytical, financial, and organizational capabilities with the ability to thrive in an evolving, entrepreneurial environment.</li>
<li>Excellent leadership and communication skills, with the ability to build relationships with clients and internal stakeholders.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Preferred:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Experience selling to AI/ML leaders and builders.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Wondering if you're a good fit?</strong> We believe in investing in our people, and value candidates who can bring their own diversified experiences to our teams even if you aren't a 100% skill or experience match. Here are a few qualities we've found compatible with our team. If some of this describes you, we'd love to talk.</p>
<ul>
<li><strong>You love to</strong> help individuals and organizations be successful utilizing new technologies, acting as a trusted advisor.</li>
<li><strong>You're curious about</strong> the AI industry as a whole, the use cases organisations are deploying into production, and the technical challenges associated.</li>
<li><strong>You're an expert in</strong> end-to-end sales process management.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Why CoreWeave?</strong></p>
<p>At CoreWeave, we work hard, have fun, and move fast! We're in an exciting stage of hyper-growth that you will not want to miss out on. We're not afraid of a little chaos, and we're constantly learning. Our team cares deeply about how we build our product and how we work together, which is represented through our core values:</p>
<ul>
<li><strong>Be Curious at Your Core</strong></li>
<li><strong>Act Like an Owner</strong></li>
<li><strong>Empower Employees</strong></li>
<li><strong>Deliver Best-in-Class Client Experiences</strong></li>
<li><strong>Achieve More Together</strong></li>
</ul>
<p>We support and encourage an entrepreneurial outlook and independent thinking. We foster an environment that encourages collaboration and enables the development of innovative solutions to complex problems. As we get set for takeoff, the organization's growth opportunities are constantly expanding. You will be surrounded by some of the best talent in the industry, who will want to learn from you, too. Come join us!</p>
<p>The base salary range for this role is £105,000 to £135,000. The starting salary will be determined by job-related knowledge, skills, experience, and the market location. We strive for both market alignment and internal equity when determining compensation. This role has a 50/50 on-target earnings (OTE) structure, with total compensation split evenly between base salary and variable commission. In addition to base salary, our total rewards package includes a discretionary bonus, equity awards, and a comprehensive benefits program (all based on eligibility).</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>What We Offer</strong></p>
<p>The range we’ve posted represents the typical compensation range for this role. To determine actual compensation, we review the market rate for each candidate which can include a variety of factors. These include qualifications, experience, interview performance, and location.</p>
<p>In addition to a competitive salary, we offer a variety of benefits to support your needs, including:</p>
<ul>
<li>Medical, dental, and vision insurance - 100% paid for by CoreWeave</li>
<li>Company-paid Life Insurance&nbsp;</li>
<li>Voluntary supplemental life insurance&nbsp;</li>
<li>Short and long-term disability insurance&nbsp;</li>
<li>Flexible Spending Account</li>
<li>Health Savings Account</li>
<li>Tuition Reimbursement&nbsp;</li>
<li>Ability to Participate in Employee Stock Purchase Program (ESPP)</li>
<li>Mental Wellness Benefits through Spring Health&nbsp;</li>
<li>Family-Forming support provided by Carrot</li>
<li>Paid Parental Leave&nbsp;</li>
<li>Flexible, full-service childcare support with Kinside</li>
<li>401(k) with a generous employer match</li>
<li>Flexible PTO</li>
<li>Catered lunch each day in our office and data center locations</li>
<li>A casual work environment</li>
<li>A work culture focused on innovative disruption</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Our Workplace</strong></p>
<p>While we prioritize a hybrid work environment, remote work may be considered for candidates located more than 30 miles from an office, based on role requirements for specialized skill sets. New hires will be invited to attend onboarding at one of our hubs within their first month. Teams also gather quarterly to support collaboration.</p>
<p><a href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1gPBRBhUNAMBmj7Yn4\_M-hCugm7ZJD4hr/view?usp=sharing" target="\_blank">California Consumer Privacy Act </a>- California applicants only</p>
<p><em>CoreWeave is an equal opportunity employer, committed to fostering an inclusive and supportive workplace. All qualified applicants and candidates will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, disability, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, veteran status, or genetic information.</em></p>
<p><em>As part of this commitment and consistent with the </em><a href="https://www.eeoc.gov/laws/guidance/fact-sheet-disability-discrimination" target="\_blank"><em>Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA)</em></a><em>, CoreWeave will ensure that qualified applicants and candidates with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodations for the hiring process, unless such accommodation would cause an undue hardship. If reasonable accommodation is needed, please contact: <a href="mailto:careers@coreweave.com">careers@coreweave.com</a>.</em></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Export Control Compliance</strong></p>
<p>This position requires access to export controlled information. &nbsp;To conform to U.S. Government export regulations applicable to that information, applicant must either be (A) a U.S. person, defined as a (i) U.S. citizen or national, (ii) U.S. lawful permanent resident (green card holder), (iii) refugee under 8 U.S.C. § 1157, or (iv) asylee under 8 U.S.C. § 1158, (B) eligible to access the export controlled information without a required export authorization, or (C) eligible and reasonably likely to obtain the required export authorization from the applicable U.S. government agency. &nbsp;CoreWeave may, for legitimate business reasons, decline to pursue any export licensing process.</p></div>