**About Us:**

Verifiable is a provider credentialing and network monitoring platform, delivery industry-leading AI, API and Software solutions to help healthcare organizations optimize operations at enterprise scale. We are a top Salesforce partner, winning the 2024 Salesforce Partner Innovation Award, and also were named to Inc. 5000 2025, the most prestigious ranking of America's fastest-growing private companies. We work with leading healthcare organizations such as Humana Dental, Talkspace, Headway, Empower Pharmacy, and many others.

Verifiable is a fast-moving, early-stage team that values impact, ownership, and follow-through. Everyone here rolls up their sleeves, dives into ambiguity, and takes end-to-end responsibility for meaningful work. Priorities shift, problems aren’t always perfectly defined, and we move with urgency—so we look for people who are energized by hard problems, rapid learning, and stepping in wherever the team needs support.

We’re collaborative and human, but we keep a high bar. If you thrive in a scrappy, high-ownership environment where your work directly shapes the company’s trajectory, you’ll feel right at home here.

Verifiable is seeking an experienced Senior Customer Success Manager to drive customer satisfaction, retention, and growth within our strategic accounts. This role will be the primary point of contact for key customers—ensuring seamless onboarding, delivering ongoing technical support, identifying expansion opportunities, translating customer feedback into actionable insights, and ultimately delivering ROI for customers. You’ll work cross-functionally with Product, Solutions, Enablement, and Support to build lasting relationships and maximize customer value.

## Key Responsibilities

- Develop Verifiable product expertise to build credibility and add value for customers, including an understanding of underlying technical architecture and APIs for integration discussions.
- Partner with sales and implementation to support smooth onboarding, ongoing training, and adoption of contracted functionality.
- Form deep relationships with customers, serve as a trusted advisor, and ensure ongoing success, engagement, and strategic conversations with key executive stakeholders and decision makers.
- Conduct regular touch bases and quarterly business reviews across your accounts to ensure retention and strategic alignment between Verifiable and our customers.
- Identify upsell and expansion opportunities by understanding customer goals and aligning them with new product features or services.
- Drive commercial negotiations with customers and internal legal and finance teams to efficiently and symbiotically close deals and restructure contracts.
- Drive a feedback loop with cross-functional teams by gathering and synthesizing customer inputs to inform product development and prioritize roadmap enhancements.
- Support accounts with custom reporting needs outside of the standard product. This includes leveraging advanced reporting features and building Salesforce workflows for complex custom use cases.
- Monitor account health and proactively resolve and escalate issues to reduce churn.
- Maintain CRM hygiene, ensuring account records and documentation are up to date. This includes optimizing Salesforce instances and ensuring data integrity.
- Pursue ongoing healthcare industry and CRM platform education and training.
- Contribute to team-wide initiatives to make Verifiable a great place to work and drive Customer Success department efficiencies.

## Qualifications

- 5+ years of Senior Customer Success in B2B SaaS (healthcare and Salesforce experience preferred)
- Familiarity with Salesforce CRM and customer success tools, including experience building or troubleshooting basic Salesforce process builder/flow automations and reports.
- Experience managing a book of business > $3M ARR, building pipeline, & closing deals
- Strong Executive relationship-building, communication, presentation and problem-solving skills
- Experience navigating complex, matrixed client relationships and driving retention
- Proven ability to translate technical concepts into business value for non-technical stakeholders.

**More About Verifiable:**

We’ve grown to almost 150 employees in 5 years. Steady revenue growth allowed us to secure a $27M Series B led by Craft Ventures, bringing us to $47M in total funding.

We value the many benefits of remote work, so we’re fully distributed across the US and internationally.

Benefits include Health/Vision/Dental plans, unlimited PTO, new Apple equipment, and startup equity as part of your comp package.