<p data-pm-slice="1 1 []">We are looking for an experienced developer to help us shape the future of the Kotlin ecosystem.</p>
<h3><strong>As part of our team, you will:</strong></h3>
<ul data-tight="true">
<li>
<p>Create and maintain foundational libraries for Kotlin core primitives that are used by hundreds of thousands of developers</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Become an expert in specific domains of computer science and software engineering</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Be part of a design committee that decides how the Kotlin API should be shaped</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Participate in creating standard Kotlin tools, specifications and language features</p>
</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>Preferable:</strong></h3>
<ul data-tight="true">
<li>
<p>JVM development experience down to the implementation details of the Java standard library</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Strong understanding of the domain you've been working with</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Ability to write design documents for complex systems with strong reasoning behind each trade-off and technical decision</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Experience in performance engineering or API design</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p>In general, if you see yourself reading a Unicode standard, exploring how five other languages transform strings to bytes, figuring out why some Oceania islands changed their timezone from -10:00 to +14:00 and whether it should be expressed in the API of Kotlin timezones, optimizing interface hierarchy to be more JIT-friendly and is not afraid of re-iterating over documentation a multitude of times, you won't get bored in our team.</p>
<h3><strong>Why join JetBrains?</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Strong base salary. We offer competitive pay that reflects your skills and experience.</li>
<li>Flexible work location. Enjoy the freedom to work from home or from the office.</li>
<li>Remote work. Spend up to 30 days per year working remotely from abroad.</li>
<li>Extra time off. More days to relax, recharge, and do the things you love.</li>
<li>Medical insurance allowance. Enjoy peace of mind for you and your family.</li>
<li>Learning and development opportunities. Access to conferences, courses, and language classes.</li>
<li>Language classes. Pick up the local language or sharpen your English skills.</li>
<li>Fuel your day. Enjoy a hot meal or receive a lunch allowance on workdays.</li>
<li>Mental health support. To help you feel your best, we provide easy access to professional mental health services.</li>
<li>Sports benefit. Enjoy an on-site gym or sports club stipend.</li>
<li>Internal events. Join company-wide celebrations and team gatherings.</li>
</ul>
<p>\*Some benefits may vary depending on location.</p>
<div id="message-list\_1764171715.296769">
<div>
<div>
<div>
<div>
<div>
<div>
<div>
<div>
<div>
<div>
<div>#LI-KT1</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>We are an equal opportunity employer</strong><br><br>We know great ideas can come from anyone, anywhere. That’s why we do our best to create an open and inclusive workplace – one that welcomes everyone regardless of their background, identity, religion, age, accessibility needs, or orientation.</p>
<p><em data-stringify-type="italic">We process the data provided in your job application in accordance with the <a href="https://www.jetbrains.com/legal/docs/privacy/privacy-recruitment/">Recruitment Privacy Policy.</a></em></p></div>