At Snappr, we make it effortless for businesses to access high-quality visual content at scale. As the world’s leading marketplace for photography, video, and editing, we connect top creators with brands that need to tell their stories through powerful visuals. By combining cutting-edge technology with a discerning eye for creativity, we help businesses grow through content that stands out.

Our culture is built on extreme ownership and peak performance. We are customer-obsessed, data-informed problem solvers who thrive on radical candor, embrace challenges by loving the dirt, and refuse mediocrity. We believe in accountability, humor, and diversity — and we’re united by a mission to help businesses tell better visual stories.

**About the team:**

Snappr is the world’s largest on-demand marketplace for visual content. Our teams are entrepreneurial, collaborative, and impact-driven — solving complex customer challenges at a global scale. Every project you take on will contribute to how businesses tell their stories visually, helping us set the standard for visual content worldwide.

**About the role:**

As an AI **Operations & Strategy Lead,** you will play a key role in shaping and optimizing the integration of visual content operations and our AI technology. You’ll lead a team of specialists in delivering high-quality AI-generated visual content, ensuring consistent excellence across outputs. While leading a team, consider yourself as an owner of Snappr and our AI operations, where you will drive continuous improvement by re-engineering processes and identifying new opportunities for increasing efficiency and our bar for quality**.**

**This role reports to an Operations Manager.**

## What you'll do:

- Lead and manage day-to-day operations, ensuring efficiency, quality, and adherence to established processes.
- Manage and mentor a team of specialists, providing guidance, support, and fostering a collaborative team environment.
- Initiate continuous improvement in operational processes and policies
- Drive and monitor key performance indicators (KPIs) - focusing on efficiency, productivity, and quality -  to ensure the team meets or exceeds performance targets
- Design and implement performance improvement plans for team members who require such assistance
- Act as a point of contact for escalated issues and provide timely resolutions
- Communicate with Senior Operations Manager/s and Head of Operations to ensure projects are on track
- Collaborate with Product and Engineering teams in ideating and testing new features and tools to improve user experience and operational efficiency
- Use data to define problems and design solutions
- Monitor and produce regular performance reports
- Foster a culture of continuous improvement, innovation, and excellence within the operations team

## Signals that you are fit for the role:

- 4-5 years of progressive experience in operations, with at least 2 years in a people management or project management role.
- Experience in effectively leading a team, including overseeing projects or programs from planning to execution.
- Experience in a startup or high-growth environment is strongly preferred.
- Demonstrated experience in driving and achieving Key Performance Indicators (KPIs)
- Strong analytical and problem-solving skills
- Knowledge of Google Sheets or Excel would be an advantage.
- Familiarity with Adobe Photoshop is a plus, but not a hard requirement
- Adept at using AI tools (e.g., ChatGPT, Gemini)

## Job benefits:

- Php 40-60k monthly (including incentives)
- Transportation allowance provided
- 20% night differential (if applicable)
- Health Insurance (Day 1 HMO w/ dependents)
- Free daily meals
- Paid Time Off
- Company Equity