<div class="content-intro"><p>At Braze, we have found our people. We’re a genuinely approachable, exceptionally kind, and intensely passionate crew.</p>
<p>We seek to ignite that passion by setting high standards, championing teamwork, and creating work-life harmony as we collectively navigate rapid growth on a global scale while striving for greater equity and opportunity – inside and outside our organization.</p>
<p>To flourish here, you must be prepared to set a high bar for yourself and those around you. There is always a way to contribute: Acting with autonomy, having accountability and being open to new perspectives are essential to our continued success.</p>
<p>Our deep curiosity to learn and our eagerness to share diverse passions with others gives us balance and injects a one-of-a-kind vibrancy into our culture.</p>
<p>If you are driven to solve exhilarating challenges and have a bias toward action in the face of change, you will be empowered to make a real impact here, with a sharp and passionate team at your back. If Braze sounds like a place where you can thrive, we can’t wait to meet you.</p></div><div class="p-rich\_text\_section"><strong data-stringify-type="bold">WHAT YOU’LL DO</strong></div>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section"><br>As an Account Executive on our Scale team, you will own the full sales cycle from prospecting to closing, working as a relentless “hunter” to identify, prioritize, outreach to and ultimately close new business. Additionally, you will have the opportunity to work side-by-side with several Braze customers, operating as a trusted advisor as they look to Braze to grow and scale their business.<br>Join a scaling, diverse, and tight knit team that’s working directly with Marketing, Product, and Technical executives and their teams to help them forge human connections between consumers and the brands they love. Our team has a variety of backgrounds, but are united by a commitment to mutual collaboration, growth mindset, and relentless optimism in pursuit of success.</div>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section"><br><strong data-stringify-type="bold">WHO YOU ARE</strong></div>
<ul class="p-rich\_text\_list p-rich\_text\_list\_\_bullet p-rich\_text\_list--nested" data-stringify-type="unordered-list" data-list-tree="true" data-indent="0" data-border="0">
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">You have at least 3-5 years of field sales experience selling SaaS solutions that involve technically integrated products.</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">You excel at generating and managing your own pipeline, thinking both strategically and creatively about how to drive desired outcomes through effective and persistent outreach. You’re on top of many moving parts.</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">Your customers describe your selling as consultative and human. You’re a natural story-teller and an attentive listener.</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">You demonstrate the mechanics of a value-first conversation including the steps necessary to get there: strong and ongoing discovery, a solid understanding of the business pain, what outcomes they are hoping to achieve and how Braze is best positioned to provide differentiated value.</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">You’re analytical and data-driven. Your approach is grounded in examples and defined by testing and iterating. You harbor a desire to understand and make sense of complex systems and concepts.</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">You know how to help buyers navigate large SaaS investments, including how to mobilize distributed, global organizations and accelerate cycles. Among many stakeholders, you identify and influence key people.</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">Being a fast-growth company, things here change pretty fast. You’re comfortable learning new things (tech, process, people)&nbsp; and navigating high-change environments.</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0">Bonus if you’ve sold to Growth/Marketing teams, or have a background in analytics, CRM, marketing automation, data storage/agility or content marketing solutions (but not required).</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><div class="p-rich\_text\_section">
<p><strong>WHAT WE OFFER<br></strong></p>
<p><em>Braze benefits vary by location, and we encourage you to review our specific benefits offerings for each country </em><a href="https://www.braze.com/company/careers/how-we-hire#benefit-section"><em>here</em></a><em>. More details on benefits plans will be provided if you receive an offer of employment.</em></p>
<p>From offering comprehensive benefits to fostering hybrid ways of working, we’ve got you covered so you can prioritize work-life harmony. Braze offers benefits such as:</p>
<ul>
<li>Competitive compensation that may include equity</li>
<li>Retirement and Employee Stock Purchase Plans</li>
<li>Flexible paid time off</li>
<li>Comprehensive benefit plans covering medical, dental, vision, life, and disability</li>
<li>Family services that include fertility benefits and equal paid parental leave</li>
<li>Professional development supported by formal career pathing, learning platforms, and a yearly learning stipend</li>
<li>A curated in-office employee experience, designed to foster community, team connections, and innovation</li>
<li>Opportunities to give back to your community, including an annual company-wide Volunteer Week and donation matching&nbsp;</li>
<li>Employee Resource Groups that provide supportive communities within Braze</li>
<li>Collaborative, transparent, and fun culture recognized as a Great Place to Work®</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>ABOUT BRAZE<br><br></strong>Braze is the leading customer engagement platform that empowers brands to Be Absolutely Engaging.™ Braze helps brands deliver great customer experiences that drive value both for consumers and for their businesses. Built on a foundation of composable intelligence, BrazeAI™ allows marketers to combine and activate AI agents, models, and features at every touchpoint throughout the Braze Customer Engagement Platform for smarter, faster, and more meaningful customer engagement. From cross-channel messaging and journey orchestration to Al-powered decisioning and optimization, Braze enables companies to turn action into interaction through autonomous, 1:1 personalized experiences.<br><br>The company has repeatedly been recognized as a Leader in marketing technology by industry analysts, and was voted a G2 “Best of Marketing and Digital Advertising Software Product” in 2025.<br><br>Braze was also named a 2025 Best Companies To Work For by U.S. News &amp; World Report, a 2025 America’s Greatest Companies by Newsweek, and a 2025 Fortune Best Workplace in Technology™ by Great Place To Work®, among other accolades. Braze is also proudly certified as a Great Place to Work® in the U.S., the UK, Australia, and Singapore.<br><br>The company is headquartered in New York with offices in Austin, Berlin, Bucharest, Chicago, Dubai, Jakarta, London, Paris, San Francisco, São Paulo, Singapore, Seoul, Sydney and Tokyo.</p>
<strong>BRAZE IS AN EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER</strong>
<p>At Braze, we strive to create equitable growth and opportunities inside and outside the organization.</p>
<p>Building meaningful connections is at the heart of everything we do, and that includes our recruiting practices. We're committed to offering all candidates a fair, accessible, and inclusive experience – regardless of age, color, disability, gender identity, marital status, maternity, national origin, pregnancy, race, religion, sex, sexual orientation, or status as a protected veteran. When applying and interviewing with Braze, we want you to feel comfortable showcasing what makes you <em>you</em>.</p>
<p>We know that sometimes different circumstances can lead talented people to hesitate to apply for a role unless they meet 100% of the criteria. If this sounds familiar, we encourage you to apply, as we’d love to meet you.</p>
<em>Please see our</em><a href="https://www.braze.com/company/legal/privacy-policy-job-candidates"><em> </em><em>Candidate Privacy Policy</em></a><em> for more information on how Braze processes your personal information during the recruitment process and, if applicable based on your location, how you can exercise any privacy rights.</em></div></div>