<div class="content-intro"><p>Intercom is the AI Customer Service company on a mission to help businesses provide incredible customer experiences.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Our AI agent Fin, the most advanced customer service AI agent on the market, lets businesses deliver always-on, impeccable customer service and ultimately transform their customer experiences for the better. Fin can also be combined with our Helpdesk to become a complete solution called the Intercom Customer Service Suite, which provides AI enhanced support for the more complex or high touch queries that require a human agent.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Founded in 2011 and trusted by nearly 30,000 global businesses, Intercom is setting the new standard for customer service. Driven by our core values, we push boundaries, build with speed and intensity, and consistently deliver incredible value to our customers.</p></div><h2>What's the opportunity?&nbsp;</h2>
<ul>
<li>The Research, Analytics &amp; Data Science (RAD) team at Intercom use data and insights to drive evidence based decision-making. We're a team of data scientists and product researchers who use data — both big and small — to unlock actionable insights about our customers, our products and our business. We generate insights that build customer empathy, drive product strategy and shape products that deliver real value to our customers. If you get really excited about asking the right questions, exploring patterns in data and surfacing actionable insights that drive strategic decisions, then this role is for you.</li>
<li>Data Scientists in RAD partner with teams across R&amp;D to help Intercom make sense of our users, our products and our business, using metrics and data. This role will enable you to drive key data projects that directly impact our customers and millions of end users who communicate via our messaging platform daily.</li>
</ul>
<h2>What will I be doing?&nbsp;</h2>
<ul>
<li>You’ll partner with product teams to help them identify important questions and answer those questions with data</li>
<li>You’ll work closely with product managers, designers and engineers to develop key product success metrics, to set targets, to measure results and outcomes, and to size opportunities</li>
<li>You’ll design, build and update end-to-end data pipelines, working closely with stakeholders to drive the collection of new data and the refinement of existing data sources and tables.</li>
<li>You’ll partner closely with product researchers to build a holistic understanding of our customers, our products and our business.</li>
<li>You’ll influence our product roadmap and product strategy through experimentation, exploratory analysis and quantitative research</li>
<li>You’ll build and automate actionable models and dashboards</li>
<li>You’ll craft data stories and share your findings and recommendations across R&amp;D and the broader company</li>
<li>You’ll drive and shape core RAD foundations and help us improve how the RAD org operates</li>
</ul>
<h2>What skills do I need?&nbsp;</h2>
<ul>
<li>5 + years experience working with data to solve problems and drive evidence-based decisions</li>
<li>Excellent SQL skills and experience of&nbsp; applying analytical and statistical approaches to problem solving</li>
<li>Proven track record of initiating and delivering actionable analysis and insights that drives tangible impact with minimal supervision</li>
<li>Excellent communication skills (technical and non-technical) and a focus on driving impact</li>
<li>Strong growth mindset and sense of ownership. Innate passion and curiosity</li>
<li>Experience with a scientific computing language (such as R or Python)</li>
</ul>
<h2>Bonus skills &amp; attributes&nbsp;</h2>
<ul>
<li>Experience with BI/Visualization tools like Tableau, Superset and Looker</li>
<li>Experience with data modeling and ETL pipelines</li>
<li>Experience working with product teams</li>
<li>Experience leveraging AI tools to boost efficiency and creativity across the data science workflow — from ideation and coding to analysis and communication</li>
</ul>
<h2>Benefits&nbsp;</h2>
<p>We are a well treated bunch, with awesome benefits! If there’s something important to you that’s not on this list, talk to us!&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>Competitive salary and equity in a fast-growing start-up</li>
<li>We serve lunch every weekday, plus a variety of snack foods and a fully stocked kitchen</li>
<li>Regular compensation reviews - we reward great work</li>
<li>Peace of mind with life assurance, as well as comprehensive health and dental insurance for you and your dependents</li>
<li>Open vacation policy and flexible holidays so you can take time off when you need it</li>
<li>Paid maternity leave, as well as 6 weeks paternity leave for fathers, to let you spend valuable time with your loved ones</li>
<li>MacBooks are our standard, but we’re happy to get you whatever equipment helps you get your job done</li>
</ul>
<p>#LI-Hybrid</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>Policies&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>Intercom has a hybrid working policy. We believe that working in person helps us stay connected, collaborate easier and create a great culture while still providing flexibility to work from home. We expect employees to be in the office at least three days per week.</p>
<p>We have a radically open and accepting culture at Intercom. We avoid spending time on divisive subjects to foster a safe and cohesive work environment for everyone. As an organization, our policy is to not advocate on behalf of the company or our employees on any social or political topics out of our internal or external communications. We respect personal opinion and expression on these topics on personal social platforms on personal time, and do not challenge or confront anyone for their views on non-work related topics. Our goal is to focus on doing incredible work to achieve our goals and unite the company through our <a href="https://www.intercom.com/careers">core values</a>.&nbsp;&nbsp;</p>
<p>Intercom values diversity and is committed to a policy of Equal Employment Opportunity. Intercom will not discriminate against an applicant or employee on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, national origin, ancestry, sex, gender, age, physical or mental disability, veteran or military status, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, marital status, or any other legally recognized protected basis under federal, state, or local law.</p></div>