<div class="content-intro"><p>Elastic, the Search AI Company, enables everyone to find the answers they need in real time, using all their data, at scale — unleashing the potential of businesses and people. The Elastic Search AI Platform, used by more than 50% of the Fortune 500, brings together the precision of search and the intelligence of AI to enable everyone to accelerate the results that matter. By taking advantage of all structured and unstructured data — securing and protecting private information more effectively — Elastic’s complete, cloud-based solutions for search, security, and observability help organizations deliver on the promise of AI.</p></div><h3><strong>What is The Role</strong></h3>
<p data-pm-slice="1 1 []">We are hiring a Marketing Program Manager for France to drive regional marketing programs aligned to Elastic’s go-to-market priorities.</p>
<p data-pm-slice="1 1 []">Based in Paris, with regular on-site presence for events and sales engagement.Reporting to the Senior Regional Marketing Manager, EMEA North, this role brings strategy to life in France, ensuring strong execution, local relevance and clear pipeline impact.This is a high-ownership, hands-on role. As the on-the-ground marketing representative for France, you will work closely with sales leadership and represent marketing locally.</p>
<p data-pm-slice="1 1 []">Strategic thinking and strong delivery go hand in hand in this role. We’re looking for someone who not only delivers, but brings ideas, challenges thinking and contributes to continuously improve on the market. This role plays a key part in driving growth in one of our priority markets.</p>
<h3 data-pm-slice="1 3 []"><strong>What You Will Be Doing</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Own and run regional marketing programs in France to drive pipeline, including events, roundtables, conferences, webinars, ABM and partner marketing.</li>
<li>Take full ownership end-to-end. Shape plans, align on priorities, then deliver and follow up independently.</li>
<li>Be hands-on across execution. Build and manage campaign setup including email marketing, landing pages, lists, comms, logistics and vendor coordination.</li>
<li>Be on-site at key events, leading delivery and acting as the main point of contact for speakers, vendors and internal teams.</li>
<li>Partner closely with sales. Align on priorities, present plans and results, and represent regional marketing locally.</li>
<li>Ensure strong operational delivery. Campaign setup, tracking, comms and promotion are accurate, on time and on budget.</li>
<li>Track performance and pipeline impact. Ensure strong follow-up with sales and continuously improve results.</li>
<li>Collaborate with product marketing, ops, digital and partners, and support joint programs and partner activities in France.</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>What You Bring</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>8+ years in B2B marketing, ideally in tech. Strong experience in field marketing and running programs end-to-end.</li>
<li>Hands-on, structured and highly reliable, with strong attention to detail.</li>
<li>Strong organisational skills with the ability to manage multiple priorities.</li>
<li>A proactive mindset with strong ownership, brings ideas and makes sound decisions independently.</li>
<li>Confidence working with sales leadership and navigating a matrix organisation.</li>
<li>Fluency in both French and English.</li>
<li>Experience with Salesforce, Marketo or similar tools. Digitally Savvy.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Willingness to travel ~20–25%.</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><h2><strong>Additional Information - We Take Care of Our People</strong></h2>
<p>As a distributed company, diversity drives our identity. Whether you’re looking to launch a new career or grow an existing one, Elastic is the type of company where you can balance great work with great life. Your age is only a number. It doesn’t matter if you’re just out of college or your children are; we need you for what you can do.</p>
<p>We strive to have parity of benefits across regions and while regulations differ from place to place, we believe taking care of our people is the right thing to do.</p>
<ul>
<li>Competitive pay based on the work you do here and not your previous salary</li>
<li>Health coverage for you and your family in many locations</li>
<li>Ability to craft your calendar with flexible locations and schedules for many roles</li>
<li>Generous number of vacation days each year</li>
<li>Increase your impact - We match up to $2000 (or local currency equivalent) for financial donations and service</li>
<li>Up to 40 hours each year to use toward volunteer projects you love</li>
<li>Embracing parenthood with minimum of 16 weeks of parental leave</li>
</ul>
<p>Different people approach problems differently. We need that. Elastic is an equal opportunity employer and is committed to creating an inclusive culture that celebrates different perspectives, experiences, and backgrounds. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, ethnicity, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender perception or identity, national origin, age, marital status, protected veteran status, disability status, or any other basis protected by federal, state or local law, ordinance or regulation.</p>
<p>We welcome individuals with disabilities and strive to create an accessible and inclusive experience for all individuals. To request an accommodation during the application or the recruiting process, please email <a href="mailto:candidate\_accessibility@elastic.co" target="\_blank">candidate\_accessibility@elastic.co</a><span class="gmail\_default">.</span>&nbsp;We will reply to your request within 24 business hours of submission.</p>
<p><span style="color: #000000;">Applicants have rights under Federal Employment Laws, view posters linked below:</span> <a href="https://www.dol.gov/sites/dolgov/files/WHD/legacy/files/fmlaen.pdf" target="\_blank">Family and Medical Leave Act (FMLA)</a> <span style="color: #000000;">Poster;</span><span style="color: #000000;">&nbsp;<a href="https://www.dol.gov/sites/dolgov/files/ofccp/pdf/pay-transp\_%20English\_formattedESQA508c.pdf" target="\_blank">Pay Transparency Nondiscrimination Provision</a> Poster; </span><a href="https://www.dol.gov/sites/dolgov/files/WHD/legacy/files/eppabw.pdf" target="\_blank">Employee Polygraph Protection Act (EPPA)</a> <span style="color: #000000;">Poster and <a href="https://www.dol.gov/sites/dolgov/files/OFCCP/regs/compliance/posters/pdf/22-088\_EEOC\_KnowYourRights.pdf" target="\_blank">Know Your Rights</a> (Poster)</span></p>
<p><span style="color: #000000;">Elasticsearch develops and distributes technology and information that is subject to U.S. and other countries’ export controls and licensing requirements for individuals who are located in or are nationals of the following sanctioned countries and regions: Belarus, Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Syria, or Russia, including the Ukrainian territories annexed by Russia (The Crimea region of Ukraine, The Donetsk People's Republic (DNR), The Luhansk People's Republic (LNR), Kherson or Zaporizhzhia). If you are located in or are a national of one of the listed countries or regions, an export license may be required as a condition of your employment in this role. Please note that national origin and/or nationality do not affect eligibility for employment with Elastic.</span></p>
<p>Please see&nbsp;<a href="https://www.elastic.co/legal/applicant-privacy-statement" target="\_blank" data-saferedirecturl="https://www.google.com/url?q=https://www.elastic.co/legal/applicant-privacy-statement&amp;source=gmail&amp;ust=1611068262479000&amp;usg=AFQjCNG3orAPk5sJIr9WVm0ZDxYw82c5DA">here</a>&nbsp;for our Privacy Statement.</p></div>