<div>
<div class="description content">
<p>Lead Developers act as the primary point of contact for our clients, ensuring that teams are successful in their delivery. In this role, you will bring a strategic mindset to projects and spend time collaborating and negotiating with clients to bring a technical vision to life. Having a balance of high-level and tactical mindsets is a must, as you will spend time both with clients and your teammates.</p>
<p>At Thoughtworks, we believe in going above and beyond the standard and are committed to delivering best-in-class solutions that exceed our clients' expectations. Our standard engineering and delivery practices reflect our commitment to quality, and our team is always looking to innovate and improve. Lead Developers guide and coach their teams in their implementation and application.</p>
</div>
<h2 id="job-responsibilities">Job responsibilities</h2>
<div class="job-responsibilities content">
<ul>
<li>You will own the design and architecture of solutions, making pragmatic technology choices and guiding delivery from start to finish.</li>
<li>You will lead delivery by tracking work, mitigating risks, and resolving issues at both team and client levels.</li>
<li>You will build and nurture high-performing teams by fostering growth, wellbeing, and inclusivity, while coaching and mentoring key people.</li>
<li>You will influence and consult with clients, working within constraints to design scalable solutions and drive business value.</li>
<li>You will champion engineering best practices such as TDD, pair programming, clean code, and design patterns.</li>
<li>You will collaborate with stakeholders and teammates to design concepts, build prototypes, and embed UX best practices into solutions.</li>
<li>You will apply continuous delivery and DevSecOps practices to deliver secure, high-quality software quickly and sustainably.</li>
<li>You will remain hands-on with coding, applying multiple languages, tools, and modern practices - never becoming post-technical.</li>
<li>You will leverage insights from the Thoughtworks Technology Radar to adopt new tools, techniques, and approaches.</li>
<li>You will advocate for a culture of feedback, learning, and inclusivity, helping individuals and teams thrive.</li>
</ul>
</div>
<h2 id="job-qualifications">Job qualifications</h2>
<div class="job-qualifications content">
<h3 id="technical-skills">Technical Skills</h3>
<div class="qualifications inner-content">
<ul>
<li>You are well-versed in at least one (Java 11 + Spring Boot) or more modern languages and frameworks, and are comfortable with object-oriented programming.</li>
<li>You have experience leading software development teams using Agile, Lean, and/or Continuous Delivery practices.</li>
<li>You have practical knowledge of engineering best practices such as TDD, continuous integration, pairing, and infrastructure automation.</li>
<li>You have a learning mindset and enjoy exploring new approaches such as functional programming, event-driven architecture, or platform engineering.</li>
<li>Bonus points if you have hands-on experience with cloud technologies such as AWS, Azure, Docker, or Kubernetes.</li>
<li>Bonus points if you’re familiar with headless commerce platforms like commercetools.</li>
</ul>
</div>
<h3 id="professional-skills">Professional Skills</h3>
<div class="skills inner-content">
<ul>
<li>You have experience influencing others and always advocate for technical excellence while being open to change when needed.&nbsp;</li>
<li>You bridge product and technology by helping to translate business needs into software requirements.</li>
<li>You have the ability to develop and execute a technical vision with a focus on business value.</li>
<li>You will act as a mentor for less experienced peers through both your technical knowledge and ability to inspire a team to deliver extraordinary impact together.</li>
<li>You’re resilient in ambiguous situations and can approach challenges from multiple perspectives.</li>
</ul>
</div>
</div>
<h2 id="important-things">Other things to know</h2>
<div class="important-things content">
<h3>Learning &amp; Development</h3>
<div class="inner-content">
<p>There is no one-size-fits-all career path at Thoughtworks: however you want to develop your career is entirely up to you. But we also balance autonomy with the strength of our cultivation culture. This means your career is supported by interactive tools, numerous development programs and teammates who want to help you grow. We see value in helping each other be our best and that extends to empowering our employees in their career journeys.</p>
</div>
</div>
<h2 id="about">About Thoughtworks</h2>
<div class="about content">
<p>Thoughtworks is a dynamic and inclusive community of bright and supportive colleagues who are revolutionizing tech. As a leading technology consultancy, we’re pushing boundaries through our purposeful and impactful work. For 30+ years, we’ve delivered extraordinary impact together with our clients by helping them solve complex business problems with technology as the differentiator. Bring your brilliant expertise and commitment for continuous learning to Thoughtworks. Together, let’s be extraordinary.</p>
</div>
<p style="display: none;">#LI-Onsite</p>
</div><div class="content-conclusion"><p style="text-align: center;"><a href="https://www.thoughtworks.com/careers/ai-policy-for-recruitment">See here our AI policy.</a></p></div>