## We are Isarsoft

<strong>We make every camera count</strong><br>At ​Isarsoft ​we develop video analytics software ​to make transportation and cities more efficient, inclusive and secure. ​We stand for data protection and responsible processing of sensitive data. Being ​on the forefront of innovation we work together in interdisciplinary teams in a positive, fun and energetic atmosphere.<br><br>Our customers and partners are at the center of everything we do. ​Founded in 2019 ​​we have ​grown organically winning large customers ​and partners delivering compelling, reliable, high-performance software. We are proud of being a privately held company with family atmosphere focusing on long-term relations to our customers and team members.

## Benefits

<ul><li>An experienced, highly motivated and international team to learn and grow</li><li>A high-impact work environment with flat hierarchies and short decision-making processes</li><li>Have the flexibility to work from anywhere: A great office in Garching nearby Munich, from home or the English-Garden</li><li>Free lunch, coffee and drinks at our office </li></ul>Sounds good? We are just getting started. Let's build a great company together.

## Hiring Process

We are committed to a transparent and fair hiring process. ​We aim for concluding the interview process in no longer than ​3 weeks.<br><br>The following three stages are typical for any position at Isarsoft.<br><ul><li>Video Interview with HR</li><li>Technical Deep Dive / Challenge</li><li>A personal meeting with the founders</li></ul>We deeply believe that a great product only can be build by a great team. That's why sharing our values, being a team-player and having a energetic attitude is as important as bringing the right technical skills.