<h2 id="who-we-are">Who we are</h2>
<h3 id="about-stripe">About Stripe</h3>
<p>Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies—from the world’s largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyone’s reach while doing the most important work of your career.</p>
<h3 id="about-the-team">About the team</h3>
<p>Stripe’s support teams provide integration guidance and assistance based on a deep understanding of Stripe’s products. Support specialists interact with both developers and non-technical stakeholders to identify root cause of payment-blocking issues, answer questions and to advise users on how to get the most out of Stripe’s powerful infrastructure.</p>
<p>Stripe Terminal helps our users extend their online presence to the physical world. The Terminal team’s mission is to make it as easy for businesses to accept in-person payments as the Stripe API has done for online payments. With Terminal, businesses can unlock in-person payments use cases that are right for their business model—whether it’s creating a superb retail experience, extending their website to a pop-up store, or enabling a mobile point-of-sale at their next event.</p>
<h3 id="what-youll-do">What you’ll do</h3>
<p>We are building a team of support specialists that will work with the largest and most complex Stripe Terminal users. As a Network Support Specialist, you’ll be the subject matter expert on Terminal's SDKs, payments hardware and device management, and will deeply collaborate with Stripe’s Technical Support and Product Support Operations teams.</p>
<h3>Responsibilities</h3>
<ul>
<li>Build familiarity with Stripe Terminal’s rapidly growing product suite, which includes EMVCo certified card readers, Tap to Pay on IPhone/Android, POS integrations, payment gateway partnerships and cloud-based device management</li>
<li>Troubleshoot issues and advise both SaaS platforms and direct enterprise users on their integrations and connectivity/hardware setup across multiple channels (including email, chat, and live calls)</li>
<li>Identify patterns in user issues, craft support materials and propose improvements to the Terminal Engineering team</li>
<li>Take an analytical approach to tracking points of friction for users and work cross-functionally to drive step-function improvements in user experience</li>
<li>Optimize our internal and external documentation for both technical and non-technical audiences</li>
</ul>
<p>To equip you for this, you will go through an extensive onboarding that provides foundational understanding in at least one programming environment as you go deeper on Stripe’s API &amp; product features. Over time, you will learn the basics of all of Stripe’s supported backend languages as well as client technologies including JavaScript, Android, iOS and React Native. You will also solidify your knowledge of SQL and Splunk basics to excel on the job.</p>
<h3 id="who-you-are">Who you are</h3>
<ul>
<li>5+ years of experience in networking, IT infrastructure, and/or hardware troubleshooting</li>
<li>Proven ability to partner with IT teams to stand up reliable infrastructure: dedicated LANs, DHCP/DNS hygiene, firewall/proxy rules and MDM configuration</li>
<li>Ability to troubleshoot issues across the device stack, including OS, ROM/firmware and application layers</li>
<li>Ability to interpret logs and reader diagnostics, including from tools like Splunk, Datadog/ and Grafana</li>
<li>Ability to self-serve basic SQL queries and comfortable modifying more complex ones</li>
<li>Operations savvy mindset, with an ability to identify and eliminate process friction while building scalable processes</li>
<li>Excel at written communication skills, with a passion to interact with users of varied technical backgrounds clearly and empathetically</li>
</ul>
<h3>Nice to haves</h3>
<ul>
<li>Payments domain knowledge, including hands-on experience with card readers and POS applications</li>
<li>Past experience in full-stack software development. Experience with Android mobile development preferred</li>
<li>Willingness to travel for site visits, pilot deployments, and complex escalations</li>
</ul>