At BeReal, we are dedicated to authenticity in social media. By encouraging users to share unfiltered moments, we foster genuine connections and celebrate real life. We are now an international team of 70+ and have 40M+ monthly active users. Backed by Voodoo, our team is fully focused on scaling BeReal into an iconic social network used by hundreds of millions.

**Role**

As Voodoo is integrating BeReal, the company is looking to grow its sales team around the world to drive ad sales to agencies and brands. As BeReal’s Agency Lead, you will be responsible for designing and executing the local Japanese sales strategy by selling traditional and innovative ad inventory to key agencies.

You will leverage Voodoo’s unique know-how in app monetization to establish new business for BeReal.

You will need extensive brand and agency contacts in Japan at major Holdcos (Dentsu, Hakuhodo, CyberAgent, etc) and independent agencies to succeed. These contacts should be decision makers for trading, social media and investment teams.

You need to have a deep knowledge of the digital advertising landscape.

You will be also responsible for the long-term development of business relationships with these prospects.

- Own your local agency strategy and roadmap.
- Build awareness and adoption around BeReal offering with agencies through client presentations, conference attendance and networking events.
- Combine new business development and sales skills with long-term relationship management.
- Engage with senior agency executives to drive deal growth in the long-term.
- Communicate effectively internally to coordinate resources (Ads Ops, Publishing Management, User acquisition, etc...) and effectively sell our inventory

## Profile

- You have 5 years+ of experience in digital ad sales in Japan with an outstanding track record in selling ad products to Agencies.
- Social media mobile experience is a strong plus.
- You have a strong track record.
- A high degree of creativity, self-motivation, and drive.
- An expert in managing a portfolio of clients and understanding the mobile ecosystem in a way that you can respond thoroughly and persuasively to the client’s needs and questions.

## Benefits

- Best-in-class compensation
- Other benefits according to the country you reside