<p>Canonical is a leading provider of open source software and operating systems to the global enterprise and technology markets. Our platform, Ubuntu, is very widely used in breakthrough enterprise initiatives such as public cloud, data science, AI, engineering innovation, and IoT. Our customers include the world's leading public cloud and silicon providers, and industry leaders in many sectors. The company is a pioneer of global distributed collaboration, with 1200+ colleagues in 75+ countries and very few office-based roles. Teams meet two to four times yearly in person, in interesting locations around the world, to align on strategy and execution.</p>
<p>The company is founder-led, profitable, and growing.</p>
<p>We are hiring an <strong>Enterprise Project Manager</strong></p>
<p>Canonical’s mission is to streamline and accelerate the adoption of open source across the entire global enterprise technology market. Our customers embrace the Canonical approach to open source for complex projects on bare metal, on the cloud, and at the edge.&nbsp;Canonical Enterprise Project Managers are responsible for ensuring project success through owning, driving, communicating and respectfully engaging all stakeholders, valuing integrity and accountability.</p>
<p>Within a portfolio of projects with complex and changing software technologies, customer and partner satisfaction is only possible because of exceptional Project Managers who know how to respect and engage all stakeholders.</p>
<p><strong>Location: </strong>This is a Globally remote role.</p>
<h2>The role entails</h2>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Ensuring programs and projects are delivered within the schedule, scope, cost, budget and resources expectations</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Identifying key technical and project risks and issues and actively put mitigating actions in place&nbsp;</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Maintaining strong customer focus and working with all key stakeholders to achieve successful outcomes</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Conducting regular status meetings and business reviews with customers and providing direction when needed</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Managing the delivery schedule of critical third party deliverables for the project</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Advocating to customers the appropriate technologies from Canonical's portfolio&nbsp;</span></li>
<li>Driving project success while managing risks&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<h2>What we are looking for in you</h2>
<ul>
<li>Experience in Enterprise IT Programs, Process Improvement, and Software Engineering Project Management</li>
<li>Excellent written and verbal communication skills in English</li>
<li>Experience leading cross-cultural, remote and global project teams and customers.</li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Strong negotiation and influencing skills&nbsp;</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Strong communication skills</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Deep understanding of Linux, Open Source, and Cloud Technologies&nbsp;</span></li>
<li><span style="font-weight: 400;">Bachelor's Degree in a STEM discipline</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Project Management Certification, preferably PMP or equivalent certification</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Agile Project Management certification, preferably Scrum Master or equivalent certification</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Ability and willingness to travel domestically and internationally</span></li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>What we offer colleagues</strong></h3>
<p>We consider geographical location, experience, and performance in shaping compensation worldwide. We revisit compensation annually (and more often for graduates and associates) to ensure we recognize outstanding performance. In addition to base pay, we offer a performance-driven annual bonus or commission. We provide all team members with additional benefits which reflect our values and ideals. We balance our programs to meet local needs and ensure fairness globally.</p>
<ul>
<li>Distributed work environment with twice-yearly team sprints in person</li>
<li>Personal learning and development budget of USD 2,000 per year</li>
<li>Annual compensation review</li>
<li>Recognition rewards</li>
<li>Annual holiday leave</li>
<li>Maternity and paternity leave</li>
<li>Team Member Assistance Program &amp; Wellness Platform</li>
<li>Opportunity to travel to new locations to meet colleagues</li>
<li>Priority Pass and travel upgrades for long-haul company events</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>About Canonical</strong></h3>
<p>Canonical is a pioneering tech firm at the forefront of the global move to open source. As the company that publishes Ubuntu, one of the most important open-source projects and the platform for AI, IoT, and the cloud, we are changing the world of software. We recruit on a global basis and set a very high standard for people joining the company. We expect excellence; in order to succeed, we need to be the best at what we do. Most colleagues at Canonical have worked from home since our inception in 2004.​ Working here is a step into the future and will challenge you to think differently, work smarter, learn new skills, and raise your game.</p>
<p><strong>Canonical is an equal opportunity employer</strong></p>
<p>We are proud to foster a workplace free from discrimination. Diversity of experience, perspectives, and background create a better work environment and better products.<a href="https://canonical.com/careers/diversity/identity">&nbsp;Whatever your identity, we will give your application fair consideration.</a></p>
<p>#LI-remote</p>