<p>Our mission at Duolingo is to develop the best education in the world and make it universally available. It’s a big mission, and that’s where you come in!</p>
<p>At Duolingo, you’ll join a team that cares about finding <a href="https://blog.duolingo.com/tag/engineering/?utm\_source=greenhouse.com&amp;utm\_medium=referral&amp;utm\_campaign=engblog\_gh\_091224">innovative solutions to complex technical problems</a>, running countless experiments (300+ at a time!) with our massive user base to make data-driven decisions, and educating our users and employees alike. You’ll have limitless learning opportunities, mentorship and collaboration with world-class minds, and a variety of projects with large scopes — while doing work that’s both fun and meaningful.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Join our life-changing mission to develop education for our half a billion (and growing!) learners around the world.</p>
<hr>
<h2><strong>About the role</strong></h2>
<p>Come join our Music team and help us build the future of music education. We are looking for a Senior gameplay programmer with Unity background to help us implement our new music course. You will help build the best possible user experience for our learners through high-quality interactive lessons.</p>
<h4><strong>🧠&nbsp; You will...</strong></h4>
<ul>
<li>Implement the new music course within the Duolingo app using embedded Unity.</li>
<li>Productionize the existing prototype, turning it into robust, release-ready code.</li>
<li>Work embedded within the Duolingo app architecture to ensure seamless integration of Unity.</li>
<li>Collaborate with designers and product partners to refine the look and feel, ensuring a high-quality, gamified user experience.</li>
<li>Proactively identify issues and opportunities to improve the learner experience.</li>
<li>Engage in rapid prototyping to test new music mechanics and interaction models.</li>
<li>Ensure technical mistakes or inconsistencies are fixed as quickly as possible.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<h4><strong>✅&nbsp; You have...</strong></h4>
<ul>
<li>Strong experience with Unity development (C#), specifically for mobile platforms (iOS/Android).</li>
<li>Background in the gaming industry with a portfolio demonstrating high-quality game feel and polish.</li>
<li>Sharp UX instincts and experience implementing complex UI/UX designs.</li>
<li>Strong business sense, with proven experience working effectively with multi-functional team members (e.g. engineers, product, and design).</li>
<li>Thrives in a fast-paced, data-driven, team-oriented environment.</li>
<li>Strong interest in Duolingo and our mission.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<h4><strong>⭐&nbsp; Exceptional candidates will have...</strong></h4>
<ul>
<li>Experience embedding Unity as a library (UaaL) into native mobile applications.</li>
<li>Background in music, music theory, or audio programming.</li>
<li>Experience in web/mobile localization workflows and tools.</li>
<li>Familiarity with mobile gaming, with an understanding of game mechanics.</li>
</ul>
<hr><div class="content-conclusion"><p class="Z7ph2">Take a peek at how we care for our employees' holistic well-being with our benefits<a class="Z7ph2" href="https://careers.duolingo.com/#benefits">&nbsp;here</a>.</p>
<p class="Z7ph2">We will do everything we can within reason to make sure that your interview takes place in an environment that fairly and accurately assesses your skills. If you need assistance or accommodation, please contact&nbsp;<a class="Z7ph2" href="mailto:accommodations@duolingo.com" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="mailto:accommodations@duolingo.com" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">accommodations@duolingo.com</a>.</p>
<p class="Z7ph2">Duolingo is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, gender (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics.</p>
<p class="Z7ph2">By applying for this position your data will be processed as per the<a class="Z7ph2" href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vTX9GKeRMOMA9Vtm0vfGibrYPYz8ysl0Dg8KSXgj\_PxeT5ChsdnNZZWtpxu4t7xillTPGnngnKCjIbV/pub">&nbsp;Duolingo Applicant Privacy Notice</a>.</p>
<p class="Z7ph2">Unfortunately, there is a rise in scammers pretending to be real Duolingo employees. Duolingo and our employees will never ask for your Social Security number, bank details, or passport info, and we’ll never ask you to deposit a check, purchase equipment, or exchange money during the interview process. Real Duolingo employees always use an email that ends in&nbsp;<strong>@duolingo.com</strong>&nbsp;or&nbsp;<strong>@recruiting.duolingo.com</strong>. Stay alert and double-check these details before sharing any information.</p>
<p class="Z7ph2">Sign up for job alerts&nbsp;<a href="http://my.greenhouse.io/users/sign\_in?job\_board=duolingo">here</a>.</p></div>