<p>As a Customer Success Associate, you will&nbsp; focus on the long term strategic relationship with our customers, drive adoption, and identify growth opportunities across a high volume of Datadog customers to ensure successful product use and retention. You’ll be an advocate for the customer internally and focus on providing a positive experience for a high volume of accounts. Associates follow a well-defined methodology to identify the customer’s unique needs and clearly convey the value of the Datadog product. As we scale our Customer Success team, furthering personal development and team success is a top priority.</p>
<p><em>At Datadog, we place value in our office culture - the relationships and collaboration it builds and the creativity it brings to the table. We operate as a hybrid workplace to ensure our Datadogs can create a work-life harmony that best fits them</em></p>
<p><strong>What You’ll Do:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Identify target opportunities, manage the full sales cycle and proactively build strategic relationships with customers and focus on retention.&nbsp;&nbsp;</li>
<li>Manage requests from your book of business such as but not limited to technical support escalations, billing questions, documentation/enablement requests to ensure a positive customer experience</li>
<li>Pivot account management strategy based on different customer requirements and needs seamlessly and efficiently</li>
<li>Act as an advisor to customers to ensure they’re leveraging the solution effectively</li>
<li>Monitor and identify usage trends to uncover renewal risks and support greater adoption rates</li>
<li>Collaborate cross-functionally with internal Datadog teams (support, product, finance, and legal)</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Who You Are:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Customer-minded, always trying to provide the most value possible</li>
<li>Driven and motivated by a career in sales with a strong desire to grow a career in Customer Success.</li>
<li>A strong communicator (written and verbal) with excellent attention to detail</li>
<li>Experienced in independently negotiating contract terms and overcoming pricing objections for up-sell/cross sell activities</li>
<li>2-5 years of experience in a customer account facing role and desire to grow a career in Customer Success</li>
<li>Passionate about building long term and lasting relationships</li>
<li>Proficiency in Vietnamese and/or Thai will be a plus</li>
</ul>
<p><em>Datadog values people from all walks of life. We understand not everyone will meet all the above qualifications on day one. That's okay. If you’re passionate about technology and want to grow your skills, we encourage you to apply.</em></p>
<p><strong>Benefits and Growth:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Best-in-breed onboarding</li>
<li>Sales training in MEDDIC and Command of the Message&nbsp;</li>
<li>An inclusive company culture, opportunity to join our Community Guilds</li>
<li>Intra-departmental mentor and buddy program for in-house networking&nbsp;</li>
<li>Continuous professional development, product training, and career pathing&nbsp;</li>
<li>New hire stock equity (RSU) and employee stock purchase plan (ESPP)</li>
<li>Generous global benefits</li>
</ul>
<p><em>Benefits and Growth listed above may vary based on the country of your employment and the nature of your employment with Datadog.</em></p>
<p style="color: white;">#LI-Hybrid</p><div class="content-conclusion"><hr>
<p><strong>About Datadog:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>Datadog (NASDAQ: DDOG) is a global SaaS business, delivering a rare combination of growth and profitability. We are on a mission to break down silos and solve complexity in the cloud age by enabling digital transformation, cloud migration, and infrastructure monitoring of our customers’ entire technology stacks. Built by engineers, for engineers, Datadog is used by organizations of all sizes across a wide range of industries. Together, we champion professional development, diversity of thought, innovation, and work excellence to empower continuous growth. Join the pack and become part of a collaborative, pragmatic, and thoughtful people-first community where we solve tough problems, take smart risks, and celebrate one another. Learn more about #DatadogLife on <a href="https://www.instagram.com/datadoghq/?hl=en" target="\_blank">Instagram</a>, <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/company/datadog" target="\_blank">LinkedIn,</a> and <a href="https://learn.datadoghq.com/" target="\_blank">Datadog Learning Center. </a></p>
<hr>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="215"><strong data-renderer-mark="true">Equal Opportunity at Datadog:</strong></p>
<p>Datadog is proud to offer <a href="https://www.eeoc.gov/sites/default/files/2023-06/22-088\_EEOC\_KnowYourRights6.12ScreenRdr.pdf" target="\_blank">equal employment opportunity</a> to everyone regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity, veteran status, and other characteristics protected by law. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. Here are our <a href="https://www.datadoghq.com/legal/candidate-legal-notices/" target="\_blank">Candidate Legal Notices</a> for your reference.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Datadog endeavors to make our Careers Page accessible to all users. If you would like to contact us regarding the accessibility of our website or need assistance completing the application process, please complete <a href="https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSeoJeduEZ2NdZF\_65uZmWUrCM-zee7yADXX1s6Xr9zAGq8iKA/viewform" target="\_blank">this form</a>. This form is for accommodation requests only and cannot be used to inquire about the status of applications.&nbsp;</p>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="662"><strong data-renderer-mark="true">Privacy and AI Guidelines:</strong></p>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="662">Any information you submit to Datadog as part of your application will be processed in accordance with Datadog’s&nbsp;<a class="c-link" href="https://www.datadoghq.com/legal/applicant-candidate-privacy/" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://www.datadoghq.com/legal/applicant-candidate-privacy/" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">Applicant and Candidate Privacy Notice</a>. For information on our AI policy, please visit <a href="https://www.datadoghq.com/legal/interviewing-at-datadog-ai-guidelines/" target="\_blank">Interviewing at Datadog AI Guidelines</a>.</p></div>