<div class="content-intro"><p><strong>Who we are&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>At Twilio, we’re shaping the future of communications, all from the comfort of our homes. We deliver innovative solutions to<a class="c-link" href="https://customers.twilio.com/" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://customers.twilio.com/" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">&nbsp;hundreds of thousands of businesses&nbsp;</a>and empower millions of developers worldwide to craft personalized customer experiences.</p>
<p>Our dedication to <a class="c-link" href="https://www.twilio.com/en-us/blog/open-work" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://www.twilio.com/en-us/blog/open-work" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">remote-first work</a>, and strong culture of connection and global inclusion means that no matter your location, you’re part of a vibrant team with diverse experiences making a global impact each day. As we continue to revolutionize how the world interacts, we’re acquiring new skills and experiences that make work feel truly rewarding. Your career at Twilio is in your hands.<br><br>We use Artificial Intelligence (AI) to help make our hiring process efficient. That said, every hiring decision is made by real Twilions!</p>
<p><span style="color: rgb(255, 255, 255);">.</span></p></div><p><strong>See yourself at Twilio</strong></p>
<p>Join the team as Twilio’s next Senior Software Engineer.</p>
<p><strong>About the job</strong></p>
<p>This position is needed&nbsp;to build and operate the critical infrastructure that powers webhook delivery across all Twilio products. You'll design features, implement system improvements, and shape the future of this high-scale platform service that dispatches billions of webhooks to customers worldwide.</p>
<p>As a Backend Engineer, you'll develop Java services and manage Kubernetes infrastructure to deliver features and improvements to Twilio Webhooks. Engineering teams at Twilio operate as autonomous mini-startups, giving you ownership and impact.&nbsp;Learn more about Twilio Webhooks: <a href="https://www.twilio.com/docs/usage/webhooks">https://www.twilio.com/docs/usage/webhooks</a></p>
<p><strong>Responsibilities</strong></p>
<p>In this role, you’ll:</p>
<ul>
<li>Design, implement, test rigorously and support microservices at scale in a collaborative environment.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Advocate for and implement operational best practices and serve on-call for the team’s services.</li>
<li>Demonstrate quickness in learning and interest in teaching others. Take part in sprint and quarterly planning ceremonies.</li>
<li>Contribute to a highly collaborative team, sharing your ideas and requesting feedback.</li>
<li>Communicate complex ideas simply through verbal and written communication.&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Qualifications&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>Twilio values diverse experiences from all kinds of industries, and we encourage everyone who meets the required qualifications to apply. If your career is just starting or hasn't followed a traditional path, don't let that stop you from considering Twilio. We are always looking for people who will bring something new to the table!</p>
<p><strong>\*Required:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>5+ years of backend development experience, preferably with Java/Python/Go.</li>
<li>Experience consuming and designing mature REST APIs.</li>
<li>Previous experience working with Cloud technologies.</li>
<li>Demonstrated cross-team communication and collaboration skills.</li>
<li>Experience with engineering best practices in all phases of the software development life cycle.&nbsp;&nbsp;</li>
<li>Experience with or interest in designing and operating reliable, scalable systems.</li>
<li>Computer Science degree or equivalent experience.</li>
<li>Work experience on a customer-facing product&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Desired:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Proven ability to work carefully and methodically on high-impact, mission-critical systems</li>
<li>Experience deploying and operating services on Kubernetes.</li>
<li>Experience building fault-tolerant backend services on top of AWS managed services (like databases, caches)</li>
<li>Experience working with high traffic, highly scalable systems and complex code bases.</li>
<li>Observability tooling (Prometheus, Grafana, Datadog, Rollbar…)&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Location</strong>&nbsp;</p>
<p>This role will be remote and based in Spain or Ireland.</p>
<p><strong>Travel&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>We prioritize connection and opportunities to build relationships with our customers and each other. For this role, you may be required to travel occasionally to participate in project or team in-person meetings.</p>
<p><strong>What We Offer</strong></p>
<p>Working at Twilio offers many benefits, including competitive pay, generous time off, ample parental and wellness leave, healthcare, a retirement savings program, and much more. Offerings vary by location.</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>Twilio thinks big. Do you?</strong></p>
<p>We like to solve problems, take initiative, pitch in when needed, and are always up for trying new things. That's why we seek out colleagues who embody our values — something we call <a href="https://www.twilio.com/company/values">Twilio Magic</a>. Additionally, we empower employees to build <a href="https://twilio.org/support-and-resources/impact-fund">positive change in their communities</a> by supporting their volunteering and donation efforts.</p>
<p>So, if you're ready to unleash your full potential, do your best work, and be the best version of yourself, apply now! If this role isn't what you're looking for, <a href="https://www.twilio.com/company/jobs#open-positions">please consider other open positions.</a></p>
<p><strong>Twilio is proud to be an equal opportunity employer.</strong> We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, reproductive health decisions, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, genetic information, political views or activity, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Qualified applicants with arrest or conviction records will be considered for employment in accordance with the Los Angeles County Fair Chance Ordinance for Employers and the California Fair Chance Act. Additionally, Twilio participates in the E-Verify program in certain locations, as required by law.</p></div>