## Your mission

<p><strong>Who we are</strong></p><p>Established in 2010, Ultralytics boasts a global presence with over 100,000 organizations worldwide using Ultralytics YOLO. At Ultralytics, we commit to the relentless innovation in the AI space and seek team members who resonate with our ambition to democratize the power of AI and make it accessible and available to all. </p><p>Our vision is to create a future where every person, regardless of means or background, has equal access to transformative AI, enabling them to seize opportunities and shape their own path. Aware that our time is finite, we strive to make a lasting impact that benefits future generations.</p><p><strong>How we work</strong></p><p>At Ultralytics, we thrive on an exciting, fast-paced journey of innovation and excellence. Our high standards inspire a level of commitment that often extends beyond the typical workday, including occasional evenings and weekends. This role is designed for extraordinary individuals who are passionate about making an impact in a dynamic start up environment and ready to contribute their best to drive our ambitious vision forward. If you’re eager to push boundaries and be at the forefront of AI advancement, we’d love to connect with you.</p>

## Your profile

<p><strong>What you'll do</strong></p><p>A Senior Talent Acquisition Lead is a strategic HR professional with a hunting mindset who oversees and drives the recruitment process to attract, engage, and retain top-tier talent. This role blends leadership, strategic foresight, and hands-on recruiting expertise to align hiring initiatives with organizational goals.</p><p>Key responsibilities include:</p><ul><li><p><strong>Strategic HR Leadership</strong>: Develop and drive people strategies that foster organizational growth, engagement, and culture.</p></li><li><p><strong>Operational Excellence</strong>: Oversee and continuously improve HR processes including onboarding, compensation, benefits, compliance, Performance Review cycles and employee lifecycle management.</p></li><li><p><strong>Data-Driven HR</strong>: Apply a strong analytical mindset and data-centric approach to HR reporting, planning, and decision-making.</p></li><li><p><strong>Communication</strong>: Act as a trusted internal and external voice with AAA-level English communication skills, transparency, and a direct, positive style.</p></li><li><p><strong>Tool Savvy</strong>: Leverage key HR tools effectively—Excel, ATS, Payroll platforms, HRIS systems, etc.—to automate processes, streamline operations and inform strategy.</p></li><li><p><strong>Problem-Solving &amp; Ownership</strong>: Take initiative as a pragmatic self-starter with a divide-and-conquer mindset. Prioritize outcomes over effort, work quickly and thoughtfully, and always maintain a frugal, efficient approach.</p></li></ul><p><strong>Your profile</strong></p><ul><li>7+ years of HR operations experience, with at least 3 years in a lead/ senior HR role</li><li>Ideally 2-3 years at HR Ops consultancy or in HRIS (e.g. customer success)</li><li>Hands-on experience managing payroll, benefits, and HR admin in a VC-funded SaaS startup</li><li>Has seen several different roles/ employers        </li><li>Proven track record in implementing scalable HR processes, compliance frameworks</li></ul><br>

## Why us?

<em>Cutting-Edge-next generation AI computer vision technology</em>: contribute to building cutting edge computer vision AI models based on the YOLO framework.<br><em>Impactful Work</em>: Shape the future of AI-powered solutions that transform industries.<br><em>Collaborative Culture</em>: Join a talented and passionate team that values open communication and innovation.<p><br></p><p><strong>Compensation and Benefits</strong></p><ul><li>Competitive salary, depending on experience and location</li><li>Time Off: 24 days paid vacation, your birthday off, plus local holidays</li><li>Home set up Allowance ($550)</li><li>A MacBook Air as your work device</li><li>Flexible work environment with hybrid option</li><li>The candidate must be eligible to work as an independent contractor in their home country </li></ul><br>