<div class="content-intro"><p><strong><em>🚀 We’re on a mission to make money work for everyone.</em></strong></p>
<p>We’re waving goodbye to the complicated and confusing ways of traditional banking.</p>
<p>After starting as a prepaid card, our product offering has grown a lot in the last 10 years in the UK. As well as&nbsp;<a href="https://monzo.com/current-account/personal">personal</a> and <a href="https://monzo.com/business-banking">business</a> bank accounts, we offer <a href="https://monzo.com/current-account/joint-account">joint accounts</a>, <a href="https://monzo.com/current-account/16-17">accounts for 16-17 year olds</a>, a <a href="https://monzo.com/current-account/under-16s">free kids account</a> and <a href="https://monzo.com/flex">credit cards</a> in the UK, with more exciting things to come beyond. Our UK customers can also <a href="https://monzo.com/savings">save</a>, <a href="https://monzo.com/investments">invest </a>and&nbsp;<a href="https://monzo.com/pensions">combine their pensions</a> with us.&nbsp;</p>
<p>With our hot coral cards and get-paid-early feature, combined with financial education on social media and our award winning customer service, we have a long history of creating magical moments for our customers!</p>
<p>We’re not about selling products - we want to solve problems and change lives through Monzo ❤️</p>
<hr>
<p>&nbsp;</p></div><p>📍Dublin, Ireland | 💰€108,800-€132,480 + <a href="https://monzo.com/careers">benefits</a>&nbsp; |<a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U62l09nB0M4"> Hear from the team</a> ✨&nbsp;</p>
<h4><strong>⭐ About the role</strong></h4>
<p>Our ambition doesn’t stop at the UK border. It’s global. We believe every part of the world needs a Monzo so we’re focused on expanding our offering, building strategies to disrupt the European market with a first-class leadership team in place. As part of this, we’re looking for a Head of Financial Health to ensure the compliant delivery of FinHealth journeys and capabilities, working closely with the existing UK team.&nbsp;</p>
<p>You will report directly to the Head of Borrowing, EU and work closely with the Director of Financial Health, UK. You will lead the Financial Health initiatives in the EU. You will act as the FinHealth lead in Europe, collaborating with the UK FinHealth team to deliver the policies, strategies, and analytics&nbsp; used to support customers in financial difficulties with Monzo. You will partner with operations, tech and credit risk leadership to deliver on a robust financial health strategy, balancing good customer outcomes whilst mitigating credit loss. This includes the whole arrears lifecycle, including pre-arrears, collections and recoveries, and across our lending products in the EU.</p>
<h4><strong>🔑 You’ll play a key role by...</strong></h4>
<ul>
<li>Working with the broader FinHealth team to ensure the effective delivery and localisation of FinHealth capabilities for European markets, aligning with local regulatory requirements and customer needs</li>
<li>Acting as the primary FinHealth lead in Europe by navigating the complex regulatory landscape of the European Union, ensuring our practices&nbsp; remain within risk appetites and comply with regional regulations</li>
<li>Owning Collections and Recoveries outcomes, balancing good customer outcomes with strong portfolio performance</li>
<li>Supporting our product and tech squads in shaping in-app journeys and features that support customers facing financial difficulties, ensuring alignment with broader Monzo strategies</li>
<li>Working with Operations to implement collections processes consistent with prescribed strategy</li>
<li>Working with&nbsp; a team of data analysts to extract insights into customer behaviour and financial performance, optimising our financial health strategies</li>
</ul>
<h4><strong>🤩 We’d love to hear from you if…</strong></h4>
<ul>
<li>You have direct experience leading collections &amp; recoveries strategies or products for a regulated lender in a European context</li>
<li>Strong understanding of the critical role collections &amp; recoveries play within the credit risk strategy of a lending business</li>
<li>Deep knowledge of European consumer credit regulations and how they differ across member states</li>
<li>Adaptability and ability to thrive in a fast-moving, dynamic company environment</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>🙌 What’s in it for you</strong></p>
<p>💰€108,800-€132,480 + benefits</p>
<p>📍This role will have a hybrid working model, based in our Dublin office</p>
<p>⏰ We offer flexible working hours and trust you to work enough hours to do your job well, and at times that suit you and your team</p>
<p>🏝 Annual Leave - 34 days including public holidays (24 holiday days + 10 public holidays)</p>
<p>📚€1,200 learning budget each year to use on books, training courses and conferences</p>
<p>🏥 Private healthcare scheme</p>
<p>💰 Pension scheme: the minimum contribution is 4% and Monzo matches any additional contributions that you make up to a maximum of 6%</p>
<p>💛 Wellbeing benefits: financial education, women’s and men’s health support, mental health benefits, including coaching and counselling</p>
<p><strong>🌈</strong><strong>&nbsp;The application journey has 4 key steps</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>30 min call with the Recruiter</li>
<li>30 min video call with the Hiring Manager</li>
<li>2 hours of technical and behavioural interviews</li>
<li>Final call with senior leadership</li>
</ul>
<p>This process should take around 2-3 weeks from your 1st interview - your schedule is really important to us, so we promise to be as flexible as possible! We have some guidelines on using Artificial Intelligence (AI) to ace an application and interview at Monzo.&nbsp;<a href="https://monzo.com/blog/the-ultimate-guide-on-using-ai-to-ace-an-interview-at-monzo">You can read them here.</a></p>
<p>#LI-MOS1</p><div class="content-conclusion"><hr>
<p><strong>Equal opportunities for everyone</strong></p>
<p>Diversity and inclusion are a priority for us and we’re making sure we have lots of support for all of our people to grow at Monzo. At Monzo, we’re embracing diversity by fostering an inclusive environment for all people to do the best work of their lives with us. This is integral to our mission of making money work for everyone. You can read more in our <a href="https://monzo.com/blog/diversity-and-inclusion">blog</a>, 2024 <a href="https://monzo.com/blog/our-2024-diversity-and-inclusion-report" target="\_blank">Diversity and Inclusion Report</a> and 2024 <a href="https://monzo.com/blog/an-update-on-our-gender-pay-gap-2024">Gender Pay Gap Report.</a></p>
<p>We’re an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be considered for employment without attention to age, ethnicity, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, family or parental status, national origin, or veteran, neurodiversity or disability status.</p>
<p>If you have a preferred name, please use it to apply. We don't need full or birth names at application stage 😊</p></div>