### **Proper AI is an AI-first accounting service built for property managers and real estate operators.**

By combining automation, technology, and a global team of accounting experts, we deliver faster, more accurate financial operations at scale.

We’re a team of builders, problem-solvers, and operators from around the world, working together to modernize one of the most critical functions in real estate.

Learn more at [Proper.ai](http://proper.ai)

**We’re seeking an Accountant II to join our team.**

Proper is seeking an Accountant with a collaborative, positive, proactive attitude, strong communication skills, and a passion for accounting in a fast-paced environment that’s continuously evolving.

If that sounds like you and you’re excited by the idea of joining a world-class team that’s passionate about growing together, we look forward to hearing from you.

Proper is a San Francisco-based tech startup. **This position will be based remotely in Colombia**

**Department: Accounting Operations**

The accounting department is the engine of the company that provides property management accounting services to clients of Proper.  They perform everyday accounting functions like payables and receivables, to monthly processes that flow into the final financial statements for the end users.

## Roles and Responsabilities

- Responsible for completion of process steps for processing accounts payable and receivable of customers.
- Responsible for pulling bank statements and **matching** all transactions into the software for bank reconciliations.
- Understanding the difference between matched and unmatched transactions.
- Responsible for following the protocols & SOPs established by the company for ensuring quality in daily operations.

## For AP

- Process daily invoices from clients email into our system.
- Use of the Proper tool for processing Appfolio clients and track sheet recording for non-tool software clients.
- Identify duplicate invoices and escalate to manager when needed.
- Validate if vendors are updated in the system for correct processing.

## For AR

- Validate tenant payment is in system.
- Correctly post payments into the system.
- Be able to identify errors and correct them when needed. Escalates team related processing issues, questions, inquiries, or blockers to the Senior Accountant.

## For Bank Recs

- Pull bank statements on a weekly basis.
- Identify and **match** all transactions from the clients in the software.
- Identify and **flag unmatched** and stale dated transactions (checks remain uncleared for 90 days or longer) to teams General Accountant for follow-up.
- Ensure that transactions are processed correctly and escalated when necessary.

## Communication

- Interfaces with Senior Accountant and GAs; and communicates processing needs.
- Escalates accounting related questions, inquiries, and blockers that impact processing to the Senior Accountant.

*Proper is proud to be an equal opportunity employer committed to creating a diverse environment to work by offering the same opportunities to all applicants regardless of gender, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, disability, national origins, marital status, or other characteristics. We base our talent search exclusively on competencies, abilities and potential.*