<p><strong>This is Adyen</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Adyen provides payments, data, and financial products in a single solution for customers like Meta, Uber, H&amp;M, and Microsoft - making us the financial technology platform of choice. At Adyen, everything we do is engineered for ambition.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">For our teams, we create an environment with opportunities for our people to succeed, backed by the culture and support to ensure they are enabled to truly own their careers. We are motivated individuals who tackle unique technical challenges at scale and solve them as a team. Together, we deliver innovative and ethical solutions that help businesses achieve their ambitions faster.</span></p>
<p><strong>Head of Travel &amp; Mobility</strong></p>
<p><strong>TLDR: </strong>Own customer strategy; lead the way on where we play, how we win and who we win with in a vertical.</p>
<p><strong>About the Role&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>The Head of Travel &amp; Mobility is responsible for Adyen’s long-term strategy and overall performance for the Vertical.&nbsp;</p>
<p>The role is a part of the broader Commercial Strategy &amp; GTM team at Adyen. Our team mission is to position Adyen as the global fintech leader and to grow our commercial success within and across our key verticals.&nbsp;</p>
<p>The Head of Travel &amp; Mobility will play a critical role in our success by driving the commercial strategy and revenue growth initiatives for net new business acquisition as well as growth of existing customers within the vertical.&nbsp;</p>
<p>The ideal candidate will have a strong background in payments, financial services and Travel &amp; Mobility vertical experience. They should also have exceptional strategic thinking abilities, acute analytical depth and a proven track record of driving commercial success.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>What you’ll do</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Responsible for the health and performance of the Travel &amp; Mobility vertical; you will operate as the General Manager of this vertical.</li>
<li>Define and drive the global commercial strategy for the vertical. This includes developing a GTM strategy to determine where, who, what, when and how to sell to merchants. You will also actively partner with regional heads to understand market nuances and with our commercial teams to execute flawlessly.</li>
<li>Be the vertical owner for all leadership updates to the Management / Supervisory Board / GLT.</li>
<li>Be the de facto customer leader for Adyen in this vertical, e.g. join strategic customer meetings, champion strategic customer initiatives, etc.</li>
<li>Analyze vertical specific customer behavior to identify opportunities for product and service innovation and differentiation.</li>
<li>As the voice of customer for the vertical, work closely with the Offering team to champion the vertical by:</li>
<ul>
<li>Providing vertical trends, opportunities and customer pain points to inform needs as input to product prioritization</li>
<li>Inform product pricing strategies and packaging strategies to maximize profitability and market share within the vertical&nbsp;</li>
<li>Providing the vertical nuance to global commercial enablement&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<li>Develop and maintain customer segmentation to identify and pursue opportunities for revenue growth and market expansion.</li>
<li>Inform vertical and broader Adyen strategies with the latest industry trends, emerging technologies, and regulatory changes that may impact the vertical, and proactively identify strategic opportunities or risks.</li>
<li>Act as industry thought leader by speaking at events and contributing to content.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Who you are</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>10+ experience in Travel &amp; Mobility</li>
<li>Have a strong point of view on what winning looks like in this vertical and how to tackle current blockers</li>
<li>Experience and passion for GTM strategy &amp; execution</li>
<li>Strong verbal communication skills and executive presence with the ability to lead through influence and collaborate across functions</li>
<li>Exceptional written communication skills, including the development of compelling value stories to customers as well as the articulation of strategies to internal stakeholders</li>
<li>Ability to navigate ambiguity and thrive in a fast-paced environment</li>
<li>Desire to engage with cross-functional partners across products and regions.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Our Diversity, Equity and Inclusion commitments&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Our unique approach is a product of our diverse perspectives. This diversity of backgrounds and cultures is essential in helping us maintain our momentum. Our business and technical challenges are unique, and we need as many different voices as possible to join us in solving them - voices like yours. No matter who you are or where you’re from, we welcome you to be your true self at Adyen.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Studies show that women and members of underrepresented communities apply for jobs only if they meet 100% of the qualifications. Does this sound like you? If so, Adyen encourages you to reconsider and apply. We look forward to your application!</span></p>
<p><strong>What’s next?</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Ensuring a smooth and enjoyable candidate experience is critical for us. We aim to get back to you regarding your application within 5 business days. Our interview process tends to take about 4 weeks to complete, but may fluctuate depending on the role. </span><a href="https://careers.adyen.com/how-we-hire"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Learn more about our hiring process here</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">. Don’t be afraid to let us know if you need more flexibility.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Adyen is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate based on race, color, ethnicity, ancestry, national origin, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, age, disability, veteran status, genetic information, marital status or any legally protected status.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">This role is based out of our Amsterdam office. We are an office-first company and value in-person collaboration; we do not offer remote-only roles.</span></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>