<h2><strong>The role</strong></h2>
<p>HelloFresh is looking for a FSQA Manager - Quality Surveillance (all genders) to serve as the central technical expert for microbiological safety, food fraud management, and ingredient quality. As part of the FSQA Compliance, Processes and Systems team, you will oversee the global micro-testing procedure implementation, manage the internal quality laboratory and implement quality and safety improvement processes such as destructive testing, cooking instruction validations etc . This role is essential for mitigating operational and legal risks, preventing food safety incidents, and protecting the HelloFresh brand reputation.</p>
<p>Above all, we are looking for people who will make HelloFresh better. We believe there are many different ways of developing skills and we love diverse experiences! So even if you don’t “tick all the boxes” but think you’d thrive in this role, we would like to learn more about you.</p>
<h2>&nbsp;</h2>
<h2><strong>What you’ll do</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li data-start="2" data-end="193">You lead the global centralization of processes by finalizing the worldwide tender for micro testing and food fraud services, ensuring consistent standards across all international markets.</li>
<li data-start="196" data-end="377">Moreover, you implement and deploy central procedures locally, achieving and maintaining high standards within the surveillance program and driving ingredient quality improvement.</li>
<li data-start="380" data-end="607">You own compliance and surveillance by overseeing the legally required global ingredient testing program, including the collection and analysis of micro testing reports to prevent food safety incidents and pathogen outbreaks.</li>
<li data-start="610" data-end="789">In addition, you monitor supplier performance by managing corrective actions following non-compliant results and using these insights to strengthen supplier food safety systems.</li>
<li data-start="792" data-end="967">You establish and oversee the destructive testing strategy across HelloFresh Distribution Centers, enabling deeper analysis of critical ingredients and reducing error rates.</li>
<li data-start="970" data-end="1187">Furthermore, you support product innovation by running key quality and scientific tests from the headquarters lab for new and existing ingredient development, ensuring stability and consistency before market launch.</li>
<li data-start="1190" data-end="1406">Finally, you champion continuous improvement by collaborating closely with the Product team to analyze error rates and customer feedback trends, directly linking quality data to improvements in customer satisfaction.</li>
</ul>
<h2>&nbsp;</h2>
<h2><strong>What you’ll bring</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li data-start="2" data-end="123">Deep subject matter expertise in food safety, with the ability to critically assess ingredient safety and quality risks</li>
<li data-start="126" data-end="260">Strong data proficiency, including advanced data analysis and confident use of Google Sheets for global reporting and sampling plans</li>
<li data-start="263" data-end="371">Hands-on laboratory experience conducting quality, scientific, stability, and ingredient development tests</li>
<li data-start="374" data-end="487">Proven experience in creating, maintaining, and scaling global sampling plans and centralized testing processes</li>
<li data-start="490" data-end="628">Strong risk mitigation capabilities, including identifying quality flaws (e.g. spoilage, internal damage) and driving corrective actions</li>
<li data-start="631" data-end="774">Excellent communication, collaboration, and stakeholder management skills, with the ability to influence, present ideas, and lead discussions</li>
<li data-start="777" data-end="916">Strong analytical, problem-solving, and change management skills, paired with adaptability and ownership in fast-paced, global environments</li>
</ul>
<h2>&nbsp;</h2>
<h2><strong>What we offer</strong></h2>
<p>Elevate your lifestyle! Join one of Europe's fastest-growing tech powerhouses in a dynamic phase of expansion.</p>
<ul>
<li>Immerse yourself in a diverse global community of 90+ nationalities.</li>
<li>Enjoy a competitive compensation package that goes beyond the norm, with perks like a HelloFresh- subsidized Pension Scheme, Berlin relocation support, and a Hybrid working model.</li>
<li>Elevate your lifestyle with exclusive discounts on your weekly HelloFresh box and office meals.</li>
<li>Invest in your growth with an annual learning &amp; development budget, German language learning budget, and access to the HelloFresh Academy.</li>
<li>Plus, we've got your well-being covered with mental health support, transportation perks, and working-parent-friendly benefits. From our 24/7 gym access,wellbeing platforms like Headspace and Spill, to sabbatical leave options, HelloFresh is not just a workplace; it's a lifestyle of perks and possibilities!</li>
</ul>
<h2>&nbsp;</h2>
<h2><strong>Are you up for the challenge?</strong></h2>
<p style="text-align: justify;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Please submit your complete application below including your salary expectations and earliest starting date.</span></p>
<p style="text-align: justify;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">After submitting an application our team will review this and get back to you within 5 business days.&nbsp;</span></p>