<div class="content-intro"><h3><strong>About Us at GoCardless</strong></h3>
<p>GoCardless is a <strong>global bank payment</strong> company. Over <strong>100,000 businesses</strong>, from start-ups to household names, use GoCardless to collect and send payments through direct debit, real-time payments and open banking.&nbsp;</p>
<p>GoCardless processes <strong>US$130bn+</strong> of payments annually, across <strong>30+ countries</strong>; helping customers collect and send both <strong>recurring</strong> and <strong>one-off payments</strong>, without the chasing, stress or expensive fees. We use AI-powered solutions to improve payment success and reduce fraud. And, with open banking connectivity to over <strong>2,500 banks</strong>, we help our customers make faster, more informed decisions.</p>
<p>We are headquartered in the<strong> UK</strong> with offices in <strong>London</strong> and <strong>Leeds</strong>, and additional locations in <strong>Australia, France, Ireland, Latvia, Portugal</strong> and the <strong>United States.</strong></p>
<p>At GoCardless, we're all about <strong>supporting you</strong>! We’re committed to making our hiring process <strong>inclusive</strong> and <strong>accessible</strong>. If you need extra support or adjustments, reach out to your <strong>Talent Partner</strong> — we’re here to help!&nbsp;</p>
<p>And remember: we don’t expect you to meet every single requirement. If you’re excited by this role, <strong>we encourage you to apply!</strong></p></div><h2><strong>The Role</strong></h2>
<p>As an SDR, your main goal will be to prospect and qualify new business opportunities with senior decision-makers across the UK&amp;I. You will work highly collaboratively with experienced Sales Account Executives to win new business.&nbsp;</p>
<p>You will be responsible for introducing GoCardless to new customers, identifying their pains, uncovering opportunities, and growing the pipeline through email outreach, LinkedIn messaging, video and phone calls. This will entail researching and identifying relevant stakeholders in the sales decision-making process.&nbsp;</p>
<h3><strong>The Training</strong></h3>
<p>You don't necessarily need prior experience although having some sales, customer facing experience in any setting (recruitment, property sales, B2B, B2C) would be a plus. GoCardless will train you to become an expert on the value proposition and the market.</p>
<h3><strong>The Growth</strong>&nbsp;</h3>
<p>Tech/SaaS sales is a career with a clear growth path. GoCardless provides you with an opportunity to progress into a closing Account Executive role over time.&nbsp;</p>
<h3><strong>The Team</strong></h3>
<p>This role will be part of an established, high performing and collaborative SDR team that consistently overachieves against their targets.</p>
<h3><strong>What excites you</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Introducing how GoCardless can make a real difference to new customers</li>
<li>Passionately articulating GoCardless’ value proposition in new sectors</li>
<li>Nurturing prospects through to a fully qualified lead</li>
<li>Thinking creatively about how best to engage new customers</li>
<li>Maintaining and tracking your activity on Salesforce.com</li>
<li>Developing the skills necessary for promotion to a closing or leadership position</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>What excites us</strong>&nbsp;</h3>
<ul>
<li>Experience in an outbound B2B sales role is always beneficial</li>
<li>Experience in customer-facing roles and competitive target oriented environment is beneficial</li>
<li>Highly motivated to maximise activity and to overachieve targets</li>
<li>Entrepreneurial mind-set with a hunger to succeed</li>
<li>Experience using Salesforce, working in a start-up or FinTech company are all beneficial&nbsp;</li>
<li>You can talk passionately about what GoCardless does&nbsp;</li>
<li>You are good at finding ways to motivate yourself and teammates. We pride ourselves on positivity and camaraderie&nbsp;</li>
<li>You embody the core values of GoCardless</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Base salary range:</strong> £27,976 - £40,800 + OTE</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>Base salary ranges are based on role, job level, location, and market data.&nbsp; Please note that whilst we strive to offer competitive compensation, our approach is to pay between the <span style="text-decoration: underline;">minimum and the mid-point</span> of the pay range until performance can be assessed in role. Offers will take into account level of experience, interview assessment, budgets and parity between you and fellow employees at GoCardless doing similar work.</p><div class="content-conclusion"><h3><strong>The Good Stuff!</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li><strong>Wellbeing</strong>: Dedicated support and medical cover to keep you healthy.</li>
<li><strong>Work Away Scheme</strong>: Work from anywhere for up to 90 days in any 12-month period.</li>
<li><strong>Hybrid Working</strong>: Our hybrid model offers flexibility, with in-office days determined by your team.</li>
<li><strong>Equity</strong>: All permanently employed GeeCees get equity to share in our success.</li>
<li><strong>Parental leave</strong>: Tailored leave to support your life's great adventure.</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><strong data-stringify-type="bold">Time off:</strong>&nbsp;Annual holiday leave based on your location, supplemented by 3 volunteer days and 4 wellness days.</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>Life at GoCardless </strong></h3>
<p>We're an organisation defined by our&nbsp;<a class="c-link" href="https://gocardless.com/g/values-operating-principles/" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://gocardless.com/g/values-operating-principles/" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">values</a>; We <strong>start with why</strong> before we begin any project, to ensure it’s aligned with our mission. We <strong>make it happen</strong>, working with urgency and taking personal accountability for getting things done. We <strong>act with integrity</strong>, always. We <strong>care deeply</strong> about what we do and we know it's essential that we <strong>be humble</strong> whilst we do it. Our Values form part of the GoCardless DNA, and are used to not only help us nurture and develop our culture, but to deliver impactful work that will help us to achieve our vision.</p>
<h3><strong>Diversity &amp; Inclusion</strong></h3>
<p>We’re building the <strong>payment network of the future</strong>, and to achieve our goal, we need a <strong>diverse team</strong> with a range of perspectives and experiences. As of July 2024, here’s where we stand:</p>
<ul>
<li>45% identify as women&nbsp;</li>
<li>23% identify as Black, Asian, Mixed, or Other&nbsp;</li>
<li>10% identify as LGBTQIA+&nbsp;</li>
<li>9% identify as neurodiverse&nbsp;</li>
<li>2% identify as disabled&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p>If you want to learn more, you can read about our Employee Resource Groups and objectives <a href="https://gocardless.com/about/diversity-inclusion/">here</a> as well as our latest<a href="https://gocardless.com/assets/40w0m41bmydz/3hqJy4SUqZqW3BmBHlESUe/d1c7932b97b8a8ebcd0fb07418432fe9/GoCardless\_Diversity\_\_\_Inclusion\_Report\_2022.pdf"> </a><a href="https://assets.ctfassets.net/40w0m41bmydz/zGxwfm2rTwqXV4bwOMODR/8c303a244c90e49c9fa7c2ede11cf1e6/GoCardless\_Diversity\_and\_Inclusion\_Report\_20230731\_\_1\_.pdf" target="\_blank">D&amp;I Report</a><strong>&nbsp;</strong></p>
<h3><strong>Sustainability at GoCardless</strong></h3>
<p>We’re committed to reducing our&nbsp;<strong>environmental impact</strong> and leaving a sustainable world for future generations. As co-founders of the <strong>Tech Zero coalition</strong>, we’re working towards a <strong>climate-positive future</strong>. Check out our sustainability<a href="https://gocardless.com/sustainability/" target="\_blank"> action plan</a> here.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Find out more about Life at GoCardless via <a href="https://x.com/gocardless" target="\_blank">X</a>,<a href="http://instagram.com/lifeatgocardless" target="\_blank"> Instagram</a> and<a href="http://linkedin.com/company/gocardless" target="\_blank"> LinkedIn</a>.&nbsp;</strong></p></div>