<h2><strong>Job Description</strong></h2>
<p>As a HR Business Partner, you will act as the primary HR contact and trusted advisor in our distribution center, partnering closely with site leadership and employees to drive people-centric initiatives, ensure compliance, and create a positive work environment by fostering a safe, inclusive, and performance-driven workplace culture.&nbsp;</p>
<p>This role is based in Eastern Creek and reporting to the Head of HR Operations</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>You will…</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Serve as the first point of contact for all HR matters at the site</li>
<li>Coach and advise (senior) managers on all HR related matters along the employee life cycle</li>
<li>Lead local implementation of HR processes such as annual reviews, training and succession planning</li>
<li>Develop and implement core HR policies and procedures tailored to site needs, in alignment with company standards</li>
<li>Drive business-aligned people strategies by immersing yourself in business unit operations and translating stakeholder KPIs into measurable HR interventions.</li>
<li>Support recruitment activities in collaboration with central Talent Acquisition</li>
<li>Build leadership capability by coaching managers through complex people challenges, performance, conflict, and team dynamics, to build their own leadership muscle.</li>
<li>Drive employee engagement through analysing results at site and business unit level, and partnering with managers to develop targeted action plans that drive measurable improvement.</li>
<li>Deliver people analytics to business leadership by analysing absenteeism, turnover, retention, exit interview, and engagement data.</li>
<li>Act as a custodian of culture and values, embedding them into business processes and acting as an early-warning system for morale or cultural issues.</li>
<li>Manage employee relations matters by providing timely, consistent, and legally sound advice on performance management, misconduct, and grievances.</li>
<li>Lead and support change management, partnering with business leaders to plan and execute organisational changes with clear communication and support.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>You have…</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>You have at least 3-5 years of professional experience in operational HR work, ideally in a fast-paced company with a modern people culture - preferably in logistics, warehousing or manufacturing environment</li>
<li>A tertiary qualification in Human Resources, Business, Psychology, or a related discipline.</li>
<li>Strong coaching capability with experience in developing manager capability across performance, conflict, and leadership challenges.</li>
<li>Hands-on approach with strong interpersonal and communication skills</li>
<li>Proven experience using people data and analytics to diagnose workforce trends and drive business decisions.</li>
<li>Strong business acumen, demonstrating an ability to align HR activity to business unit goals and KPIs.</li>
<li>Proficiency in MS Office or G-Drive apps and experience with HRIS tools (e.g., SAP, Workday)</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>You are…</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>A natural coach who empowers managers and builds capability across the business.</li>
<li>You are highly team-oriented and apply your strong advisory skills, as well as your ability to solve problems and resolve conflicts effectively</li>
<li>You are a creative and empathetic individual with a keen interest in continuous improvement</li>
<li>Data-driven and comfortable presenting people metrics to senior leadership.</li>
<li>Legally astute, providing consistent and compliant advice on employee relations matters.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>What you’ll get in return…&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>The chance to have a significant impact in a leading global food technology company</li>
<li>Egoless environment, constant learning with room for personal growth</li>
<li>Free access to Headspace</li>
<li>Internal learning &amp; development&nbsp;</li>
<li>A diverse and vibrant international environment, with offices in 18 countries</li>
<li>Company discount - 70% off HelloFresh &amp; 40% off Youfoodz</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Start Date: </strong>Immediately available - Can wait a notice period</p>
<p><strong>Duration: </strong>Permanent full time role. You must have the right to work full-time in Australia</p>
<p><strong>Location: Eastern Creek, </strong>Sydney Distribution Center</p>
<p><strong>Salary: </strong>Competitive salary &amp; employee benefits</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><br><br></p>