<p><strong>About SumUp</strong></p>
<p>We believe in the everyday hero.</p>
<p>Small business owners are at the heart of all we do, so we're creating tools that help them run their businesses. With a founder’s mentality and a 'team-first’ attitude, our diverse teams across Europe, South America and the United States work together to ensure that the small business owners we partner with can be successful doing what they love.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Team Description</strong></p>
<p>The <strong>Lending team </strong>offers a fair, easy, timely, and financially<strong> relevant lending experience to small merchants.</strong> Empower small business owners to manage their financing independently of the stage of their business, either funding their growth, managing their cash flow,w or covering their operational costs. Enable capital to be available to our merchants and consumers, always and everywhere.</p>
<p>We are looking for our new Senior Engineer for our team responsible for developing and maintaining the backend two important pieces of our products: Risk Assessment and Dunning &amp; Collection. This includes designing, implementing, and testing new features, as well as improving the performance and scalability of existing ones.</p>
<p><strong>What you’ll do</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>The goal is to improve the functionality and user experience of SumUp's lending platform and to ensure that it meets the needs of our merchants.</li>
<li>Design and develop Risk Assessment and Dunning &amp; Collection micro-services, considering differences between markets;</li>
<li>Improve the performance and scalability of the systems;</li>
<li>Design and develop integration with external partners to enable growth.</li>
<li>Contribute to the development of a high-performing team.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>You’ll be great for this role if</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>More than 4 years of experience as a Software Engineer</li>
<li>Experience with Golang or other OOP languages such as Java, Kotlin, Python, etc.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Experience in creating and maintaining simple components in React.</li>
<li>Experience with RESTful API design and development.</li>
<li>Experience with Git and Git workflows.</li>
<li>Experience with SQL and NoSQL databases, such as PostgreSQL</li>
</ul>
<p><strong><em>It will be an awesome add</em></strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Good English communication skills to engage in technical refinements with an international team</li>
<li>Experience in a fintech/startup environment</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Why you should join SumUp</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Opportunity to work with a truly global, multicultural team (we are 3000+ people from 93 countries, spread across 4 continents).</li>
<li>Learning &amp; development budget for attending conferences and external training</li>
<li>Competitive salary package and virtual stock option program</li>
<li>Office relaxation activities such as yoga and massages regular brunches, football events, and office parties</li>
<li>23 days paid vacation days</li>
<li>Additional health insurance and Multisport card</li>
<li>Restaurant ticket</li>
<li>An amazing team and work environment that works with passion and purpose to achieve incredible results</li>
</ul>
<p><em>SumUp is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer that proudly pursues and hires a diverse workforce. SumUp does not make hiring or employment decisions on the basis of race, colour, religion or religious belief, ethnic or national origin, nationality, sex, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, disability, age, or any other basis protected by applicable laws or prohibited by company policy. SumUp also strives for a healthy and safe workplace and strictly prohibits harassment of any kind.</em></p>
<p><em>SumUp will not accept unsolicited resumes from any source other than directly from a candidate</em></p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>Job Application Tip</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We recognise that candidates feel they need to meet 100% of the job criteria in order to apply for a job. Please note that this is only a guide. If you don’t tick every box, it’s ok too because it means you have room to learn and develop your career at SumUp.</span></p></div>