<p data-path-to-node="3">Our sales team is committed to customer centricity by focusing on understanding and meeting the unique needs and aspirations of each customer. We prioritize delivering exceptional value through tailored solutions and strategic partnerships. By fostering a collaborative environment across all go-to-market functions, we engage in value selling, ensuring that every interaction enhances and maximizes the customer experience.</p>
<p data-path-to-node="4">The New Business Team focuses on prospects and customers early in their journey with Asana, running ‘at scale’ sales motions to engage and onboard our customers to increase adoption, engagement, and identify opportunities for expansion.</p>
<p data-path-to-node="5">This role is based in our Dublin office with an office-centric hybrid schedule. The standard in-office days are Monday, Tuesday, and Thursday. Most Asanas have the option to work from home on Wednesdays. Working from home on Fridays depends on the type of work you do and the teams with which you partner. If you're interviewing for this role, your recruiter will share more about the in-office requirements.</p>
<h3 data-path-to-node="6"><strong data-path-to-node="6" data-index-in-node="0">What you’ll achieve</strong></h3>
<ul data-path-to-node="7">
<li>
<p data-path-to-node="7,0,0">Proactively manage a wide range of customers early in their journey with Asana to ensure long-term success.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-path-to-node="7,1,0">Prioritize and segment your accounts to identify high-propensity opportunities for growth and expansion.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-path-to-node="7,2,0">Develop and execute strategic plans to achieve your incremental ARR targets.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-path-to-node="7,3,0">Build and maintain strong relationships within your top accounts to increase adoption and retention across your account base.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-path-to-node="7,4,0">Target "white space" accounts using persona-driven or vertical outbound prospecting motions.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-path-to-node="7,5,0">Collaborate cross-functionally to follow up on inbound opportunities and manage weekly, monthly, and quarterly forecasting cadences.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-path-to-node="7,6,0">Build and own your pipeline and overall book of business growth, ensuring a predictable sales engine.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-path-to-node="7,7,0">Deepen your sales expertise by navigating a high-velocity environment and mastering Asana’s value-selling methodology.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<h3 data-path-to-node="8"><strong data-path-to-node="8" data-index-in-node="0">About you</strong></h3>
<ul data-path-to-node="9">
<li>
<p data-path-to-node="9,0,0">You have 1+ years of closing experience in a high-velocity sales environment.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-path-to-node="9,1,0">Professional-level fluency in both<strong> German and English</strong> is required for this role.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-path-to-node="9,2,0">You possess a proven track record of meeting or exceeding weekly, monthly, and quarterly targets.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-path-to-node="9,3,0">You are experienced in outbound prospecting and have the ability to build comprehensive territory and account plans.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-path-to-node="9,4,0">You are familiar with modern sales tools such as Salesforce, Outreach, and Sales Navigator.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-path-to-node="9,5,0">You are an excellent communicator and negotiator, able to articulate value propositions and confidently handle objections.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-path-to-node="9,6,0">You are highly motivated and thrive in fast-paced environments, leveraging adaptability to drive results.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-path-to-node="9,7,0">Demonstrates curiosity about AI tools and emerging technologies, with a willingness to learn and leverage them to enhance productivity, collaboration, or decision-making.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<h3 data-path-to-node="10"><strong data-path-to-node="10" data-index-in-node="0">What we’ll offer</strong></h3>
<p data-path-to-node="11">Our comprehensive compensation package plays a big part in how we recognize you for the impact you have on our path to achieving our mission. We believe that compensation should be reflective of the value you create relative to the market value of your role. To ensure pay is fair and not impacted by biases, we're committed to looking at market value which is why we check ourselves and conduct a yearly pay equity audit.</p>
<p data-path-to-node="12">For this role, the On-Target Earnings (OTE) range is <strong data-path-to-node="12" data-index-in-node="53">€103,000 - €115,000</strong>. The total OTE includes a base salary range of <strong data-path-to-node="12" data-index-in-node="110">€56,000 - €63,000</strong>&nbsp;and performance-based sales incentive pay (based on the terms of the Sales Incentive Plan). These ranges are a guideline; actual base salary and OTE may vary based on various factors, including market and individual qualifications objectively assessed during the interview process, and the ranges for this role may be modified.</p>
<p data-path-to-node="13">In addition, your compensation package may include additional components such as equity and benefits. If you're interviewing for this role, speak with your recruiter to learn more about the total compensation and benefits for this role.</p>
<p data-path-to-node="14">We strive to provide equitable and competitive benefits packages that support our employees worldwide and include:</p>
<ul data-path-to-node="15">
<li>
<p data-path-to-node="15,0,0">Mental health, wellness &amp; fitness benefits</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-path-to-node="15,1,0">Career coaching &amp; support</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-path-to-node="15,2,0">Inclusive family building benefits</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-path-to-node="15,3,0">Long-term savings or retirement plans</p>
</li>
<li>
<p data-path-to-node="15,4,0">In-office culinary options to cater to your dietary preferences</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p data-path-to-node="16">#LI-Hybrid #LI-BM</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>About us</strong></p>
<p data-pm-slice="1 1 []">Asana is a leading platform for human + AI collaboration. Millions of teams around the world rely on Asana to achieve their most important goals, faster. Asana has been named to Fortune's Best Workplaces for 7+ years and recognized by Fast Company, Forbes, and Gartner for excellence in workplace culture and innovation. We offer an exceptional office-centric culture while adopting the best elements of hybrid models to ensure that every one of our global team members can work together effortlessly. With 13+ offices all over the world, we are always looking for individuals who care about building technology that drives positive change in the world and a culture where everyone feels that they belong.</p>
<p data-pm-slice="1 1 []"><strong><a class="LinkThemeablePresentation LinkPrimaryPresentation LinkPrimaryPresentation--sentimentSelected PrimaryLink HighlightSol HighlightSol--core HighlightSol--buildingBlock" href="https://www.gem.com/form?formID=fbcdec8c-3442-43b9-9b45-d2b5f4ea25db" target="\_blank">Join Asana’s Talent Network</a></strong>&nbsp;to stay up to date on job opportunities and life at Asana.</p></div>