<div class="content-intro"><p>At Trustpilot, we're on an incredible journey. We're a profitable, high-growth FTSE-250 company with a big vision: to become the universal symbol of trust. We run the world's largest independent consumer review platform, and while we've come a long way, there's still so much exciting work to do. Come join us at the heart of trust!</p></div><p></p>
<p>As a Head of Talent Acquisition at Trustpilot, you will be responsible for translating organisational strategy into actionable talent plans, owning the end-to-end hiring strategy for our Product, Tech &amp; Digital Enablement functions. You will work directly with the Technology Steering Committee and other cross-functional areas to anticipate needs, shape plans, and oversee delivery across regions.&nbsp;</p>
<p>This integral role demands an outstanding leader with experience managing a Product, Tech &amp; Digital Enablement TA team, focused on strategic planning, TA transformation, innovation, and ensuring strong operational delivery. You will be instrumental in leading, developing, and growing a team of TA Partners, ensuring we secure the diverse, high-calibre talent essential for Trustpilot’s next phase of scale.</p>
<p><strong>What you’ll be doing:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Own the end-to-end hiring strategy for our Product, Tech &amp; Digital Enablement functions, serving as the subject matter expert on market trends and talent availability.</li>
<li>Act as a true strategic partner to the Product, Tech &amp; Digital Enablement Leadership Teams, regularly presenting on talent risks, opportunities, and strategic progress against hiring objectives.</li>
<li>Lead and own a defined category of talent acquisition projects across the entire TA function, ensuring consistent, scalable practices that support all functional hiring teams.</li>
<li>Lead the design and execution of proactive sourcing pipelines and market maps ahead of hiring demand, ensuring the business stays ahead of future capability needs and succession risks.</li>
<li>Develop deep knowledge of the Product, Tech &amp; Digital Enablement organisation’s operating model, revenue motions, and talent requirements, using these insights to shape strategic hiring recommendations.</li>
<li>Collaborate closely with Business Partners (BPs) and Workforce Planning to proactively anticipate future talent needs and ensure the successful and timely delivery of all hiring goals across relevant regions.</li>
<li>Lead, develop, and grow a dedicated team of TA Partners aligned to the Product, Tech &amp; Digital Enablement function, elevating their capability in strategic sourcing, market insight, and consultative stakeholder management.</li>
<li>Be a key member of the TA Leadership team, actively championing and implementing initiatives to evolve TA practices that raise the bar.</li>
<li>Confidently influence and advise business stakeholders on effective recruitment best practices, resource allocation, and inclusive hiring methodologies.</li>
<li>Drive and report on key TA metrics (e.g., Time-to-Hire, Quality of Hire, Diversity) to ensure accountability and continuous process improvement.</li>
<li>Stay deeply connected to the external Product, Tech &amp; Digital Enablement talent market, bringing insights on industry trends, competitive dynamics, and emerging talent behaviours to the Product, Tech &amp; Digital Enablement Leadership Team and wider TA organisation.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Who you are:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Extensive experience leading and managing Talent Acquisition teams across multiple regions or markets.</li>
<li>Deep expertise in driving TA innovation; demonstrated ability to work autonomously and strategically evolve existing policies and procedures&nbsp;</li>
<li>Proven capability to integrate TA strategy with other key functions, particularly Workforce Planning and senior Leadership, ensuring proactive resource allocation, risk mitigation, and the timely delivery of talent aligned with future business needs.</li>
<li>Profound subject matter expertise in all elements of Talent Acquisition, utilising solid networking and innovative sourcing methodologies to map the competitive talent landscape and inform organisational decision-making.</li>
<li>Proven ability to lead and drive high-impact projects across the TA function.</li>
<li>Ability to coach, mentor, and actively develop TA Partners, significantly elevating their expertise in strategic sourcing and consultative stakeholder management.</li>
<li>Strong business acumen with the ability to understand business performance drivers, identify capability gaps, and translate functional insight into forward-looking talent strategies.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>What’s in it for you:</strong></p>
<p></p>
<ul>
<li>A range of flexible working options to dedicate time to what matters to you</li>
<li>Competitive compensation package + bonus</li>
<li>25 days holiday per year, with an extra 5 days holiday allocated after your 1 year anniversary (prorated)&nbsp;</li>
<li>Two (paid) volunteering days a year to spend your time giving back to the causes that matter to you and your community</li>
<li>Rich learning and development opportunities are supported through the Trustpilot Academy and Blinkist</li>
<li>Comprehensive health package, pension, and full access to Headspace, a popular mindfulness app to promote positive mental health</li>
<li>Paid parental leave</li>
<li>Central office with&nbsp; a laid-back vibe and constant buzz of different languages being spoken everywhere you go It’s complete with a coffee bar, canteen, and table tennis and has a wide variety of refreshments available - you can opt-in for breakfast and lunch at an affordable price</li>
<li>Regular opportunities to connect and get to know your fellow Trusties, including company-wide celebrations and events, ERG activities, and team socials</li>
<li>Opportunity to join the Trustpilot Social Club for a small monthly fee and attend regular social and leisure activities like go-karting, cooking classes, and escape rooms&nbsp;</li>
<li>Employee discounts to restaurants and shops</li>
<li>Tailored leadership development program consisting of workshops, coaching opportunities, and structured feedback mechanisms to enable world-class leadership</li>
</ul>
<p></p>
<p><strong>Still not sure?</strong></p>
<p>We want to be a part of creating a more diverse, equitable, and inclusive world of work for all. We’re excited to hear about your experiences along with how you will contribute to our working culture. Even if you don’t feel you meet all the requirements, we'd still really like to hear from you!</p>
<p>#LI-SK1</p>
<p></p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>About us</strong></p>
<p>Trustpilot began in 2007 with a simple yet powerful idea that is more relevant today than ever — to be the universal symbol of trust, bringing consumers and businesses together through reviews. Trustpilot is open, independent, and impartial — we help consumers make the right choices and businesses to build trust, grow and improve.</p>
<p>Today, we have more than 300 million reviews and 64 million monthly active users on average across the globe, with 140 billion annual Trustbox impressions, and the numbers keep growing. We have more than 1,000 employees and we’re headquartered in Copenhagen, with operations in Amsterdam, Denver, Edinburgh, Hamburg, London, Melbourne, Milan and New York.&nbsp;</p>
<p>We’re driven by connection. It’s at the heart of what we do. Our culture keeps things fresh –– it’s built on the relationships we create. We talk, we laugh, we collaborate and we respect each other. We work across borders and cultures to be the universal symbol of trust in an ever-changing world. With vibrant office locations worldwide and over 50 nationalities, we’re proud to be an equal opportunity workplace with diverse perspectives and ideas.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Our purpose to help people and businesses help each other is a tall order, but we keep it real. We’re a great bunch of humans, doing awesome stuff, without fuss or pretense. A successful Trustpilot future is driven by you –– we give you the autonomy to shape a career you can be proud of. If you’re ready to grow, let’s go.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Join us at the heart of trust.</strong></p>
<p><em>Trustpilot is committed to creating an inclusive environment where people from all backgrounds can thrive and where different viewpoints and experiences are valued and respected. Trustpilot will consider all applications for employment without regard to race, ethnicity, national origin, religious beliefs, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, neurodiversity, disability, age, parental or veteran status. Together, we are the heart of trust.</em></p>
<p><em>Trustpilot is a global company and our data practices are designed to ensure that your personally identifiable information is appropriately protected. Please note that your personal information will be transferred, accessed, and stored globally as necessary for the uses and disclosures stated in our <a href="https://corporate.trustpilot.com/legal/for-everyone/data-privacy-notice-for-candidates/dec-2024">Privacy Policy.</a><br><br><em data-stringify-type="italic">If you have a disability and would like to discuss any adjustments you might need either in submitting your application, or to the recruitment process more generally, please let us know by contacting our Talent Acquisition Team (talent.acquisition@trustpilot.com)</em><em data-stringify-type="italic">&nbsp;quoting the role you wish to apply for.<br></em></em></p></div>