<p><span style="color: #000000;"><strong>LOCATION: </strong>The territory for this role covers most of Upstate NY. Poughkeepsie up to the Canadian border, west out to Rochester.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="color: #000000;">We are currently looking for an <strong>Account Sales Representative (ASR)</strong> to join our Women's Health sales team!</span></p>
<p><span style="color: #000000;">The <strong>ASR</strong> is responsible for service and sales support activities to assist in driving market adoption and business growth. Core responsibilities include supporting the Clinical Field Specialists (CFS) increase revenue and drive market development through direct sales to individual MFMs and OB/GYNs. Support efforts include cultivating and maintaining key relationships, and creating and supporting a strategic business plan to grow revenue quickly. Support efforts will focus on currently marketed products and new product launches.</span></p>
<p><span style="color: #000000;"><strong>PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES</strong></span></p>
<ul>
<li style="color: #000000 !important;">
<p><span style="color: #000000;">Support CFS with a focus on closing business</span></p>
</li>
<li style="color: #000000 !important;">
<p><span style="color: #000000;">Work with assigned CFS to maintain &amp; support existing customers</span></p>
</li>
<li style="color: #000000 !important;">
<p><span style="color: #000000;">Assess the needs of medical professionals and staff members with a focus on customer support, coordination of logistics, and problem-solving</span></p>
</li>
<li style="color: #000000 !important;">
<p><span style="color: #000000;">Promote quality client/patient relations and create a supportive climate by serving as a role model for other employees</span></p>
</li>
<li style="color: #000000 !important;">
<p><span style="color: #000000;">Respect and maintain the confidentiality of laboratory and financial information</span></p>
</li>
<li style="color: #000000 !important;">
<p><span style="color: #000000;">Practice and adhere to all company policies and regulations</span></p>
</li>
<li style="color: #000000 !important;">
<p><span style="color: #000000;">Follow Compliance procedures and participates in Compliance training</span></p>
</li>
<li style="color: #000000 !important;">
<p><span style="color: #000000;">Perform miscellaneous duties with completion in a designated time frame</span></p>
</li>
<li style="color: #000000 !important;">
<p><span style="color: #000000;">Communicate with Natera staff and its customer to ensure quality</span></p>
</li>
<li style="color: #000000 !important;">
<p><span style="color: #000000;">Maintain and support a service oriented relationship with customers</span></p>
</li>
<li style="color: #000000 !important;">
<p><span style="color: #000000;">Utilize personal and professional skills to promote excellent customer service</span></p>
</li>
</ul>
<p><span style="color: #000000;"><strong>QUALIFICATIONS</strong></span></p>
<ul>
<li style="color: #000000 !important;">
<p><span style="color: #000000;">Bachelor’s degree or equivalent</span></p>
</li>
<li style="color: #000000 !important;">
<p><span style="color: #000000;">Minimum of 2 years of sales experience</span></p>
</li>
<li style="color: #000000 !important;">
<p><span style="color: #000000;">Background in medical or biological sciences preferred</span></p>
</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><span style="color: #000000;"><strong>KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS, AND ABILITIES</strong></span></p>
<ul>
<li style="color: #000000 !important;">
<p><span style="color: #000000;">Proven track record of success in achieving and exceeding sales goals</span></p>
</li>
<li style="color: #000000 !important;">
<p><span style="color: #000000;">Award winning sales professional due to individual achievements</span></p>
</li>
<li style="color: #000000 !important;">
<p><span style="color: #000000;">Exceptionally bright, flexible, self-motivated, and results oriented with strong interpersonal and analytical skills</span></p>
</li>
<li style="color: #000000 !important;">
<p><span style="color: #000000;">Ability to think strategically as well as execute tactically</span></p>
</li>
<li style="color: #000000 !important;">
<p><span style="color: #000000;">Must act with a sense of urgency</span></p>
</li>
<li style="color: #000000 !important;">
<p><span style="color: #000000;">Have a strong desire to work in a startup environment and must work independently with an internal drive to be successful</span></p>
</li>
<li style="color: #000000 !important;">
<p><span style="color: #000000;">Excellent organizational and communication skills (written and verbal) with demonstrated ability to effectively present to both internal and external customers</span></p>
</li>
<li style="color: #000000 !important;">
<p><span style="color: #000000;">Effective time management skills required with a demonstrated ability to assess and prioritize</span></p>
</li>
<li style="color: #000000 !important;">
<p><span style="color: #000000;">Proficient in Microsoft PowerPoint and Excel; Gmail; Sales Force.com</span></p>
</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><span style="color: #000000;">This role offers a base salary plus uncapped quarterly commission, giving you the ability to maximize earnings. You’ll also receive a car allowance and Restricted Stock Units (RSUs).</span></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p><div class="content-pay-transparency"><div class="pay-input"><div class="description"><p>The compensation package listed is for 1st year OTE, which are based on a wide array of factors unique to each candidate, including but not limited to skill set, years &amp; depth of experience, certifications and specific office location. On-target earnings (OTE) represent the total potential income an employee can earn by achieving 100% of their performance goals. It combines a base salary with commissions and serves as an estimated figure rather than a guaranteed amount, providing a guideline based on average performance outcomes.</p></div><div class="title">On-target earnings (OTE) </div><div class="pay-range"><span>$90,000</span><span class="divider">&mdash;</span><span>$100,000 USD</span></div></div></div><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>OUR OPPORTUNITY</strong></p>
<p>Natera™ is a global leader in cell-free DNA (cfDNA) testing, dedicated to oncology, women’s health, and organ health. Our aim is to make personalized genetic testing and diagnostics part of the standard of care to protect health and enable earlier and more targeted interventions that lead to longer, healthier lives.</p>
<p>The Natera team consists of highly dedicated statisticians, geneticists, doctors, laboratory scientists, business professionals, software engineers and many other professionals from world-class institutions, who care deeply for our work and each other. When you join Natera, you’ll work hard and grow quickly. Working alongside the elite of the industry, you’ll be stretched and challenged, and take pride in being part of a company that is changing the landscape of genetic disease management.</p>
<p><strong>WHAT WE OFFER</strong></p>
<p>Competitive Benefits - Employee benefits include comprehensive medical, dental, vision, life and disability plans for eligible employees and their dependents. Additionally, Natera employees and their immediate families receive free testing in addition to fertility care benefits. Other benefits include pregnancy and baby bonding leave, 401k benefits, commuter benefits and much more. We also offer a generous employee referral program!</p>
<p>For more information, visit <a href="http://www.natera.com/" data-cke-saved-href="http://www.natera.com/">www.natera.com</a>.</p>
<p>Natera is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer. We are committed to ensuring a diverse and inclusive workplace environment, and welcome people of different backgrounds, experiences, abilities and perspectives. Inclusive collaboration benefits our employees, our community and our patients, and is critical to our mission of changing the management of disease worldwide.</p>
<p>All qualified applicants are encouraged to apply, and will be considered without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, age, veteran status, disability or any other legally protected status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with applicable laws.</p>
<p><em>If you are based in California, we encourage you to read this important information for California residents.&nbsp;</em></p>
<p>Link: <a href="https://www.natera.com/notice-of-data-collection-california-residents" target="\_blank">https://www.natera.com/notice-of-data-collection-california-residents/</a></p>
<p>Please be advised that Natera will reach out to candidates with a @<a href="http://natera.com/" target="\_blank" data-saferedirecturl="https://www.google.com/url?q=http://natera.com&amp;source=gmail&amp;ust=1657718972773000&amp;usg=AOvVaw3zRwaIiu7070kJKNG4hjRm">natera.com</a>&nbsp;email domain ONLY. Email communications from all other domain names are not from Natera or its employees and are fraudulent. Natera does not request interviews via text messages and does not ask for personal information until a candidate has engaged with the company and has spoken to a recruiter and the hiring team. Natera takes cyber crimes seriously, and will collaborate with law enforcement authorities to prosecute any related cyber crimes.</p>
<p>For more information:<br>- <a href="https://www.bbb.org/article/tips/12261-bbb-tip-employment-scams" target="\_blank">BBB announcement on job scams</a>&nbsp;<br>- <a href="https://www.fbi.gov/investigate/cyber" target="\_blank">FBI Cyber Crime resource page</a>&nbsp;</p></div>