**Are you ready to join our digital revolution journey?**

At **[Aleph](https://alephholding.com/)**, we’re not just part of the digital advertising landscape—we’re shaping its future. Representing the world’s leading platforms, including TikTok, Amazon, Google, and nearly 55 others, we operate in 130+ markets across new and existing geographies.

Our mission is to empower advertisers and brands to unlock the full potential of these platforms' advertising capabilities. By fostering long-lasting partnerships, we create limitless opportunities for people and businesses to advertise effectively at both local and global levels.

With a presence spanning continents, Aleph offers you the chance to be part of a fast-growing, innovative team where your work makes a direct impact. If you’re ambitious, forward-thinking, and eager to thrive in a dynamic, global environment, Aleph is the perfect place to build your career.

Are you a driven media salesperson with a passion for digital marketing? Are you excited about working in a supportive and dynamic international team that rewards outstanding performance?

We are looking for an outstanding Digital Sales Executive (Client Partner) to join our team in Vietnam. In this role, you will be consulting key advertisers and agencies in the market on how to deliver on their marketing objectives through our partner's ad platforms.

## What you will be doing?

- You will be a part of a dynamic sales team that works across all strategic ad product initiatives.
- Sell advertising solutions, from a portfolio of products to new and existing advertisers.
- Prospect, source, and close deals with brand advertisers and/or media agencies.
- Utilize expertise in navigating media agency dynamics, as well as a thorough knowledge of campaign buying, digital media planning, pricing models.
- Obtain new prospects and existing clients regularly to understand their current and upcoming campaign objectives, KPI benchmarks and suggest solutions from our product portfolio which can assist them in meeting their marketing objectives.
- Deliver against sales targets consistently while delivering excellent customer sales experience to our advertisers.
- Cross-Functional Coordination with Client Solutions Managers (Account Managers) to ensure a smooth launch of campaigns, provide timely and effective feedback.
- Market Research and Networking, stay up to date with market and competitor movements, new product launches in the market, attend industry events and conferences to generate new business leads.
- Accurately forecast on a weekly, monthly, and annual basis actual and projected sales revenue.
- Managing top categories like Online Services, FMCG, Consumer Durables/Mobile Headsets, Media Entertainment, Auto, Real Estate & Pharma.
- Resolve client issues in an efficient, tactful manner, contributing to implementing solutions that prevent future problems.

## What we're looking for?

- Bachelor’s degree or higher, preferably in Business Administration, Economics, Social Sciences or similar.
- 5+ years of Media Ads Sales experience, focused on large accounts: creating, maintaining, and enhancing customer relationships.
- **Have strong relationships with top advertisers and cross-border business ecosystem in the Vietnam market.**
- Experience with online advertising, analytics, and social media.
- Strong commercial skills (responsible for direct revenue).
- You demonstrated the ability to work effectively in a fast-paced, rapidly changing environment.
- Possess solid project management skills.
- Ability to manage large customer relationships, and manage through conflict, driving groups to collective business decision.
- Efficient communicator internally and externally with excellent communication skills in English.
- Ability to prioritize and are comfortable managing multiple sales pitches and projects.
- Positive attitude with a drive to go above and beyond.

#ALEPH

**Why Join Us?**

Aleph is a place of many cultures, perspectives, and talents. We support each other, creating an environment of giving and receiving. We value partnership and communication because we believe it takes a group of people to achieve great things. We are energized by our ever-changing industry, our curiosity keeps us learning and seeking out new opportunities.

We stay flexible and adaptable, and believe in moving with the speed of change. We encourage everyone to strive for more, providing our internal talent with growth opportunities and the ability to learn together.

#ALEPH