<h2>Who we are</h2>
<h3>About Stripe</h3>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies—from the world’s largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyone’s reach while doing the most important work of your career.</span></p>
<h3>About the team</h3>
<p>The Worldwide Alliances &amp; Channels team is responsible for developing and managing a global community of partners that helps ambitious businesses with industry-leading payments and financial infrastructure solutions and services. These partnerships provide Stripe with the opportunity to unlock our market opportunity, supporting us in accelerating our users growth across all market segments from Startup to Enterprise companies.</p>
<h2>What you’ll do</h2>
<p>We are looking for an enthusiastic Partner Development Manager (PDM) to join the EMEA Alliances &amp; Channels team. As a Partner Development Manager (PDM) , you will cultivate and develop Stripe’s Consulting/Services partnerships specifically with Commerce agencies across EMEA.</p>
<p>This is both a partner relationship and a revenue-generating role working daily with the regional sales teams. This highly cross functional role also includes executing Stripe’s global partner programs, partner marketing, partner enablement and partner co-selling initiatives across the region, driving partner participation and engagement.&nbsp;</p>
<p>As the successful candidate, you will have experience in sales and/or partner management in the high tech or payments industry, preferably with experience working with consulting (Systems Integrators, Services firms, Development Agencies) and/or technology (software companies, ISVs, cloud companies, infrastructure companies) partnerships. The successful candidate will have a demonstrated ability to think strategically and analytically about business, product, and technical challenges, with the ability to build and convey compelling value propositions, and work cross-organizationally. An understanding of the economics of the payments space and the ecommerce ecosystem would be a bonus.</p>
<h3>Responsibilities</h3>
<ul>
<li>Identify, recruit and manage a portfolio of Commerce focused Consulting partners that can meet the needs of the Mid Market and Enterprise sales team.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Work with the Partner Solution Engineering team to ensure these partners are technically proficient and certified on Stripe&nbsp;</li>
<li>Optimize partner performance through partner plans, business reviews, identify additional business opportunities to expand revenue and deploy a joint sales approach with Stripe’s top partners and Stripe’s sales team in the region</li>
<li>Work with the program, marketing and sales teams on the execution of partner programs, events, sales engagement, building playbooks and collateral to enable partners to sell into customers effectively</li>
<li>Report out on a regular cadence to all key stakeholders, with a strong analytical approach and crisp communication style</li>
</ul>
<h2>Who you are</h2>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.</span></p>
<h3>Minimum requirements</h3>
<ul>
<li>3-5 years in partnerships and/or sales for high-tech or financial services organizations</li>
<li>Successful track record of developing and growing partnerships&nbsp;</li>
<li>Professional and technical knowledge, as well as an understanding of industry trends and the key players in the competitive landscape</li>
<li>Proven ability to consistently meet and exceed sales targets and quotas.</li>
<li>Demonstrated ability to negotiate high-value deals with a C-level audience and positively influence the outcome</li>
<li>Highly organized self starter with strong multi-tasking skills, who can take ownership, influence others and be efficient in ambiguous situations</li>
<li>Strong written and verbal communication skills</li>
<li>Bachelor’s Degree</li>
<li>Willingness to travel</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>Preferred qualifications</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Experience working in the financial services/payments industry</li>
</ul>