At [Secureframe](https://secureframe.com/), we are not just a company; we are at the forefront of revolutionizing cybersecurity compliance. Recognized as one of the industry's most innovative and trusted providers, Secureframe has consistently received accolades for our advanced technology solutions and commitment to excellence. With a robust portfolio of products that safeguard thousands of businesses worldwide, we have been featured in major publications such as **[Forbes’ next billion dollar startups](https://www.forbes.com/sites/amyfeldman/2022/08/16/next-billion-dollar-startups-2022/)**, TechCrunch, and The Wall Street Journal for our transformative impact on the way companies achieve and maintain compliance standards.

As we continue to grow, our mission remains clear: to provide seamless, secure compliance solutions that enable businesses to focus on what they do best. Joining Secureframe means becoming part of a dynamic team dedicated to professional excellence and continuous learning in an environment that values creativity and forward-thinking.

Secureframe is backed by top VCs including Kleiner Perkins, Accomplice, Gradient Ventures (Google’s AI Fund), BoxGroup, Village Global, and many more.

About the Role

The Account Manager role focuses on executing a sales plan to nurture existing customers, map our solution to their needs, build rapport and renew sales contracts. Success in this position would be based on your ability to be creative in your sales engagement style, strategic in your approach and focus on client relations. This is a high visibility role with a large degree of responsibility and requires regular communication and documentation of your activities.

## Benefits

- Medical, dental, and vision benefits for you and your dependent(s)
- Flexible PTO
- 401(k)
- Paid family leave
- Ground floor opportunity as an early member of the team

## What You’ll Do:

- Collaborate with company leadership to develop and implement strategic sales plans to drive business objectives.
- Maintain and enhance relationships with the existing customer base to ensure continued satisfaction and loyalty.
- Generate and submit detailed activity and forecast reports as required by management.
- Achieve or surpass the assigned revenue quota, contributing to the company's financial goals.

## Who we’re Looking For:

- 3+ years successful Corporate/Inside Sales experience, selling enterprise SaaS products.
- Prior experience selling to small to mid-enterprise clients (preferred, not required).
- Self-motivated, results oriented contributor that can work independently or in a team environment.
- Strong communication and collaboration skills.
- Working knowledge of sales automation tools like CRM, BDR tool.
- Strong written and verbal communication skills and can clearly and effectively articulate the company’s value via conference call or in person.

## You Can Expect from Us:

- A fun, fast paced and supportive work environment that respects everyone.
- Competitive compensation commensurate with your experience and skills.
- Equity participation in the company, commensurate with your role.

*Secureframe is an equal opportunity employer. We aim to create an environment where every team member at Secureframe feels like they belong so they can have a greater impact on our business and customers. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.*

*Collaboration, connection, and having fun with colleagues is an important part of our culture as a remote first company.  Therefore, all employees must be able to travel by air to company offsites two to four times per year (reasonable accommodations will be made where appropriate).*

***We've become aware of fraudulent job offers and recruiters falsely claiming to represent Secureframe.***

*Please note:*

*1. **Official Communication:** All genuine Secureframe recruiting communication and job offers are sent from @secureframe.com email addresses.*

*2. **No Fees:** We never ask for payments or fees from job applicants at any stage.*