**About the Team**

The Meesho AI Services team is dedicated to revolutionizing customer support through cutting-edge AI technologies like chatbots, voicebots, and predictive analytics. We will partner with call centers and BPOs to deliver seamless, efficient, and customer-focused operations. In addition to driving technology and process excellence, we actively manage client and partner relationships to ensure alignment on goals and continuous improvement. If you’re passionate about AI, building strong partnerships, and creating impactful change, this is the team for you!

**About the Role**

As a Manager, you will play a critical role in solving business critical problems. You’ll identify key opportunity areas through primary and secondary research, find user & seller problems, set priorities, come up with solutions and drive implementation in different types of projects.

You’ll shape up the right solutions in coordination with the product team (in case your solution requires tech interventions). You’ll also work with the team leaders to create and improve the operating systems of the team (strategic planning, competitive intelligence, building review systems, culture and so on).

## What you will do

- In-depth primary and secondary research into different consumption verticals of India, which will also require you to go on the ground talk to users and any other stakeholders of the industry
- Build experimenting strategy for different products to test and launch in the vertical
- Set the goal metrics for Product-Market-Fit and enable the execution teams to reach those metrics for PMF
- Lead in problem-solving tasks and discussions to unlock product-market-fit
- Own the end of end goal and execution ownership of your charters
- Play a key role in framing strategic documents(working sessions) for problem discovery, exploration and solutions
- Create and structure monthly review documents to be presented to the senior management / CEO
- Create and maintain systems and processes to streamline operations across the business team
- Be fungible in the role to potentially lead an execution charter along with the strategy role for the new Vertical

## What you will need

- 3-5 years of total work experience. At least 2+ year of experience in consulting ﬁrms / strategy offices of tech startups. Experience in startups/tech companies in similar roles will be an advantage
- Proven problem-solving, project management skills and ability to derive core user insights from different types of users (consumers, sellers etc.)
- You have championed teams through transformational changes, driven technological innovations, and improved operational performance in a customer support environment.
- Proven leadership and organizational skills in your work experience

**About us**

Welcome to Meesho, where every story begins with a spark of inspiration and a dash of entrepreneurial spirit. We're not just a platform; we're your partner in turning dreams into realities.

**Curious about life at Meesho? Explore our Glassdoor - our people have a lot to say and they've helped us become a loved workplace in India.**

**Our Mission**

Democratising internet commerce for everyone — Meesho (Meri Shop) started with a single idea in mind: to be an e-commerce destination for Indian consumers and to enable small businesses to succeed online.

We provide our sellers with benefits such as zero commission and affordable shipping solutions in the market. Today, sellers nationwide are growing their businesses by tapping into Meesho’s large and diverse customer base, state-of-the-art tech infrastructure, and pan-India logistics network through trusted third-party partners.

Affordable, relatable merchandise that mirrors local markets has helped us connect with internet users and serve customers across urban, semi-urban, and rural India. Our unique business model and continuous innovation have established us as a part of India’s e-commerce ecosystem.

**Culture and Total Rewards**

Our focus is on cultivating a dynamic workplace characterized by high impact and performance excellence. We prioritize a people-centric culture, dedicated to hiring and developing exceptional talent.

Total rewards at Meesho comprise a comprehensive set of elements — monetary, non-monetary, tangible, and intangible. Our 9 guiding principles, or "Mantras," are the backbone of how we operate, influencing everything from recognition and evaluation to growth discussions. Daily rituals and processes like “Problem First Mindset,” “Listen or Die,” our Internal Mobility Program, Talent Reviews, and Continuous Performance Management embody these principles.

We offer competitive compensation — both cash and equity-based — tailored to job roles, individual experience, and skill, along with employee-centric benefits and a supportive work environment. Our holistic wellness program, MeeCare, includes benefits across physical, mental, financial, and social wellness. This includes extensive medical insurance for employees and their families, wellness initiatives like telehealth, wellness events, and fitness-related perks.

To support work-life balance, we offer generous leave policies, parental support, retirement benefits, and learning and development assistance. Through personalized recognition, gratitude for stretched work, and engaging activities, we promote employee delight at the workplace. Additional benefits such as salary advance support, relocation assistance, and flexible benefit plans further enrich the Meesho experience.

Know more about Meesho here : <https://www.meesho.io/>