<h2><strong>Who we are</strong></h2>
<h3><strong>About Stripe</strong></h3>
<p>Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies—from the world’s largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyone’s reach while doing the most important work of your career.</p>
<h3><strong>About the team</strong></h3>
<p>Our AUNZ Marketing team's mission is to engage priority audiences through impactful and relevant marketing programs and events, in order to drive growth in the adoption of Stripe's solution offerings. Marketing is a sales-aligned team, partnering closely with the Go To Market organisation, which includes Sales, Sales Development, Solutions Architects, Partnerships, and others. Our team works across all customer segments and at each stage of the customer lifecycle journey. The key segments in our Go To Market organization include Enterprise, Digital Native and Software Platform Businesses, which all fall under the enterprise remit. As a member of the AUNZ team, this is a great opportunity to build and have an impact on the business.</p>
<h2>&nbsp;</h2>
<h2><strong>What you’ll do</strong></h2>
<p>You’ll be part of the AUNZ Marketing team and be able to craft our enterprise marketing strategy while developing a strong trusted relationship working hand-in-hand with sales teams to drive successful user outcomes. The Enterprise Marketing Manager - AUNZ will develop and execute the enterprise marketing strategy and programs that deliver high-quality leads, sales pipeline, and ultimately revenue.&nbsp;&nbsp;</p>
<p>Whilst an enterprise playbook exists we want you to be creative in finding new ways of engaging enterprise buyers, leveraging best practices from both within Stripe and the industry more broadly and being experimental in your efforts.&nbsp;&nbsp;</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<h3><strong>Responsibilities</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Develop the enterprise marketing strategy and execute field marketing programs across enterprise customer segments (established enterprises, digital native businesses, software platforms) that elevates the Stripe brand, engages our key personas and ultimately generates new opportunities within existing and new enterprise accounts.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Define and execute full funnel marketing plans including but not limited to digital marketing, campaigns, ABM, virtual and in-person events, and third party tradeshows and conferences as well as amplifying Stripe brand with users’ voices though case study production.</li>
<li>Partner closely with cross functional stakeholders including the Asia Pacific Demand Generation team and Partner Marketing to dovetail strategy and plans for the enterprise segment and leverage centralised programs to extend your reach and generate pipeline.</li>
<li>Own the key marketing business and revenue metrics across the sales funnel (pipeline) and customer growth and retention and track, measure, and communicate program results, continually optimising for efficiency and scale.</li>
<li>Build an optimistic and strong partnership with the sales organisation that includes joint strategy and planning with leadership, account and territory planning with sellers and joint business development with sales development representatives to ensure feedback and improvements are continually applied to future planning cycles.&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<h2>&nbsp;</h2>
<h2><strong>Who you are</strong></h2>
<p>We’re looking for an experienced enterprise field marketer who is looking for an opportunity to join a dynamic and fast growing company in an exciting category. Stripe values results orientated, users first, macro-optimistic and curious individuals who really, really, really care.&nbsp; If that sounds like you and you meet the following requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.</p>
<h3>&nbsp;</h3>
<h3><strong>Minimum requirements</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>8+ years of relevant B2B marketing experience in the AUNZ Enterprise Technology market across multiple customer segments including specific experience with event management, field marketing, Account-based marketing and multi-touch campaigns to generate demand.</li>
<li>Proven track record of defining and executing B2B marketing strategies that deliver against funnel metrics and KPIs.</li>
<li>Strong written and verbal communication skills, including being able to convey complex topics with simplicity.</li>
<li>Experience scaling through/and or leveraging agency and contractor resources.</li>
<li>Understanding and/or experience with CRM/Salesforce, account-based marketing, events marketing and email marketing tactics and technology</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>Preferred qualifications</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>A startup mentality with a bias to action and the ability to flex in a fast-paced industry and work environment.</li>
<li>Experience marketing B2B cloud services and/or software solutions.</li>
<li>Superb organisation and project management skills and the capacity to manage multiple complex projects at once.</li>
<li>Excellent analytical skills and the ability to craft actionable insights from complex data.</li>
<li>Resourceful, creative and dedicated to achieving operational and creative excellence.</li>
<li>Experience delivering tailored marketing content and experiences for customer segments spanning from early stage startups to the largest enterprise companies.</li>
<li>Understanding of the payments, financial technology, and/or ecommerce industries and partner ecosystems.</li>
<li>Demonstrated success delivering marketing programs with and through consulting and technology partners.</li>
</ul>