<div class="content-intro"><p>Fastly helps people stay better connected with the things they love. Fastly’s edge cloud platform enables customers to create great digital experiences quickly, securely, and reliably by processing, serving, and securing our customers’ applications as close to their end-users as possible — at the edge of the Internet. The platform is designed to take advantage of the modern internet, to be programmable, and to support agile software development. Fastly’s customers include many of the world’s most prominent companies, including GitHub, Yelp, Paramount, and JetBlue.</p>
<p>We're building a more trustworthy Internet. Come join us.</p></div><p><strong>Job Title: Technical Consultant</strong></p>
<p><strong><strong>About the Role/Purpose</strong></strong></p>
<ul>
<li>
<p>The Technical Consultant is an early-career technical role supporting Fastly’s Pre-sales engineering teams. You’ll help demonstrate Fastly’s technology, assist with proof of concepts, and contribute to customer success while learning how to deliver world-class performance and security solutions.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Working directly with field Solutions Engineers, Sales teams, and clients, the primary purpose is to help accelerate sales cycles and boost win rates. A key component of this role involves utilizing technology knowledge and experience to help customers achieve their business goals.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>This role demands confidence and composure, particularly when engaging customers who are Under Attack. The consultant is expected to lead the technology discussion during high-stress security incidents and confidently handle attack mitigation efforts using Fastly technology and tools.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p><strong><strong>Key Responsibilities</strong></strong></p>
<p>Pre-Sales and Customer Engagement</p>
<ul>
<li>
<p>Support the Solutions Engineering and Sales teams during customer evaluations, demonstrations, and trials.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Assist in setting up and running Proofs of Concept (PoCs) to showcase Fastly’s platform capabilities.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Help prepare and deliver technical demos, documentation, and presentations.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Analyze customer websites and traffic patterns to identify performance and security opportunities.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Support the creation of customer-facing materials such as value confirmation summaries and post-trial reports.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Partner with senior consultants and engineers to understand customer goals and align Fastly’s solutions accordingly.<br>&nbsp;</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p><strong><strong>Security and Performance Enablement</strong></strong></p>
<ul>
<li>
<p>Learn how to analyze customer environments to identify performance bottlenecks and potential security risks.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Assist senior team members in reviewing web application configurations, logs, and metrics.<br>Support security and threat analysis activities under guidance from experienced engineers.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Participate in internal projects aimed at improving pre-sales tools, templates, and best practices.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p><strong><strong>Required Education and Experience</strong></strong></p>
<ul>
<li>
<p>Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering, a related technical field or equivalent practical experience.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>0–2 years of experience in a technical role (consulting, Pre-sales, technical support, or internship).</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Familiarity with Internet technologies such as TCP/IP, HTTP, DNS, and web servers.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Eagerness to learn web performance, security, and cloud computing concepts.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p><strong><strong>Desired Skills and Technical Knowledge</strong></strong></p>
<ul>
<li>
<p>Understanding of TCP/IP and related network protocols (TCP, ARP, ICMP, DHCP, DNS, HTTP, SNMP, etc.), including knowledge of accompanying protocol/packet analysis/manipulation tools.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Knowledge of information security protection/detection and authentication systems (e.g., firewalls, IDS, IPS, anti-virus).</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Knowledge of commonly-accepted information security principles and practices, as well as techniques attackers would use to identify vulnerabilities, gain unauthorized access, and escalate privileges.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>In-depth knowledge of current operating environments (Microsoft, Linux, &amp; Other operating systems, and cloud providers).</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Exceptional analytical and critical thinking skills.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Strong presentation, written, and verbal communication skills; ability to simplify complex technical topics.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong><strong>Preferred Qualifications:</strong></strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>
<p>Bachelor’s degree or higher in Computer Science, Engineering, Information Security, or a related field.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong><strong>Work Hours:&nbsp;</strong></strong></p>
<ul>
<li>
<p>This position will require you to be available during core business hours.&nbsp;</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p><strong><strong>Work Location(s) &amp; Travel Requirements: </strong></strong></p>
<p>This position is based out of Fastly’s WeWork space in Futura Magarapatta.&nbsp; Fastly currently embraces a largely hybrid model for most roles which allows employees flexibility to split their time between the office and home. This position may require travel as required by your role or requested by your manager.</p>
<p><br><strong>Benefits</strong><br><strong>We care about you.</strong> Fastly works hard to create a positive environment for our employees, and we think your life outside of work is important too. We support our teams with great benefits that start on the first day of your employment with Fastly. Curious about our offerings?</p>
<ul>
<li>We offer a comprehensive benefits package designed to meet your needs. Our offerings may vary depending on the country where you work and are subject to change.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>Why Fastly?</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>
<p><strong>We have a huge impact.</strong>&nbsp;Fastly is a small company with a big reach. Not only do<a class="external-link" href="https://www.fastly.com/customers" target="\_blank">&nbsp;our customers</a>&nbsp;have a tremendous user base, but we also support a growing number of<a class="external-link" href="https://www.fastly.com/open-source/" target="\_blank">&nbsp;open source projects and initiatives</a>.&nbsp;Outside of code, employees are encouraged to share causes close to their heart with others so we can help lend a supportive hand.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p><strong>We value diversity.</strong>&nbsp;Growing and maintaining our inclusive and diverse team matters to us. We are committed to being a company where our employees feel comfortable bringing their authentic selves to work and have the ability to be successful -- every day.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p><strong>We are passionate.</strong>&nbsp;Fastly is chock full of passionate people and we’re not ‘one size fits all’. Fastly employs authors, pilots, skiers, parents (of humans and animals), makeup geeks, coffee connoisseurs, and more. We love employees for who they are and what they are passionate about.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>We’re always looking for humble, sharp, and creative folks to join the Fastly team. If you think you might be a fit please apply!</strong><strong> A fully completed application and resume or CV are required when applying.</strong></p>
<p><em>All job applications must be submitted through our official careers site at </em><a href="http://www.fastly.com/careers"><em>www.fastly.com/about/careers</em></a><em>. We will never request sensitive information, such as your Social Security number, bank account or credit card information during the application process. All official communication will come from an @</em><a href="http://fastly.com"><em>fastly.com</em></a><em> or @</em><a href="http://recruiting.fastly.com"><em>recruiting.fastly.com</em></a><em> email address. </em></p>
<p><em><span style="font-weight: 400;">Fastly is committed to ensuring equal employment opportunity and to providing employees with a safe and welcoming work environment free of discrimination and harassment. Our employment decisions are based on business needs, job requirements and individual qualifications.</span></em><em><span style="font-weight: 400;"> All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, family or parental status, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances.</span></em></p>
<p><em><span style="font-weight: 400;">Consistent with the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) and federal or state disability laws, Fastly will provide reasonable accommodations for applicants and employees with disabilities. If reasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and/or to receive other benefits and privileges of employment, please contact your Recruiter, or the Fastly Employee Relations team at </span></em><a href="mailto:candidateaccommodations@fastly.com"><em><span style="font-weight: 400;">candidateaccommodations@fastly.com</span></em></a><em><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or 501-287-4901.&nbsp; </span></em></p>
<p><em>Fastly collects and processes personal data submitted by job applicants in accordance with our<a class="external-link" href="https://www.fastly.com/privacy" target="\_blank">&nbsp;Privacy Policy</a>. Please see our<a class="external-link" href="https://www.fastly.com/privacy-job-applicants" target="\_blank">&nbsp;privacy notice for job applicants</a>.</em></p></div>