<p><strong>Technical Recruiter / Talent Acquisition Specialist</strong><strong><br></strong><strong>Core skills:</strong> Technical Recruitment, Software Development Recruiting, Product Recruitment</p>
<p><strong>Bitmovin</strong><strong> </strong>is a global Series-C SaaS scale-up <strong>originating from Austria</strong> that provides award-winning video streaming technology to world-renowned brands including <strong>LinkedIn,</strong> <strong>Disney+, Discovery+, BBC, and The New York Times</strong>, as well as leading broadcasters and media companies in the DACH region like <strong>ORF</strong>, <strong>Red Bull Media House, DAZN, RTL/ProSieben, Axel Springer, </strong>to name just a few.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Our solution suite consists of Video-on-Demand- and Live Video Encoders, Player, and Analytics platforms, enabling content owners to redefine the viewer experience through API-based workflow optimization, fast turnaround, and scalability. Innovations include the first commercial HTML5 MPEG-DASH. Our highly skilled development teams in Austria create cutting-edge technology that shapes the future of video-streaming worldwide.&nbsp;&nbsp;</p>
<p><em>“We are constantly seeking out forward thinking individuals who want to shape the future of video… come and work with us!”</em></p>
<p>Stefan Lederer, CEO</p>
<p>At <strong>Bitmovin </strong>we value cognitive diversity and the huge part this plays in not only creating a global culture second to none, but in how this underpins our ability to create truly representative, Emmy award winning products. Diversity in all its forms is encouraged and celebrated at Bitmovin; everyone has a role to play in helping us shape the future of video.</p>
<h3><strong>Why us?</strong></h3>
<p>As a <strong>Technical Talent Acquisition Partner</strong>, you’ll be at the forefront of hiring <strong>exceptional engineering talent - </strong>for some of the most exciting technical challenges in the market. It is an easy sell, but we have a super high bar. Your role is more than filling positions - it’s about <strong>finding the right people, building relationships with the hiring managers, championing a great candidate experience, and ensuring we continue to build diverse, high-performing teams.&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p><strong>This is an opportunity that offers:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><strong>Ownership of the Recruitment Process</strong>: You'll have the chance to manage the entire recruitment process for critical technical roles from end to end, while partnering with engineering leaders to ensure you’re hiring the best talent that aligns with both role requirements and business needs.</li>
<li><strong>Creative and Data-Driven Sourcing</strong>: You'll be empowered to source top talent through unconventional channels like MeetUps, GitHub, and niche forums, while leveraging data to optimize recruitment processes and continuously improve efficiency, ensuring access to the best candidates available.</li>
<li><strong>Commitment to Inclusive Hiring and Employer Branding</strong>: You’ll play a key role in developing inclusive hiring strategies that attract diverse talent, while also promoting our employer brand and culture through creative outreach, helping us stand out as a top destination for talent.</li>
<li><strong>A Holistic Approach to People Strategy</strong>: Beyond recruitment, you’ll gain exposure to broader people-related topics such as performance management, employee wellbeing, and culture, contributing to the creation and sustenance of high-performing, engaged teams that align with our company’s values.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>You will make an impact that matters by:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><strong>Owning the Full Recruitment Process</strong>: Taking charge of the end-to-end recruitment process for technical hires, particularly C++ and Java developers in the DACH region. Your work will directly contribute to identifying and securing top-tier talent that aligns with our business goals and technical needs.</li>
<li><strong>Partnering with Stakeholders for Strategic Hiring</strong>: Collaborating closely with engineering leaders and hiring managers to deeply understand their hiring requirements. Your insights will ensure the best talent is delivered for each role, making a significant contribution to the success of teams and projects.</li>
<li><strong>Driving Inclusive and Diverse Hiring Practices</strong>: By developing and implementing inclusive hiring strategies, you’ll attract diverse talent pools, helping to create a more balanced, innovative, and forward-thinking workforce. Your efforts will strengthen our commitment to diversity and inclusion.</li>
<li><strong>Creating Exceptional Candidate Experiences and Employer Branding</strong>: You’ll enhance our reputation as an employer of choice by building professional connections with your candidates while crafting a seamless, engaging, and transparent recruitment process. Through storytelling and creative outreach, you’ll bring our company culture to life, leaving a lasting impression on candidates and strengthening our brand;&nbsp;</li>
<li><strong>Leveraging Data and Innovative Sourcing Techniques</strong>: You’ll think outside the box, sourcing top talent through unconventional channels like MeetUps, GitHub, and niche technical communities. Building an enviable network to the Austrian/DACH tech community and associated Universities/Technical Schools.</li>
<li><strong>Serving as a Trusted Advisor</strong>: Acting as a strategic advisor to stakeholders, providing valuable market insights and innovative hiring solutions. You’ll guide our recruitment strategy to ensure we stay ahead of industry trends and attract the best talent available.</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>It would be great if you have</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Experience in <strong>full lifecycle technical recruitment</strong> experience in a fast paced start-up/sclae-up environment in the DACH Tech Industry.</li>
<li>Track record of actively sourcing <strong>cognitively</strong> <strong>diverse teams.</strong></li>
<li>Ability to <strong>build relationships with engineers and hiring teams</strong>—you're a partner, not just a recruiter.</li>
<li>Proactively <strong>partnered </strong>with universities, technical schools, local communities, and industry networks to uncover and nurture top talent.</li>
<li>A <strong>proactive, consultative approach</strong> to solving hiring challenges.</li>
<li>Experience with <strong>ATS tools (ideally Greenhouse), sourcing strategies, and employer branding initiatives</strong>.</li>
<li>A love for <strong>fast-paced, collaborative environments</strong> where you can innovate and drive change.</li>
<li>Ability to leverage<strong> strong Emotional Intelligence (EQ)</strong> to build authentic relationships, navigate diverse personalities, and create a <strong>positive, inclusive candidate experience.</strong></li>
</ul>
<p>You don’t have experience with all the points above? Don’t worry, we will support you with learning, training, and coaching on the job.</p>
<h3><strong>Life at Bitmovin</strong></h3>
<p>Find out more about us on our<a href="https://bitmovin.com/careers/"> Careers Page</a><br>See what fellow Bitmovers are saying on<a href="https://www.linkedin.com/company/bitmovin/life/7f143265-8cc2-4ae8-93f4-dc88cf00d0d4/?viewAsMember=true"> LinkedIn</a><br>Check the employee reviews on<a href="https://www.glassdoor.co.uk/Reviews/Bitmovin-Reviews-E1400248.htm"> Glassdoor</a></p>