<div class="content-intro"><p><strong>Who we are&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>At Twilio, we’re shaping the future of communications, all from the comfort of our homes. We deliver innovative solutions to<a class="c-link" href="https://customers.twilio.com/" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://customers.twilio.com/" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">&nbsp;hundreds of thousands of businesses&nbsp;</a>and empower millions of developers worldwide to craft personalized customer experiences.</p>
<p>Our dedication to <a class="c-link" href="https://www.twilio.com/en-us/blog/open-work" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://www.twilio.com/en-us/blog/open-work" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">remote-first work</a>, and strong culture of connection and global inclusion means that no matter your location, you’re part of a vibrant team with diverse experiences making a global impact each day. As we continue to revolutionize how the world interacts, we’re acquiring new skills and experiences that make work feel truly rewarding. Your career at Twilio is in your hands.<br><br>We use Artificial Intelligence (AI) to help make our hiring process efficient. That said, every hiring decision is made by real Twilions!</p>
<p><span style="color: rgb(255, 255, 255);">.</span></p></div><h4>See yourself at Twilio</h4>
<p>Join the team as Twilio’s next <strong>Engineer,</strong> <strong>Identity &amp; Access</strong>.</p>
<h4><strong>About the job</strong></h4>
<p>Twilio is growing rapidly and seeking an<strong> Identity &amp; Access Engineer</strong> to integrate, build and automate systems. This technical role is critical for securing access across the entire enterprise. You will be instrumental in integrating, automating, and securing the identity lifecycle for all employees and systems. You will champion an <strong>"Everything-as-Code"</strong> approach, translating security principles like <strong>Least Privilege Access (LPA)</strong> and <strong>Zero Trust</strong> into scalable, automated, and auditable engineering solutions that eliminate manual provisioning and reduce security risk. Your primary mission is to <strong>proactively mitigate identity-related security risks</strong> and ensure stringent access governance across all Twilio resources and environments.</p>
<p><strong>Responsibilities</strong></p>
<p>In this role, you’ll:</p>
<ul>
<li><strong>Implement IAM Architecture:</strong> Integrate and deploy enterprise-level IAM solutions, APIs, and integrations focused on core security principles, including <strong>Least Privilege Access (LPA)</strong> and <strong>Zero Trust</strong>.</li>
<li><strong>Environments</strong>: Work across a<strong> diverse technical landscape</strong>, rapidly deconstruct new environments whether you’re writing logic in a script or a visual canvas. Bridge the gap between custom code and no code platforms.</li>
<li>Prioritize and champion an <strong>"Everything-as-Code"</strong> mentality for IAM and access management processes, eliminate manual tasks related to access provisioning and deprovisioning by turning it into an automation.&nbsp;</li>
<li><strong>Privileged Access Management (PAM):</strong> Actively contribute to developing and maintaining the strategy for managing and securing <strong>Privileged Accounts (</strong>User and Service Accounts<strong>)</strong>, reducing attack surface area, and enhancing monitoring capabilities.</li>
<li><strong>Compliance &amp; Audit:</strong> Lead participation in security audits, risk assessments, and mitigation activities, ensuring all IAM controls meet stringent regulatory and internal compliance standards</li>
<li><strong>Innovation &amp; Modernization:</strong> Dive into new security technologies frequently, championing the implementation of <strong>bleeding-edge authentication standards</strong> and advanced access control models</li>
<li><strong>System Integration &amp; Development:</strong> Integrate identity platforms with core enterprise applications (e.g., ServiceNow, JIRA) using REST APIs and common identity protocols. Contribute to internal frontend libraries and frameworks to build self-service access interfaces.</li>
<li><strong>Operational Support:</strong> Participate in a 24x7 on-call rotation to quickly resolve high-severity issues impacting authentication and access for the enterprise.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Required:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>2+ years of progressive experience in Software Engineering, DevOps, or Security Engineering&nbsp;</li>
<li>1+ year of hands-on experience developing production-grade automation scripts and applications using <a href="http://node.js">Node.js</a>, JavaScript, or a similar OOP language</li>
<li>Proven experience building and operating robust workflows in an Identity Governance platform (e.g.,&nbsp; Okta Identity Governance, SailPoint, or similar)</li>
<li>Understand and be able to implement or interact with a REST API</li>
<li>Hands-on experience with identity management across major cloud providers (AWS, GCP, or Azure).</li>
<li>Demonstrated experience implementing and securing solutions for SSO, MFA, IGA and PAM.</li>
<li>Practical understanding of modern authentication/authorization protocols (e.g., SAML 2.0, OAuth 2.0, OIDC, SCIM).</li>
<li>Experience with Okta, ServicesNow, JIRA, Google, and AWS Workspaces</li>
<li>Expertise in modern physical and cloud infrastructure SWE and DevOps industry standards and practices</li>
<li>Successful candidates will have experience integrating and deploying a variety of services ensuring adherence to Least Privilege Access (LPA) and Zero Trust security models.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Desired:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Comfortable on being a 'beginner' in new domains. The ability to tackle problems that lie outside our immediate expertise.</li>
<li>BS in Computer Science/DevOps Engineering or equivalent professional experience&nbsp;</li>
<li>Knowledge of ITIL framework/standard methodologies and ability to understand the concepts of identity management for enterprise systems.</li>
<li>Experience with Infrastructure-as-Code (IaC) principles and tools (e.g., Terraform) and container orchestration platforms (Kubernetes/Docker).</li>
<li>A strong documentation ethic, capable of creating and maintaining clear, concise runbooks, security procedures, and system architecture documentation.</li>
<li>Adopt engineering best practices to deliver, secure, maintainable and scalable software. (e.g., GIT, CI/CD, AGILE)</li>
<li>Ability to collaborate with resources across multiple disciplines</li>
<li>A passion for security technology, a love for helping people, and an unwavering attention to detail necessary for maintaining a secure environment.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Location</strong></p>
<p>This role will be Remote and based in India (Karnataka, Tamil Nadu, Telangana, Maharashtra, Delhi)</p>
<p><strong>Travel&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>We prioritize connection and opportunities to build relationships with our customers and each other. For this role, approximately 15% travel is anticipated to help you connect in-person in a meaningful way and perform job duties</p>
<p><strong>What We Offer</strong></p>
<p>Working at Twilio offers many benefits, including competitive pay, generous time off, ample parental and wellness leave, healthcare, a retirement savings program, and much more. Offerings vary by location.</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>Twilio thinks big. Do you?</strong></p>
<p>We like to solve problems, take initiative, pitch in when needed, and are always up for trying new things. That's why we seek out colleagues who embody our values — something we call <a href="https://www.twilio.com/company/values">Twilio Magic</a>. Additionally, we empower employees to build <a href="https://twilio.org/support-and-resources/impact-fund">positive change in their communities</a> by supporting their volunteering and donation efforts.</p>
<p>So, if you're ready to unleash your full potential, do your best work, and be the best version of yourself, apply now! If this role isn't what you're looking for, <a href="https://www.twilio.com/company/jobs#open-positions">please consider other open positions.</a></p>
<p><strong>Twilio is proud to be an equal opportunity employer.</strong> We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, reproductive health decisions, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, genetic information, political views or activity, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Qualified applicants with arrest or conviction records will be considered for employment in accordance with the Los Angeles County Fair Chance Ordinance for Employers and the California Fair Chance Act. Additionally, Twilio participates in the E-Verify program in certain locations, as required by law.</p></div>