An established telecommunications company is seeking a talented, motivated, and quality-minded Construction Manager. This is an opportunity to join a reputable company known for excellent quality and service in the telecommunications industry. The field promises significant growth in telecommunications infrastructure and technology.

Essential Duties and Responsibilities:

• Demonstrate knowledge of industry standards.

• Previous experience and understanding of fiber splicing required.

• Efficiently research, troubleshoot, and provide solutions to job-related issues.

• Implement quality control techniques successfully.

• Provide recommendations for quality improvement and work efficiencies.

• Assist Underground crews in the field from a supervisory perspective.

• Report daily production to company management.

• Attend and participate in daily and weekly customer calls.

• Perform other related duties as assigned.

Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities:

• Working knowledge of Microsoft Office Suite; knowledge of other relevant resource tools preferred.

• Willingness to expand knowledge and grow in a dynamic environment.

• Ability to work full-time with occasional overtime.

• Skilled in operating basic office equipment: computers, scanners, printers, copiers, VOIP systems.

• Capable of high productivity and quality workmanship, with attention to detail.

• Ability to understand and follow advanced oral and written instructions.

• Exercise competent judgment and initiative.

• Exceptional planning, organizational skills, multitasking, and prioritization abilities.

Education & Experience:

• High school diploma or equivalent.

• Experience reading design maps and prints.

• Industry experience preferred or the ability to quickly learn the occupation.

• Must successfully pass a background check and drug screen.

• Valid driver's license required.

#SolvoHRGlobal

#LI-PROMOTED

#LI-Onsite