<p>We are seeking a Senior Director of Engineering to lead the development of our Observability Platform within MongoDB. This is a high-impact role where you will drive the technical vision, execution, and growth of a critical component in our ecosystem. You will be responsible for building and scaling a world-class team, shaping the future of internal and external Observability for Atlas, MongoDB’s cloud-managed solution.This is an opportunity to join a team that is responsible for all Observability systems that support metrics, metric visualization, logs, traces, and alerts for MongoDB. We are looking for a leader that is results focused, with high standards, and experience in leading large engineering teams in designing, building and operating complex distributed systems at scale, with strict SLO on security, durability, availability and performance.&nbsp;&nbsp;</p>
<p>Tens of thousands of customers depend on our Observability stack to monitor their database clusters and to generate actionable alerts to safeguard critical workloads. &nbsp;As MongoDB Atlas and its supporting infrastructure continue to experience rapid growth, the demand for high-cardinality observability data for internal and external use cases means we need to continually innovate and scale our systems to the next level. For example, MongoDB Observability systems need to handle 10’s of billions of metrics time series, all whilst processing petabytes of logs, traces, and events.</p>
<p>Our team champions a strong culture of inclusivity, diversity, and collaboration. If you want to be a deeply technical leader on a collaborative team that applies low-level systems expertise to build the foundational infrastructure of a popular database, join us!&nbsp;</p>
<p>We are looking to speak to candidates who are based in Dublin for our hybrid working model.</p>
<h3>Responsibilities</h3>
<ul>
<li>Lead and Manage the Observability Engineering Team – Oversee engineering efforts to design, develop, and scale our Observability platform, ensuring high performance, reliability, and efficiency</li>
<li>Architect and Optimize Systems required to support logging, monitoring, alerting and metric visualisation at huge scale</li>
<li>Integrate with MongoDB Atlas – Work with cross-functional teams to integrate Observability improvements into the Atlas platform</li>
<li>Recruit and Build a High-Performance Team – Attract, hire, and mentor top-tier engineering talent, fostering a culture of innovation, collaboration, and technical excellence</li>
<li>Define Product and Engineering Strategy – Collaborate with product, research, and engineering leaders to define the long-term vision, roadmap, and architecture of the observability platform</li>
<li>Ensure Operational Excellence – Drive best practices for monitoring, reliability, and performance of observability services in production</li>
<li>Stay Ahead of Observability Trends – Keep up with advancements in Observability trends to maintain MongoDB’s leadership</li>
</ul>
<h3>Requirements</h3>
<ul>
<li>10+ years of engineering leadership experience, including managing multiple teams and scaling large, distributed systems</li>
<li>Deep expertise in distributed systems and large-scale data processing infrastructure</li>
<li>Experience working with cloud-native architectures and platforms like AWS, GCP, Azure, and Kubernetes</li>
<li>Proficiency in high-performance API development and integrating data pipelines into production systems</li>
<li>Excellent leadership, strategic thinking, and ability to influence cross-functional stakeholders</li>
<li>Experience in hiring, mentoring, and scaling world-class engineering teams</li>
<li>Manager of managers experience</li>
</ul>
<h3>Why Join Us?</h3>
<ul>
<li>Own and lead the development of the core observability platform within MongoDB</li>
<li>Work with cutting-edge technologies to shape the future of observability</li>
<li>Collaborate with world-class engineers and researchers on complex, high-scale distributed systems</li>
<li>Drive technical and product strategy at a high-growth, industry-leading company</li>
</ul>
<h3>About MongoDB</h3>
<p>MongoDB is built for change, empowering our customers and our people to innovate at the speed of the market. We have redefined the database for the AI era, enabling innovators to create, transform, and disrupt industries with software. MongoDB’s unified database platform, the most widely available, globally distributed database on the market, helps organizations modernize legacy workloads, embrace innovation, and unleash AI. Our cloud-native platform, MongoDB Atlas, is the only globally distributed, multi-cloud database and is available across AWS, Google Cloud, and Microsoft Azure.</p>
<p>With offices worldwide and over 60,000 customers, including 75% of the Fortune 100 and AI-native startups, relying on MongoDB for their most important applications, we’re powering the next era of software.</p>
<p>Our compass at MongoDB is our <a href="https://www.mongodb.com/company">Leadership Commitment,</a> guiding how and why we make decisions, show up for each other, and win. It’s what makes us MongoDB.&nbsp;</p>
<p>To drive the personal growth and business impact of our employees, we’re committed to developing a supportive and enriching culture for everyone. <a href="https://www.mongodb.com/company/blog/culture/employee-benefits-that-make-a-difference-at-mongodb">From employee affinity groups, to fertility assistance and a generous parental leave policy</a>, we value our employees’ wellbeing and want to support them along every step of their professional and personal journeys.<a href="https://www.mongodb.com/blog/channel/culture"> Learn more about what it’s like to work at MongoDB</a>, and help us make an impact on the world!</p>
<p>MongoDB is committed to providing any necessary accommodations for individuals with disabilities within our application and interview process. To request an accommodation due to a disability, please inform your recruiter.</p>
<p>REQ ID: 1273390832<br><br></p>