<p>Stability AI is a community and mission-driven, open artificial intelligence company that cares deeply about real-world implications and applications. Our most considerable advances grow from our diversity in working across multiple teams and disciplines. We are unafraid to go against established norms and explore creativity. We are motivated to generate breakthrough ideas and convert them into tangible solutions. Our vibrant communities consist of experts, leaders, and partners across the globe who are developing cutting-edge open AI models for Image, Language, Audio, Video, and 3D.</p>
<p>This is an exciting opportunity to work with some of the largest and most sophisticated organizations in the world to realize their potential with Generative AI. As an Enterprise Account Executive, APAC at Stability AI, you’ll join a fast growing sales organization and help grow the company’s top-line revenue by securing deals with large enterprises and growing a brand new market. You’ll leverage your consultative sales expertise to uncover use cases, build trust with customers, and demonstrate the value of Stability AI products and services. You’ll also work closely with Sales Leadership, Solutions Engineering, Product, and Marketing to continually refine and improve our value proposition, sales strategy, and customer offerings. We are looking for an entrepreneurial and experienced enterprise sales professional to grow our business.</p>
<p><strong>Responsibilities:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Work closely with enterprise customers to deeply understand their needs and build solutions with Stability AI’s products and services.</li>
<li>Proactively engage and build relationships with new enterprise customers&nbsp;</li>
<li>Work closely with Stability’s channel partners (e.g. AWS, GCP, Azure) to find opportunities and close deals.</li>
<li>Collaborate closely with Solutions Engineering to deliver solutions to large enterprise customers</li>
<li>Continually refine and improve our value proposition, sales strategy, playbooks, and customer offerings.</li>
<li>Develop and maintain relationships with key decision makers and stakeholders at partner organizations including large cloud vendors, system integrators, IT consulting firms, and app developers</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Qualifications:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>6+ years experience in enterprise sales roles</li>
<li>2+ years experience selling data or AI focused offerings.</li>
<li>Experience growing and selling into the APAC market.</li>
<li>Proven experience exceeding quotas selling seven figure deals.</li>
<li>Proven track record managing complex sales cycles for technical products and building tailored solutions for large enterprise customers</li>
<li>Demonstrated experience engaging and selling into senior executive IT and LOB stakeholders.</li>
<li>Proven strategies for acquiring and growing net new enterprise accounts in targeted verticals and/or territories.</li>
<li>Highly data driven, with an entrepreneurial attitude and desire to win</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>We kindly request that all applications are made directly by candidates, no agencies.</strong></p>
<p><strong>Equal Employment Opportunity:</strong></p>
<p>We are an equal opportunity employer and do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, veteran status, disability or other legally protected statuses.&nbsp;</p>