<h3>Who we are</h3>
<p><strong>About Stripe</strong></p>
<p>Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies—from the world’s largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyone’s reach while doing the most important work of your career.</p>
<h3><strong>About the team</strong></h3>
<p>The People Operations team plays a crucial role in delivering the HR experience at Stripe, providing direct support to our global workforce. As a People Operations Associate, you will be an integral part of this team, collaborating closely with our People &amp; Places teams and Partners. Your responsibilities will include processing transactions, addressing inquiries, conducting audits, and continuously enhancing the services we provide to Stripes worldwide.</p>
<p>We're looking for an enthusiastic People Operations Assistant at the A1 level joining our team in Bangalore. In this role, you will help support the HR team by handling important tasks that keep our processes running smoothly.</p>
<p><strong>What you’ll do</strong></p>
<h3><strong>Responsibilities</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Process HR transactions accurately and on time.</li>
<li>Respond swiftly and accurately to inquiries, ensuring excellent service delivery.</li>
<li>Ensure the accuracy and integrity of our People data by auditing and entering information throughout the employee lifecycle, while also assisting our HRIS team in managing job profiles, job families, and compensation codes.</li>
<li>Facilitate changes in Workday related to hiring, management transitions, cost center updates, and team or location shifts.</li>
<li>Maintain a high degree of accuracy in all data processing tasks to ensure consistency and reliability.</li>
<li>Provide support by responding to employment verification requests and other data inquiries with promptness and accuracy.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Track and manage candidate documentation, and oversee background check processes.</li>
</ul>
<p><em>Follow standard operating procedures (SOP’s) while processing changes and escalate issues to the specialists when faced with complex problems.</em></p>
<ul>
<li>Proactively identify opportunities for process improvements and contribute to the development of automation initiatives.</li>
<li>Take initiative to implement enhancements that support the scalability of the People Operations team.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Who you are</strong></p>
<p>We’re looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.</p>
<h3><strong>Minimum requirements</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Work Experience - 0 to 2 years</li>
<li>Demonstrated experience in HR, ideally within a People Operations or HRIS role.</li>
<li>Comprehensive understanding of HR processes and systems, with familiarity with platforms like Workday being a plus.</li>
<li>Exceptional attention to detail complemented by outstanding organizational skills.</li>
<li>Proficient in managing confidential information with discretion and professionalism.</li>
<li>Enjoy solving problems and collaborating across teams to address issues and enhance processes.</li>
<li>Excellent English communication skills, both written and verbal.</li>
<li>Detail-oriented, analytical, and adaptable, with a commitment to continuous improvement.</li>
<li>Strong capabilities in operational execution and organization.</li>
<li>Exercised discretion and sound judgment in handling confidential and sensitive data.</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>Preferred qualifications</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Experience working in a fast paced, growing environment, preferably in a technology company or large scale organization.</li>
<li>Experience utilizing company policies and practices to determine appropriate recommendations.</li>
</ul>