**At Nord Security, we’re creating a safer cyber future.**

We help people and businesses take back control of their online security, privacy, and data. From VPNs to password managers, threat intelligence to eSIMs for travel—our teams turn complex problems into solutions trusted by millions worldwide.

Life is online. In this role, you’ll help people own it.

Our **TA department** comprises 25 Talent Acquisition Partners and Talent Attraction Specialists, who are creating a better cyber future by building strong teams based on our values and key competencies.

## Main Responsibilities

- Be responsible for the full cycle recruitment. Covering technical and non-technical roles;
- Conduct HR (competency-based) interviews - identify candidates' cultural and professional fit for the position;
- Collaborate and support hiring managers in all things related to the recruitment cycle;
- Be an expert on company products and have a deep understanding of hiring needs, position specifications, and search requirements;
- Be adept at analyzing and working with recruitment data;
- Proactively investigate new ideas and implement them at the team or company level;
- Build and maintain a network of professional relationships to develop a highly qualified candidate pool.

## Core Requirements

- **Proven recruitment experience**, including the use of recruitment tools and social platforms
- **Strong understanding of recruitment metrics** with a **data-driven and analytical approach**
- **Highly organized, tech-savvy**, and able to track and optimize performance
- **Clear and effective communicator**, fluent in English
- **Positive, proactive, and can-do attitude** with an eagerness to try new ideas
- **Flexible and adaptable**, thriving in fast-paced, constantly evolving environments

## Salary Range

- Gross Salary 2400-3400 EUR/Month.

**What We Offer**

**Innovate with industry leaders**

Work alongside global experts to build world-leading cybersecurity tools, impacting millions of users around the world.

**Learn & grow**

Boost your skills via our extensive training programs (online and offline) & other resources. Benefit from mentorship and career-switch opportunities to grow within the company.

**Work in a next-gen Cyber City office**

Thrive in our bustling office, featuring ergonomic workspaces, modern meeting rooms, engaging events, and specialty coffee to fuel your day.

**Hybrid work**

Enjoy the flexibility with 3 office days and working from home for the remaining 2.

**Work from anywhere**

Recharge with a change of scenery – choose work from any location when you feel a need to power your creativity and drive.

**Physical well-being**

Boost your health with free-of-charge 24/7 gym access, onsite and online workouts, and consultations led by in-house Physical Well-Being experts.

**Mental & emotional health**

Nurture your mind with free psychologist consultations, dedicated mental health events, and premium access to top-rated wellness apps like Calm, Headspace, and Mindletic.

**Premium healthcare**

Receive private health insurance giving you peace of mind for your health needs.

**Extra days off**

Enjoy additional vacation days off as you grow with us. Plus, get extra days for sick leave, special occasions, or parenting needs.

**Joyful moments – special treats**

Celebrate life’s big moments with special gifts from us on your birthday, anniversary, and other major events, such as weddings or the arrival of a new family member.

**Company events & team-building**

Experience iconic Nord Security celebrations, team-buildings, and knowledge-sharing events, nurturing bonds that fuel our success.

**Workation**

Embark on a legendary company getaway abroad, filled with exciting activities, live concerts, engaging workshops, and epic time together.

*Kindly refer to our Privacy Notice for Recruitment Candidates for comprehensive information regarding our data handling procedures throughout recruitment processes:* <https://bit.ly/40GWyjL>

*We expect all candidates to provide accurate and complete information during the recruitment process. While limited use of AI tools to refine application materials is acceptable, candidates remain fully responsible for ensuring that their submissions reflect their own qualifications, skills, and experience. Any failure to do so may negatively affect participation in the recruitment process. If broader AI assistance is allowed for a particular role or stage, we’ll let you know in advance.*

*By submitting your application, you acknowledge that it may be processed using automated tools for evaluation purposes. As part of our recruitment process, we may use an AI-based application review tool to help assess applications based on skills and experience relevant to the role. This technology is used to support - not replace - human decision-making, and every application is ultimately reviewed by a recruiter.*

*If you would like more information about how AI is used in this process or wish to exercise your rights under applicable data privacy laws, please contact us at [privacy@nordaccount.com](mailto:privacy@nordaccount.com). Should you prefer to opt out of the automated evaluation, please submit your application directly to [career@nordsec.com](mailto:career@nordsec.com).*