<div class="content-intro"><p>Amplitude is the leading AI analytics platform, helping over 4,700 customers—including Atlassian, Burger King, NBCUniversal, and Square—build better products and digital experiences. With powerful AI Agents embedded across our platform, teams can analyze, test, and optimize user experiences faster than ever. Ranked #1 across multiple categories in G2’s Winter 2026 Report, Amplitude is the best-in-class solution for product, data, and marketing teams. Learn more at <a href="http://amplitude.com">amplitude.com</a>.</p>
<p>As an organization, we deliver for our customers by living our values. We operate from a place of humility, take ownership of problems and successes, approach challenges with a growth mindset, and put our customers at the center of everything we do.</p>
<p><strong>Amplitude’s Commitment to Diversity Equity &amp; Inclusion (DEI): </strong>Amplitude believes that diversity enables the creation of better products, improves the ability to solve complex problems, and drives more powerful solutions. We strive to create an environment of inclusion—one focused on psychological safety, empathy, and human connection—that will allow employees of all backgrounds to thrive.</p></div><p><strong>Partner Sales Manager</strong></p>
<p>Amplitude’s Partner ecosystem is made up of the best-in-class consultancies, agencies and technology providers globally. We are looking for a Partner Sales Manager to drive revenue in collaboration with our top solution and technology partners. You will be responsible for pipeline creation and partner sales contribution in London, England. As a Partner Sales Manager you will prioritize which partners to recruit in-region (solution and resell partners), and how to build predictable sourced pipeline with those who you recruit.</p>
<p>You will build a partner business plan with each of your primary partners in order to ensure repeatable sales pipeline; coordinate co-marketing to drive pipeline creation; and work closely with the sales leadership in your territory to keep field sellers and partners aligned for mutual success.</p>
<p>This role is on the global partner team, and you will work cross-functionally with sales, partner marketing, programs &amp; operations, and enablement to ensure partner success.</p>
<h4>&nbsp;<strong>As a Partner Sales Manager, you will:&nbsp;</strong></h4>
<ul>
<li>Align with Sales leadership to develop a partner strategy appropriate your territory, designed to achieve identified pipeline and revenue targets&nbsp;</li>
<li>Co-create partner plans with your regional partners to enable field activities (e.g. account mapping, co-marketing, solution plays)</li>
<li>Build partner-sourced and assisted pipeline in your territory</li>
<li>Be the trusted advisor to AEs and make working with partners easy&nbsp;</li>
<li>Pre-qualify partners on opportunities they source</li>
<li>Prepare partners to productively meet with Amplitude AEs</li>
<li>Activate new partners in region that help broaden and enhance Amplitude’s platform by driving partner-sourced revenue</li>
<li>Track joint sales pipeline and attend internal forecast calls to provide visibility into partner-sourced opportunities, including identifying where partners are a good fit to assist existing opportunities</li>
</ul>
<h4><strong>You'll be a great addition to the team if you have:&nbsp;</strong></h4>
<ul>
<li>Must have at least 5-8 years of experience in Partner Sales, Channel Management or Partner Development roles</li>
<li>Experience in a fast-paced environment, growing and managing partner-sourced pipeline in mid-size and enterprise market segments</li>
<li>Use data to make decisions about priorities, and focus on outcomes over activities</li>
<li>Solve complex problems and design processes, a doer with a bias for execution</li>
<li>Are motivated by exceeding revenue targets</li>
<li>Knowledge of the Product Management or Analytics, Experimentation &amp; Growth landscape is preferred. You might have worked in the industry or have a passion for learning</li>
<li>An entrepreneurial mindset to build new partnerships, create new categories, and make an impact</li>
<li>A passion for collaborating with colleagues in a team centric environment</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><p>By applying for this job, you acknowledge that Amplitude processes your personal data in accordance with the <a href="https://amplitude.com/job-applicant-privacy-notice">Amplitude Applicant Privacy Notice</a>.</p>
<p><em data-stringify-type="italic">Staying Safe - Protect Yourself From Recruitment Fraud</em><br><em data-stringify-type="italic">We are aware of individuals and entities fraudulently representing themselves as Amplitude recruiters and/or hiring managers. Amplitude will never ask for financial information or payment, or for personal information such as bank account number or social security number during the job application or interview process. Any emails from the Amplitude recruiting team will come from an @</em><em data-stringify-type="italic"><a class="c-link" href="http://amplitude.com/" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="http://amplitude.com" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">amplitude.com</a></em><em data-stringify-type="italic">&nbsp;email address. You can learn more about how to protect yourself from these types of fraud by referring to&nbsp;</em><em data-stringify-type="italic"><a class="c-link" href="https://consumer.ftc.gov/consumer-alerts/2023/05/scammers-are-hijacking-job-ads-heres-how-spot-fakes" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://consumer.ftc.gov/consumer-alerts/2023/05/scammers-are-hijacking-job-ads-heres-how-spot-fakes" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">this article</a></em><em data-stringify-type="italic">. Please exercise caution and cease communications if something feels suspicious about your interactions.</em></p></div>