The Synchrotron squad, part of the Client Platform Studio, plays a key role in providing the architectural foundation for our mobile apps. We’re looking for a passionate and skilled IOS/C++ Engineer to join the band and help us scale our platform for the future.

As our app codebase continues to grow, we’re committed to keeping development smooth, efficient, and joyful for our feature engineers. That’s where you come in! Your role will be instrumental in shaping our architecture to ensure developers can work within isolated systems, reducing cognitive load and build complexity—so they can focus on building the features our users love. You'll be working on establishing and maintaining building blocks that help teams across Spotify reason about application state and logic flow with clarity.

You’ll collaborate closely with teams across the Client Platform Studio, including feature developers, build configuration owners, and infrastructure engineers. Ensuring that our platform continues to empower innovation at scale. If you’re passionate about creating tools and systems that let developers thrive, come help us make Spotify even better for the millions of people who rely on it every day.

## What You'll Do

- Join a collaborative and autonomous team of engineers dedicated to improving the mobile app architecture at Spotify
- Implement and maintain isolation strategies for SEM (Software Ecosystem Model) conformance within repositories and across multiple repositories, ensuring that systems are designed to be developed and tested in isolation to improve build performance and reduce interdependencies.
- Enable flawless interoperability between C++ within the IOS codebase, demonstrating modern language capabilities to enhance software development efficiency and maintainability.
- Use established service systems (from platform or in-house solutions) to manage application services and their lifecycles effectively, ensuring that services are robust, scalable, and maintainable.
- Guide the composition of the app by thoughtfully integrating and using features and building blocks sourced from various parts of the organization, with a focus on improving product quality through foundational building blocks.
- Promote sound engineering practices, drive work on technical strategy and roadmaps.

## Who You Are

- Proficiency C++ is required, and ideally also some knowledge in iOS development. Having expertise in both is a significant advantage. Candidates should demonstrate strong proficiency in C++, along with some experience in iOS, and a strong willingness to further deepen their knowledge.
- A great teammate who takes initiative and has the ability to see the bigger picture, especially when it comes to improving developer experience
- Strong understanding of software architecture and design principles
- Excellent problem-solving skills and attention to detail
- Strong communication and collaboration skills to work effectively with multi-functional teams
- Experience with modular codebases and code isolation strategies
- Knowledge of service-oriented architecture and lifecycle management

## Where You'll Be

- This role is based in London or Stockholm
- We offer you the flexibility to work where you work best! There will be some in person meetings, but still allows for flexibility to work from home.

Spotify is an equal opportunity employer. You are welcome at Spotify for who you are, no matter where you come from, what you look like, or what’s playing in your headphones. Our platform is for everyone, and so is our workplace. The more voices we have represented and amplified in our business, the more we will all thrive, contribute, and be forward-thinking! So bring us your personal experience, your perspectives, and your background. It’s in our differences that we will find the power to keep revolutionizing the way the world listens.

At Spotify, we are passionate about inclusivity and making sure our entire recruitment process is accessible to everyone. We have ways to request reasonable accommodations during the interview process and help assist in what you need. If you need accommodations at any stage of the application or interview process, please let us know - we’re here to support you in any way we can.

Spotify transformed music listening forever when we launched in 2008. Our mission is to unlock the potential of human creativity by giving a million creative artists the opportunity to live off their art and billions of fans the chance to enjoy and be passionate about these creators. Everything we do is driven by our love for music and podcasting. Today, we are the world’s most popular audio streaming subscription service.