<div class="content-intro"><p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Every day, tens of millions of people come to Roblox to explore, create, play, learn, and connect with friends in 3D immersive digital experiences– all created by our global community of developers and creators.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">At Roblox, we’re building the tools and platform that empower our community to bring any experience that they can imagine to life. Our vision is to reimagine the way people come together, from anywhere in the world, and on any device.</span><strong> </strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re on a mission to connect a billion people with optimism and civility, and looking for amazing talent to help us get there.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">A career at Roblox means you’ll be working to shape the future of human interaction, solving unique technical challenges at scale, and helping to create safer, more civil shared experiences for everyone.</span></p></div><p>As a <strong>Social Media</strong> <strong>Analyst</strong> you will be a strategic researcher who uses social data to translate real time and long-term shifts in the perception of Safety, Support and user experiences, and evolving user behaviors into high-level synthesis and escalations that informs Roblox's immediate response and long-term plan and product roadmap. You will leverage sophisticated investigation skills to validate trends online and translate them into meaningful, actionable insights.&nbsp;</p>
<p>This role will report directly to the Senior Manager, Support Operations and is a full time hybrid position based in our Gurugram, India offices.</p>
<p>Shift: 2pm-10:30pm IST (Cabs will be provided)</p>
<h3><span style="font-size: 10pt;"><strong>You Will:</strong></span></h3>
<ul>
<li><strong>Provide Deep-Dive Analysis:</strong> Move beyond engagement metrics to perform deep-dive research into specific audience segments&nbsp;</li>
<li><strong>Long-term Sentiment Mapping:</strong> Track the evolution of platform sentiment over months and years, identifying the root causes of major shifts in user trust or affinity.</li>
<li><strong>Real-Time Monitoring &amp; Signal Detection: </strong>Continuously monitor social platforms, forums, and influential voices for Roblox, our executive leadership, and emerging platform trends.</li>
<li><strong>Trend Forecasting:</strong> Use predictive modeling and social signal detection to forecast "the next big thing" in digital play and social interaction.</li>
<li><strong>Turn insights into action:</strong> by building formalized and detailed analysis into trends, escalations and user behavior on social media and escalating to internal stakeholders to do more detailed, on platform analysis.</li>
<li><strong>Feature Feedback Loops:</strong> Synthesize community feedback into structured "Insights Reports" for Product and Engineering teams to help prioritize the development of new platform features or to iterate and improve on existing.</li>
<li><strong>Reporting &amp; Strategic Coordination:&nbsp;</strong>Develop and maintain digestible dashboards and trackers using data visualization tools to support editorial and leadership teams.</li>
<li><strong>Advanced Querying:</strong> Build and refine complex Boolean queries and "topic clusters" to capture nuanced conversations across fragmented digital spaces.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>You Have:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>5+ years of experience in a fast-paced technology company, with a focus on customer support or social media operations.</li>
<li>5+ years of experience leveraging social media and web based content for trends, analysis and insight to enable and inform internal stakeholders.</li>
<li>A proven track record of supporting complex, cross-functional programs.</li>
<li>Expertise in social media listening and support tools, with the ability to create clear reporting, actionable insights, and effective escalation paths.</li>
<li>Experience working with online communities and a strong understanding of how to align on requirements with other operational teams.</li>
<li>A comprehensive understanding of internal escalations, crisis management and customer experience principles.</li>
<li>The ability to thrive in a dynamic, high-growth environment and drive results.</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><p>Roles that are based in an office are onsite Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thursday, with optional presence on Monday and Friday (unless otherwise noted).</p>
<p>Roblox provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any type without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws. Roblox also provides reasonable accommodations to candidates with qualifying disabilities or religious beliefs during the recruiting process.</p>
<p>For US based roles only, please note the Company may not be able to employ candidates for this role who have United States work authorization related to certain U.S. visa categories, or support future H-1B sponsorship at this time.</p></div>