<p><strong>About this opportunity:</strong><strong><br></strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 300;">As a Senior Manager, Software Test Engineering you will join our team to build and manage a team verifying and validating Freenome’s engineering software platform that is part of our diagnostic products. You will partner cross-functionally with our engineering, product, regulatory, quality and sciences teams to lead the verification and validation of our software platform and contribute to the success of Engineering and Freenome as a whole. The ideal candidate is comfortable working in a dynamic, flexible environment and adapting to rapid technological progress and change.<br></span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 300;">You are passionate about building and developing strong teams, have a high sense of ownership and take pride in being a servant leader while continuing to make an individual impact. You will have a significant impact on the continued growth of a high profile technology organization that is changing the landscape on early cancer detection.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 300;">The role reports to the Senior Director, Software Engineering. This role will be a remote role.</span></p>
<p><strong>What you’ll do:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Partner with Regulatory Affairs and Quality Assurance teams in creating robust and sustainable software validation processes to ensure Freenome’s software meets regulatory standards and guidelines.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Coordinate software testing efforts within and across teams and advocate for effective test strategies aligned with other efforts to ensure Freenome's software is of the highest quality.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Partner with Product teams, Technical Project Managers, and Systems Integration teams to ensure features are production-ready and to guarantee the quality and success of Engineering software.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Support recruitment, technical staffing, and organizational design to rapidly structure and grow the testing team as it scales.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Supervise the training and development of test engineering staff, working with leadership to establish unified principles for software quality and development at Freenome.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Evaluate and improve your team's performance by utilizing comprehensive review processes and charting out personal growth plans for direct reports.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Review and improve test plans, transform gaps in software testing into actionable initiatives, and coordinate their completion.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Design and develop resilient Test framework and tooling by delivering features and enhancements for test engineering to be deployed across the entire engineering organization.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Drive the vision and strategy of an effective Software Testing Lifecycle, focusing on comprehensive test automation and setting technical direction for your engineers.<br></span></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Must haves:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><span style="font-weight: 300;">BS, MS or Ph.D. in Computer Science, Engineering, a related technical field, or comparable experience.</span></li>
<li><span style="font-weight: 300;">8+ years of experience in software testing and quality, coupled with a proven track record of proposing and executing successful test automation initiatives.</span></li>
<li><span style="font-weight: 300;">3+ years of experience in software test management, preferably in highly regulated industries such as healthcare and medical devices, with demonstrated ability to structure, grow, and optimize a team for execution.</span></li>
<li><span style="font-weight: 300;">Experience creating software quality processes, strategies, and metrics in an Agile sprint planning environment.</span></li>
<li><span style="font-weight: 300;">Expertise in testing backend and frontend cloud software applications.</span></li>
<li><span style="font-weight: 300;">Excellent verbal and written communication skills to effectively mentor engineers, build a sustainable testing culture, and partner with stakeholders.</span></li>
<li><span style="font-weight: 300;">A mindful, transparent, and patient centric approach driven by trust, integrity, and empathy.<br></span></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Nice to haves:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><span style="font-weight: 300;">Experience working with Verification &amp; Validation (V&amp;V) for applications in high governance industries subject to HIPAA, CAP, CLIA, SOC2, etc.</span></li>
<li><span style="font-weight: 300;">Experience testing cloud native distributed applications using container management tools like Docker, Kubernetes, Terraform, or Pulumi.</span></li>
<li><span style="font-weight: 300;">Domain-specific experience in software as a medical device, healthcare, or a related field.</span></li>
<li><span style="font-weight: 300;">Experience in risk management, project management, and resource planning, particularly in startup environments.</span></li>
<li><span style="font-weight: 300;">Direct experience with clinical interoperability standards such as FHIR and HL7v2.<br></span></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Benefits and additional information:</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 300;">The US target range of our</span><span style="font-weight: 300;"> base salary</span><span style="font-weight: 300;"> for new hires is $201,450 - $286,650.</span><span style="font-weight: 300;">&nbsp;You will also be eligible to receive equity, cash bonuses, and a full range of medical, financial, and other benefits depending on the position offered.&nbsp; Please note that individual total compensation for this position will be determined at the Company’s sole discretion and may vary based on several factors, including but not limited to, location, skill level, years and depth of relevant experience, and education. We invite you to check out our career page @ <em><a href="http://freenome.com/job-openings/" target="\_blank" data-saferedirecturl="https://www.google.com/url?q=http://freenome.com/job-openings/&amp;source=gmail&amp;ust=1708620295766000&amp;usg=AOvVaw0K-a4lTJ0RquYagpqS-yp4">freenome.com/job-openings/</a></em> </span><span style="font-weight: 300;">for additional company information.&nbsp;&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 300;">Freenome is proud to be an equal-opportunity employer, and we value diversity. Freenome does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, marital status, age, national origin, ancestry, physical or mental disability, medical condition, pregnancy, genetic information, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, veteran status, or any other status protected under federal, state, or local </span><span style="font-weight: 300;">law.</span></p>
<p><em><span style="font-weight: 300;">Applicants have rights under Federal Employment Laws.&nbsp;&nbsp;</span></em></p>
<ul>
<li><a href="https://www.dol.gov/agencies/whd/posters/fmla" target="\_blank"><em><span style="font-weight: 300;">Family &amp; Medical Leave Act (FMLA)</span></em></a></li>
<li><a href="https://www.dol.gov/agencies/ofccp/posters" target="\_blank"><em><span style="font-weight: 300;">Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO)</span></em></a></li>
<li><a href="https://www.dol.gov/agencies/whd/posters/employee-polygraph-protection-act" target="\_blank"><em><span style="font-weight: 300;">Employee Polygraph Protection Act (EPPA)</span></em></a></li>
</ul>
<p><span style="color: #ecf0f1;"><em><span style="font-weight: 300;">#LI-REMOTE</span></em></span></p>