### About Toptal

Toptal is a global network of top talent in business, design, and technology that enables companies to scale their teams, on-demand. With $200+ million in annual revenue **and team members based around the globe**, Toptal is the [world’s largest fully remote workforce](https://www.toptal.com/remote-work-playbook).

We take the best elements of virtual teams and combine them with a support structure that encourages innovation, social interaction, and fun. We see no borders, move at a fast pace, and are never afraid to break the mold.

### Job Summary:

As General Manager, you will play a pivotal role in driving Toptal’s growth by serving as the end-to-end owner of a new, high-impact business line. Leveraging your commercial and entrepreneurial experience, you will build the business from the ground up, starting with market positioning and strategy, through establishing product-market fit, and then, towards profitability and scalable business operations.

This is a remote position. Resumes and communication must be submitted in English.

### Responsibilities:

*The following information is intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed. It is not intended to be an exhaustive list of all duties, responsibilities, or required skills.*

Your primary objective will be to ensure the success of the business, measured by revenue growth, pipeline health, and gross margin. As the single accountable owner for the business P&L, you will work to optimize supply and demand for the business, and balance driving the top line while achieving operational efficiency. You will work closely with Executive and Senior Leadership to ensure the business is aligned with the broader growth goals of Toptal, and represents the Toptal brand in every aspect.

As you build your business strategy, you will analyze market and industry opportunities and identify those with highest potential. Following an agile approach, you will build and test new offerings with clients, using initial client feedback to quickly achieve product-market fit. Working closely with Marketing and Talent Operations, you will lead the creation of an execution plan to ensure the right talent and/or solutions are identified and available to deliver on demand to Toptal clients.

Critical for success is your ability to work both on the front-lines with clients, guiding them as a trusted business partner through their business challenges, and internally at Toptal where you will work cross-functionally with teams such as Marketing, Legal, Finance, and Sales. Additionally, you will establish robust analytics and feedback loops to continuously iterate on your initial strategy, ensuring constant refinement and improvement.

This highly visible position demands a leader with exceptional communication skills, an entrepreneurial spirit, and an unwavering commitment to driving growth. If you are passionate about launching new ventures and transforming them into substantial revenue opportunities, we encourage you to join our team and be at the forefront of Toptal’s continued success.

#### In the first week, expect to:

* Onboard and integrate into Toptal.
* Learn Toptal’s business model, our value proposition, and our story.
* Shadow critical teams throughout the organization to learn Toptal’s core operations and capabilities.

#### In the first month, expect to:

* Understand our go-to-market model across SMB and Enterprise, and be able to articulate Toptal’s capabilities and differentiators.
* Conduct market and industry research, identifying opportunities and form your hypothesis for business positioning.
* Partner closely with Marketing to research and validate the market opportunity and ability to fulfill the demand.
* Exercising discretion and independent judgment, build your initial GTM strategy and offerings, iterating on the strategy through feedback from direct client calls and meetings.

#### In the first three months, expect to:

* Partner with Marketing and Talent Operations to develop a robust launch strategy, ensuring all aspects follow Toptal’s launch playbook and best practices.
* Start executing your GTM strategy leveraging internal cross-functional support from Legal, Finance, and others.
* Work with Sales Leadership to work collaboratively with account teams during both client pursuits and delivery.

#### In the first six months, expect to:

* Have executed the first stages of your GTM strategy and shown material growth in gross revenue and pipeline volume.
* Become deeply embedded in the Integrated Customer Framework for both SMB and Enterprise clients, participating in account planning exercises and industry events.

#### In the first year, expect to:

* Have broadened Toptal’s reach into key industry and subsectors.
* Continue scaling the infrastructure required for execution, including the optimization of people, processes, and systems.
* Be able to look back on consecutive quarters of growth, having achieved product-market fit and successfully realized your core business and sales KPIs.

### Qualifications and Job Requirements:

* Bachelor’s degree is required. Master’s degree in Engineering or a related field preferred.
* Demonstrated experience serving as the product leader for a business or business unit, with ownership of product strategy, roadmap prioritization, and outcomes in close partnership with Engineering.
* 10+ years of demonstrated experience driving and managing a business with a strong understanding of business operations and management principles.
* 3+ years managing a business specifically with P&L ownership.
* Experience working in a professional services organization, driving business growth.
* Demonstrated success in, or entrepreneurial experience that is commensurate to, building and launching a new business or product offering from scratch.
* Experience at a technology or hyper-growth company is strongly preferred.
* Management consulting experience at a top-tier firm (e.g., McKinsey, Bain, BCG) or investment banking experience is preferred but not required.
* Leadership experience, including responsibility for business results in a fast-paced, multi-function environment.
* Refined relationship development & leadership skills with a proven track record of success in building credibility across all levels of an organization. You can develop positive relationships across the business to partner on key initiatives and gain consensus on processes and strategies.
* Experience with marketing technology and automation, including familiarity with marketing platforms, CRMs, and other technologies.
* Experience establishing high-impact, revenue-generating commercial relationships.
* Confidence in your analysis abilities, with proven success in delivering results in ambiguous and sophisticated project efforts.
* Strong commercial acumen, informing all priorities and decisions with a keen understanding of market needs and business goals.
* Strong command over a P&L and financial metrics.
* Must have excellent written and oral communication skills. Good communication is at the core of everything we do, and you must be a strong communicator able to work with a wide range of stakeholders from senior executives to individual contributors.
* Excellent organization skills and detail-oriented. You are hyper-organized, know how to work efficiently, and prioritize execution, as well as mentor others to do the same.
* Adaptable. Comfortable managing changing priorities, learning new skills, and building consensus across varied senior stakeholder groups.
* Ownership. You are a dependable leader who takes responsibility for your success as well as the success of the entire team.
* Quality. You take pride in everything you deliver as a reflection of yourself.
* Ability to work in a fast-paced, rapidly growing company and handle a wide variety of challenges, deadlines, and a diverse array of contacts.
* You must be a world-class individual contributor to thrive at Toptal. You will not be here just to tell other people what to do.

#####