<div class="content-intro"><p><strong>COMPANY OVERVIEW</strong></p>
<p>KKR is a leading global investment firm that offers alternative asset management as well as capital markets and insurance solutions. KKR aims to generate attractive investment returns by following a patient and disciplined investment approach, employing world-class people, and supporting growth in its portfolio companies and communities. KKR sponsors investment funds that invest in private equity, credit and real assets and has strategic partners that manage hedge funds. KKR’s insurance subsidiaries offer retirement, life and reinsurance products under the management of Global Atlantic Financial Group. References to KKR’s investments may include the activities of its sponsored funds and insurance subsidiaries.</p></div><p><strong>KKR's Gurugram office </strong>is an extension of KKR global teams and partners with global stakeholders in driving scale and expanded value through operational excellence and transformation reflecting KKR's global culture and values of teamwork, collaboration, and innovation. The office will grow to contain multifunctional business capabilities and will be integral in furthering the growth and transformation of KKR.</p>
<p><strong>TEAM OVERVIEW</strong></p>
<p>The Operations Department enables KKR’s businesses by supporting the lifecycles of our investments, investors, and funds from one global operating platform. Leveraging a data-driven approach, the team’s operating verticals align with our businesses to ensure that we provide best in class service to internal and external stakeholders while using technology, process, and location as tools to adapt and scale.<br>This role would offer comprehensive exposure to all the various sub-divisions including and not limited to private and credit market operations across Investment, Client, Treasury and Data Operations. The teams engage in a range of activities critical to operational excellence, stakeholder engagement, and reporting, contributing significantly to KKR’s operational success.<br>Below is a brief overview of few of our Operations sub-divisions:</p>
<ul>
<li>Investment Operations: This division supports the firm’s day-to-day middle-office and back-office operations during the lifecycle of investments for various capital markets transactions that drive business decisions. The team collaborates closely with KKR’s Investment Data Operations, Controllership and Finance teams to ensure accurate processing and reporting of the investments, servicing assets, liabilities, and fund vehicles across the firm</li>
<li>Client Operations: This division is a global team involved in the entire lifecycle of an investor and plays a critical role in ensuring exceptional service delivery to Clients. Different verticals in this team are Onboarding, Inquiries, Communications, Investor Services and Reporting. Client Operations team partners with key internal and external stakeholders to ensure smooth flow of processes</li>
<li>Treasury: Global team members operating as one team to optimize resources, manage risk, support business strategic needs in the areas of cash &amp; liquidity management, treasury project management, wire management, and investor capital services</li>
<li>Data Operations: This division operates as an enterprise data group to collect, manage, and harness the power of data across KKR’s diverse functions &amp; portfolio investments. Sitting within the Global Operations organization, this group helps ensure all KKR data is accessible, consumable, and drives the curation of insights across the organization</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>POSITION SUMMARY</strong></p>
<p>The Operations Lead is a senior leadership position responsible for collaboratively leading and overseeing the entire Global Operations function in Gurugram. You will partner with Global Stakeholders as well as the Gurugram Operations Co-lead to deliver on the operations workflows across private and credit investment processes. The Operations lead will also join the Gurugram Leadership team to partner in driving the office roadmap and strategic goals. This role is onsite in the Gurugram office of KKR and is a 5-day work from office set up.</p>
<p><strong>ROLES &amp; RESPONSIBILITIES</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Be a thought leader and partner to establish and implement the strategic roadmap for the Operations function in Gurugram, with a particular emphasis on aligning it with KKR’s Global Operations goals and capabilities.</li>
<li>Demonstrate subject matter expertise in Private and Credit Investment and Client Operations lifecycles and processes.</li>
<li>Responsible for daily, monthly, and quarterly deliveries from the functional teams in Gurugram with a specific focus on operational excellence, stakeholder engagement, and reporting.</li>
<li>Drive process transformation, development and implementation of best practices and procedures to optimize performance and promote efficiency.</li>
<li>Build high performing and highly engaged teams through deep subject matter expertise, transparency, accountability enabling long term career growth and development.</li>
<li>Deliver on people manager responsibilities on hiring and onboarding, training programs and championing employee development, performance management, problem solving and conflict management and team engagement.</li>
<li>Maintain clear and consistent communication across Global Operations stakeholders and build strong relationships with Business Operations teams including Finance, Technology, Tax, Legal &amp; Compliance, etc. to foster collaboration and alignment.</li>
<li>Develop and report on Key Performance Indicators (“KPI’s”) to assess the productivity and performance of the Gurugram team.</li>
<li>Stay up to date with industry trends and technology advancements, evaluate the impact on the business, and identify potential opportunities for innovation.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>QUALIFICATIONS</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Bachelor’s Degree in related field (Economics, Finance or Business) required. Advanced degrees or certifications (eg CFA, CPA or MBA) is an added qualification.</li>
<li>Minimum 15+ years of experience in an operations leadership role in a private equity firm or similar investment environment.</li>
<li>Proven leadership experience in managing and developing high-performing teams, specifically in a fast paced and high performing environment.</li>
<li>Ability to think critically, make decisions, and provide solutions to complex operational problems.</li>
<li>Excellent communication, interpersonal, and relationship management skills</li>
<li>Understanding of private equity processes within business operations</li>
<li>Ability to prioritize and make decisions in a fast‐paced environment</li>
<li>Strong organizational skills and work ethics</li>
<li>Trustworthy, thought leader and self-starter</li>
<li>Technical capabilities on SQL, VBA and data visualization tools like Tableau or Power BI preferred.</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><p>KKR is an equal opportunity employer.&nbsp; Individuals seeking employment are considered without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, veteran status, sexual orientation, or any other category protected by applicable law.</p>
<p>KKR will provide reasonable accommodations as required by applicable federal, state, and/or local laws. Individuals seeking an accommodation for the application or interview process should email&nbsp;<a href="mailto:Benefits@kkr.com">Benefits@kkr.com</a>. Emails sent for unrelated issues, such as following up on an application, will not receive a response.</p>
<p>If you are a qualified individual with a disability or a disabled veteran, you may request a reasonable accommodation if you are unable or limited in your ability to use or access&nbsp;<a href="https://www.kkr.com/careers" data-saferedirecturl="https://www.google.com/url?q=https://www.kkr.com/careers&amp;source=gmail&amp;ust=1774021690220000&amp;usg=AOvVaw1AG2WRszai8PfCsE-FH5EJ">https://www.kkr.com/careers</a>&nbsp;because of your disability. You can request reasonable accommodations by sending an email to&nbsp;<a href="mailto:Benefits@kkr.com">Benefits@kkr.com</a>. Only emails left for this purpose will be returned.</p>
<p><strong>Massachusetts Applicants:</strong>&nbsp;It is unlawful in Massachusetts to require or administer a lie detector test as a condition of employment or continued employment. An employer who violates this law shall be subject to criminal penalties and civil liability. This notice&nbsp;applies only&nbsp;to applicants and employees who work or will work in Massachusetts, in accordance with applicable state law.</p></div>