<p><span style="color: #000000; background-color: transparent;">MongoDB’s mission is to empower innovators to create, transform, and disrupt industries by unleashing the power of software and data. We enable organizations of all sizes to easily build, scale, and run modern applications by helping them modernize legacy workloads, embrace innovation, and unleash AI. Our industry-leading developer data platform, MongoDB Atlas, is the only globally distributed, multi-cloud database and is available in more than 115 regions across AWS, Google Cloud, and Microsoft Azure. Atlas allows customers to build and run applications anywhere—on premises, or across cloud providers. With offices worldwide and over 175,000 new developers signing up to use MongoDB every month, it’s no wonder that leading organizations, like Samsung and Toyota, trust MongoDB to build next-generation, AI-powered applications.</span></p>
<h3>About the role</h3>
<p>We’re looking for a hardworking, driven individual with superb energy, passion and initiative for new business acquisition. The Enterprise Account Executive role focuses exclusively on formulating and executing a sales strategy within an assigned territory, resulting in revenue growth and new customer acquisition.</p>
<h3>About the Sales Culture</h3>
<p>MongoDB is always developing and innovating — not only in our technology, but also in our sales go-to-market strategy. Our sales leadership is committed to building the best salesforce in technology. This means, inspiring and enabling success for everyone on the team. We not only equip you to be successful and close deals, but we want your feedback and input on how we can continue to “<a href="https://www.mongodb.com/company">Think Big and Go Far</a>.” As a crucial part of the Sales team at MongoDB, you will have access to a lucrative market and learn how to sell from some of the most successful sales leaders in the software industry.</p>
<h3>What you will be doing</h3>
<ul>
<li>Proactively, identify, qualify and close a sales pipeline&nbsp;</li>
<li>Strategically prospect into CTOs, Engineering/IT Leaders, &amp; technical end users</li>
<li>Build strong and effective relationships, resulting in growth opportunities</li>
<li>Partner with our Solution Architects and work closely with the Professional Services team to achieve customer satisfaction</li>
<li>Work closely with the enterprise ecosystem partner sales and channel partner to maximize deal sizes</li>
<li>Participate in our sales enablement trainings, including our comprehensive Sales Bootcamp, sophisticated sales training, and leadership and development programs</li>
</ul>
<h3>What you will bring to the table</h3>
<ul>
<li>5+ years of field experience of quota-carrying experience in a fast-paced and competitive market with a focus on closing net new logos&nbsp;</li>
<li>Demonstrated ability to open new accounts and run a complex sales process&nbsp;</li>
<li>A proven track record of overachievement and hitting sales targets</li>
<li>Ability to articulate the business value of complex enterprise technology</li>
<li>Skilled in building business champions</li>
<li>Driven and competitive. Possess a strong desire to be successful</li>
<li>Fluent in English</li>
<li>Must live in territory</li>
</ul>
<h3>Things we love</h3>
<ul>
<li>Passionate about growing your career in the largest market in software (database)</li>
<li>Previous Sales Methodology training (e.g. MEDDIC, SPIN, Challenger Sales)</li>
<li>Familiarity with databases, develops and open source technology a plus</li>
</ul>
<h3>Why join now</h3>
<ul>
<li>MongoDB invests heavily in the development of each of our new hires &amp; continuous career development</li>
<li>Accelerators up to 30%</li>
<li>Best in breed Sales trainings in MEDDIC and Command of the Message, including our comprehensive Sales Bootcamps and development programs</li>
<li>New hire stock equity (RSUs) and employee stock purchase plan</li>
<li>Generous and competitive benefits (parental leave, fertility &amp; wellbeing support)</li>
</ul>
<p>To drive the personal growth and business impact of our employees, we’re committed to developing a supportive and enriching culture for everyone. <a href="https://www.mongodb.com/company/blog/culture/employee-benefits-that-make-a-difference-at-mongodb">From employee affinity groups, to fertility assistance and a generous parental leave policy</a>, we value our employees’ wellbeing and want to support them along every step of their professional and personal journeys.<a href="https://www.mongodb.com/blog/channel/culture"> Learn more about what it’s like to work at MongoDB</a>, and help us make an impact on the world!</p>
<p>MongoDB is committed to providing any necessary accommodations for individuals with disabilities within our application and interview process. To request an accommodation due to a disability, please inform your recruiter.</p>
<p>MongoDB, Inc. provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any type and makes all hiring decisions without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws.</p>
<p>Req ID: 425696</p><div class="content-pay-transparency"><div class="pay-input"><div class="description"><p>MongoDB’s base salary range for this role is posted below. Compensation at the time of offer is unique to each candidate and based on a variety of factors such as skill set, experience, qualifications, and work location. Salary is one part of MongoDB’s total compensation and benefits package. Other benefits for eligible employees may include: equity, participation in the employee stock purchase program, flexible paid time off, 20 weeks fully-paid gender-neutral parental leave, fertility and adoption assistance, 401(k) plan, mental health counseling, access to transgender-inclusive health insurance coverage, and health benefits offerings. Please note, the base salary range listed below and the benefits in this paragraph are only applicable to U.S.-based candidates.</p></div><div class="title">MongoDB’s base salary range for this role in the U.S. is:</div><div class="pay-range"><span>$150,000</span><span class="divider">&mdash;</span><span>$150,000 USD</span></div></div></div>