**About Snappr News**

Snappr is the one-stop-shop for visual content for brands, including the largest on-demand marketplace for photographers and videographers. Snappr News is a new product line: an editorial photo and video product launching in 2026, starting with technology news in the San Francisco Bay Area. We will cover the top tech stories of the day with stunning visuals that can’t be found anywhere else. You’ll play a leading role in shaping the product and business model from the ground up, and helping define how the world gets visuals for the moments that matter.

**The Role**

You’ll oversee the creation and completion of ‘assignments’, which is our terminology for a news item that needs capturing in photo and video.

## What You'll Do:

- Research and track events and breaking news stories.
- Assign photographers/videographers to assignments.
- Manage the completion of assignments from inception to publication.

## Must-Haves:

- Experience in operations or logistics roles.
- Ability to work at a furious pace when things are moving fast.
- Extremely well-organized
- Extreme attention to detail.
- Excellent verbal and written communication skills.

## Highly Desirable:

- Experience in or knowledge of photography and/or videography.
- Media/News industry experience.

## Years of Experience

- We’re not too fussed about this. We care so much more about your raw abilities and your portfolio. We are planning to be a disruptive force in the news and editorial industry, so being fresh can be an advantage.

**Office**

You’ll be based out of our office in Ortigas, Manila.

**Schedule**

Tuesday to Saturday, with early morning starts. Occasional weekend assignments and on-call.

**Compensation & Benefits**

•40,000 to 80,000 PHP/month base, depending on experience.

•Eligible  for 10,000 to 20,000 PHP/month incentive bonus.

•Generous equity.

•Healthcare.