360Learning is looking for a Business Development Representative (BDR) to join our French mid-market team. Your role will consist of generating opportunities from 360Learning top priority, highest potential accounts. As the owner of these accounts, you will be in charge of developing personalized outreach strategies to connect with target personas and transform intent signals into a sales pipeline.

More specifically, you will be in charge of your territory to create and qualify cold outbound leads and contact potential customers through cold-calls, email, and LinkedIn. Throughout your conversations, you will detect customer pain points, understand their context, and how we can help. You will evangelize collaborative learning in the market, and pitch the 360Learning value proposition.

Working in close collaboration with your coach, marketing operations, demand generation, and sales, you will benefit from thorough onboarding and continuous learning & coaching opportunities as you grow.

## Within 1 month, you will…

- Finish onboarding and begin your core role as BDR
- Become a convexity master thanks to our onboarding process
- Understand our product , our positioning and our buyer persona
- Master the pitch and qualification methodology
- Discover your own Accounts territory and define common strategy of approach with your Account Executives and Key Account Managers
- Meet the team through virtual coffee meets and happy hour
- Start outreach to leads and create your first opportunities

## Within 3 months, you will...

- Fully master our tool stack and ramp up on outbound
- Act as a strategic partner to our Senior Account Manager to define their portfolio strategy
- Define your long-term Account Roadmap and start to address our highest personas on your Accounts
- Build strategic account-based outreach strategies to engage our buyer persona

## Within 6 months, you will…

- Be able to identify and leverage compelling new business entryways for very targeted outreach
- Reach 100% of monthly target
- Quickly research and strategize an approach to create interest and engage
- Detect & share opportunities to improve our outbound processes

## Within 12 months, you will:

- Be eligible to transition to an AE or KAM role
- Collaborate with sales teams by bringing innovative lead generation ideas to each weekly meeting

## The Skills Set

- Previous experience of at least 9-12 months hitting targets as a BDR or SDR targeting the enterprise market (5k-30k employees) in a B2B SaaS environment
- Previous experience in outbound and/or account-based marketing
- Strong written and oral communication skills
- Passion for learning and education
- Preferred but not mandatory: experience using Salesforce, Salesloft and Gong
- Master's degree in a related field is a bonus
- Enthusiasm for our working environment explained here: <https://bit.ly/Convexity360L>

## What We Offer

- **Compensation:** Package includes base salary, a variable component and equity 📈
- **Benefits/Perks:** Work From Home stipend, RTT, lunch vouchers, medical insurance, gym subscription, 1 month parental leave for the second parent.
- **Balance:** Flexible hours, full remote work possible anywhere in France 🏠
- **Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion:** We have 6 active ERGs including Mental Health, Environmental/Sustainability, Women, Parents, LGBTQIA2S+, and Ethnic Diversity. Each group has at least one executive team member serving as a member of the group, bringing greater awareness to each group’s activities and providing a quick path to impact 🤝
- **Corporate Social Responsibility:** Review our CSR Charter: [360learning.com/blog/corporate-social-responsibility-charter](http://360learning.com/blog/corporate-social-responsibility-charter) 🌎🌏🌍
- **Culture:** A framework that will help you make an impact - envision what's it like to join 360Learning through our onboarding journey: <https://360learning.com/blog/360learner-journey/> & Convexity Culture: <https://bit.ly/Convexity_360L> 🚀👩🏻‍💻🏆

## Interview Process

- Phone Screen with our Talent Acquisition Manager
- Discovery Meeting with our Head of Business Development
- Case Study with our Head of Business Development and an Account Executive
- Clarification Meeting with a BDR from the team
- Culture Fit Meeting with our CRO
- Offer !

⇾ Get ready using our Knowledge Base: <https://bit.ly/42H1ggC>

**Who We Are**

360Learning enables companies to upskill from within by turning their experts into champions for employee, customer, and partner growth. With our LMS for collaborative learning, Learning & Development teams can accelerate upskilling with the help of internal experts instead of slow top-down training. 360Learning is the easiest way to onboard and upskill employees, train customer-facing teams, and enable customers and partners–all from one place.

360Learning powers the future of work at 1,700 organizations. Founded in 2013, 360Learning has raised $240 million with 400+ team members across North America and EMEA.

**Learning Includes Everyone.**

In concert with our culture, 360Learning believes learning includes everyone and that means embracing the strengths of diversity, connectedness, and inclusion. Through conscientious efforts, our global footprint celebrates cultures, perspectives, and experiences from all over the world to support our platform that is built for all regardless of race, ethnicity, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, religion, age, neurodiversity, disability status, citizenship, veteran status or any other aspect which makes an individual unique or protected by laws and regulations in the locations where we operate. Thus, 360Learning is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace, and we commit to continue this throughout our processes for recruitment, compensation, benefits, performance, promotion, and all other conditions and terms of employment. **We want to learn from and with you!**