<div class="content-intro"><p>Elastic, the Search AI Company, enables everyone to find the answers they need in real time, using all their data, at scale — unleashing the potential of businesses and people. The Elastic Search AI Platform, used by more than 50% of the Fortune 500, brings together the precision of search and the intelligence of AI to enable everyone to accelerate the results that matter. By taking advantage of all structured and unstructured data — securing and protecting private information more effectively — Elastic’s complete, cloud-based solutions for search, security, and observability help organizations deliver on the promise of AI.</p></div><h3><strong>What is The Role</strong></h3>
<p>The Analyst, Strategic Sourcing is an <strong>individual contributor</strong> role and will report to the Senior Manager, Strategic Sourcing in India. The Analyst will work closely with the Global Sourcing and Procurement teams in India and North America. You will be responsible for leading Procurement data analytics, reporting and system administration for various procurement tools.</p>
<h3><strong>What You Will Be Doing</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Review Corporate Services and Marketing &amp; Events contracts in close collaboration with Legal, Cross-functional Team and Sourcing teams, ensuring agreements align with business needs and risk frameworks. You’ll partner with in-house counsel to navigate complex terms and secure appropriate approvals.</li>
<li>Create RFP/RFI, Vendor negotiations across a range of Non Technology services.</li>
<li>Review, summarize, and analyze data and present findings in a concise and structured manner. Execute and distribute procurement spend reports according to predefined monthly or quarterly reporting schedules.</li>
<li>Create and communicate metrics reports on a regular basis based on a defined list of critical metrics (Cost Savings, Procurement Influence, Payment Terms etc.)</li>
<li>Support sourcing strategy and procurement optimization processes by providing data insights and recommendations. Perform procurement analytics to deliver useful insights to larger procurement team to enable significant business impact</li>
<li>Collaborate with cross-functional teams (Finance, Sourcing, P2P etc.) to capture monthly and quarterly data for analysis.</li>
<li>Serve as a Single Point of Contact (SPOC) for category sourcing managers and functional leads for providing category-specific spend report</li>
<li>Bring analytical and conceptual skills linking issue resolution to process improvement.</li>
<li>Conduct training on analytical tools and dashboards, as needed.</li>
<li>Build strong relationships with business collaborators and cross-functional partners.</li>
<li>As a system administrator, update/maintain various related tools and system configurations. Collaborate with IT and various other departments to efficiently manage the procurement systems. Lead implementation efforts for any new tools and/or features of existing tools</li>
</ul>
<h3>What You Bring</h3>
<ul>
<li>Bachelor’s or master’s degree experience in business or finance/accounting or equivalent.</li>
<li>3 to 5 years work experience in purchasing or finance data analysis.</li>
<li>Strong ability to collect and interpret data, identify and communicate potential opportunities and risks.</li>
<li>Strong data analytics and report building skills through tools such as MS Excel &amp; Google G-Suite. Advanced experience with the following procurement tools will be considered an asset: Workday Strategic Sourcing (ScoutRFP), ServiceNow, Monday.com, Netsuite, and Confluence Wiki.</li>
<li>Eager to learn new technologies in procurement data analytics.</li>
<li>Project management (including change management) experience and skills.</li>
<li>Strong communication, influencing, negotiation and conflict resolution skills.</li>
<li>Possess high integrity combined with good judgement, with the ability to identify, recommend and select the best overall solution</li>
<li>Proficiency<strong> t</strong>o develop and manage relationships with key business partners and suppliers.</li>
<li>Be a self-starter with a positive, can-do attitude. Willing to work on one’s own initiative and focused on achieving goals.</li>
<li>Work hours - EMEA shift (1pm to 10pm IST) aligning with North America time zones overlap including flexibility in work times to support all other global time zones when needed.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p><div class="content-conclusion"><h2><strong>Additional Information - We Take Care of Our People</strong></h2>
<p>As a distributed company, diversity drives our identity. Whether you’re looking to launch a new career or grow an existing one, Elastic is the type of company where you can balance great work with great life. Your age is only a number. It doesn’t matter if you’re just out of college or your children are; we need you for what you can do.</p>
<p>We strive to have parity of benefits across regions and while regulations differ from place to place, we believe taking care of our people is the right thing to do.</p>
<ul>
<li>Competitive pay based on the work you do here and not your previous salary</li>
<li>Health coverage for you and your family in many locations</li>
<li>Ability to craft your calendar with flexible locations and schedules for many roles</li>
<li>Generous number of vacation days each year</li>
<li>Increase your impact - We match up to $2000 (or local currency equivalent) for financial donations and service</li>
<li>Up to 40 hours each year to use toward volunteer projects you love</li>
<li>Embracing parenthood with minimum of 16 weeks of parental leave</li>
</ul>
<p>Different people approach problems differently. We need that. Elastic is an equal opportunity employer and is committed to creating an inclusive culture that celebrates different perspectives, experiences, and backgrounds. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, ethnicity, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender perception or identity, national origin, age, marital status, protected veteran status, disability status, or any other basis protected by federal, state or local law, ordinance or regulation.</p>
<p>We welcome individuals with disabilities and strive to create an accessible and inclusive experience for all individuals. To request an accommodation during the application or the recruiting process, please email <a href="mailto:candidate\_accessibility@elastic.co" target="\_blank">candidate\_accessibility@elastic.co</a><span class="gmail\_default">.</span>&nbsp;We will reply to your request within 24 business hours of submission.</p>
<p><span style="color: #000000;">Applicants have rights under Federal Employment Laws, view posters linked below:</span> <a href="https://www.dol.gov/sites/dolgov/files/WHD/legacy/files/fmlaen.pdf" target="\_blank">Family and Medical Leave Act (FMLA)</a> <span style="color: #000000;">Poster;</span><span style="color: #000000;">&nbsp;<a href="https://www.dol.gov/sites/dolgov/files/ofccp/pdf/pay-transp\_%20English\_formattedESQA508c.pdf" target="\_blank">Pay Transparency Nondiscrimination Provision</a> Poster; </span><a href="https://www.dol.gov/sites/dolgov/files/WHD/legacy/files/eppabw.pdf" target="\_blank">Employee Polygraph Protection Act (EPPA)</a> <span style="color: #000000;">Poster and <a href="https://www.dol.gov/sites/dolgov/files/OFCCP/regs/compliance/posters/pdf/22-088\_EEOC\_KnowYourRights.pdf" target="\_blank">Know Your Rights</a> (Poster)</span></p>
<p><span style="color: #000000;">Elasticsearch develops and distributes technology and information that is subject to U.S. and other countries’ export controls and licensing requirements for individuals who are located in or are nationals of the following sanctioned countries and regions: Belarus, Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Syria, or Russia, including the Ukrainian territories annexed by Russia (The Crimea region of Ukraine, The Donetsk People's Republic (DNR), The Luhansk People's Republic (LNR), Kherson or Zaporizhzhia). If you are located in or are a national of one of the listed countries or regions, an export license may be required as a condition of your employment in this role. Please note that national origin and/or nationality do not affect eligibility for employment with Elastic.</span></p>
<p>Please see&nbsp;<a href="https://www.elastic.co/legal/applicant-privacy-statement" target="\_blank" data-saferedirecturl="https://www.google.com/url?q=https://www.elastic.co/legal/applicant-privacy-statement&amp;source=gmail&amp;ust=1611068262479000&amp;usg=AFQjCNG3orAPk5sJIr9WVm0ZDxYw82c5DA">here</a>&nbsp;for our Privacy Statement.</p></div>