<div class="content-intro"><p><strong><em>🚀 We’re on a mission to make money work for everyone.</em></strong></p>
<p>We’re waving goodbye to the complicated and confusing ways of traditional banking.</p>
<p>After starting as a prepaid card, our product offering has grown a lot in the last 10 years in the UK. As well as&nbsp;<a href="https://monzo.com/current-account/personal">personal</a> and <a href="https://monzo.com/business-banking">business</a> bank accounts, we offer <a href="https://monzo.com/current-account/joint-account">joint accounts</a>, <a href="https://monzo.com/current-account/16-17">accounts for 16-17 year olds</a>, a <a href="https://monzo.com/current-account/under-16s">free kids account</a> and <a href="https://monzo.com/flex">credit cards</a> in the UK, with more exciting things to come beyond. Our UK customers can also <a href="https://monzo.com/savings">save</a>, <a href="https://monzo.com/investments">invest </a>and&nbsp;<a href="https://monzo.com/pensions">combine their pensions</a> with us.&nbsp;</p>
<p>With our hot coral cards and get-paid-early feature, combined with financial education on social media and our award winning customer service, we have a long history of creating magical moments for our customers!</p>
<p>We’re not about selling products - we want to solve problems and change lives through Monzo ❤️</p>
<hr>
<p>&nbsp;</p></div><p>📍Dublin, Ireland&nbsp; | 💰 €108,000 - €132,000 + Incentive Awards tied to your performance ➕ benefits</p>
<p><strong>⭐ About the team:</strong></p>
<p>Our Borrowing (lending) business is growing rapidly across both existing products and the planned launch of new initiatives. We aim to create a genuine feel-good factor when it comes to personal credit, and are looking for driven, analytical and creative individuals to help us achieve this goal.</p>
<p>We’re looking for a Credit Risk Manager to help drive the credit and growth strategy for our consumer lending products as we grow our business in Ireland. You will lead a team of analysts responsible for developing the credit and pricing strategies as we bring our products to market across the EU.</p>
<p>Our credit teams are part of our Data Discipline which drives a strong culture of data-driven decision making across the whole company. We’re great believers in powerful, real-time analytics and empowerment of the wider business. All our data lives in one place and is super easy to use. 90% of day-to-day data-driven decisions are covered by self-serve analytics through Looker which gives analysts the head space to focus on more impactful business questions and analyses.</p>
<p>Join a team where your ideas can rapidly transform into reality, leveraging our cutting-edge technology and agile ways of working. Our credit analysts and managers are fully embedded into a product squad alongside Product Managers, Engineers, Designers, Marketers, Customer Researchers, Data Scientists etc. This enables us to solve customer problems in a fast paced and innovative way.</p>
<p><strong>🔑You'll play a key role:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Lead a team of analysts that will develop credit and pricing strategies for our Borrowing products and distribution channels</li>
<li>Work closely with Borrowing squad leadership to develop and execute an ambitious growth strategy&nbsp;</li>
<li>Collaborate with people from engineering, marketing, product, risk and control to design and deliver new products and customer journeys</li>
<li>Lead the development and maintenance of the NPV models and affordability strategies that underpin the Borrowing underwriting decisions</li>
<li>Monthly monitoring and reporting on Borrowing performance to stakeholders up to executive level</li>
<li>Build, maintain and own the database tables and dashboards that provide insights and promote rapid, data-driven decisions.</li>
<li>Collaborate with the Decision Science team to maximise value from our internal and external data through cutting-edge ML models</li>
<li>Promote a culture of proactive, high quality analysis and ensure we have the right credit capabilities, infrastructure and talent in place to scale safely</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>🤩 You should apply if:</strong></p>
<p>What we’re doing here at Monzo excites you!</p>
<ul>
<li>You have extensive experience in unsecured lending in Ireland</li>
<li>You have a deep understanding of lending economics and have experience developing and deploying underwriting strategies and credit models.</li>
<li>You have strong analytical and data capabilities, backed up by technical coding skills. SQL is a must-have, Python and Looker experience is a plus.</li>
<li>You have experience with the development and maintenance of NPV models</li>
<li>You have a strong understanding of the regulations that apply to lending in Ireland.</li>
<li>You have track record leading and developing analytical teams</li>
<li>You thrive in a fast-paced environment and are keen for the chance to improve our products and help ship changes to our customers</li>
<li>You are a strong communicator, able to cut through complex problems and articulate decision points, particularly to senior leadership.</li>
<li>You have experience in project management and coordination across teams.</li>
<li>You work well collaborating in a team with diverse skill-sets and personality types.</li>
<li>You are highly motivated and energised by the idea of bringing a positive impact to our customers and Monzo.</li>
</ul>
<p>We're on the look out for L60 Credit Risk Managers at the moment, you can read more in our<a href="https://monzo.com/documents/data-progression-framework-v2-0.pdf"> Data Progression Framework</a></p>
<p><strong>🙌What’s in it for you</strong></p>
<p>💰€108,000 - €132,000 + Incentive Awards tied to your performance</p>
<p>📍This role will have a hybrid working model, based in our Dublin office 2 - 3 days a week.</p>
<p>⏰We offer flexible working hours and trust you to work enough hours to do your job well, and at times that suit you and your team.&nbsp;</p>
<p>🏝 Annual Leave - 34 days including public holidays (24 holiday days + 10 public holidays)</p>
<p>📚€1,200 learning budget each year to use on books, training courses and conferences.</p>
<p>🏥Private healthcare scheme</p>
<p>💰Pension scheme: the minimum contribution is 4% and Monzo matches any additional contributions that you make up to a maximum of 6%</p>
<p>💛Wellbeing benefits: financial education, women’s and men’s health support, mental health benefits, including coaching and counselling</p>
<p><strong>🌈 The application journey has 3 key steps</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Recruiter call&nbsp;</li>
<li>Initial call with the hiring manager&nbsp;</li>
<li>Final loop of interviews (x3)</li>
</ul>
<p>This process should take around 3-4 weeks - your schedule is really important to us, so we promise to be as flexible as possible!&nbsp;</p>
<p>We have some guidelines on using Artificial Intelligence (AI) to ace an application and interview at Monzo. <a href="https://monzo.com/blog/the-ultimate-guide-on-using-ai-to-ace-an-interview-at-monzo">You can read them here.</a></p>
<p>We’ll only close this role once we have enough applications for the next stage. Please submit your application as soon as possible to make sure you don’t miss out.&nbsp;</p>
<p>If you're successful in applying for this role, we'll work with you to find a start date. In some cases, there might be a delay in when you can be released from your current role so that we can make sure things continue to run smoothly. We’ll be sure to communicate this with you and keep you updated.</p>
<p>#LI-ÉS1</p><div class="content-conclusion"><hr>
<p><strong>Equal opportunities for everyone</strong></p>
<p>Diversity and inclusion are a priority for us and we’re making sure we have lots of support for all of our people to grow at Monzo. At Monzo, we’re embracing diversity by fostering an inclusive environment for all people to do the best work of their lives with us. This is integral to our mission of making money work for everyone. You can read more in our <a href="https://monzo.com/blog/diversity-and-inclusion">blog</a>, 2024 <a href="https://monzo.com/blog/our-2024-diversity-and-inclusion-report" target="\_blank">Diversity and Inclusion Report</a> and 2024 <a href="https://monzo.com/blog/an-update-on-our-gender-pay-gap-2024">Gender Pay Gap Report.</a></p>
<p>We’re an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be considered for employment without attention to age, ethnicity, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, family or parental status, national origin, or veteran, neurodiversity or disability status.</p>
<p>If you have a preferred name, please use it to apply. We don't need full or birth names at application stage 😊</p></div>