<div class="content-intro"><h2><strong>About Starburst</strong></h2>
<p>Starburst is the data platform for analytics, applications, and AI, unifying data across clouds and on-premises to accelerate AI innovation. Organizations—from startups to Fortune 500 enterprises in 60+ countries—rely on Starburst for fast data access, seamless collaboration, and enterprise-grade governance on an open hybrid data lakehouse. Wherever data lives, Starburst unlocks its full potential, powering data and AI from development to deployment. By future-proofing data architecture, Starburst helps businesses fuel innovation with AI.</p></div><h3><strong>About the role</strong></h3>
<p>Starburst is looking for strong Java engineers to work with our globally distributed engineering team on the core of Starburst’s software. This is a great opportunity to deepen your expertise in a rapidly evolving technology and make a significant impact on leading data analytics products. This role will allow you to directly contribute to the advancement of Trino and Starburst. Our managed SaaS and on-premise Data Platform Product offerings provide unique and interesting problems to be solved, and incredible learning opportunities for any engineer. Starburst offers the opportunity to compete at&nbsp;<strong>global scale</strong> with other elite vendors in the Data Analytics space.</p>
<p><strong>Responsibilities:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Design, develop and maintain core components&nbsp; in Open Source <a href="https://trino.io/">Trino</a>, the <a href="https://docs.starburst.io/starburst-enterprise">Starburst Enterprise</a> Platform, or the <a href="https://docs.starburst.io/starburst-galaxy/index.html">Starburst Galaxy</a></li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li>Research and Improve performance of Trino query engine on complex queries without sacrificing correctness of the results</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li>Collaborate with your team members and other teams globally and operate in a fast paced environment</li>
<ul>
<li>We prioritize focused work, ensuring minimal time is spent in formal meetings, allowing you to concentrate on coding and PR reviews</li>
<li>Being able to clearly articulate your ideas in writing across various communication channels like Slack, GitHub PRs, and Design Documents is essential in our globally distributed team</li>
</ul>
<li>Provide exceptional customer support for both internal and external customers</li>
<ul>
<li>We’re pretty humbled by the trust that our customers give our Query Engine to crunch their data and handle with utmost seriousness the problems they report to us</li>
</ul>
</ul>
<p><strong>Some of the things we look for:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>At least 2 years of experience developing distributed systems&nbsp;</li>
<li>Software development experience with Java&nbsp;</li>
<li>Demonstrated experience with software engineering and design best practices.</li>
<li>Appreciation for creating maintainable, performant, and high quality software as part of a fun, high-performing global team</li>
<li>Interest in distributed systems or database internals such as query optimization</li>
<li>Intrinsic motivation for improving your software engineering craftsmanship</li>
<li>Demonstration of ownership, grit, and bias for action - core values at Starburst.&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Bonus points:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Prior experience with database internals such as query optimization</li>
<li>Familiarity with Trino</li>
<li>Experience in contributing to larger scale Open-Source Software</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Where could this role be based?</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>This role is based in our Warsaw office and follows a hybrid model, with an expectation of being onsite 1-2 days per week.</li>
</ul><div class="content-pay-transparency"><div class="pay-input"><div class="description"><p>Starburst is dedicated to maintaining fair and equitable compensation practices. The salary range provided for this role reflects the minimum and maximum targets for candidates in the country in which the role is located and could be inclusive of variable compensation, such as commission or bonus. All full-time employees receive equity grants (NSOs), and depending on the country, may have access to additional employer-sponsored benefits. Actual compensation packages are determined based on relevant skills, experience, education and training, and specific work location. For more information, connect with the recruiting team or Hiring Manager during the interview process as they can provide more detailed information about the salary range.</p></div><div class="title">Pay Range</div><div class="pay-range"><span>310 000 zł</span><span class="divider">&mdash;</span><span>403 000 zł PLN</span></div></div></div><div class="content-conclusion"><h2><strong>Build your career at Starburst</strong></h2>
<p>All-Stars have the opportunity and freedom to realize their true potential. By building alongside top talent, we’re empowered to take ownership of our careers and drive meaningful change. Anchored in industry-proven technology and unprecedented success, All-Stars are taking on the challenge everyday to disrupt our industry – &nbsp;and the future.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Our global workforce is supported by a competitive Total Rewards program that reflects our commitment to a rewarding and supportive work environment. This includes a variety of benefits like competitive pay, attractive stock grants, flexible paid time off, and more.&nbsp;</p>
<p>We are committed to fostering an intentional, inclusive, and diverse culture that drives deep engagement, authentic belonging, and an exceptional All-Star experience. We believe that diversity of thought, perspective, background and experience will enable us to own what we do, drive our success and empower our All-Stars to show up authentically.</p>
<p>Starburst provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any type without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state<br>&nbsp;or local laws.</p></div>