<h2><strong>About the opportunity&nbsp;</strong></h2>
<p>Contentful exists to help our customers deliver compelling customer experiences with content at the heart of the conversation. As a Solution Engineer you will play a critical role in helping our customers and prospects understand the role of content in a modern composable digital landscape.</p>
<p>Our Solution Engineers come from a whole host of backgrounds: marketing professionals, solution engineers with experience selling to marketing audiences, as well as individuals with agency and professional services backgrounds. We rely heavily on our core values to identify the right talent at Contentful as the role of a Solution Engineer is dynamic and multidimensional.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Imagine yourself as a co-pilot on sales opportunities. You will work with your Account Executives in lock-step through key phases of the sales cycle including technical discovery, product presentations, collaborative solution design sessions, interactive trials, proofs of concept, and more. You will build relationships with customer stakeholders to understand their needs and become a trusted advisor to help them navigate the ever-shifting landscape of digital marketing technology and trends.</p>
<p>This is a dynamic role and would allow you to be part of a growth company where you can make an impact on sales results, help drive and influence the direction of the Solution Engineering function, work within a positive culture, and continue to grow and expand your career.&nbsp;&nbsp;</p>
<h2><strong>What to expect?</strong>&nbsp;</h2>
<ul>
<li>Dive into an immersive onboarding experience that will help you learn the Contentful value propositions, personas, products, MACH and composable solutions, partner ecosystem, and more.</li>
<li>Become proficient in the Great Demo presentation framework.</li>
<li>Learn the Content Management competitive landscape - both current and legacy platforms - and complimentary stack solutions.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Create deep relationships across the business: sales, marketing, product, partnerships, and others.</li>
<li>Make an impact on sales revenue by co-piloting sales opportunities along with your Account Executives.</li>
<li>Seek to understand customers’ short-term and long-term digital objectives, and how Contentful enables their vision both as the driving force of their stack, or as a “good neighbor” to their other platforms.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Validate and illustrate how Contentful can help the customer with their digital transformation efforts through customized value-based product demonstrations and proofs of concept.</li>
<li>Assist with the completion of RFIs, RFPs, and Security questionnaires and liaison with other departments to drive finalization.</li>
<li>Relay product feedback from customers and implementation partners to Product Management, Marketing and Sales.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Travel onsite with customers when necessary.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Work on exciting internal projects that impact how the Solution Engineering team works and grows.</li>
<li>Strong leadership and a safe environment to be you and grow your career.&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>What you need to be successful</strong></h2>
<p><strong>Required:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>The desire to work in a dynamic environment</li>
<li>Experience working with a Content Management Platform or similar Marketing Technology as either a new SE, or as a practitioner (i.e. has successfully implemented the tech).&nbsp;</li>
<li>Some solution engineering experience may be beneficial, but not necessarily required if you are a seasoned developer who has built and delivered digital experiences for customers. We will train you.</li>
<li>Strong communication skills that demonstrate the ability to clearly and sympathetically convey business and technical knowledge to our varying personas that are both marketing-focused and technical-focused.</li>
<li>A high degree of emotional intelligence to help navigate meetings with multiple customer stakeholders with varying degrees of engagement and influence.</li>
<li>A natural curiosity for how technology drives change and how that transfers into business value.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Desirable:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>An individual who understands the Digital Marketing function, the KPIs used to measure success within Marketing, and how content powers a Marketing strategy.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Understanding the core concepts of MACH products and Composable architectures and how they relate to Contentful’s product and market position.</li>
<li>Exposure to front-end technologies such as React, NextJS, Vercel, etc.</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>What’s in it for you?</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Join an ambitious tech company reshaping the way people build digital experiences</li>
<li>Healthcare packages and time off programs&nbsp;</li>
<li>Full-time employees receive equity for the opportunity to share in the success of our company</li>
<li>A personal education budget to improve your skills and grow in your career&nbsp;</li>
<li>Enjoy a full range of virtual and in-person events, including workshops, guest speakers, and fun team activities, supporting learning and networking exchange beyond the usual work duties&nbsp;</li>
<li>An annual wellbeing stipend to care for your physical, financial, or emotional health</li>
<li>A monthly communication phone/internet stipend and phone hardware upgrade reimbursement.</li>
<li>New hire office equipment stipend for hybrid or distributed employees. Get the gear you need to work at your best.</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><h2><strong>Who are we?</strong></h2>
<p>Contentful is a leading <strong>digital experience platform</strong> that helps modern businesses meet the growing demand for engaging, personalized content at scale. By blending composability with native <strong>AI</strong> capabilities, Contentful enables dynamic personalization, automated content delivery, and real-time experimentation, powering next-generation digital experiences across brands, regions, and channels for more than 4,200 organizations worldwide. More than <strong>700 people</strong> from more than <strong>70 nations</strong> contribute their energy and creativity to Contentful, working from hubs in Berlin, Denver, San Francisco, London, New York, and distributed worldwide.</p>
<h2><strong>Everyone is welcome here!</strong></h2>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;"><strong>“Everyone is welcome here”</strong> is a celebrated component of our culture. At Contentful, we strive to create an inclusive environment that empowers our employees. We believe that our products and services benefit from our diverse backgrounds and experiences, and we are proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applications will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, age, physical [dis]ability, or length of time spent unemployed. We invite you to apply and join us!</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">If you need reasonable accommodations at any point during the application or interview process, please let your recruiting coordinator know.</span></p>
<p class="p1"><span style="color: #3e3e3e;"><em>Please be aware of scammers who may fraudulently allege to be from Contentful. These types of fraud can be carried out through copycat websites, fake email addresses claiming to be from our company, or social media. We do not ask for your personal information, such as bank account numbers, identification numbers, etc, through social media or chat-based apps, nor do we request or send money for the purchase of business equipment. If you suspect fraud, please report it to your local authorities, as well as reach out to us at <a href="mailto:security-esk@contentful.com" target="\_blank">security-esk@contentful.com</a> </em></span><span style="color: #3e3e3e;"><em>with any information you may have.</em></span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">By clicking “Apply for this job,” I acknowledge that I have read the “</span><a href="https://www.contentful.com/legal/us/privacy-notice-to-candidates/privacy/" target="\_blank"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Contentful’s Candidate Privacy Notice</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">” and hereby consent to the collection, processing, use, and storage of my personal information as described therein.</span></p></div>