<div class="content-intro"><p><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif; font-size: 12pt;">Airbnb was born in 2007 when two hosts welcomed three guests to their San Francisco home, and has since grown to over 5 million hosts who have welcomed over 2 billion guest arrivals in almost every country across the globe. Every day, hosts offer unique stays and experiences that make it possible for guests to connect with communities in a more authentic way.</span></p></div><p><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; color: #000000;"><strong>The Community You Will Join:</strong></span></p>
<p><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; color: #000000;">The Communications team is responsible for telling the Airbnb story around the world. Whether we are briefing press on inspiring travel trends, highlighting unique stories about our hosts, or explaining how travel on our platform benefits local families and communities, we are the voice of Airbnb on a broad range of topics.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; color: #000000;"><strong>The Difference You will Make:</strong></span></p>
<p><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;">The Senior Communications Lead, DACH &amp; CEE will lead communications strategy in Germany while providing strategic oversight across the broader DACH region and select Central and Eastern European markets.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;">Reporting into the EMEA Communications Director, the role will strategically lead the DACH communications team, which is made up of a team of four people, including consumer, corporate comms, and an influencer manager focused on the region. We also have agency partners in Germany, Switzerland and Central &amp; Eastern Europe, and successful management of these agency partners will be key to the role. This role will also be required to collaborate closely with the Country Manager for DACH and CEE&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;">The core focus of the role is to create industry-leading strategies and campaigns that can deliver against the local business goals and the global comms priorities. This role is for a communicator who has solid experience in delivering campaigns and strategies that will inspire the team and the wider organization, and create a vision for the way that we seek to promote the Airbnb brand and products to a range of audiences.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;">The role spans our corporate and policy work, where we face some regulatory challenges, as well as our consumer campaigns where we need to deliver strategies that will drive both brand awareness and positive sentiment. The role demands high level expertise in both consumer and corporate communications, with the adaptability to switch between each area regularly and apply best in class thinking to challenges and opportunities.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;">The right candidate will already be recognised as a leader in their field at this level, with a proven track record of using a range of comms strategies and disciplines to solve complex and ambiguous problems. They will also have a history of delivering projects across cross-functional teams, taking a strategic leadership role and anticipating challenges. The right candidate will also be expected to demonstrate a working knowledge of how to translate a global brand proposition to a local audience across the DACH markets. &nbsp;&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;">You must be comfortable working in a global company, delivering counsel and guidance to senior leadership in both Europe and within our HQ teams in the US. The successful candidate will have solid experience of creating internal advocacy among multiple senior audiences, as well as directing and inspiring a team of high performing communications professionals.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; color: #000000;"><strong>A Typical Day:&nbsp;</strong></span></p>
<ul>
<li style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;"><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;">Create, manage and drive the execution of the overarching communications strategy and plan, continuously aligning with the global and regional business and marketing strategies</span></li>
<li style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;"><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;">Direct and oversee the development and execution of market plans supporting Corporate Communications, Policy Communications, and Consumer Communications</span></li>
<li style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;"><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;">Develop inspiring and compelling comms strategies to challenge the team and the business to achieve beyond our existing success</span></li>
<li style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;"><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;">Provide strategic comms advice and counsel to our cross functional teams, collaborating with senior stakeholders from across the business (primarily Policy, Marketing, Business Operations) to work together to achieve goals.&nbsp;</span></li>
</ul>
<p><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; color: #000000;"><strong>Your Expertise:</strong></span></p>
<ul>
<li style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;"><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;">12-15+ years of experience within high performing international organizations - either with agencies or in-house roles</span></li>
<li style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;"><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;">A team leader with both a record of leading high performing comms teams, and experience of working with cross-functional teams to drive success</span></li>
<li style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;"><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;">A proven history of encouraging and developing innovative industry-leading thinking and turning it into executable plans and campaigns&nbsp;</span></li>
<li style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;"><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;">Experience of operating in a high performing cross functional team, acting as counsel on all comms related matters and being proactive in elevating the work of comms across the region&nbsp;</span></li>
<li style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;"><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;">A strong track record of developing inspiring goals that motivate team members to achieve personal and professional success</span></li>
<li style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;"><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;">Forward thinking, innovative and creative - proactively shares perspective at all levels of the organization</span></li>
<li style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;"><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;">Excellent problem solver with ability to anticipate future issues, unblock the most complex situations and facilitate drama-free environments where the team will thrive</span></li>
<li style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;"><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;">German native speaker with fluent business English. Working knowledge of other languages within the region will be desirable.</span></li>
</ul>
<p><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; color: #000000;"><strong>Our Commitment To Inclusion &amp; Belonging:</strong></span></p>
<p><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; color: #000000;">Airbnb is committed to working with the broadest talent pool possible. We believe diverse ideas foster innovation and engagement, and allow us to attract creatively-led people, and to develop the best products, services and solutions. All qualified individuals are encouraged to apply.</span></p><div class="content-pay-transparency"><div class="pay-input"><div class="description"><p><span style="font-size: 16px;"><strong><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; color: rgb(0, 0, 0);">How We'll Take Care of You:</span></strong></span></p>
<p><span style="font-size: 16px;">The actual base pay is dependent upon many factors, such as: training, transferable skills, work experience, business needs and market demands. The base pay range shown below is annualized, is subject to change and may be modified in the future. This role may also be eligible for bonus, benefits, and Employee Travel Credits.</span></p></div><div class="title">Germany Annual Pay Range</div><div class="pay-range"><span>€128.000</span><span class="divider">&mdash;</span><span>€160.000 EUR</span></div></div></div>