<h2><strong>Who we are</strong></h2>
<h3><strong>About Stripe</strong></h3>
<p>Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies use Stripe to accept payments online and in person, embed financial services, power custom revenue models, and build a more profitable business. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyone's reach while doing the most important work of your career.&nbsp;</p>
<h3><strong>About the team</strong></h3>
<p>The Communications team builds and protects Stripe’s reputation and influence across the world. We’re looking for a highly entrepreneurial and creative professional to lead our regional communications as we grow our business across the Asia-Pacific region.</p>
<h2><strong>What you’ll do</strong></h2>
<p>The ideal candidate is both strategic and hands-on. They’re an exceptional strategist, with a proven ability to synthesize a wide range of inputs and perspectives into an effective game plan. They’re entrepreneurial and pragmatic, enjoying the adrenaline rush of shipping ambitious projects at pace and keen to invent new approaches rather than reverting to the familiar. They have a deep understanding of regional issues and economic trends, and an understanding of how financial infrastructure drives growth. They’re an excellent manager and coach, able to accelerate the development of high-performing colleagues.</p>
<h3><strong>Responsibilities</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li><strong>Define and own our communications strategy for the APAC region,</strong> including our Singapore headquarters and Southeast Asia and India<strong>,</strong> building the right approach to support the growth of our users and of Stripe’s business in the region.</li>
<li><strong>Develop and execute creative, high-engagement communications initiatives</strong>. Use a first-principles approach to build creative campaigns that strengthen our reputation in the region and advance economic growth.&nbsp;</li>
<li><strong>Work closely with Stripe users and partners</strong> to infuse their voices into campaigns, news announcements, and other activities.</li>
<li><strong>Develop and maintain relationships </strong>with Stripe users, influencers, reporters, and opinion formers.</li>
<li><strong>Manage our team of APAC country comms leads</strong>, including our leads for Australia and New Zealand, Japan, and Greater China.</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Who you are</strong></h2>
<h3><strong>Minimum requirements</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>12+ years of relevant working experience in communications.</li>
<li>Stellar writing ability.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Deep knowledge of the APAC region (preferably including experience working across Southeast Asia and/or India).</li>
<li>An excellent people manager and coach.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Strong corporate communications experience, including issues management.</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>You should include these in your application:&nbsp;</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Resume or LinkedIn profile.</li>
<li>Writing samples are always welcome.</li>
<li>Any information you think would be most useful for us in understanding your background and accomplishments.</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>Location</strong>:&nbsp;</h3>
<p>Singapore (currently residing, or willing to relocate). Sydney may be considered for a candidate with an extraordinary skill set.</p>
<p>This role requires regular in-office presence to foster collaboration, connection, and team impact.</p>