We’re a team of 500+ professionals who develop cutting-edge web data gathering solutions for thousands of the world’s best known businesses, including Fortune 500 companies.

**What’s in store for you:**

You’ll be solving challenges for top-tier clients and collaborating with industry professionals. We’ll fuel your professional growth with vast internal and external learning resources and an environment of teaming up and knowledge sharing.

## Your day-to-day:

- **Plan, create, and publish social media content** aligned with brand messaging and business goals;
- Ensure consistency of tone of voice and messaging across all **external communication channels;**
- Monitor **review platforms** (*e.g., G2, Trustpilot, Gartner Peer Review*), YouTube channel comments & collaborate with other teams regarding engaging with comments and customer feedback;
- Execute campaigns to increase customer reviews (*e.g., prepare email strategy and follow-up processes for clients*);
- Analyze social media and review platform performance & monitor competitors to optimize content and communication strategies;
- Develop and review strategies for social media channels and review platforms, ensuring alignment with overall communication and business objectives.

## Your skills & experience:

- **2+ years of experience** in community management, including online reputation and review platform management;
- Hands-on experience in managing **LinkedIn company pages,** creating organic content, and a strong understanding of the platform’s algorithms;
- Fluency in English;
- Experience handling sensitive comments or complaints;
- Excellent written communication and copywriting skills;
- **Analytical & strategic** mindset with ability to interpret engagement and performance metrics;
- Strong organizational and multitasking abilities.

*Nice to have:*

- Experience managing paid social campaigns (e.g. LinkedIn Ads).

## Salary:

- **Gross salary:** 2400 - 3400 EUR/month. Keep in mind that we are open to discuss a different salary based on your skills and competencies.

**Up for the challenge? Let’s talk!**