<p data-pm-slice="1 1 []">CSQ127R143</p>
<p>At Databricks, we tackle some of the most complex distributed processing and machine learning problems in the world, and our customers challenge us with innovative new big data and AI use cases. You will shape the future of big data and the machine learning landscape for leading Fortune 500 organizations.</p>
<p><strong>Professional Services Delivery Partner Manager </strong>supports the mission of the Professional Services team, which is to<strong> accelerate and de-risk our customers' business outcomes</strong> through effective enablement and delivery of Databricks platform technology. This is an individual contributor role that will oversee the Databricks Delivery Partner Program, which looks to use close partnerships with key system integrators to effectively co-deliver Databricks services engagements.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>The impact you will have:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>You will work with the Professional Services team&nbsp;<strong>to utilize&nbsp;<strong>Databricks delivery partners and</strong>&nbsp;accelerate our customer project outcomes</strong>.</li>
<li>Build and develop Professional Services relationships with&nbsp;<strong>Global System Integrators (GSIs), Regional System Integrators (RSIs), and the regional Partner team&nbsp;</strong>to support bi-directional pipeline review and bi-directional engagements (subcontracting and advisory) for company priorities.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Build an&nbsp;<strong>RFP process</strong>&nbsp;to support Partner Selection for large, complex, multi-year, multi-phase&nbsp;<strong>migration</strong> deals. Create templates and scorecards to supplement partner selection with a data-driven approach.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Spearhead and lead efforts to incubate and ramp new partners with <strong>Gen AI</strong> capabilities.</li>
<li>Drive MBRs and QBRs with <strong>priority partners</strong>, and develop long-term roadmaps for PS Partner delivery priorities. Develop scorecards and feedback loops to segment partners by focus areas, regions and company priorities.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Drive<strong>&nbsp;delivery governance</strong> to ensure partner quality and delivery on Services-led and partner-supported implementations.&nbsp;Support global programs to measure partner quality such as CSAT, Partner Survey and program governance.</li>
<li>Lead programs that align with our <strong>PS &amp; Partner strategy </strong>for Assurance and advisory services. Work with our cross-functional channel teams to enable GSIs, RSIs, SIs on Assurance services, and support bi-weekly reviews and deal governance</li>
<li>Support <strong>Partner IP efforts</strong> such as the creation of service delivery kits to better scale our ecosystem.&nbsp;&nbsp;</li>
<li>Liaison with Delivery Partner organizations to ensure personnel have the required level of training and certification to achieve Databricks projects in accordance with best practices. Champion and provide thought leadership for <strong>specialization </strong>programs. You will implement and lead programs to achieve requirements and exceed delivery quality.</li>
<li>Build and maintain an <strong>effective onboarding process for partner resources</strong> ensuring effective utilization and quality of services across Databricks customer deliveries.</li>
<li>Work with the <strong>Databricks resource management team </strong>to oversee the pipeline planning process with each of the delivery partners, ensuring partner resource availability in a timely manner to support Databricks service opportunities.</li>
<li>Allocation and outsourcing of Projects to service partners. This includes selecting the appropriate partner for the project and collaborating closely with them to ensure project success.</li>
<li>Work with our legal, people operations, and other cross-functional organizations to <strong>support bi-directional contractual negotiations</strong></li>
<li>Advocate for the Partner's needs internally, managing any escalations and issues on projects being delivered by partners.</li>
<li>Develop, implement, and monitor Key Performance Indicators for each Services partner.</li>
<li>Coach, Mentor junior members of the team, and partner resource</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>What we look for:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Extensive industry experience, including resource management and demand pipeline management, and a record of success in navigating and driving engagements with large IT organizations, with a focus on managed or professional service delivery</li>
<li>Extensive experience within a professional services organization as a partner, Manager, and/or Consulting Manager.</li>
<li>Experience managing partner or third-party organization enablement, including upskilling teams to provide delivery capabilities.</li>
<li>Excel at working directly with Partners and customers to gather, prioritize, plan, and execute solutions to customer business requirements as they relate to technology.</li>
<li>Experience managing commercial agreements with partners, including statements of work to support services management.</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>About Databricks</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-family: arial, sans-serif;">Databricks is the data and AI company. More than 10,000 organizations worldwide — including Comcast, Condé Nast, Grammarly, and over 50% of the Fortune 500 — rely on the Databricks Data Intelligence Platform to unify and democratize data, analytics and AI. Databricks is headquartered in San Francisco, with offices around the globe and was founded by the original creators of Lakehouse, Apache Spark™, Delta Lake and MLflow. To learn more, follow Databricks on&nbsp;<span style="color: rgb(255, 54, 33);"><a style="color: rgb(255, 54, 33);" href="https://twitter.com/databricks" target="\_blank" data-saferedirecturl="https://www.google.com/url?q=https://twitter.com/databricks&amp;source=gmail&amp;ust=1700237575733000&amp;usg=AOvVaw03FL8fJvOD97ytN02f5G2C">Twitter</a>,&nbsp;<a style="color: rgb(255, 54, 33);" href="https://www.linkedin.com/company/databricks" target="\_blank" data-saferedirecturl="https://www.google.com/url?q=https://www.linkedin.com/company/databricks&amp;source=gmail&amp;ust=1700237575733000&amp;usg=AOvVaw15dLk3q8VxTfHEgCUg7NSt">LinkedIn</a>&nbsp;<span style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0);">and</span>&nbsp;<a style="color: rgb(255, 54, 33);" href="https://www.facebook.com/databricksinc" target="\_blank" data-saferedirecturl="https://www.google.com/url?q=https://www.facebook.com/databricksinc&amp;source=gmail&amp;ust=1700237575733000&amp;usg=AOvVaw39EcncitnlqV72EG2-RqXJ">Facebook</a></span>.<br><br><strong>Benefits<br><br></strong></span>At Databricks, we strive to provide comprehensive benefits and perks that meet the needs of all of our employees. For specific details on the benefits offered in your region click <a href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/154un3e8Xav4BceOSlcYFZRGEuQI54xMxVydRwQn54eQ/edit?usp=sharing">here</a>.<br><br></p>
<p><strong>Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion</strong></p>
<p>At Databricks, we are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive culture where everyone can excel. We take great care to ensure that our hiring practices are inclusive and meet equal employment opportunity standards. Individuals looking for employment at Databricks are considered without regard to age, color, disability, ethnicity, family or marital status, gender identity or expression, language, national origin, physical and mental ability, political affiliation, race, religion, sexual orientation, socio-economic status, veteran status, and other protected characteristics.</p>
<p><strong>Compliance</strong></p>
<p><strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">If access to export-controlled technology or source code is required for performance of job duties, it is within Employer's discretion whether to apply for a U.S. government license for such positions, and Employer may decline to proceed with an applicant on this basis alone.</span></strong></p></div>