We’re a team of 500+ professionals who develop cutting-edge proxy and web data scraping solutions for thousands of the world’s best known businesses, including Fortune 500 companies.

**What’s in store for you:**

You’ll be developing complex products with high coding standards, maintaining our own infrastructure, handling petabytes of data, and solving challenges on a daily basis. We got you covered with a team of strong professionals to support you, a well-built tech stack, and loads of ownership.

## Your day-to-day:

- Drive the evolution of web and self-service platforms - from setting direction to delivering outcomes;
- Architect and maintain a strategic roadmap aligned with market shifts, business goals, and user demands;
- Own the entire visitor-to-purchase funnel, tracking conversion and time-to-value at each stage;
- Understand our user better - conduct user research, understand their needs, pain-points, and use cases in product context;
- Leverage data intelligence to boost feature engagement and uncover hidden growth trends;
- Run A/B tests to validate hypotheses and optimize conversion rates;
- Collaborate with development team to determine technical implementation and priorities.

## Main requirements:

- **No less than 2 years** of experience in a product manager (or similar) role with a technical product;
- Hands on experience in driving product development from idea to results;
- Experience with **self-service or product-led growth**, including driving user acquisition with minimal or no sales involvement;
- Strong analytical skills, showing ability to understand user behavior and funnel data to find growth opportunities;
- Previous experience conducting user research and translating customer insights into product features;
- Experience working with cross-functional teams in an agile environment;
- Strong communication skills with capability to articulate technical vision to diverse stakeholders.

## We would consider an advantage if you:

- Have UX intuition and ability to identify friction points as well as designing solutions that make complex workflows feel simple;
- Demonstrated success optimizing conversion funnels through A/B testing and data-driven experimentation;
- Have background or deep interest in UX design, user research or conversion optimization.

## Salary & Benefits:

- **Gross salary** is from 4700 EUR/month.

**Up for the challenge? Let’s talk!**