<div class="content-intro"><p>At Trustpilot, we're on an incredible journey. We're a profitable, high-growth FTSE-250 company with a big vision: to become the universal symbol of trust. We run the world's largest independent consumer review platform, and while we've come a long way, there's still so much exciting work to do. Come join us at the heart of trust!</p></div><p>We are seeking a customer obsessed Account Manager to join a pivotal new chapter for Trustpilot in our home market: Denmark.</p>
<p>While Trustpilot is widely known, our mission is to ensure our Danish customers truly understand the deep value, strategic potential, and future direction of our platform. You won't just manage accounts—you will be the commercial driving force.</p>
<p>In this pivotal role, you will own customer retention and expansion. You will act as a Trusted Advisor, developing long-term relationships and strategic success plans that ensure customers derive maximum value from Trustpilot’s products. Your expertise will be key to driving retention, minimizing churn, and maximizing growth within this critical home market.</p>
<p>You will be part of our newly founded team focused on our Danish market and based in our Copenhagen HQ, working directly with Country Manager <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/ana-marija-katic-303563117/">Ana Marija.</a> If you are passionate about becoming a Trusted Advisor and actively growing a market that matters, this is your opportunity.</p>
<p><strong>What you'll be doing:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Take ownership of a customer portfolio for the Danish market, acting as the primary point of contact.</li>
<li>Analyze market trends and customer behavior within Denmark to identify opportunities for improvement and growth.</li>
<li>Establish strong relationships with customers to ensure satisfaction, product adoption, and contract renewal.</li>
<li>Develop and implement tailored strategies to enhance customer satisfaction and value delivery specifically for the Danish market.</li>
<li>Ensure a premium experience by understanding client objectives and KPIs, and ensuring Trustpilot delivers against them.</li>
<li>Increase renewal rates and reduce churn.</li>
<li>Identify and successfully pursue upsell opportunities and new revenue streams.</li>
<li>Act as a trusted advisor, advocating client needs to internal support, product, engineering, and sales teams.</li>
<li>Successfully onboard clients and ensure they fully utilize their paid subscription.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Who you are:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Fluent in Danish and proficient in English.</li>
<li>1-3 years of Sales/Account Management/Customer Success experience, preferably in software industries, digital or online marketing.</li>
<li>A genuine commitment to deeply understanding customer needs and exceeding expectations. You view customer success as a revenue driver.</li>
<li>Experience managing a portfolio of customer accounts with a focus on achieving a high renewal/retention rate.</li>
<li>Proven experience in B2B sales or account management with subscription-based models.</li>
<li>Ability to build and maintain strong relationships with multiple stakeholders.</li>
<li>You thrive in a<strong> </strong>team-based environment and are excited by the opportunity to work regularly with colleagues in a Copenhagen-based setting.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>What’s in it for you:</strong><strong><br></strong></p>
<ul>
<li>A range of flexible working options to dedicate time to what matters to you</li>
<li>Competitive compensation package + bonus</li>
<li>25 days holiday per year, with an extra 5 days holiday allocated after your 1 year anniversary (prorated)&nbsp;</li>
<li>Two (paid) volunteering days a year to spend your time giving back to the causes that matter to you and your community</li>
<li>Rich learning and development opportunities are supported through the Trustpilot Academy and Blinkist</li>
<li>Comprehensive health package, pension, and full access to Headspace, a popular mindfulness app to promote positive mental health</li>
<li>Paid parental leave</li>
<li>Central office with&nbsp; a laid-back vibe and constant buzz of different languages being spoken everywhere you go It’s complete with a coffee bar, canteen, and table tennis and has a wide variety of refreshments available - you can opt-in for breakfast and lunch at an affordable price</li>
<li>Regular opportunities to connect and get to know your fellow Trusties, including company-wide celebrations and events, ERG activities, and team socials</li>
<li>Opportunity to join the Trustpilot Social Club for a small monthly fee and attend regular social and leisure activities like go-karting, cooking classes, and escape rooms&nbsp;</li>
<li>Employee discounts to restaurants and shops</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Still not sure?</strong></p>
<p>We want to be a part of creating a more diverse, equitable, and inclusive world of work for all. We’re excited to hear about your experiences along with how you will contribute to our working culture. Even if you don’t feel you meet all the requirements, we'd still really like to hear from you!</p>
<p>LI-JS1</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>About us</strong></p>
<p>Trustpilot began in 2007 with a simple yet powerful idea that is more relevant today than ever — to be the universal symbol of trust, bringing consumers and businesses together through reviews. Trustpilot is open, independent, and impartial — we help consumers make the right choices and businesses to build trust, grow and improve.</p>
<p>Today, we have more than 300 million reviews and 64 million monthly active users on average across the globe, with 140 billion annual Trustbox impressions, and the numbers keep growing. We have more than 1,000 employees and we’re headquartered in Copenhagen, with operations in Amsterdam, Denver, Edinburgh, Hamburg, London, Melbourne, Milan and New York.&nbsp;</p>
<p>We’re driven by connection. It’s at the heart of what we do. Our culture keeps things fresh –– it’s built on the relationships we create. We talk, we laugh, we collaborate and we respect each other. We work across borders and cultures to be the universal symbol of trust in an ever-changing world. With vibrant office locations worldwide and over 50 nationalities, we’re proud to be an equal opportunity workplace with diverse perspectives and ideas.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Our purpose to help people and businesses help each other is a tall order, but we keep it real. We’re a great bunch of humans, doing awesome stuff, without fuss or pretense. A successful Trustpilot future is driven by you –– we give you the autonomy to shape a career you can be proud of. If you’re ready to grow, let’s go.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Join us at the heart of trust.</strong></p>
<p><em>Trustpilot is committed to creating an inclusive environment where people from all backgrounds can thrive and where different viewpoints and experiences are valued and respected. Trustpilot will consider all applications for employment without regard to race, ethnicity, national origin, religious beliefs, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, neurodiversity, disability, age, parental or veteran status. Together, we are the heart of trust.</em></p>
<p><em>Trustpilot is a global company and our data practices are designed to ensure that your personally identifiable information is appropriately protected. Please note that your personal information will be transferred, accessed, and stored globally as necessary for the uses and disclosures stated in our <a href="https://corporate.trustpilot.com/legal/for-everyone/data-privacy-notice-for-candidates/dec-2024">Privacy Policy.</a><br><br><em data-stringify-type="italic">If you have a disability and would like to discuss any adjustments you might need either in submitting your application, or to the recruitment process more generally, please let us know by contacting our Talent Acquisition Team (talent.acquisition@trustpilot.com)</em><em data-stringify-type="italic">&nbsp;quoting the role you wish to apply for.<br></em></em></p></div>