<h2><strong>Building Together. Growing Together.</strong></h2>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Boca Raton, FL</strong></p>
<p>Our mission is to build a better world. Diligent's category-defining products and services have already transformed the way thousands of our contractors build. We're looking for a phenomenal <strong>Structural Welder</strong> to join Diligent and build an outstanding company. We thrive on technical challenges and creating user interactions the world hasn’t seen before.</p>
<p>We need self-starters with grit, determination, and a positive demeanor that build their own opportunities. If you love plumbing, love to win, and want to be part of a collaborative team of building pioneers.</p>
<p>Diligent is a place where you will learn and grow. This is an opportunity to join and help define a team in a well-funded company with excellent customer traction. We offer excellent pay, benefits, bonus incentives, and outstanding opportunities that can develop into larger roles. More specifically, we have great people working together as a dream team.</p>
<h2><strong>What You’ll Do:</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Perform various welding techniques including stick, MIG, TIG, and oxyacetylene cutting in the field.</li>
<li>Read and interpret blueprints, drawings, and welding symbols to identify project-specific requirements.</li>
<li>Choose the appropriate welding equipment, tools, and consumables based on project materials and conditions.</li>
<li>Prepare and clean surfaces for welding by removing contaminants like rust and scale.</li>
<li>Set up and maintain welding machines, ensuring they function efficiently and safely.</li>
<li>Weld components in various positions (flat, horizontal, vertical, overhead) as needed for the project.</li>
<li>Monitor the welding process to ensure compliance with quality and safety standards, making adjustments as necessary.</li>
<li>Inspect welded joints and structures for defects, performing necessary repairs or modifications.</li>
<li>Maintain accurate records of work performed, including materials used and hours worked.</li>
<li>Follow all safety protocols, including the proper use of personal protective equipment (PPE) and maintaining a safe work environment.</li>
<li>Work collaboratively with team members, supervisors, and project managers to ensure timely and budget-compliant project completion.</li>
<li>Travel to various job sites as needed to complete projects.</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>We’d love to hear from you if you:</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Have a high school diploma or equivalent.</li>
<li>Hold a valid welding certification.</li>
<li>Bring at least 5 years of experience as a Field Welder.</li>
<li>Are proficient in stick, MIG, and TIG welding techniques.</li>
<li>Can read and interpret blueprints and welding symbols.</li>
<li>Possess strong knowledge of welding equipment, tools, and materials.</li>
<li>Demonstrate excellent attention to detail and a commitment to quality.</li>
<li>Have the physical stamina and strength to work in challenging conditions.</li>
<li>Hold a valid driver's license and have reliable transportation.</li>
<li>Exhibit strong communication skills and the ability to work effectively in a team.</li>
<li>Are knowledgeable about safety regulations and consistently adhere to safety protocols.</li>
<li>Have experience with stainless steel, aluminum, or other specialty materials.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<h2><strong>What you get:</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Medical, Dental, Vision Insurance</li>
<li>401(k) with 4% company match</li>
<li>Company paid life insurance policy, short term disability, and long term disability</li>
<li>PTO and paid holidays</li>
<li>Great, collaborative work environment</li>
</ul>
<p>Diligent embraces diversity and equal opportunity in a serious way. We are committed to building a team that represents a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, and skills. The more inclusive we are, the better our work will be. Diligent will ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. If you require an accommodation, please contact careers@mydiligent.com or call ‪(561) 620-4900.</p>
<p>Paying Top of Market is Core to our High-Performance Culture, and we seek to have only outstanding employees. Learn more about our philosophy and culture at<a href="http://diligent.jobs/"> diligent.jobs</a>. Reach out and share your story!</p>