<p>In the <a href="https://www.sumup.com/careers/global-bank-tribe/">Global Bank tribe</a>, we are building the infrastructure and core services needed to provide our merchants with a digital bank account that empowers them to be successful at doing what they love. Our goal is to become the most popular banking partner for small merchants globally by offering a high-quality banking experience tailored to their needs - effortless, simple, and affordable.</p>
<p>Joining the Global Bank tribe means playing a key role in helping us build SumUp's digital bank. You’ll collaborate with a global, autonomous, cross-functional team that refines an aspect of our product from concept to execution. Work alongside colleagues from 32 nationalities across Cologne, Berlin, São Paulo, Sofia, London and Vilnius, united by a shared commitment to taking ownership, working with purpose, and helping small businesses thrive.</p>
<p>As a <strong>Senior Backend Engineer</strong>, you'll be responsible for evolving and maintaining a high-throughput banking ecosystem for merchants inside our Global Bank Tribe. You’ll play a key role in architecting and evolving our global banking platform; ensuring high availability, scalability, and observability across multiple regions.&nbsp;If you'd like to gain experience building business accounts, card payment, and transfers products etc, across Europe and Latam for SumUp's Global Bank, join us and be part of this exciting journey!</p>
<p><strong>What You’ll Do</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Collaborate with a global team to design and build a unified global banking platform. This includes high-level APIs for multiple regions and local implementations, ensuring high availability and observability</li>
<li>Be part of the transformation team that is transforming monolithic services into decoupled, highly scalable, region-agnostic, unified global bank services</li>
<li>Design, implement, and iteratively develop highly available backend services, while continuously evaluating and implementing new methods to ensure the high reliability of transfer systems</li>
<li>Maintain and improve core services utilizing a modern, cloud-native technology stack (AWS, K8s), with microservices written in Golang, Kotlin and Java and Elixir.</li>
<li>Improve test coverage for existing services and drive the end-to-end delivery of changes, including testing, observability, and monitoring.</li>
<li>Shape and continuously improve our engineering culture by sharing ideas, refining best practices, exploring innovative solutions, and contributing to comprehensive documentation and tool selection.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>You’ll be great for this role if&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Solid programming experience and interest in working in any of these modern languages (Java, Kotlin, Golang and Elixir).</li>
<li>You have advanced understanding of developing and maintaining distributed and event-driven systems.</li>
<li>You have solid experience with event streaming platforms and messaging brokers such as Kafka</li>
<li>You have experience with modern cloud technologies like AWS, and containerization tools such as Docker and Kubernetes</li>
<li>You feel comfortable working with SQL and NoSQL databases</li>
<li>You are experienced with CI/CD tools like GitHub Actions or ArgoCD</li>
<li>You take pride in your work, have a keen sense of ownership, and are dedicated to writing clear, maintainable, and testable code.</li>
<li>Your curiosity and enthusiasm for solving meaningful challenges for users and a commitment to collaboration and continuous learning.</li>
<li>You are comfortable pairing with your peers on a day-to-day basis, sharing knowledge and learning from each other, fostering the culture of knowledge sharing&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p class="css-v01gqo"><strong class="ezjk2n01 css-1ncatf7">Why you should join SumUp</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Be part of a company that values diversity and celebrates unique perspectives.</li>
<li>Work with a global team of skilled professionals in an environment that fosters collaboration, learning, and growth.</li>
<li>The opportunity to work on large scale fintech products used by millions of businesses around the world</li>
<li>You’ll receive 25 days’ paid leave, plus 1 additional day for each year of employment.</li>
<li>You can take up to 10 days’ educational leave to expand your skill set.</li>
<li>Career growth and learning opportunities: We invest in your development through regular training, mentorship programs, SumUp University leadership cohort and a yearly learning budget (2,000 EUR)</li>
<li>Enrollment onto our virtual stock ownership program - you will own a stake in SumUp’s future success</li>
<li>Access to the SumUp Sabbatical, our Employee assistance program for mental health</li>
<li>Join a global team where you belong: Check out our <a href="https://www.sumup.com/careers/diversity/">D&amp;I Initiatives and Employee Resource Groups</a> such as Pride Club, SumAfro, Neurodiversity, Grupos Mais, Women in Tech, and more</li>
<li>We offer additional health insurance, a subsidized Multisport card, free shuttle buses from Joliot-Curie metro station and other great benefits.</li>
<li>You’ll attend global offsites and/or <a href="https://youtu.be/FBKiVCLompk?si=K-E-1uV76OtK9aY7" target="\_blank">hackathons</a></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>About SumUp</strong></p>
<p>At SumUp, we’re on a mission to empower small businesses around the world with simple, affordable tools to help them start, run, and grow. More than 4 million merchants across 36 markets trust us as their financial partner — and we’re just getting started.</p>
<p>We’re a global team of 3,000+ people from over 90 nationalities, united by curiosity, collaboration, and care. Our<a href="https://youtu.be/1axu-TmW088?si=5NjHKNq5n-1GbXc2"> core values</a> and<a href="https://youtu.be/XEH\_nmJ9KZ4?si=pr6TdFl98FhpD5KG"> culture</a> shape everything we do, fostering inclusion, learning, and belonging.</p>
<p>SumUp is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity employer, committed to building a safe, respectful, and diverse workplace where everyone can thrive.</p>
<p>👉 Explore more about our culture on our<a href="https://www.sumup.com/careers/"> careers site</a>, or follow us on<a href="https://www.linkedin.com/company/sumup/"> LinkedIn</a> and<a href="https://www.instagram.com/insidesumup/"> Instagram</a>.</p>
<p><em>SumUp is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity employer, actively seeking and embracing diversity in our workforce. We don't make hiring or employment decisions based on race, colour, religion or religious belief, ethnic or national origin, nationality, sex, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, disability, age or any other basis protected by applicable laws or prohibited by company policy. Our commitment extends beyond recruitment to creating a safe and respectful workplace where harassment of any form is strictly prohibited.</em></p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>Job Application Tip</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We recognise that candidates feel they need to meet 100% of the job criteria in order to apply for a job. Please note that this is only a guide. If you don’t tick every box, it’s ok too because it means you have room to learn and develop your career at SumUp.</span></p></div>