<div class="content-intro"><h2><span data-sheets-root="1">About Wolt</span></h2>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">At Wolt, we create technology that brings joy, simplicity and earnings to the neighborhoods of the world. In 2014 we started with delivery of restaurant food. Now we’re building the delivery of (almost) everything and you’ll find us in over 500 cities in 30 countries around the world. In 2022 we joined forces with DoorDash and together we keep on dreaming big and expanding across the globe.<br><br>Working at Wolt isn’t always easy, but it’s definitely exciting. Here you’ll learn more, build more, and ship more than in most other companies. You’ll be challenged a lot, but also have a lot of fun on the way. So, if you’re a self-starter with drive and entrepreneurial spirit, this could be the ride of your life.</span></p></div><p>Are you an experienced and strategic account manager with a true ‘service first’ and analytical mindset? Does a challenging role in one of Europe’s fastest-growing companies interest you? If so, then we’d love to chat!</p>
<h2>What you’ll be doing</h2>
<p>Our Account Management team lies at the heart and soul of Wolt, ensuring all our existing restaurant partners and Wolts success in Germany. As Wolt grows both in scale and scope of offering, the strength of our account management engine must grow with it.</p>
<p>As a Senior Account Manager at Wolt, you will be responsible for managing our largest SMB merchants, increasing the adoption of Wolt’s products and driving their growth on the platform. In this role, you will drive commercial negotiations, close complex deals in a competitive landscape, analyze and synthesize large datasets and manage your portfolio with a consultative approach.</p>
<h2><strong>Day-to-day in this role you’ll:</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li><strong>Wolt´s Products:</strong> Leverage your business acumen and analytical abilities to raise the adoption of Wolt’s products and services among the restaurant partners within your portfolio.</li>
<li><strong>Strategic Partnerships:</strong> Drive complex commercial negotiations to strengthen the partnership with key restaurant partners, while meeting financial targets for these accounts.</li>
<li><strong>Portfolio Performance: </strong>Constantly monitor your portfolio’s performance, interpret complex data sets and provide data-driven consultancy to your partners.</li>
<li><strong>Business Reviews:</strong> Conduct periodic meetings, present business reviews and lead discussions with a consultative approach.</li>
<li><strong>Collaboration: </strong>Work closely together with the Marketing team to plan and execute campaigns together with restaurant partners.</li>
<li><strong>Mentorship:</strong> Be a senior presence and source of knowledge on the team, and help others level up through training and mentorship.</li>
<li><strong>Market Analysis:</strong> Actively monitor the competitive landscape and feedback loop to influence Wolt’s product improvements.</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Our humble expectations&nbsp;</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li><strong>Experience: </strong>+5 years experience in a client-facing, commercial role such as Account Management, Sales or Marketing positions.</li>
<li><strong>Strategic thinking:</strong> Commercial acumen with a consultative approach to client management: you understand the financial drivers of the industry and proactively identify opportunities that will ensure the growth of both your accounts while meeting the Wolt’s KPIs and financial targets.</li>
<li><strong>Data-driven: </strong>Knowledge or previous exposure to analytical dashboards (ex. Looker, Power BI, SQL knowledge).&nbsp;</li>
<li><strong>Sales: </strong>Sales oriented mindset with strong (verbal and written) communication skills and passion for leading strategic conversations in a dynamic and competitive landscape.</li>
<li><strong>Time Management:</strong> Good time-management skills with a problem-solving attitude</li>
<li>Interpersonal Skills: Excellent interpersonal skills with the ability to adapt the tone to suit the audience.</li>
<li><strong>Proactivity:</strong> High sense of ownership and proactivity</li>
<li><strong>Tools:</strong>&nbsp; Knowledge or previous exposure to analytical dashboards (ex. Looker, Power BI) or data-driven decision-making. Advanced Microsoft Excel / Google Sheets knowledge</li>
<li><strong>Language Skills:</strong> Fluent in German and excellent English skills.</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>What we offer</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li><strong>Dynamic Environment:</strong> An opportunity to work in a fast-growing tech company with a startup mindset.</li>
<li><strong>Impactful Work:</strong> The chance to make a significant impact on the growth and success of our restaurant partners.</li>
<li><strong>Collaborative Culture:</strong> A supportive and inclusive team culture that values innovation and continuous improvement.</li>
<li><strong>Professional Growth:</strong> Opportunities for personal and professional development within a global organization.</li>
</ul>
<h2>Next steps</h2>
<ol>
<li>Introduction meeting (You to Wolt and Wolt to you)</li>
<li>Meeting with your potential Manager</li>
<li>Show us why you’re the best candidate for the role! (Assignment stage)</li>
<li>Final interview where we make sure we are a perfect fit for each other</li>
</ol>
<p><iframe src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/GoL541\_xj9w" width="560" height="314"></iframe></p><div class="content-conclusion"><h2><span data-sheets-root="1">Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion</span></h2>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">We’re committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. That’s why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.</span></p></div>