<p>
  <strong>Headquarters:</strong> SF, SEA, NY, Remote-US
</p>

<h2>Who we are</h2><br><h3>About Stripe</h3><br><p><span>Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies—from the world’s largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyone’s reach while doing the most important work of your career.</span></p><br><h3>About the Link team</h3><br><p>The way we buy is evolving: new payment methods, new purchase modalities, and new kinds of money.&nbsp;</p><br><p>In the very immediate future we’ll be purchasing with AI agents, and they’ll almost inevitably become fully headless operating on our behalf and spending our money. Stablecoins are on the cusp of becoming mainstream and unlocking huge new capabilities for consumers. And at the same time being able to securely and simply share your reputation and identity become essential as robots operate on our behalf and money moves instantly.</p><br><p>We are building Link for this future. Link is the wallet for the internet, for what’s next.</p><br><p>Link is already used by over 200m consumers worldwide and growing exceptionally rapidly.&nbsp;</p><br><h2>What you’ll do</h2><br><p>You will be responsible for building the Link App experience on web and native: building the wallet product consumers need to feel confident, excited and inspired by all the new ways payments and identity are changing online.&nbsp;</p><br><p>You will be a champion of our consumers’ experience and end-to-end owner of many core consumer features. You will be building new products and features to make Link a world-class consumer brand. This will include working with Engineering, Design, GTM and others to help define, build and scale new and existing products. You will be expected to help define our consumer strategy, working directly with Link leadership, and gathering insights from our consumers and data.</p><br><h3>Responsibilities</h3><br><ul><br><li>Deeply understand user needs by spending time with consumers as well as Engineering, GTM and Operations teams, and by observing patterns and trends across their feedback and the market.</li><br><li>Be the voice of the consumers both within Link and more broadly at Stripe.</li><br><li>Work closely with our customers, product teams, and cross functional partners to build a comprehensive and frictionless experience for Link consumers.</li><br><li>Help set an ambitious roadmap for product development and expansion of Link’s capabilities.</li><br><li>Discover new parts of our business and lead them from nascent stages to maturity.</li><br><li>Set the pace, prioritization and execution for the team.</li><br><li>Collaborate with stakeholders across the organization such as Engineering, Design, Data Science, Marketing, Sales, Account Management, and Operations.</li><br></ul><br><h2><strong>Who you are</strong></h2><br><p>You are a technical PM with a high degree of autonomy and drive. You feel tremendous ownership over the products you create. You are probably already exploring how AI can help you ship products faster and how it’ll change the role of product management (we certainly are); likely you’re already using AI tools to ship your own products even just as demos and prototypes (like us you probably have half a dozen side-projects that never quite got finished). You know that the only thing that really matters is getting impactful, well crafted products into the hands of users.&nbsp;</p><br><p>We’re looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.</p><br><h3>Minimum requirements</h3><br><ul><br><li>Brings 8+ years of experience in a product or other technical role</li><br><li>Has experience working on world-class consumer products at scale. Has a high-level of taste, judgment and design empathy. Is able to use data and insights rigorously to analyze the performance of products.</li><br><li>Brings a desire for continuous product improvement and can optimize for shipping a portfolio of small, medium, and large releases.</li><br><li>Has managed high-stakes external partnerships, e.g. agreeing on milestones and executing on an integration into your product.&nbsp;</li><br><li>Has strong written and verbal communication skills with a talent for precise articulations of customer problems.</li><br><li>Takes an ownership mindset and works on whatever it takes to solve problems and delight consumers.</li><br><li>Can put themselves in the shoes of consumers and be a steward of crafting great experiences.</li><br><li>Can dig deep into the data, think from first principles, and deliver the right results. Can write and use SQL as needed.</li><br><li>Has the ability to thrive with a high level of autonomy and responsibility.</li><br></ul><br><h3><strong>Preferred qualifications</strong></h3><br><ul><br><li>Experience working on consumer financial products.</li><br><li>Conducting product market research and building buy-in for product ideas from internal stakeholders and leadership.</li><br><li>Experience building brand new products or working in a startup environment.</li><br><li>Experience working with GTM teams to bring a new product to market.</li><br><li>&nbsp;</li><br></ul>

<p><strong>To apply:</strong> <a href="https://weworkremotely.com/remote-jobs/stripe-staff-product-manager-link-consumer-product">https://weworkremotely.com/remote-jobs/stripe-staff-product-manager-link-consumer-product</a></p>