<p>Our Director, Enterprise Sales will provide strategy, mentorship, and guidance for a team of Enterprise Sales Executives who are responsible for driving new business through the full sales cycle.</p>
<p><em>At Datadog, we place value in our office culture - the relationships and collaboration it builds and the creativity it brings to the table. We operate as a hybrid workplace to ensure our Datadogs can create a work-life harmony that best fits them.</em></p>
<p><strong>What You’ll Do:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Manage, hire, train and ramp a team of Enterprise Sales Executives responsible for new and expansion bookings</li>
<li>Achieve annual Enterprise bookings quota with monthly and quarterly targets</li>
<li>Develop and manage Enterprise Sales Executives on productivity metrics such as deal size, win rate, and forecast accuracy as well as how to lead a customer through a proactive sales cycle</li>
<li>Coach Sales Executives through building executive relationships with Named Enterprise accounts in their territories and through complex Enterprise deals and negotiations</li>
<li>Shape the direction of the go-to market strategy and execution for your region</li>
<li>Work collaboratively with Marketing, Product and Success to build targeted messaging and collateral, and mapping a customer journey for the specific business needs of your region</li>
<li>Conduct weekly forecast meetings&nbsp;</li>
<li>Support direct reports by participating and leading in client and prospect meetings. Engaging other corporate resources as required</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Who You Are:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Experienced in managing a high performing Enterprise Sales team for a B2B technology company</li>
<li>A strong relationship builder with 5+ years of overall Enterprise sales experience working with Fortune 1000 companies&nbsp;</li>
<li>Confident in managing complex sales processes with multiple stakeholders and negotiations with pricing based on business value, legal and procurement&nbsp;</li>
<li>Knowledgeable in selling to C-level executives in the IT space&nbsp;</li>
<li>Experienced in setting quotas and managing people against those quotas</li>
<li>Passionate about coaching others with a successful track record as an individual contributor and can share relevant and complex closing experience with a growing team</li>
<li>Role requires regular travel to client sites, within your area and other regions, using various modes of transportation (car, train, air), depending on business needs</li>
</ul>
<p><em>Datadog values people from all walks of life. We understand not everyone will meet all the above qualifications on day one. That's okay. If you’re passionate about technology and want to grow your skills, we encourage you to apply.</em></p>
<p><strong>Benefits and Growth:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>High income earning opportunities based on self performance</li>
<li>New hire stock equity (RSU) and employee stock purchase plan (ESPP)</li>
<li>Continuous professional development, product training, and career pathing&nbsp;</li>
<li>Sales training in MEDDIC and Command of the Message&nbsp;</li>
<li>Intra-departmental mentor and buddy program for in-house networking&nbsp;</li>
<li>An inclusive company culture, opportunity to join our Community Guilds</li>
<li>Generous and competitive medical benefits package</li>
<li>Retirement savings match</li>
<li>Pet adoption and insurance program</li>
</ul>
<p><em>Benefits and Growth listed above may vary based on the country of your employment and the nature of your employment with Datadog.</em></p><div class="content-conclusion"><hr>
<p><strong>About Datadog:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>Datadog (NASDAQ: DDOG) is a global SaaS business, delivering a rare combination of growth and profitability. We are on a mission to break down silos and solve complexity in the cloud age by enabling digital transformation, cloud migration, and infrastructure monitoring of our customers’ entire technology stacks. Built by engineers, for engineers, Datadog is used by organizations of all sizes across a wide range of industries. Together, we champion professional development, diversity of thought, innovation, and work excellence to empower continuous growth. Join the pack and become part of a collaborative, pragmatic, and thoughtful people-first community where we solve tough problems, take smart risks, and celebrate one another. Learn more about #DatadogLife on <a href="https://www.instagram.com/datadoghq/?hl=en" target="\_blank">Instagram</a>, <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/company/datadog" target="\_blank">LinkedIn,</a> and <a href="https://learn.datadoghq.com/" target="\_blank">Datadog Learning Center. </a></p>
<hr>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="215"><strong data-renderer-mark="true">Equal Opportunity at Datadog:</strong></p>
<p>Datadog is proud to offer <a href="https://www.eeoc.gov/sites/default/files/2023-06/22-088\_EEOC\_KnowYourRights6.12ScreenRdr.pdf" target="\_blank">equal employment opportunity</a> to everyone regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity, veteran status, and other characteristics protected by law. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. Here are our <a href="https://www.datadoghq.com/legal/candidate-legal-notices/" target="\_blank">Candidate Legal Notices</a> for your reference.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Datadog endeavors to make our Careers Page accessible to all users. If you would like to contact us regarding the accessibility of our website or need assistance completing the application process, please complete <a href="https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSeoJeduEZ2NdZF\_65uZmWUrCM-zee7yADXX1s6Xr9zAGq8iKA/viewform" target="\_blank">this form</a>. This form is for accommodation requests only and cannot be used to inquire about the status of applications.&nbsp;</p>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="662"><strong data-renderer-mark="true">Privacy and AI Guidelines:</strong></p>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="662">Any information you submit to Datadog as part of your application will be processed in accordance with Datadog’s&nbsp;<a class="c-link" href="https://www.datadoghq.com/legal/applicant-candidate-privacy/" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://www.datadoghq.com/legal/applicant-candidate-privacy/" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">Applicant and Candidate Privacy Notice</a>. For information on our AI policy, please visit <a href="https://www.datadoghq.com/legal/interviewing-at-datadog-ai-guidelines/" target="\_blank">Interviewing at Datadog AI Guidelines</a>.</p></div>