<div class="content-intro"><p>1 in 4 people in the US have a treatable mental health condition, but most providers don't accept insurance, making therapy too expensive for most people. <strong>Headway’s mission is to fix this by building a new mental healthcare system everyone can access.</strong> We started by solving the biggest barrier to care: insurance. The admin work - credentialing, claims, payment reconciliation - is a nightmare. We've automated that.</p>
<p>But we're going further. Over 70,000 providers across all 50 states run their practice on our software, serving over 1 million patients. We are building the best tools for therapists to run their entire practice, reimagining the experience of finding a therapist, and investing in the platform foundations to enable this at scale. We aren't just a billing layer; we are becoming the platform where care actually happens.</p>
<p>We're a Series D company with $325M+ in funding (a16z, Accel, GV, etc.), looking for exceptional people to help us achieve this mission. We want your time here to be the most meaningful experience of your career. Join us, and help change mental healthcare for the better.</p></div><p><strong>About The Role</strong></p>
<p>As Headway works to build a new mental healthcare system that everyone can access, we’re facing unique operational challenges and opportunities that come with growing and scaling at an unparalleled rate. We’re pushing the boundaries of the existing healthcare system so that we can fulfill our promise to providers, patients, and payers to create access to high quality providers across the nation. In order to do that, we’re building a world class operations team that enables efficiency, growth, and quality, and as a member of this team, you will have the opportunity to have a material impact on the trajectory of Headway and help define a function core to the livelihood of our business and the impact we deliver for our partners and clients.</p>
<p>As a <strong>Clinical Operations Manager, </strong>you will lead high-impact, cross-functional initiatives that span teams and pods. You’ll operate as a thought partner to Clinical, Compliance, Legal, Data, and Operations leaders – helping shape objectives, influence priorities, and translate complex insights into actionable plans. In addition to owning critical operational workflows, you’ll design scalable systems, mentor team members, and drive initiatives that create durable, measurable impact across the organization. This role requires strong judgment, comfort with ambiguity, and the ability to drive alignment and execution across the organization.&nbsp;&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>What you’ll do at Headway</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Design and build foundations for a variety of 0-1 and scaling initiatives within the Clinical Operations function designed to improve the quality and compliance of services provided at Headway.</li>
<li>Collaborate cross-functionally to build, execute, monitor, and implement scalable products and processes that enable us to deliver on core business challenges.</li>
<li>Assess and analyze data to develop and determine strategies for accelerating progress, proactively identify areas for improvement, and deliver on roadmap priorities and team OKRs.</li>
<li>Build and manage a growing team to achieve these objectives.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>You’ll be great for this role if you:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>7+ years of experience in operational roles at high-growth companies, with some background in consulting, healthcare, business operations preferred but not required.</li>
<li>2+ years of people management experience; you are a team builder that is passionate about growing and developing talent</li>
<li>Data is your first-language; you enjoy and are skilled at digging through complex data to solve ambiguous problems.</li>
<li>You thrive in the unknown, and seek out opportunities to dive into unfamiliar challenges, drive towards outcomes, and shape strategy.</li>
<li>You are operationally excellent, able to manage a large volume of moving pieces without breaking a sweat.</li>
<li>You are a collaborator that proactively partners across teams while holding teams accountable for execution.</li>
<li>You seek an environment that fosters individual growth through open-feedback and high-autonomy.</li>
<li>You are motivated by the opportunity to make an impact on one of our generation’s defining problems: affordable mental healthcare</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Compensation and Benefits:</strong></p>
<p>The expected base pay range for this position is $110,400 - $172,500 based on a variety of factors including qualifications, experience, and geographic location.&nbsp;</p>
<p><em>We are committed to offering a comprehensive and competitive total rewards package, including robust health and wellness benefits, retirement savings, and meaningful ownership opportunities through equity. Compensation decisions are made holistically, ensuring fairness and alignment with market benchmarks while recognizing individual contributions and potential.</em></p>
<p>Benefits offered include:</p>
<ul>
<li>Equity Compensation</li>
<li>Medical, Dental, and Vision coverage</li>
<li>HSA / FSA</li>
<li>401K</li>
<li>Work-from-Home Stipend</li>
<li>Therapy Reimbursement</li>
<li>16-week parental leave for eligible employees</li>
<li>Carrot Fertility annual reimbursement and membership</li>
<li>13 paid holidays each year as well as a Holiday Break during the week between December 25th and December 31st</li>
<li>Flexible PTO</li>
<li>Employee Assistance Program (EAP)</li>
<li>Training and professional development</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p>We believe a team's strength is in its people, and we cannot achieve this mission without a team that reflects the diversity of this problem – across race, ethnicity, gender, sexuality, age, national origin, religion, family status, disability, military status, and experience. Headway is committed to the full inclusion of all qualified individuals. As part of this commitment, Headway will ensure that persons with disabilities are provided with reasonable accommodations. If reasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and/or receive other benefits and privileges of employment, please inform the recruiter when they contact you to schedule your interview.</p>
<p>Headway participates in E-Verify. To learn more, click <a href="https://www.e-verify.gov/sites/default/files/everify/posters/EVerifyParticipationPoster.pdf">here.</a></p>
<p>A notice to Headway applicants: To protect yourself against phishing and recruitment fraud, please note that Headway only accepts applications through our official careers page at https://headway.co/careers. Headway will never refer you to external websites, ask for payment or personal information, or conduct interviews via messaging apps. All official communication will come from a @findheadway.com email address. If you are contacted by someone claiming to be from Headway via an unofficial channel, please do not share any information and report it as spam.</p></div>