<p><strong>This is Adyen</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Adyen provides payments, data, and financial products in a single solution for customers like Meta, Uber, H&amp;M, and Microsoft - making us the financial technology platform of choice. At Adyen, everything we do is engineered for ambition.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">For our teams, we create an environment with opportunities for our people to succeed, backed by the culture and support to ensure they are enabled to truly own their careers. We are motivated individuals who tackle unique technical challenges at scale and solve them as a team. Together, we deliver innovative and ethical solutions that help businesses achieve their ambitions faster.</span></p>
<p>Adyen is looking for a data-driven, proactive, and collaborative Customer Marketing Manager. This role will work from our London office and report directly to the Head of Marketing UK.</p>
<p>The customer marketing role is focused on defining campaigns and programs that build relationships and drive revenue growth from existing customers. In this role, you’ll be responsible for working closely with Account Managers (AMs) to define and execute a tailored, 1:1 and 1:few Account Based Marketing (ABM) plan for enterprise customers.</p>
<p>The ideal candidate is experienced in meeting The ideal candidate has a proven track record of driving account longevity and revenue growth through targeted ABM strategies and creates strong partnerships with account management. This is a matrixed role collaborating across the local/regional teams, Global Marketing, Product, and Commercial teams to support existing customer growth.</p>
<p><strong>What you’ll do:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Plan, set up, and execute a localised ABM approach targeting a dedicated list of existing accounts in your market.</li>
<li>Identify target account objectives together with Account Managers and define goals&nbsp;</li>
<li>Map, plan, and create targeted campaigns featuring hyper-personalised outreach and account plans to drive enhanced customer relationships, generate and influence opportunities for specific product upsells and market expansion.</li>
<li>Work with local events and digital marketing teams to execute high-touch premium in-person events to create community and relationship-building initiatives to build loyalty and remain top of mind for stakeholders.</li>
<li>Collaborate closely with the central Integrated Marketing team to locally amplify automated flows, product adoption campaigns, and cross-sell/up-sell logic.</li>
<li>Build and support localised community-building initiatives and peer-to-peer networking.</li>
<li>Leverage analytics tools to track leading metrics.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Who you are:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>3-5 years of experience in a customer marketing or account-based marketing role focused on existing customer growth, retention, and upsell. B2B marketing experience is a requirement.</li>
<li>Strong background in email marketing and community building</li>
<li>Knowledge of Marketo, Looker, and CRM tools (e.g. Salesforce) is a plus.</li>
<li>Proven experience delivering hyper-personalized, creative, and successful marketing campaigns to targeted audiences, including C-level executives.</li>
<li>Data-driven, analytical mindset and obsessive about building strong relationships. Experience in tracking account engagements, realized margin growth, and influenced opportunities.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Balance between strategic &amp; hands-on: From developing a tailored account strategy to the execution of premium events and campaigns.</li>
<li>You are a self-starting and self-motivated contributor with the ability to multitask, navigate complex enterprise account structures, and build a real partnership with Account Managers.</li>
<li>Fluent spoken and written English is a requirement.</li>
<li>Ability to travel domestically and internationally 20%+.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Our Diversity, Equity and Inclusion commitments&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Our unique approach is a product of our diverse perspectives. This diversity of backgrounds and cultures is essential in helping us maintain our momentum. Our business and technical challenges are unique, and we need as many different voices as possible to join us in solving them - voices like yours. No matter who you are or where you’re from, we welcome you to be your true self at Adyen.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Studies show that women and members of underrepresented communities apply for jobs only if they meet 100% of the qualifications. Does this sound like you? If so, Adyen encourages you to reconsider and apply. We look forward to your application!</span></p>
<p><strong>What’s next?</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Ensuring a smooth and enjoyable candidate experience is critical for us. We aim to get back to you regarding your application within 5 business days. Our interview process tends to take about 4 weeks to complete, but may fluctuate depending on the role. </span><a href="https://careers.adyen.com/how-we-hire"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Learn more about our hiring process here</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">. Don’t be afraid to let us know if you need more flexibility.</span></p>
<p>This role is based out of our London office. We are an office-first company and value in-person collaboration; we do not offer remote-only roles.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>