<p><span style="text-decoration: underline;"><strong>Role Summary</strong></span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Canonical's OEM Delivery Team works with tier-one OEM, IHV, and ODM customers to pre-load Ubuntu Classic, Ubuntu Core, and bring Ubuntu directly to millions of users. You will have the opportunity to enable cutting edge technology with world leading partners, and become the first contributor to the innovation.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">As a Software Engineer, you will be responsible for technical aspects of ensuring that Ubuntu functions well on systems. This fast-paced environment requires strong debugging, critical thinking and problem-solving skills, and deep knowledge of the Linux system. You will cooperate with the best developers in the open source communities to deliver the best user experience.</span></p>
<p><span style="text-decoration: underline;"><strong>Key Responsibilities</strong></span></p>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Work closely with project managers and Field/QA engineers to identify, triage, and fix critical system-level problems;</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Work with individual upstream projects to find and apply patches for bugs affecting OEM/ODM customers; champion locally-developed patches for inclusion in the upstream package;</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Provide software and system engineering services for OEM and ODM customers;</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">International travel is occasionally required. Must be able to travel to the EU, USA, China, and Taiwan;</span></li>
</ul>
<p><span style="text-decoration: underline;"><strong>Required Skills And Experience</strong></span></p>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Participation in open-source development projects;</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Passion on Linux and Open Source projects;</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Strong English-language communication skills, especially in online environments such as mailing lists and IRC;</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Excellent and proven time-management skills;</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Ability to be productive in a globally-distributed team through self-discipline and self-motivation;</span></li>
</ul>
<p><span style="text-decoration: underline;"><strong>Desirable Skills And Experience</strong></span></p>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Demonstrated open source participation and contributions;</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Fluency in written and spoken Mandarin Chinese;</span></li>
</ul>
<p><strong><em>Canonical is an equal opportunity employer</em></strong></p>
<p><em><span style="font-weight: 400;">Canonical believes a diverse workforce enhances our ability to deliver world class software and services which meet the world’s computing needs. We are committed to ensuring equal employment opportunities to all qualified individuals. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status.</span></em></p>