<div class="content-intro"><h4><strong>Join Axon and be a Force for Good.</strong></h4>
<p>At Axon, we’re on a mission to Protect Life. We’re explorers, pursuing society’s most critical safety and justice issues with our ecosystem of devices and cloud software. Like our products, we work better together. We connect with candor and care, seeking out diverse perspectives from our customers, communities and each other.<br><br>Life at Axon is fast-paced, challenging and meaningful. Here, you’ll take ownership and drive real change. Constantly grow as you work hard for a mission that matters at a company where you matter.</p></div><p><strong>Your Impact</strong><br>As a highly personable, technically curious and enthusiastic Axon Sales Engineer, you consistently strive to be the trusted customer advisor for the value and technical aspects of Axon’s globally leading solutions. You will use your experience with Software as a Service (SaaS), on-premise software, networking, installation, configuration plus excellence in supporting highly impactful PoC’s to support us in our mission to Protect Life and Accelerate Justice. As a member of the Axon EMEA Sales Engineering Team the Sales Engineer supports the sales campaign to communicate the value of and deploy and support evidence capture devices, digital evidence management solutions SaaS and on-premise solutions to Public Safety Agencies across Southern Europe region. The Sales Engineer is a quota carrying, customer-facing front line role that facilitates and influences product enhancements and the deployment of Axon Enterprise’s products and solutions.<br><br><strong>Location: </strong>Rome, Italy<br><strong>Reports to: </strong>Sr Manager, Sales Engineering EU<strong><br>Direct Reports:</strong> 0</p>
<ul>
<li>Support the technical and value aspects of the <strong>sales effort </strong>across territory which will include: impactful and compelling technical presentations, architecture design discussions, competitive displacement, proof-of-concept engagements, leading RFP/RFI responses, solution demonstrations and technical workshops with customers and partners</li>
<li>Support the smooth transition of the sales opportunity into successful delivery by our Professional Services and/or Partner network.</li>
<li>Consistently research, network and ideate to become the regional “go to” resource for future solution opportunities, product roadmap development and thought leadership</li>
<li>Present and evangelise Axon technical &amp; business value propositions at industry events</li>
<li>Develop in-depth technical knowledge of AXON and domain expertise within technology subject area</li>
<li>Document customer feature requests and issues, providing feedback to sales and product management</li>
<li>Provide support to product Test and Evaluations</li>
<li>Execute customer site assessments targeting technology infrastructure assessments</li>
<li>Transfer industry, technical and product knowledge to customers and colleagues</li>
<li>Proactively plan to prevent pre and post sales issues to shorten time to revenue</li>
</ul>
<h4><strong>What You Bring</strong></h4>
<ul>
<li>A natural and enthusiastic aptitude for technology plus the ability to communicate its value using compiling and contextualised stories to anyone from any background</li>
<li>Confidence to own and professionally drive customers to successful outcomes with Axon solutions.</li>
<li>A “self starter” - ability to identify what tasks need your ownership and when you should collaborate.</li>
<li>Bachelor's Degree (preferably in Computer Science or Engineering fields) or equivalent experience</li>
<li>Willing to travel significantly (70%), some travel internationally</li>
<li>Must have a valid Passport and Clean Driving License</li>
<li>8+ years experience as a Sales Engineer, Systems Engineer, Network Engineer or similar related field</li>
<li>Knowledge and demonstrated operating experience in one or more of the following areas of specialisations: Digital Video, Mobile communications, IP Engineering, IP security, Embedded Systems, IAM, SAAS</li>
<li>Strong understanding of CCTV systems, VMS, network technologies and IP stack (for example Genetec, Milestone, Avigilon, Ocularis, TCP/IP, DNS, DHCP, VLANS, firewalls, VPN gateways, proxies, etc.)</li>
<li>High degree of technical knowledge in computing infrastructure components, data centers, and system support</li>
<li>Experience in data integration and data analysis to support expanding product portfolio</li>
<li>Experience and understanding of large-scale infrastructure-as-a-service platforms (e.g. Amazon AWS, Microsoft Azure, OpenStack)</li>
<li>Demonstrable experience of strong project management for successful PoC’s</li>
<li>Fluent Native Italian and excellent English language skills essential</li>
<li>Evidence of effectively adding value as a Global team member</li>
<li>Evidence of working effectively remotely and independently</li>
<li>Knowledge and experience implementing and managing relational database solutions, in-particular Microsoft/Azure SQL, an advantage</li>
<li>Practical knowledge of SAN technologies (EMC, HP 3Par, etc.) an advantage</li>
</ul>
<h4><strong>Benefits that Benefit You</strong></h4>
<ul>
<li>Competitive salary package</li>
<li>Generous holiday allowance</li>
<li>Private healthcare allowance</li>
<li>Learning &amp; Development programs</li>
<li>Fun and engaging team events</li>
</ul>
<p><em>Benefits listed herein may vary depending on the nature of your employment and the location where you work.</em></p><div class="content-conclusion"><p>Don’t meet every single requirement? That's ok. At Axon, we Aim Far. We think big with a long-term view because we want to reinvent the world to be a safer, better place. We are also committed to building diverse teams that reflect the communities we serve.</p>
<p>Studies have shown that women and people of color are less likely to apply to jobs unless they check every box in the job description. If you’re excited about this role and our mission to Protect Life but your experience doesn’t align perfectly with every qualification listed here, we encourage you to apply anyways. You may be just the right candidate for this or other roles.</p>
<p><strong>Important Notes</strong></p>
<p><em>The above job description is not intended as, nor should it be construed as, exhaustive of all duties, responsibilities, skills, efforts, or working conditions associated with this job. The job description may change or be supplemented at any time in accordance with business needs and conditions.</em></p>
<p><em>Some roles may also require legal eligibility to work in a firearms environment.</em></p>
<p><em>We collect personal information from applicants to evaluate candidates for employment. You may request access, deletion, or exercise other CCPA rights at&nbsp;<strong data-stringify-type="bold"><a class="c-link c-link--underline" href="mailto:axongreenhousesupport@axon.com" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="mailto:axongreenhousesupport@axon.com" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">axongreenhousesupport@axon.com</a></strong>&nbsp;or via our&nbsp;<a class="c-link c-link--underline" href="https://privacyportal.onetrust.com/webform/0efc1702-9321-4119-bc9d-a06c3a1d3e4e/ca57cc26-a159-4193-9f6e-58ffe3fd2509" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://privacyportal.onetrust.com/webform/0efc1702-9321-4119-bc9d-a06c3a1d3e4e/ca57cc26-a159-4193-9f6e-58ffe3fd2509" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">Axon Privacy Web Form</a>. For more information, please see the Your California Privacy Rights section of our&nbsp;<a class="c-link c-link--underline" href="https://www.axon.com/candidateprivacypolicy" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://www.axon.com/candidateprivacypolicy" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">Applicant and Candidate Privacy Notice.</a></em></p>
<p><em>Axon’s mission is to Protect Life and is committed to the well-being and safety of its employees as well as Axon’s impact on the environment. All Axon employees must be aware of and committed to the appropriate environmental, health, and safety regulations, policies, and procedures. Axon employees are empowered to report safety concerns as they arise and activities potentially impacting the environment.</em></p>
<p><em>We are an equal opportunity employer that promotes justice, advances equity, values diversity and fosters inclusion. We’re committed to hiring the best talent — regardless of race, creed, color, ancestry, religion, sex (including pregnancy), national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship status, marital status, disability, gender identity, genetic information, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances — and empowering all of our employees so they can do their best work. If you have a disability or special need that requires assistance or accommodation during the application or the recruiting process, please email <a href="mailto:recruitingops@axon.com">recruitingops@axon.com. </a>&nbsp;Please note that this email address is for accommodation purposes only. Axon will not respond to inquiries for other purposes.</em></p>
<p>Phishing alert:&nbsp; Axon will never ask you to pay for any part of the hiring process, including training, equipment, or background checks. We do not make job offers via text message, WhatsApp, or instant messaging platforms without a formal interview process.&nbsp; All legitimate job openings are listed on our official careers page at <a href="https://www.axon.com/careers">https://www.axon.com/careers</a>. &nbsp;If you receive a suspicious offer or outreach from an email address that is not <strong>@axon.com</strong>, or if you are asked for sensitive personal information (bank details, Social Security Number) prematurely, please ignore the message and report it to <a href="mailto:recruitingops@axon.com">recruitingops@axon.com</a>.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p></div>