<div class="content-intro"><p>At <strong>Yugabyte</strong>, we are on a mission to become the default transactional database for enterprises building cloud-native applications. YugabyteDB is our PostgreSQL-compatible distributed database for cloud-native apps. Resilient, scalable, and flexible, it runs on any cloud and enables developers to become instantly productive using well-known APIs.We are looking for talented and driven people to join us on our ambitious mission and help us build a lasting and impactful company.The transactional database market is estimated to grow to $64B by 2025. YugabyteDB is cloud-native by design, has on-demand horizontal scalability, and supports geographical distribution of data using built-in replication. This means that we are well-positioned to meet market demand for geo-distributed, high-scale, high-performance workloads.<br><br><strong>Join the Database Revolution at Yugabyte.<br><br></strong>Modern applications need a cloud-native database that eliminates tradeoffs and silos. YugabyteDB retains the power and familiarity of PostgreSQL by pairing its trusted API with a precision-engineered, distributed, cloud-native architecture. Even better, it’s 100% open source. Many of the world's leading enterprises are migrating from legacy RDBMSs (like Oracle, SQL Server, and DB2) to YugabyteDB, to meet their mission-critical app demands.</p></div><p>At <a href="https://www.yugabyte.com/">Yugabyte</a>, we are on a mission to become the default transactional database for enterprises building cloud-native applications. YugabyteDB is our PostgreSQL-compatible distributed database for cloud-native apps. Resilient, scalable, and flexible, it runs on any cloud and enables developers to become instantly productive using well-known APIs.</p>
<p>We are looking for talented and driven people to join us on our ambitious mission and help us build a lasting and impactful company.</p>
<p>The transactional database market is estimated to grow to $64B by 2025. YugabyteDB is cloud-native by design, has on-demand horizontal scalability, and supports geographical distribution of data using built-in replication. This means that we are well-positioned to meet market demand for geo-distributed, high-scale, high-performance workloads. Join the Database Revolution at Yugabyte.</p>
<p>Modern applications need a cloud-native database that eliminates tradeoffs and silos. YugabyteDB retains the power and familiarity of PostgreSQL by pairing its trusted API with a precision-engineered, distributed, cloud-native architecture. Even better, it’s 100% open source. Many of the world's leading enterprises are migrating from legacy RDBMSs (like Oracle, SQL Server, and DB2) to YugabyteDB to meet their mission-critical app demands.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Team</strong><br>The YB Anywhere team at Yugabyte focuses on enabling seamless deployment and management of YugabyteDB clusters across cloud, on-premises, and hybrid environments. The team works on cutting-edge technologies in cloud computing, container orchestration, and distributed systems that make database management more accessible and efficient while ensuring scalability, security, and reliability. Joining this team offers the opportunity to solve complex challenges in a collaborative and innovative environment. If you’re passionate about cloud-native technologies and distributed databases, and you enjoy solving complex problems at scale, the YB Anywhere team is the perfect place for you.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Role</strong></p>
<p>We are seeking a highly skilled Senior Software Engineer to join our YB Anywhere team. This role will focus on enhancing and maintaining the YB Anywhere platform, which enables seamless deployment and management of YugabyteDB across various cloud environments and on-premise infrastructures. The ideal candidate will have a strong background in Golang and Java development, as well as distributed systems.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Responsibilities</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Design, develop, test, and maintain scalable and fault-tolerant components for managing distributed YugabyteDB clusters.</li>
<li>Work closely with product management and engineering teams to understand requirements and translate them into automated Control Plane workflows.</li>
<li>Collaborate with frontend, QA, and DevOps teams to deliver high-quality releases.</li>
<li>Review code, mentor junior engineers, and contribute to engineering best practices for development and operations.</li>
<li>Stay up to date with emerging technologies in distributed systems, cloud, and Kubernetes ecosystems.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Requirements</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>A&nbsp; Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or a related field.</li>
<li>5+ years of backend software development experience and strong proficiency in Java and Go programming languages.</li>
<li>Solid understanding of distributed systems and cloud infrastructure concepts.</li>
<li>Experience in building large-scale, reliable, and high-performance systems.</li>
<li>Experience working with Kubernetes, Docker, and cloud container orchestration platforms.</li>
<li>Strong debugging, problem-solving, and performance-tuning skills.</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>Equal Employment Opportunity Statement:</strong></h3>
<p>As an equal opportunity employer, Yugabyte is committed to a diverse workforce. Employment decisions regarding recruitment and selection will be made without discrimination based on race, color, religion, national origin, gender, age, sexual orientation, physical or mental disability, genetic information or characteristic, gender identity and expression, veteran status, or other non-job related characteristics or other prohibited grounds specified in applicable federal, state and local laws.</p>
<p><em>Due to the Proclamation, “Restriction on Entry of Certain Nonimmigrant Workers”, which went into effect on September 21, 2025, at this time we are no longer able to sponsor new H-1B visa petitions filed after September 21, 2025 for new hires. We are still able to consider candidates who require H-1B extensions, changes of employer, or other types of work authorization.</em></p><div class="content-conclusion"><div><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;"><strong>Equal Employment Opportunity Statement</strong>:</span></div>
<div><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;">As an equal opportunity employer, Yugabyte is committed to a diverse workforce. Employment decisions regarding recruitment and selection will be made without discrimination based on race, color, religion, national origin, gender, age, sexual orientation, physical or mental disability, genetic information or characteristic, gender identity and expression, veteran status, or other non-job related characteristics or other prohibited grounds specified in applicable federal, state and local laws.&nbsp;</span></div>
<div>&nbsp;</div>
<div><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif;">To review Yugabyte's Privacy Policy please visit <a href="https://www.yugabyte.com/privacy-policy/#:~:text=Communicate%20with%20Customers%3A%20We%20use,up%20to%20date%20with%20what%27s" target="\_blank">Yugabyte Privacy Notice</a>.</span></div></div>