<div class="content-intro"><p><strong>500M+ downloads. 80M+ monthly users. A decade of building – and we’re still accelerating.</strong></p>
<p>Flo is the world’s #1 health &amp; fitness app worldwide on a mission to build a better future for female health. Backed by a $200M investment led by General Atlantic, we became the first product of our kind to reach a $1B valuation in 2024 – and we’re not slowing down.</p>
<p>With 7M paid subscribers and the highest-rated experience in the App Store’s health category, we’ve spent 10 years earning trust at scale. Now, we’re building the next generation of digital health – AI-powered, privacy-first, clinically backed – to help our users know their body better.</p>
<p><strong>The job</strong></p></div><p>A <strong>strategic and forward-thinking Influencer Manager</strong> with deep expertise in the creator economy and a clear vision for how influencer marketing drives business impact. You’ll <strong>contribute to shaping Flo’s global influencer program</strong>, creating strategies that drive installs, deepen brand storytelling, and strengthen performance across the full funnel.</p>
<p>You understand how influencer marketing connects across channels and teams, from brand to UA, and know how to <strong>repurpose creator content to live beyond social</strong>, extending its impact across touchpoints (even inside the app).</p>
<p>You’ve got<strong> fresh ideas, creative guts, cultural curiosity, and a deep passion for women’s health</strong> to help creators inspire millions of people to better understand, embrace, and own their health.</p>
<p><strong>Your Experience</strong></p>
<p><strong>Must have:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>​​<strong>3–5+ years of influencer marketing experience</strong></li>
<li><strong>Deep understanding of influencer ecosystems</strong> across TikTok, Instagram, and YouTube, and an <strong>eye for spotting emerging platforms and trends</strong> before they take off.</li>
<li>Confident interpreting <strong>digital marketing metrics</strong> (CPI, CTR, CPM, ROAS,).</li>
<li>Understanding how<strong> influencer content fuels paid social</strong> and drives performance across the funnel.</li>
<li>Using <strong>data analysis, social listening, benchmarking, and auditing</strong> to strengthen strategy and drive greater <strong>efficiency and impact</strong>.</li>
<li>Confident managing <strong>always-on and campaign initiatives</strong>, handling high volume with <strong>operational excellence</strong> and attention to detail.</li>
<li>Strong <strong>communication and collaboration skills</strong>, thriving in cross-functional environments and keeping projects aligned.</li>
<li>Brings <strong>fresh ideas, creative thinking, and a data-informed mindset</strong> to push influencer marketing beyond the obvious.</li>
<li>Experience managing vendors, agencies, and contractors.</li>
<li>Deep <strong>cultural awareness and trend sensitivity</strong>, you understand <strong>what’s shaping the conversation</strong>, where culture is moving, and how brands can show up authentically within it.</li>
<li>Experience working with the US and other English-speaking markets</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Nice to have:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Experience working with a consumer app or digital product.</li>
<li>Experience managing ambassador or affiliate programs.</li>
<li>Experience collaborating with Product or Growth Marketing teams to integrate influencers into broader user journeys (e.g., in-app moments).</li>
<li>Comfortable using tools like CreatorIQ, Looker, Slack, TikTok One and Jira</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>Salary starts from 3000 EUR gross per month&nbsp;</p>
<p><span style="color: rgb(255, 255, 255);">#LI-DL1</span></p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>How we work</strong></p>
<p>We’re a mission-led, product-driven team. We move fast, stay focused and take ownership – from brief to build to impact. Debate is encouraged. Decisions are shared. We care about craft, ship with purpose, and always raise the bar.</p>
<p>You’ll be working with people who take their work seriously, not themselves. It takes commitment, resilience, and the drive to keep going when things get tough. Because better health outcomes are worth it.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>What you'll get</strong></p>
<p>We support impact with meaningful reward. Here’s what that looks like:</p>
<ul>
<li>Competitive salary and annual reviews</li>
<li>Opportunity to participate in Flo’s performance incentive scheme</li>
<li>Paid holiday, sick leave, and female health leave</li>
<li>Enhanced parental leave and pay for maternity, paternity, same-sex and adoptive parents</li>
<li>Accelerated professional growth through world-changing work and learning support</li>
<li>In-person collaboration and work in a hybrid model, with 3 days per week spent in the office</li>
<li>5-week fully paid sabbatical at 5-year Floversary</li>
<li>Flo Premium for friends &amp; family, plus more health, pension and wellbeing perks</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Diversity, equity and inclusion</strong></p>
<p>Our strength is in our differences. At Flo, hiring is based on merit, skill and what you bring to the role – nothing else. We’re proud to be an equal opportunity employer, and we welcome applicants from all backgrounds, communities and identities. Read our <a href="https://flo.health/privacy-policy-for-job-applicants">privacy notice for job applicants</a>.</p></div>