<div class="content-intro"><h3>ABOUT TIDE</h3>
<p>At Tide we help SMEs save time (and money) in the running of their businesses by not only offering business accounts and related banking services, but also a comprehensive set of highly usable and connected administrative solutions from invoicing to accounting.</p>
<p>Tide is transforming the small business banking market with over 1.8 million members globally across the UK, India, Germany and France.</p>
<p>Using advanced technology, all solutions are designed with SMEs in mind. With quick onboarding, low fees and innovative features, we thrive on making data-driven decisions to serve our mission: to help SMEs save both time (and money) so they can get back to doing what they love.</p>
<p><strong>Tide facts:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Tide is available for UK, Indian, German and French SMEs</li>
<li>Over 1.8 million members: 800,000 UK and 1,000,000 in India and growing rapidly</li>
<li>Over $300 million raised in funding</li>
<li>Over 2,500 Tideans globally - we’re diversity champions!</li>
<li>We have offices in Central London, with a member support and technology centre in Sofia, Bulgaria, technology centres in Serbia, Romania, Lithuania and Hyderabad and offices in Gurugram and New Delhi, and in Berlin, Paris and Luxembourg.</li>
</ul></div><h3>ABOUT THE ROLE</h3>
<p>As a Member Success Executive, you will be:</p>
<ul>
<li>A part of the "account farming" team, responsible for nurturing member relationships post-sale.</li>
<li>Focused on achieving targets related to Tide account activations as the primary objective of the farming team.</li>
<li>Engaging with existing members through calls, building rapport, understanding their businesses, and upselling relevant products or services to help them thrive.</li>
<li>Collaborating cross-functionally with other departments to understand upcoming product launches and effectively pitch them to our members.</li>
<li>Independently sourcing leads that you identify as having potential to generate revenue.</li>
<li>Getting to know leads/prospective members and their business plans, recommending relevant products and services to support their growth.</li>
<li>Comfortable with cold calls, emails, and outreach, requiring minimal coaching in these areas.</li>
<li>Spending time coaching members through the setup process and providing support wherever needed, offering a 5-star service as you welcome them to Tide.</li>
</ul>
<h3>WHAT WE ARE LOOKING FOR</h3>
<p>Tide is seeking a Member Success Executive (Tele-Sales Executive) who is target-oriented and passionate about aiding small businesses. Thriving in a fast-paced, ever-changing environment excites you, along with a keen interest in the fintech industry and its efforts to save small business owners time and money.</p>
<p>You'll be focused on targets and confident in handling objections to achieve revenue goals. Additionally, you'll possess an excellent telephone manner, be outgoing, and thrive in a close-knit team environment. With excellent commercial awareness, you'll continually seek new revenue-generating opportunities. Passion, drive, and enthusiasm are a must. You will also be:</p>
<ul>
<li>Passionate, driven, with a can-do attitude and a positive outlook.</li>
<li>Possessing 1-3 years’ experience in tele-sales roles, focusing on revenue generation, preferably within the FinTech or digital banking sector.</li>
<li>Demonstrating excellent written and spoken English and Hindi language skills.</li>
<li>Having previous customer service or tele-sales experience.</li>
<li>Focused on revenue and capable of up-selling to prospective members.</li>
<li>Target-driven.</li>
<li>Comfortable with constant change and shifting priorities.</li>
<li>A troubleshooter with a member-first mentality.</li>
<li>A team player able to complete ad-hoc tasks.</li>
<li>Incredibly self-motivated and conscientious, aiming to make a real difference to the business.</li>
<li>Able to listen, learn, and adapt to feedback.</li>
<li>Having knowledge of compliance, KYC, AML, and associated regulations.</li>
<li>Possibly having previous experience working with a Fintech or digital bank.</li>
</ul>
<h3>WHAT YOU WILL GET IN RETURN&nbsp;</h3>
<ul>
<li>Competitive Salary</li>
<li>Self &amp; Family Health Insurance</li>
<li>Term &amp; Life Insurance</li>
<li>OPD Benefits</li>
<li>Mental wellbeing through Plumm</li>
<li>Learning &amp; Development Budget</li>
<li>15 days of Privilege leaves</li>
<li>12 days of Casual leaves</li>
<li>12 days of Sick leaves</li>
<li>3 paid days off for volunteering or L&amp;D activities</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p><div class="content-conclusion"><h3>TIDE IS A PLACE FOR EVERYONE</h3>
<p>At Tide, we believe that we can only succeed if we let our differences enrich our culture. Our Tideans come from a variety of backgrounds and experience levels. We consider everyone irrespective of their ethnicity, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, family or parental status, national origin, veteran, neurodiversity or differently-abled status. We celebrate diversity in our workforce as a cornerstone of our success. Our commitment to a broad spectrum of ideas and backgrounds is what enables us to build products that resonate with our members’ diverse needs and lives.&nbsp;</p>
<p>We are One Team and foster a transparent and inclusive environment, where everyone’s voice is heard.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><em>At Tide, we thrive on diversity, embracing various backgrounds and experiences. We welcome all individuals regardless of ethnicity, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, or disability. Our inclusive culture is key to our success, helping us build products that meet our members' diverse needs. We are One Team, committed to transparency and ensuring everyone’s voice is heard.</em></p>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section">&nbsp;</div>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section"><strong>Disclaimer</strong></div>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section">&nbsp;</div>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section"><em>It has come to our attention that individuals or agencies are falsely claiming to represent Tide and are reaching out to candidates regarding job opportunities. Please be aware that:</em></div>
<ul class="p-rich\_text\_list p-rich\_text\_list\_\_bullet p-rich\_text\_list--nested" data-stringify-type="unordered-list" data-list-tree="true" data-indent="0" data-border="0">
<li style="font-style: italic;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><em>Tide does&nbsp;<strong data-stringify-type="bold">not</strong>&nbsp;charge any fees at any stage of the recruitment process.</em></li>
<li style="font-style: italic;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><em>All official Tide job opportunities are listed exclusively on our&nbsp;<a href="https://www.tide.co/careers/" target="\_blank"><strong data-stringify-type="bold">Careers Page</strong></a>&nbsp;and applications should be submitted through this channel.</em></li>
<li style="font-style: italic;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><em>Communication from Tide will only come from an official&nbsp;<strong data-stringify-type="bold">@tide</strong><strong data-stringify-type="bold">.co</strong>&nbsp;email address.</em></li>
<li style="font-style: italic;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><em>Tide does not work with agencies or recruiters without prior formal engagement, and we do not authorize third parties to make job offers on our behalf.</em></li>
</ul>
<p><em>If you are contacted by anyone misrepresenting Tide or requesting payment, please treat it as fraudulent and report it to us immediately at <a href="mailto:talent@tide.co" target="\_blank">talent@tide.co</a><br>Your safety and trust are important to us, and we are committed to ensuring a fair and transparent recruitment process.</em></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><em><em data-stringify-type="italic">Tide leverages AI to enhance our hiring experience. You can read more about how we use AI in our recruitment process in our <a href="https://assets.ctfassets.net/3h69mkdgxn20/5MFtWSdG8YLKq3jZkK52NY/3f18633073e6cdbd03bba4b9791c64f4/Using\_AI\_throughout\_the\_Hiring\_Process.pdf" target="\_blank">AI Policy</a>.</em></em></p>
<p><em><em data-stringify-type="italic">Your personal data will be processed by Tide for recruitment purposes and in accordance with </em><em data-stringify-type="italic"><a class="c-link" href="https://assets.ctfassets.net/3h69mkdgxn20/4TE0uAE3SXomATDVneocNA/aa31893960b4064dd406ad15d029dcd3/Recruitment\_Privacy\_Notice.pdf" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://assets.ctfassets.net/3h69mkdgxn20/1MYf6q4ZMWugpeaROVETBN/526e9c160a2de03576413c81657c6466/Recruitment\_Privacy\_Notice\_\_Final\_Draft\_\_Sep\_2024\_.pdf" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">Tide's Recruitment Privacy Notice</a></em><em data-stringify-type="italic">.</em></em></p></div>