<div class="content-intro"><p><strong>Secure Every Identity, from AI to Human<br><br></strong>Identity is the key to unlocking the potential of AI. Okta secures AI by building the trusted, neutral infrastructure that enables organizations to safely embrace this new era. This work requires a relentless drive to solve complex challenges with real-world stakes. We are looking for builders and owners who operate with speed and urgency and execute with excellence.<br><br>This is an opportunity to do career-defining work. We're all in on this mission. If you are too, let's talk.</p></div><p>We are looking for a highly motivated and skilled Atlassian System Engineer to join the Workplace Technology Atlassian platform engineering team. This role is responsible for designing, implementing, and maintaining our cloud Atlassian suites. Additionally, this role will handle UI configurations, automation, and integrations to optimize business processes and user experience.</p>
<p>Responsibilities:</p>
<ul>
<li>Design and maintain the global configuration of Atlassian Cloud applications</li>
<li>Provide support to end-users by troubleshooting issues and assisting with Atlassian tool-related inquiries.</li>
<li>Configure user provisioning, workflows, automation rules, custom fields, schemes, permissions, add-ons, dashboards, reports, and integrations&nbsp;</li>
<li>Configure Confluence spaces, templates, and macros to improve collaboration</li>
<li>Adhere to tools best practices and standard methodologies to maintain consistency across all instances</li>
<li>Work with stakeholders to improve user experience and UI configurations for Atlassian suite</li>
<li>Develop custom scripts to automate administration tasks and enhance productivity</li>
<li>Maintain comprehensive documentation for Atlassian configurations, features, and processes.</li>
<li>Ensure documentation is up-to-date and accessible to relevant stakeholders.</li>
<li>Provide trainings to users and teams to increase user adoption and promote new features</li>
</ul>
<p>Qualifications:</p>
<ul>
<li>Bachelor’s degree or higher in Computer Science, Information Systems, Engineering, or related field.</li>
<li>2+ years of admin experience in managing Atlassian Cloud applications</li>
<li>1+ years of hands-on experience with Atlassian REST APIs to perform bulk actions or build custom integrations</li>
<li>Experience using various add-ons, such as eazyBI, custom charts, and script runner</li>
</ul>
<p>Preferred Qualifications:</p>
<ul>
<li>Hands-on administration experience in Jira Service Management and JPD</li>
<li>Administration experience with JPD, and Atlassian Projects</li>
<li>Proficiency in Python scripting</li>
<li>Experience in using Atlassian Analytics and Rovo</li>
<li>Experience in using Jira plan</li>
</ul>
<p><br># LI\_Linkedin</p>
<p>LI-Phillippines P24875\_3391507</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong><br>The Okta Experience</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><a href="http://rewards.okta.com">Supporting Your Well-Being</a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="https://www.okta.com/company/okta-for-good/">Driving Social Impact&nbsp;</a></li>
<li><a href="https://www.okta.com/company/talent-connection-community/">Developing Talent and Fostering Connection + Community</a></li>
</ul>
<p>We are intentional about connection. Our global community, spanning over 20 offices worldwide, is united by a drive to innovate. Your journey begins with an immersive, in-person onboarding experience designed to accelerate your impact and connect you to our mission and team from day one.<br><br>Okta is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, marital status, age, physical or mental disability, or status as a protected veteran. We also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and convictions records, consistent with applicable laws.<br><br>If reasonable accommodation is needed to complete any part of the job application, interview process, or onboarding please&nbsp;<a href="https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1EfiEYZrIyhA2X4Fijk0R3RKYOzNoS3wtvyM4nhbZnXE/edit">use this Form</a> to request an accommodation.<br><br>Notice for New York City Applicants &amp; Employees: Okta may use Automated Employment Decision Tools (AEDT), as defined by New York City Local Law 144, that use artificial intelligence, machine learning, or other automated processes to assist in our recruitment and hiring process. In accordance with NYC Local Law 144, if you are an applicant or employee residing in New York City, please&nbsp;<a href="https://talent.okta.com/new-york-city-aedt-notice.html">click here</a> to view our full NYC AEDT Notice.<br><br>Okta is committed to complying with applicable data privacy and security laws and regulations. For more information, please see our Personnel and Job Candidate Privacy Notice at&nbsp;<a href="https://www.okta.com/legal/personnel-policy/">https://www.okta.com/legal/personnel-policy/</a>.</p></div>