## Your Mission

The Function Owner (FO) oversees the vehicle system functionality applicable to multiple system generations and multiple vehicle programs. This responsibility includes the management of e. g. OEM-specific requirements, ECU-external interfaces to other car parts or vehicle systems, dependencies between vehicle programs and coordination across onboard and offboard software systems. The Function Owner will support the development and implementation of specific functions within a vehicle. This includes the design, development, testing and integration of these functions into the overall vehicle system, as well as the integration of different modules.

## Sneak preview of your future tasks

<ul><li>Contribute to the Design, development and verification of end user facing apps for MBUX system </li><li>Definition, creation, coordination and evaluation of system and customer requirements for application platform and user cases </li><li>Defines KPIs and performance per function in alignment with system requirements </li><li>Provide technical leadership for discussions and plannings with project/program management </li><li>Cooperates with Systems/SW Architects, Software Development and Test engineers to ensure consistency relating to assigned function </li><li>Contribute in the definition of the interfaces of the customer function to the e.g. Overall Vehicle system, Communication, Diagnostics, Configuration &amp; coding </li><li>Communicate effectively with internal and external stakeholders, including suppliers and customers </li><li>Support application and platform team with technical guidance on verification </li><li>Provide technical lead to support customer meetings and test drives </li><li>Ensure that all functions meet industry standards and regulations </li><li>Supports problem resolution and change management </li></ul>

## Your Profile

<ul><li>Bachelor's or Master's degree in Eng. Electrical or Computer Science Engineering, or equivalent field </li><li>Experience in the automotive industry, specifically in the development of infotainment system </li><li>Knowledge of automotive engineering processes and standards (ISO26262, ASPICE, …) </li><li>Good programming knowledge of C/C++ and Python </li><li>Strong communication and collaboration skills </li><li>Strong problem-solving and analytical skills </li><li>Strong leadership skills </li></ul>

## Why us?

<ul><li>An international, interdisciplinary innovation hub, which is part of the Mercedes-Benz Group AG</li><li>Be part of a new generation Mercedes-Benz Operating System and work in with internal colleagues to deliver the best software</li><li>Agile working methods and open feedback culture</li><li>Flexible working hours</li><li>Mobility and Healthcare budget</li><li>Company pension after the probation period</li></ul>

## Interested?

We look forward to receiving your complete application, including CV (in English) and relevant references with the following information:<br>  <br> • Job title and reference number<br> • Salary expectations<br> • Earliest start date<br>  <br> You don’t bring everything with you? Don’t worry, MBition is proud of our diverse workforce and passionate about having MBitioneers from all backgrounds and perspectives. MBition is and always will be an equal opportunity employer. We are looking for employees who convince us above all with their personality and passionately motivated to join the team!<br> <br> You are welcome to contact our representative for severely disabled employees, Anna Schade (anna.schade@mercedes-benz.com), who will support you in the further application process.<br><br><strong>Job Posting Details:</strong><ul><li>Posting date: 30.04.2026</li><li>Dept: Application 2</li><li>Manager: Lukasz A</li><li>Opening: 1 x Internal FTE</li></ul><br>