<div class="content-intro"><h2><span data-sheets-root="1">About Wolt</span></h2>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">At Wolt, we create technology that brings joy, simplicity and earnings to the neighborhoods of the world. In 2014 we started with delivery of restaurant food. Now we’re building the delivery of (almost) everything and you’ll find us in over 500 cities in 30 countries around the world. In 2022 we joined forces with DoorDash and together we keep on dreaming big and expanding across the globe.<br><br>Working at Wolt isn’t always easy, but it’s definitely exciting. Here you’ll learn more, build more, and ship more than in most other companies. You’ll be challenged a lot, but also have a lot of fun on the way. So, if you’re a self-starter with drive and entrepreneurial spirit, this could be the ride of your life.</span></p></div><h2>What you’ll be doing</h2>
<p>Are you an experienced sales professional with a passion for acquiring new partnerships and expanding into new territories? Do you thrive on building strong networks with restaurant and retail store owners in your city? If this resonates with you, then we have an incredible opportunity waiting for you!  As Wolt continues its remarkable growth trajectory in Kazakhstan since entering the market in 2019, we are currently seeking a dynamic Field Sales Specialist professional to spearhead the expansion and development of Wolt's restaurant and retail portfolio in Astana.&nbsp;</p>
<p>As the ideal candidate, you will be an ambitious and self-motivated salesperson, driven by exceeding your own sales targets and constantly seeking personal growth and improvement. Your outgoing and communicative personality enables you to effortlessly connect with diverse individuals, forging long-lasting relationships.</p>
<h3><strong>Day-to-day in this role you’ll:</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Explore and prospect the market to uncover untapped opportunities.</li>
<li>Identify potential partnerships and engage with restaurants and retailers that align with Wolt's vision.</li>
<li>Systematically manage the pipeline of new potential partnerships.</li>
<li>Understanding venue performance in order to set profitable business terms and conducting negotiations regarding partnership terms.</li>
<li>Demonstrate exceptional communication skills while collaborating closely with all relevant departments</li>
</ul>
<h2>Our humble expectations\*&nbsp;</h2>
<ul>
<li>You know how to communicate in B2B and B2C, both over the phone and in the field.</li>
<li>Sales is your passion, and a "no" only fuels your drive to achieve a resounding "yes".</li>
<li>Networking and relationship building come naturally to you</li>
<li>Shyness and quietness are not part of your vocabulary</li>
<li>You possess a natural "hunter" instinct and will stop at nothing to secure a meeting with a potential business owner</li>
<li>You thrive being in an environment where you have high ownership and ambition to go beyond the obvious</li>
<li>You’re a team player, with a positive attitude and love to be involved</li>
<li>Fluent in Kazakh and Russian, English is a plus</li>
</ul>
<h2>What we offer</h2>
<p>If you are excited about working in a high-growth environment, taking ownership, and being part of an extremely ambitious team, then click below to apply and get the conversation going! Please make sure to submit your application in English.&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>🌍 Independent work in a dynamic, international team</li>
<li>🩺 Medical Insurance and strengthened sick leaves</li>
<li>🚀 Career growth</li>
<li>💙 Employee Assistance Program - therapy and wellbeing</li>
<li>% Discount on your Wolt orders</li>
<li>🧑‍🎓 Wolt-wide training programs</li>
<li>🎉 Team budgets</li>
<li>🍊 Fruits and drinks at the office</li>
</ul>
<h2>Next steps\*</h2>
<p>If you are excited about working in a high-growth environment, taking ownership, and being part of an extremely ambitious team, then click below to apply and get the conversation going!</p>
<p>We will be reviewing applications on an on-going basis, so if this sounds like an opportunity you want to pursue, apply today and don`t forget to attach your CV!&nbsp;</p>
<p><iframe src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/GoL541\_xj9w" width="560" height="314"></iframe></p><div class="content-conclusion"><h2><span data-sheets-root="1">Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion</span></h2>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">We’re committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. That’s why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.</span></p></div>