<div class="content-intro"><p>LogicGate® is the leading AI GRC platform for the Enterprise, helping governance, risk, and compliance teams limit surprises, strengthen resilience, augment program performance, and confidently quantify impact and business value. Built to provide a centralized view of risk and compliance, with AI intelligence woven into the platform's core, LogicGate delivers real-time insights and actionable data to help drive current business decisions, with the flexibility to scale alongside evolving business needs. Recognized as a Leader in the GRC Market, LogicGate continues to further solidify its position as a best-in-class platform.</p>
<p>At LogicGate, our people are the foundation of everything we do. We are committed to delivering an exceptional experience for our employees and our customers by empowering and enabling our people to take ownership, make an impact, and deliver their best work.</p></div><p><strong>About the role&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>We are looking for our next Account Executive to target our large Accounts in all verticals. This is an opportunity to play a key role in building a business and making a direct impact on top-line revenue growth and expansion.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>How you’ll spend your time:</strong>&nbsp;&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>Strategically developing a territory plan for a targeted list of accounts in Salesforce leveraging best-in-class sales technology including marketing automation, buyer intent signals, pipeline analytics, and more!</li>
<li>Generating new business pipelines primarily by cold prospecting through partner collaborations, social communication, email, and phone calls.</li>
<li>Form strategic sales plan to target use cases within industry verticals.</li>
<li>Taking a customer through the full lifecycle of an opportunity including qualification/ discovery, demo (in partnership with a Solutions Engineer), building relationships within an organization, proposal, negotiation, close, and expansion.</li>
<li>Being an advocate for our customers. Actively listening to understand their goals and share these potential opportunities with our product team.</li>
<li>Leveraging sales enablement tools to effectively measure activities and develop best practices. Continuously refining and improving sales activities.</li>
<li>Consulting and advising our customers on best practices for their use cases on the LogicGate platform.</li>
<li>Deliver world-class customer service in every customer interaction</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>We get excited about you if you have:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>&nbsp;7+ years of SaaS quota-carrying sales experience, with specifically 3+ years in large Emerging Enterprise accounts</li>
<li>Demonstrated success and commitment to pipeline generation&nbsp;</li>
<li>Maintain a proven record of consistently exceeding quotas</li>
<li>Are passionate and desire to learn about the GRC landscape&nbsp;</li>
<li>Experience building last relationships and proven ability to influence at all levels&nbsp;</li>
<li>Minimal travel may be required for this position</li>
</ul>
<p>The anticipated on-target earnings range for the role is&nbsp;<strong>$230,000 - $270,000&nbsp;</strong>per year + equity + benefits. Actual salaries may vary and will be based on factors, such as the candidate's qualifications, skills, competencies, and proficiency for the role.</p>
<p><strong>Hybrid Workplace</strong><strong><br></strong><strong><br></strong>Our hybrid workplace allows for flexibility aligned to role responsibilities and exceptional customer delivery. Location requirements for this role can be found above.<br><br><strong>Total Rewards</strong><strong><br></strong><strong><br></strong>We are proud to offer a variety of competitive, inclusive, and comprehensive total rewards that are designed to support the unique needs of our employees both inside and outside of the workplace.<br><br>In addition to offering competitive salary and variable compensation plans, equity options, and flexible health and wellness benefits, we are proud to offer generous PTO, Annual Company Holidays, Health Days, and Summer Fridays.<br><br>Employees' growth and development are supported throughout their career journey through informal and formal programs and activities, including access to LinkedIn Learning, regular People Leader training, and our internal Mentorship Program.<br><br><strong>Our Culture</strong><strong><br></strong><strong><br></strong>At LogicGate, our culture and employee experience are grounded in our core values of Be as One, Do the Right Thing, Embrace Curiosity, Own It, Empower Customers, and Raise the Bar, which guide how we show up - for each other, our customers, and all we interact with.<br><br>We believe that the strongest teams are made up of individuals who bring their different identities, experiences, and perspectives to the table. We are committed to fostering an inclusive work environment where all employees’ differences are celebrated and everyone is encouraged to bring their authentic selves to work.<br><br>We encourage everyone to join one of our Employee Resource Groups (AAPI @ LogicGate, Pride at LogicGate, and Women in LogicGate) to participate in and contribute to conversations that foster an inclusive culture.<br><br>LogicGate also believes strongly in giving back to the communities in which we live and work. To enable our teams to give back, we offer paid volunteer hours and company-wide charitable activities supporting a variety of organizations and causes.<br><br>We are proud to have been recognized as a top workplace by Built In, Crain’s Chicago Business, the Chicago Tribune, and more. Visit<a href="https://www.logicgate.com/about-us/news-at-logicgate/#filter=">&nbsp;our website</a>&nbsp;to learn about our latest recognition.<br><br>Learn more about our culture&nbsp;<a href="https://builtin.com/company/logicgate/office-culture">here</a>.<br><br><strong>Excited about LogicGate but not familiar with GRC?</strong><strong><br><br></strong></p>
<ul>
<li>GRC stands for Governance, Risk, and Compliance</li>
<li>GRC professionals help their companies manage uncertainty, act with integrity, and stay on the right side of the law.&nbsp;</li>
<li>The GRC market is rapidly expanding with continuous growth opportunities. The current market size was valued at $50.5 billion in 2024 and is projected to reach $104.5 billion by 2031.</li>
</ul>