<p class="cui-body-o5xe cui-body-m-mwmz cui-body-regular-hd7o cui-body-normal-pvqj css-k4eprn"><strong class="cui-body-o5xe cui-body-m-mwmz cui-body-semibold-pt76 cui-body-normal-pvqj cui-body-highlight-kmah css-10dm8y evwnbdz2">WHO WE ARE:</strong></p>
<p class="cui-body-o5xe cui-body-m-mwmz cui-body-regular-hd7o cui-body-normal-pvqj css-k4eprn">We’ve come a long way from our origins as a small startup. Today, we’re&nbsp;<span class="cui-body-o5xe cui-body-m-mwmz cui-body-semibold-pt76 cui-body-normal-pvqj cui-body-highlight-kmah css-10dm8y evwnbdz2">a truly global fintech company</span>, with over 3000+ people from 80 nationalities, spread across 22 offices on 4 continents. And we’re growing and diversifying faster than ever before.</p>
<p class="cui-body-o5xe cui-body-m-mwmz cui-body-regular-hd7o cui-body-normal-pvqj css-k4eprn">SumUp enables businesses to get paid easily, process orders quickly, sell online instantly and manage their money more efficiently. We create the tools businesses need to make their business and their customer experience thrive.</p>
<p class="cui-body-o5xe cui-body-m-mwmz cui-body-regular-hd7o cui-body-normal-pvqj css-k4eprn"><strong class="cui-body-o5xe cui-body-m-mwmz cui-body-semibold-pt76 cui-body-normal-pvqj cui-body-highlight-kmah css-10dm8y evwnbdz2">THE TEAM:</strong></p>
<div>&nbsp;</div>
<div>
<p id="message">Our robust payments processing platform, consisting of various sub-platforms, has powered SumUp’s global business for over a decade.&nbsp;<strong>A critical component of this platform is our Payouts team, </strong>operating within the post-processing domain to ensure our millions of merchants reliably get paid.<strong> </strong>This entire ecosystem is developed in Sofia by the Payments Tribe, composed of several autonomous, cross-functional, and co-located squads, each owning their part of the platform end-to-end.</p>
</div>
<div>
<p id="message">We are currently in an exciting phase of scaling and improving existing products, while also developing innovative new ones. You'll make a significant impact by improving and co-creating our existing and new microservices architecture platforms, tackling complex scaling and new development challenges. Scalability and high availability are always at the forefront of our work.</p>
</div>
<p>You can join a team that values solid engineering and impactful solutions. You'll contribute to the design and development of our new Java-based payout platform, working with cutting-edge tech and directly influencing our product.</p>
<p><strong>OUR STACK:</strong></p>
<p>Java (minimal setup, Spring Boot), Kafka Streams, PostgreSQL/RDBMS, RestEasy, VueJS.</p>
<div>
<p id="message"><strong>WHAT YOU'LL DO:</strong></p>
</div>
<div>
<ul>
<li>Co-design and develop our new Java payout platform.</li>
<li>Participate in API design and implementation.</li>
<li>Deliver business value through backend decisions and product discussions.</li>
<li>Ensure high code quality, test coverage, and documentation.</li>
<li>Optimize performance and scalability.</li>
<li>Actively participate in code reviews.</li>
</ul>
<div>
<p id="message"><strong>YOU'RE A GREAT FIT IF YOU HAVE:</strong></p>
</div>
<div>
<ul>
<li>3+ years of relevant <strong>Java</strong> experience&nbsp;</li>
<li>Experience with <strong>PostgreSQL/RDBMS</strong> and <strong>distributed systems.</strong></li>
<li>Passion for <strong>clean, maintainable, testable code.</strong></li>
<li>Good understanding of <strong>software architecture.</strong></li>
<li><strong>Bonus:</strong> Docker, Kubernetes, Kafka, Unix/Linux, CI/CD.</li>
</ul>
</div>
<div>
<p id="message"><strong>WHY SUMUP?</strong></p>
</div>
<div>
<ul>
<li><strong>Real Impact:</strong> Your code directly empowers small businesses worldwide.</li>
<li><strong>Growth:</strong> Individual learning budget, 10 days educational leave.</li>
<li><strong>Work-Life Balance:</strong> 25 days paid leave, 1-month Sabbatical.</li>
<li><strong>Great Benefits:</strong> Health/life insurance, Multisport, flexible benefits, Sofia office perks.</li>
<li><strong>Global Team:</strong> Join a diverse team from 60+ countries.</li>
</ul>
<p class="cui-body-o5xe cui-body-m-mwmz cui-body-regular-hd7o cui-body-normal-pvqj css-k4eprn"><strong class="cui-body-o5xe cui-body-m-mwmz cui-body-semibold-pt76 cui-body-normal-pvqj cui-body-highlight-kmah css-10dm8y evwnbdz2">ABOUT SUMUP</strong></p>
<p class="cui-body-o5xe cui-body-m-mwmz cui-body-regular-hd7o cui-body-normal-pvqj css-k4eprn">We believe in the everyday hero.</p>
<p class="cui-body-o5xe cui-body-m-mwmz cui-body-regular-hd7o cui-body-normal-pvqj css-k4eprn">Small business owners are at the heart of all we do, so we're creating tools that help them run their business. With a founders mentality and a 'team-first attitude', our diverse teams across Europe, South America, and the United States work together to ensure that the small business owners we partner with can be successful in doing what they love.</p>
<p class="cui-body-o5xe cui-body-m-mwmz cui-body-regular-hd7o cui-body-normal-pvqj css-k4eprn"><strong class="cui-body-o5xe cui-body-m-mwmz cui-body-semibold-pt76 cui-body-normal-pvqj cui-body-highlight-kmah css-10dm8y evwnbdz2">Apply Now!</strong></p>
<p class="cui-body-o5xe cui-body-m-mwmz cui-body-regular-hd7o cui-body-normal-pvqj css-k4eprn">If you're passionate about payment processing and want to make a real impact at a fast-growing fintech company, we'd love to hear from you. Apply today to join the SumUp team and help us build the future of payments!</p>
</div>
</div><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>Job Application Tip</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We recognise that candidates feel they need to meet 100% of the job criteria in order to apply for a job. Please note that this is only a guide. If you don’t tick every box, it’s ok too because it means you have room to learn and develop your career at SumUp.</span></p></div>