<div class="content-intro"><p>Fastly helps people stay better connected with the things they love. Fastly’s edge cloud platform enables customers to create great digital experiences quickly, securely, and reliably by processing, serving, and securing our customers’ applications as close to their end-users as possible — at the edge of the Internet. The platform is designed to take advantage of the modern internet, to be programmable, and to support agile software development. Fastly’s customers include many of the world’s most prominent companies, including GitHub, Yelp, Paramount, and JetBlue.</p>
<p>We're building a more trustworthy Internet. Come join us.</p></div><p><strong><strong>Senior Sales Engineer, ANZ</strong></strong></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>The Senior Sales Engineer is expected to drive results, inspire confidence, and think strategically, applying both technical expertise and strong interpersonal abilities to maximize customer satisfaction and drive business outcomes.&nbsp; As a Senior Solutions Engineer, you will play a critical role in supporting Fastly's largest and most strategic accounts. Recognizing that not every customer is the same, this role is designed for focused engagements to capitalize on high-growth opportunities, drive revenue retention and growth, and ensure a strong Return on Investment (ROI) for focused customer engagements. You will act as a proactive focal point for assigned customers, ensuring their success and serving as a trusted advisor. This role comes with customer lifecycle responsibilities, including presales and postsales engagements.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong><strong>What You'll Do</strong></strong></p>
<ul>
<li>
<p>Work with customers, prospects, and partners to develop customized solutions aligned to their business priorities.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Design architectures and deliver a customer roadmap that leverages Fastly’s platform.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Deliver strategic sales plays and contribute to competitive wins and renewals.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Engage early in the roadmap process to ensure alignment with customer goals.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Champion customer feedback to shape Fastly’s product roadmap.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Lead and manage Proofs of Concept (POCs) and technical evaluations.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Take lead in the onboarding and service delivery upon a successful closure of an opportunity.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Expand relationships with key stakeholders and build executive-level trust.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Collaborate cross-functionally with Product, Engineering, and Support teams to advocate for customer needs.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Track and prioritize critical issues, feature requests, and value delivery.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong><strong>What We're Looking For</strong></strong></p>
<ul>
<li>
<p>10+ years in a customer-facing technical role (Sales Engineer, Solutions Engineer, Technical Account Manager or similar), with a proven record of hands-on experience at pre-sales and post-sales.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>2+ years of experience working in or with Media, Entertainment and/or Gaming industries.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Strong knowledge of CDN technologies, particularly streaming.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Good knowledge of application security (WAF, API Security, Bot Security) is preferred.&nbsp;</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Proven ability to influence business and technical stakeholders.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Skilled at delivering technical demos and communicating complex concepts clearly.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Proficiency in a scripting language (e.g., Python, Ruby, Perl, PHP, or VCL).</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Excellent written and verbal communication skills.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Curiosity and openness to new technologies and ways of working.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Willingness to travel up to 30% domestically.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong><strong>Work Hours</strong></strong></p>
<ul>
<li>
<p>This position will require you to be available during core business hours.&nbsp;</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong><strong>Work Location(s) &amp; Travel Requirements:</strong></strong></p>
<p>This position is open to the following locations only:</p>
<ul>
<li>
<p>Melbourne, Australia (Remote)</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>This position will require travel as required by your role or requested by your manager.</strong></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Benefits:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>We care about you. Fastly works hard to create a positive environment for our employees, and we think your life outside of work is important too. We support our teams with great benefits that start on the first day of your employment with Fastly. Curious about our offerings?&nbsp;</p>
<p>We offer a comprehensive benefits package designed to meet your needs. Our offerings may vary depending on the country where you work and are subject to change.</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>Why Fastly?</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>
<p><strong>We have a huge impact.</strong>&nbsp;Fastly is a small company with a big reach. Not only do<a class="external-link" href="https://www.fastly.com/customers" target="\_blank">&nbsp;our customers</a>&nbsp;have a tremendous user base, but we also support a growing number of<a class="external-link" href="https://www.fastly.com/open-source/" target="\_blank">&nbsp;open source projects and initiatives</a>.&nbsp;Outside of code, employees are encouraged to share causes close to their heart with others so we can help lend a supportive hand.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p><strong>We value diversity.</strong>&nbsp;Growing and maintaining our inclusive and diverse team matters to us. We are committed to being a company where our employees feel comfortable bringing their authentic selves to work and have the ability to be successful -- every day.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p><strong>We are passionate.</strong>&nbsp;Fastly is chock full of passionate people and we’re not ‘one size fits all’. Fastly employs authors, pilots, skiers, parents (of humans and animals), makeup geeks, coffee connoisseurs, and more. We love employees for who they are and what they are passionate about.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>We’re always looking for humble, sharp, and creative folks to join the Fastly team. If you think you might be a fit please apply!</strong><strong> A fully completed application and resume or CV are required when applying.</strong></p>
<p><em>All job applications must be submitted through our official careers site at </em><a href="http://www.fastly.com/careers"><em>www.fastly.com/about/careers</em></a><em>. We will never request sensitive information, such as your Social Security number, bank account or credit card information during the application process. All official communication will come from an @</em><a href="http://fastly.com"><em>fastly.com</em></a><em> or @</em><a href="http://recruiting.fastly.com"><em>recruiting.fastly.com</em></a><em> email address. </em></p>
<p><em><span style="font-weight: 400;">Fastly is committed to ensuring equal employment opportunity and to providing employees with a safe and welcoming work environment free of discrimination and harassment. Our employment decisions are based on business needs, job requirements and individual qualifications.</span></em><em><span style="font-weight: 400;"> All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, family or parental status, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances.</span></em></p>
<p><em><span style="font-weight: 400;">Consistent with the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) and federal or state disability laws, Fastly will provide reasonable accommodations for applicants and employees with disabilities. If reasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and/or to receive other benefits and privileges of employment, please contact your Recruiter, or the Fastly Employee Relations team at </span></em><a href="mailto:candidateaccommodations@fastly.com"><em><span style="font-weight: 400;">candidateaccommodations@fastly.com</span></em></a><em><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or 501-287-4901.&nbsp; </span></em></p>
<p><em>Fastly collects and processes personal data submitted by job applicants in accordance with our<a class="external-link" href="https://www.fastly.com/privacy" target="\_blank">&nbsp;Privacy Policy</a>. Please see our<a class="external-link" href="https://www.fastly.com/privacy-job-applicants" target="\_blank">&nbsp;privacy notice for job applicants</a>.</em></p></div>