<div class="content-intro"><h2><span data-sheets-root="1">About Wolt</span></h2>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">At Wolt, we create technology that brings joy, simplicity and earnings to the neighborhoods of the world. In 2014 we started with delivery of restaurant food. Now we’re building the delivery of (almost) everything and you’ll find us in over 500 cities in 30 countries around the world. In 2022 we joined forces with DoorDash and together we keep on dreaming big and expanding across the globe.<br><br>Working at Wolt isn’t always easy, but it’s definitely exciting. Here you’ll learn more, build more, and ship more than in most other companies. You’ll be challenged a lot, but also have a lot of fun on the way. So, if you’re a self-starter with drive and entrepreneurial spirit, this could be the ride of your life.</span></p></div><p>Do you have a sharp eye for detail and a talent for clear communication? Are you someone who thrives in a fast-paced environment and enjoys taking ownership while working with driven and down-to-earth colleagues? Then you might be just who we’re looking for.</p>
<p>At Wolt, we’re growing fast and constantly evolving and we’re looking for people who want to grow with us. If you’re excited about building things that just work, and want to play a key role in shaping great partnerships, we’d love to hear from you.</p>
<p>You’ll thrive here if you enjoy taking ownership, growing professionally, and working alongside friendly, humble, and ambitious people. At Wolt, we’re passionate about making cities better places and building solutions that just work and it’s exciting to see our growth week by week. We’re now looking for a customer-focused and structured Onboarding Associate to support and train new restaurant partners, ensuring strong, successful partnerships. In this role, you’ll be a key communicator between our operations team and merchant partners, helping drive optimal success and a seamless onboarding experience.</p>
<h2>What You'll Be Doing</h2>
<ul>
<li>Successfully onboard venues onto the Wolt platform and ensure an optimal and speedy process at all times</li>
<li>Build relationships with our merchant partners, help them through the onboarding process, and ensure long-term operations success by training them on using our systems and keeping them up to speed on any updates</li>
<li>Be in the middle of it all - help move roadblocks, and remove bottlenecks throughout the onboarding funnel in order to drive onboarding velocity</li>
<li>Ensure our portfolio of merchants reaches the highest Wolt service standards in both pragmatic and aesthetic terms</li>
</ul>
<h2>Our humble expectations</h2>
<ul>
<li>Our ideal candidate is structured, proactive, and detailed-oriented, not shy to pick up the phone and push stakeholders to drive speed of execution</li>
<li>Logical problem-solving skills with a bias for action and impact</li>
<li>Proactive ownership mentality - an independent thinker who can work with limited guidance, but through grit and determination can deliver a successful outcome</li>
<li>Excellent interpersonal skills with the ability to adapt the tone to suit the audience - you will be working with a lot of different people both internal and external</li>
<li>Experience in sales, account management, or customer support is an advantage</li>
<li>Fluent in Swedish and English to be able to communicate with the partners and ensure we have correct information on the app.</li>
</ul>
<h2>Next Steps</h2>
<p>If you are excited about working in a high-growth environment, taking ownership, and being part of an ambitious and fun team, then click below to apply and get the conversation going!</p>
<p>We will review applications on an ongoing basis, so if this sounds like an opportunity you want to pursue, apply today!</p>
<p>If you have any further questions about the position, you can contact:&nbsp;<strong>Tina Aramouni</strong>, Talent Acquisition Partner tina.aramouni@external.wolt.com</p>
<p>Please note that we do not accept applications coming through email due to GDPR. Make sure to apply through our careers page!</p>
<p><iframe src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/GoL541\_xj9w" width="560" height="314"></iframe></p><div class="content-conclusion"><h2><span data-sheets-root="1">Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion</span></h2>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">We’re committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. That’s why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.</span></p></div>