<div class="content-intro"><p><strong>Secure Every Identity, from AI to Human<br><br></strong>Identity is the key to unlocking the potential of AI. Okta secures AI by building the trusted, neutral infrastructure that enables organizations to safely embrace this new era. This work requires a relentless drive to solve complex challenges with real-world stakes. We are looking for builders and owners who operate with speed and urgency and execute with excellence.<br><br>This is an opportunity to do career-defining work. We're all in on this mission. If you are too, let's talk.</p></div><p><strong>Okta’s Workforce Identity Cloud Security Engineering group</strong> is looking for an experienced and passionate software security engineer to join a team focused on designing and developing Security solutions to harden our frameworks &amp; infrastructure. We embrace innovation and pave the way to transform bright ideas into excellent security software solutions that help run large-scale, mission-critical software. We encourage you to prescribe defense-in-depth measures, industry security standards, enforce the principle of least privilege to&nbsp; help take our Security posture to the next level. Our Security engineering team has a niche skill-set that combines Security domain expertise with&nbsp; the ability to design, implement and rollout security features and functionalities without adding friction to product functionality or performance. We are responsible for the ever-growing need to improve our customer safety and privacy by providing security services that are coupled with the core Okta product.</p>
<p>This is a high-impact role in a security-centric, fast-paced organization that is poised for massive growth and success. You will act as a liaison between the Security org and the engineering org to build technical leverage and influence the security roadmap and direction. You will focus on engineering security and privacy aspects of the systems used across our services while working on a weekly release cadence. You will be empowered to propose&nbsp; stimulating new projects for our roadmap and rewarded with projects using&nbsp; emerging technologies. Join us and be part of a company that is about to change the cloud computing landscape forever.</p>
<p><em>Bring all the passion and dedication along and there’s no telling what you could accomplish!</em></p>
<p><strong>Preferred qualification and abilities:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>7+ years of development experience in designing and implementing software systems in Java, building highly reliable and mission-critical software.</li>
<li>3+ years of work experience in designing and implementing security solutions for applications and distributed systems.</li>
<li>Work experience and excellent understanding in mitigating OWASP Top 10 attacks on applications, Application Security, Cryptography, Authentication, Authorization using Role-Based and Attribute-Based access controls.</li>
<li>Strong understanding of concepts such as Test-Driven development, Secure SDLC, Secure code reviews and the ability to identify and mitigate threat vectors and vulnerabilities in code and infrastructure.</li>
<li>Good understanding and experience in using cloud service providers such as AWS and GCP.</li>
<li>Developing and maintaining technical documentation such as cookbooks, design and architecture docs.</li>
<li>Troubleshooting and fixing production issues to ensure reliability, security and performance.</li>
<li>Work experience in using RDBMS like MySQL, good grasp of concepts such as&nbsp; replication and clustering along with familiarity in data stores such as Redis and Elasticsearch.</li>
<li>Excellent grasp of software engineering principles coupled with strong written and verbal communication skills.</li>
<li>B.S or M.S in Computer Science or related fields.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Responsibilities :</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Act as a liaison between the engineering and security org to develop innovative requirements for the security roadmap.</li>
<li>Evangelize security best practices across the engineering org.</li>
<li>Research, design, implement and own security oriented frameworks and features with the common goal of protecting Okta’s customers.</li>
<li>Routinely participate in cross-vertical code reviews with emphasis on Security.</li>
<li>Break down complex problems into sub-tasks while prototyping rapidly and iteratively contributing to security initiatives using agile practices.</li>
<li>Coach and mentor junior engineers in the team.</li>
</ul>
<p>#LI\_Hybrid</p>
<p>P22332\_3090120</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong><br>The Okta Experience</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><a href="http://rewards.okta.com">Supporting Your Well-Being</a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="https://www.okta.com/company/okta-for-good/">Driving Social Impact&nbsp;</a></li>
<li><a href="https://www.okta.com/company/talent-connection-community/">Developing Talent and Fostering Connection + Community</a></li>
</ul>
<p>We are intentional about connection. Our global community, spanning over 20 offices worldwide, is united by a drive to innovate. Your journey begins with an immersive, in-person onboarding experience designed to accelerate your impact and connect you to our mission and team from day one.<br><br>Okta is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, marital status, age, physical or mental disability, or status as a protected veteran. We also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and convictions records, consistent with applicable laws.<br><br>If reasonable accommodation is needed to complete any part of the job application, interview process, or onboarding please&nbsp;<a href="https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1EfiEYZrIyhA2X4Fijk0R3RKYOzNoS3wtvyM4nhbZnXE/edit">use this Form</a> to request an accommodation.<br><br>Notice for New York City Applicants &amp; Employees: Okta may use Automated Employment Decision Tools (AEDT), as defined by New York City Local Law 144, that use artificial intelligence, machine learning, or other automated processes to assist in our recruitment and hiring process. In accordance with NYC Local Law 144, if you are an applicant or employee residing in New York City, please&nbsp;<a href="https://talent.okta.com/new-york-city-aedt-notice.html">click here</a> to view our full NYC AEDT Notice.<br><br>Okta is committed to complying with applicable data privacy and security laws and regulations. For more information, please see our Personnel and Job Candidate Privacy Notice at&nbsp;<a href="https://www.okta.com/legal/personnel-policy/">https://www.okta.com/legal/personnel-policy/</a>.</p></div>