### **Position description**

Sonar is looking for passionate Product Managers who will make our products truly loved by developers around the world. You will be part of the Product Management team that drives the vision and roadmaps for SonarQube Cloud, SonarQube Server, and SonarQube for IDE. We are currently looking for Product Managers with a deep technical background in the field of Code Quality.

As a Product Manager, you will shape our code quality offering, ensuring that our users write more reliable and maintainable code and have a seamless experience in the product. To achieve this perfect match, we need a passionate Product Manager who will research, clarify, prioritize the needs of developers, and translate those needs across our product line. You will become an expert user of our products, from very high-level features down to technical aspects of the analysis processing.

You will join the Product Management team, which is composed of other passionate Product Managers eager to collaborate with you. You will also work closely with engaged Engineering teams to ensure that the proposed solutions meet the expected outcome and that we collectively deliver the best products to help development teams write better and more secure code. By joining us, you will bring your deep knowledge of code quality in one or many programming languages and your experience as a Product Manager to help Sonar reach the next level and provide an awesome user experience to millions of developers.

## What you will do

- Contribute to the different areas of the Code Quality Product Vision and communicate about them, internally and externally.
- Research, clarify, and prioritize opportunities to build and maintain an effective roadmap.
- Interact with our users and customers on our product forum to support them, integrate their feedback, and identify opportunities.
- Develop a deep understanding of code quality and how we can enable developers to write more reliable and maintainable software.
- Work closely with other product managers to design cross-product features.
- Align with the engineering and UX teams on the problems to solve and support them during the end-to-end development stage of the solutions.
- Sync with the engineering teams to ensure that there is a good balance between innovation, consolidation, and stability.
- Attend conferences and give talks if you like.
- Help the Product Management team grow in its organization, tools, and processes.

## Experience and qualifications

- Passionate about software development and the principles and practices that lead to reliable and maintainable applications.
- Deep understanding of code quality in at least one programming language or ecosystem.
- Technical comprehension of the architectures related to code scanning and static analysis
- Experience with the latest developments in AI assisted coding
- Experience in software product management, preferably in an agile context.
- Highly autonomous and pragmatic.
- Open-minded and very positive can-do attitude.
- Comfortable in dealing with change, complexity, and uncertainty.
- Self-confident enough to challenge the status quo as well as to receive feedback.
- Leadership: you take initiative and demonstrate your ability to lead a subject from beginning to end.

## Benefits of Working with Sonar:

- We encourage usage of our robust time-off allocations with 27 PTO days for our employees based out of the Geneva region, plus additional days based on seniority and circumstances.
- We contribute 60% of the total cost for your pension; 13.5% to 15.5% of your base salary for savings; 2% for risk.
- Generous discretionary Company Growth Bonus, paid annually.
- Commuting:Sustainable mobility options, including carpooling and the refund of 60% of the annual transportation subscription.
- Global workforce with employees in 20+ countries representing 35+ unique nationalities.
- We have an annual kick-off somewhere in the world where we meet to build relationships and goals for the company.