**About the Team**

You’ll be part of the Analytics Team at Meesho. We are trying to revolutionize the way our consumers shop online by experimenting with a video based shopping format.

**About the Role**

As a Lead Business Analyst, you will work on improving the reporting tools, methods, and processes of the team you are assigned to. You will also create and deliver weekly, monthly and quarterly metrics critical for tracking and managing the business.  You will manage numerous requests concurrently and strategically, prioritising them when necessary.

You will actively engage with internal partners throughout the organisation to meet and exceed customer service levels and transport-related KPIs. You will brainstorm simple, scalable solutions to difficult problems, and seamlessly manage projects under your purview. You will maintain excellent relationships with our users – and in fact, advocate for them – while keeping in mind the business goals of your team.

## What you will do

- Create various algorithms for optimizing demand and supply data
- Conduct analysis and solution-building based on insights captured from data
- Give insights to management and help in strategic planning
- Analyze metrics, key indicators and other available data sources to discover root causes of process defects
- Support business development and help to create efficient designs and solution processes
- Determine efficient utilization of resources
- Research and implement cost reduction opportunities

## What you will need

- B.Tech/M.Tech /MBA in any discipline
- 4+ years of experience as a Business Analyst
- Proficiency in Advanced Excel and Advanced SQL (must-have) – Python is Plus
- Understanding of basic statistics and probability concepts
- Proven problem-solving skills

**About us**

Welcome to Meesho, where every story begins with a spark of inspiration and a dash of entrepreneurial spirit. We're not just a platform; we're your partner in turning dreams into realities.

**Curious about life at Meesho? Explore our Glassdoor - our people have a lot to say and they've helped us become a loved workplace in India.**

**Our Mission**

Democratising internet commerce for everyone — Meesho (Meri Shop) started with a single idea in mind: to be an e-commerce destination for Indian consumers and to enable small businesses to succeed online.

We provide our sellers with benefits such as zero commission and affordable shipping solutions in the market. Today, sellers nationwide are growing their businesses by tapping into Meesho’s large and diverse customer base, state-of-the-art tech infrastructure, and pan-India logistics network through trusted third-party partners.

Affordable, relatable merchandise that mirrors local markets has helped us connect with internet users and serve customers across urban, semi-urban, and rural India. Our unique business model and continuous innovation have established us as a part of India’s e-commerce ecosystem.

**Culture and Total Rewards**

Our focus is on cultivating a dynamic workplace characterized by high impact and performance excellence. We prioritize a people-centric culture, dedicated to hiring and developing exceptional talent.

Total rewards at Meesho comprise a comprehensive set of elements — monetary, non-monetary, tangible, and intangible. Our 9 guiding principles, or "Mantras," are the backbone of how we operate, influencing everything from recognition and evaluation to growth discussions. Daily rituals and processes like “Problem First Mindset,” “Listen or Die,” our Internal Mobility Program, Talent Reviews, and Continuous Performance Management embody these principles.

We offer competitive compensation — both cash and equity-based — tailored to job roles, individual experience, and skill, along with employee-centric benefits and a supportive work environment. Our holistic wellness program, MeeCare, includes benefits across physical, mental, financial, and social wellness. This includes extensive medical insurance for employees and their families, wellness initiatives like telehealth, wellness events, and fitness-related perks.

To support work-life balance, we offer generous leave policies, parental support, retirement benefits, and learning and development assistance. Through personalized recognition, gratitude for stretched work, and engaging activities, we promote employee delight at the workplace. Additional benefits such as salary advance support, relocation assistance, and flexible benefit plans further enrich the Meesho experience.

Know more about Meesho here : <https://www.meesho.io/>