<p data-pm-slice="1 3 []">At Orbisk, we’re on a mission to create a world where zero food waste isn’t just a dream—it’s a reality. We combine cutting-edge tech with a sustainability-first mindset to help the hospitality industry make smarter, greener choices. As a proud B-Corp, we’re leading the way in the fight against food waste, and our results speak volumes: 3.664.373 kg of food waste saved in 42+ countries (and counting!). 🌍</p>
<p>We don’t just offer technology; we’re a trusted partner to our customers, working alongside them to create lasting change. Through innovation and listening closely to their needs, we’ve built a solution that drives both environmental and business success.</p>
<p>With our team growing rapidly, we’re looking for a Enterprise Sales Lead (US) to help us build the future—one that’s greener, smarter, and waste-free. Let’s create impact together! 🌱</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>What's on the menu?</strong></p>
<p>You'll be responsible for both strategic direction and day-to-day management, working closely with our Commercial Director and Head of Marketing to define and execute our go-to-market strategy.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Your key responsibilities will include:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>
<p>Adopting and localising a proven Orbisk sales playbook to the US Market.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Drive our commercial activities in the US &amp; bring our first customers on board.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Aligning with the global team on resources required to grow the business.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Collaborating with the marketing team to ensure alignment between sales and marketing activities.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Monitoring and analyzing sales performance, identifying areas for improvement.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p data-pm-slice="1 1 []"><strong>The key ingredients for success:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>
<p>Prior experience in managing teams, within a start-up/ scale-up environment.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Proven experience, handling multi-stakeholder sales cycles with deal values in the multi-million-dollar range.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>You have been within a sales leadership position for approx. 4+years.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>You have extensive experience within complex, enterprise level B2B sales in the SaaS industry.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>You have experience commercially launching in new markets, and building the strategy around it.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>You have prior experience in building the strategy in regards to KPIs, budgeting &amp; resource allocation.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>It would be great if you have a network and/or experience in the hospitality industry.&nbsp;</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>You are comfortable working within an autonomous environment</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Why join Orbisk?</strong></p>
<p>There are plenty of good reasons. Some are big—like making a real impact by reducing food waste and cutting CO2 and water footprints worldwide. Others are more personal—joining a fast-growing scale-up is exciting, full of opportunities, and yes, a great story to share. Plus, you’ll be part of a team that’s driven, innovative, and just a little adventurous. And of course, we’ve got some great perks to offer too:</p>
<ul>
<li>
<p>To take a break to recharge, we encourage you to take 20 days of annual leave per year.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>To ensure you are taken care of we will offer a competitive health care package.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>We provide you with a $500 annual budget to spend on sportsgear, lifestyle providers or gym memberships.&nbsp;</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>To support your learning and growth, we offer an annual personal education budget of $500. But we also organize additional team learning activities and if needed provide access to career coaches.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>An annual home office budget of $250 is offered, so you can create a comfortable work from home space, as well as a travel allowance for when you work from home.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Biannual trips to the Netherlands.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>