<p><strong><em>\*This is a full-time position</em></strong></p>
<p><strong>Available Start Dates: Immediate starter, 2026</strong></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>Looking to start your career in a fast-paced commercial role? Seeking to have immediate personal impact with a clear career path ahead of you? If so, our Associate Program is the right choice for you.</p>
<p>We are looking for a bilingual (Korean/English) Client Service Associate to join our exclusive global mobility program. This unique opportunity allows you to launch your career across two of AlphaSights’ world-class locations:</p>
<ul>
<li><strong>Phase 1: Seoul (3–6 months):</strong> Immerse yourself in our Seoul office for comprehensive training. You will gain a foundational understanding of the AlphaSights business, receiving hands-on coaching in project management and high-impact sales.</li>
<li><strong>Phase 2: London (18 months): </strong>following your Seoul rotation, you will transition to our London office to apply your skills and further accelerate your long-term career with us.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Visa Requirements: </strong>Candidates must hold work authorization in Korea.&nbsp;</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>About AlphaSights</strong></p>
<p>We bring together some of the most ambitious people from around the globe to work with the leading investment funds, strategy consultancies and Fortune 500 companies. Together, we help our clients access expert knowledge, elevate their decision-making and drive progress by connecting them with niche experts across the world.</p>
<p>Founded in 2008, our journey has been nothing short of extraordinary. With 2,000+ professionals in nine cities worldwide, we’ve firmly earned our place as a leader in our market and one of the fastest-growing companies in the world. Our relentless pursuit of excellence means we only hire the best and brightest graduates to help us reach new heights.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Springboard your career with us if:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>You thrive in a fast-paced, results-oriented environment.</li>
<li>You excel under pressure and enjoy working to tight deadlines.</li>
<li>You are gritty, resilient and ready to roll up your sleeves and make things happen.</li>
<li>You’re looking to utilize your multilingual skills and work with a diverse group of driven talent.</li>
<li>You’re looking to develop a strong business acumen and work across different industries.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>A day in the life of an Associate</strong></p>
<p>As an Associate in the Client Service team, you’ll be the link between our clients and the expert knowledge they seek. Throughout your workday, you’ll work on multiple projects from investors, strategists and dealmakers at top-tier client organizations seeking expert insights to inform their decision-making. This is a communications-intense frontline role requiring you to multitask across parallel workstreams.</p>
<p>Your responsibilities will include:</p>
<ul>
<li><strong>Recruiting experts</strong>: you will spend a significant part of your day speaking on the phone with experts who are uniquely relevant matches for your clients’ projects, often under tight deadlines.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Understanding the <strong>project and market context </strong>and the legal and regulatory environment in which your clients and experts operate.&nbsp;</li>
<li><strong>Taking ownership </strong>of every aspect of your projects, from initiating and managing client-expert communications to meticulously scheduling calls to ensure seamless collaboration between them.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Ensuring success for our Associates means:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ol>
<li>Giving you an <strong>introduction to the business world </strong>without being pigeonholed into any one industry or profession.</li>
<li>Helping you&nbsp;<strong>develop transferable commercial and client management skills</strong> spanning professional communications, negotiation, persuasion, project and time management.</li>
<li>A<strong> clear career path for advancement</strong> to Manager after 24-30 months, and to Vice President after ~5 years.</li>
<li>Successful completion of the Associate Program may qualify you for our <strong>MBA Tuition Program,</strong> which provides financial support towards the program cost of some of the top business schools worldwide.</li>
</ol>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Requirements</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>You’ll need to bring your A game to work, daily. We are looking for:</li>
<li>Undergraduate degree, no subsequent experience necessary<strong>&nbsp;</strong></li>
<li>Track record of strong academic performance (minimum GPA of 3.4 or 2:1 equivalent)&nbsp;</li>
<li>Noteworthy extracurricular achievement throughout school and university</li>
<li>Relevant internship experience</li>
<li>Outstanding communication skills</li>
<li>Fluent Korean and English or C2 level is required</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Compensation and benefits (Seoul)</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Expect total first-year compensation in excess of<strong> ₩68,669,000</strong> consisting of (i) annual salary of <strong>₩50,000,000</strong> and (ii) <strong>uncapped variable compensatio</strong>n linked to individual performance</li>
<ul>
<li>the total annual salary of ₩50,000,000 consists of 1) basic salary; 2) fixed overtime allowance of estimated 40 hours overtime/month; and 3) meal allowance of ₩2,400,000/year</li>
<li>Prorated based on your rotation duration in Seoul</li>
</ul>
<li>Four major insurances&nbsp;</li>
<li>Comprehensive employee health checkups worth KRW 600,000 every year (with discount on health checkups for immediate family members)</li>
<li>Fixed monthly ₩60,000 allowance to cover your workplace mobile phone bills</li>
<li>₩ 7,500,000&nbsp;referral bonus for a successful full-time hire</li>
<li>Paid leave up to 25 days depending on the length of the services&nbsp;</li>
<li>10 days of paid sick leave (in addition to annual leave), 6 months of maternity leave and 6 weeks of paternity leave&nbsp;</li>
<li>Support for mobile phone communication expenses</li>
<li>State-of-the-art office with amenities in the heart of Seoul; option to WFH each Friday.</li>
<li>MBA Tuition Support at AlphaSights-accredited business schools</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>AlphaSights is an equal-opportunity employer.&nbsp;</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>For any inquiries regarding the Seoul office, please contact us at careers.seoul@alphasights.com</p>