<div class="content-intro"><p class="sc-gEkIjz cjtSrT MuiTypography-root MuiTypography-body1 sc-hoLEA">Raisin is the world's leading platform for savings and investment products. Founded in 2012, the&nbsp;<strong>FinTech</strong> connects consumers with banks in the EU, the UK and the US. This gives consumers <strong>better interest rates</strong> and banks a <strong>diversified form of refinancing</strong>. Our vision is to offer savings and investments without barriers and thus open up the global 160 trillion euro market.</p>
<p class="sc-gEkIjz cjtSrT MuiTypography-root MuiTypography-body1 sc-hoLEA">Raisin currently employs more than 800 people from over 75 countries worldwide. Today, the platform holds over 80 billion euros in assets from&nbsp;<strong>more than one million investors</strong> which have accrued over 5 billion euros in returns.</p></div><p><span style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0);"><strong>Team</strong></span></p>
<p>As an Enterprise IT Services Engineer you will join an international team of IT professionals that supports the growth and internal IT operations of Raisin globally. The main task of the team is to manage and configure the applications and services that support the internal IT operations and the company’s goals, compliance, security and growth in a sustainable way.&nbsp;<br>The team manages core IT services, such as Google Workspace, Jamf, InTune, Automox, Okta, Meraki, Palo Alto Prisma etc. and enables the IT operations on that aspect to our employees world wide.<br><br><strong>Your Responsibilities</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>IT Services operations<br>
<ul>
<li>Configuration and administration of the enterprise IT services and applications.</li>
<li>Structured change management for any change requests.</li>
<li>Integration between the enterprise IT services and other applications/services in the organization.</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Secure IT operations
<ul>
<li>Secure and fast IT offboardings</li>
<li>Devices are managed, controlled, updated and secure</li>
<li>Support InfoSec requests and implementations</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Support other functions by means of integrations and automations<br>
<ul>
<li>Integrate services used by different teams to ease access and information sharing</li>
<li>Automate internal team processes through scripts</li>
<li>Leverage AI to optimise / automate</li>
<li>Proactively improve shared enterprise IT services to support other teams' needs.</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Productive enterprise IT operations<br>
<ul>
<li>Improve employees’ on/off-boarding and support processes</li>
<li>Automate IT processes through integrations and scripts</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Your Profile</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>3-6 Year experience in IT administration in SaaS or hybrid environments</li>
<li>Good knowledge in configuration and change management of multiple applications</li>
<li>Deep experience with:<br>
<ul>
<li>Programming, eg. Python, PowerShell, Bash, Google Apps Script</li>
<li>Computer networks, network administration and network installation (experience with Meraki and/or <strong>Palo Alto Prisma</strong> is a big plus)&nbsp;</li>
<li>IT SaaS services like <strong>Jamf, InTune, AzureAD, Google Workspace, Okta</strong></li>
<li>AWS, IaC, Terraform, GitLab</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Excellent communication skills.</li>
<li>Previous work experience in a rapid growing Enterprise B2B SaaS environment is a plus</li>
<li>Excellent knowledge of technical management, information analysis and of computer hardware/software systems</li>
<li>Strong creative and analytical thinking</li>
<li>Bachelor’s degree (or equivalent) in information technology or computer science</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Join our mission, join our team – and grow with us!</strong></p>
<p>At Raisin, we care about each other and it is one of our top priorities to foster an open and caring environment in which everyone feels welcome and comfortable. Our culture is strongly driven by our ambitious team, which connects more than 75 different nationalities.</p>
<p>As part of our team, you will benefit from:</p>
<ul>
<li>Employee Development Budget of €2,000 and four full training days per year.</li>
<li>Flexible working hours, home office and 30 vacation days.</li>
<li>A company pension scheme (Betriebliche Altersvorsorge), which we support with 20%.</li>
<li>Enjoy more than 50+ different sports with Urban Sports Club: We subsidize your membership with more than €20 per month.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Do you miss being in the office? The Deutschland Ticket gets you there, which we subsidize with €25 per month.</li>
<li>Love cycling? With JobRad, lease the bike of your choice and enjoy tax savings, plus Raisin covers your monthly insurance costs.</li>
<li>Hungry all the time? Snacks, daily fresh fruit as well as drinks provided at the office.</li>
<li>You are moving from another country or city to join us? We may support your relocation.</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><p><a href="https://www.raisin.com/corporate/raisin-applicant-privacy-policy/"><em>Raisin Applicant Privacy Policy</em></a></p>
<p data-start="728" data-end="900">We value diversity and the unique experiences each individual brings. If you’re excited about this role but don’t meet every requirement, we still encourage you to apply.</p>
<p data-start="907" data-end="1013">We are an equal opportunity employer and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for everyone, regardless of race, colour, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, or gender identity.</p></div>