<div class="content-intro"><p>Intercom is the AI Customer Service company on a mission to help businesses provide incredible customer experiences.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Our AI agent Fin, the most advanced customer service AI agent on the market, lets businesses deliver always-on, impeccable customer service and ultimately transform their customer experiences for the better. Fin can also be combined with our Helpdesk to become a complete solution called the Intercom Customer Service Suite, which provides AI enhanced support for the more complex or high touch queries that require a human agent.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Founded in 2011 and trusted by nearly 30,000 global businesses, Intercom is setting the new standard for customer service. Driven by our core values, we push boundaries, build with speed and intensity, and consistently deliver incredible value to our customers.</p></div><h2>What's the opportunity?&nbsp;</h2>
<p>In the last six months we experienced an increase in demand for software engineers who work closely to our most strategic customers and help bridge the gap between their business goals and our AI Agent for Customer Service, Fin.</p>
<p>As a founding Senior Forward Deployed Engineer you’ll get to interact with our R&amp;D team and influence roadmap decisions while unlocking business impact for our customers. You’ll play a pivotal role in revolutionizing how our most strategic customers scale customer support. You will work closely with customers and our go to market team to deeply understand use cases and design, build, and implement solutions for them.&nbsp;</p>
<p>If you’re looking for ownership, creativity, and the opportunity to lead R&amp;D and Go-to-Market teams in a fast-paced environment, this role is for you.</p>
<h2>What will I be doing?&nbsp;</h2>
<ul>
<li>Drive the adoption of Fin by helping prospects unlock the power of Intercom’s AI capabilities to automate and scale their support operations.</li>
<li>Embed deeply with strategic customers to understand their business challenges and technical requirements in detail. Provide them with insight to achieve outstanding results with Fin.</li>
<li>Work hands-on with customers' technical teams as a technical expert and trusted advisor, coding side-by-side to drive projects to completion.</li>
<li>Collaborate closely with Sales, Success, and Product teams to ensure seamless customer experiences, project success and actionable product feedback.</li>
<li>Contribute to and evolve the Forward Deployed Engineering function. Codify best practices and share insights gained from customer engagements to help us scale and grow.</li>
</ul>
<h2>What skills do I need?&nbsp;</h2>
<ul>
<li>Ideally, you’ve built an exciting SaaS product in your previous roles and loved the satisfaction that comes with knowing that people around the world are using something you’ve created. Bonus points if you’re a former founder or early engineer at a startup.</li>
<li>You are interested in AI/ML. You’re good at quickly building a good understanding of novel problems, capabilities, architectures and understanding trade-offs and limitations</li>
<li>Strong cross-functional collaboration. Ability to understand and navigate organizational boundaries and bring people together to achieve the best outcome for our customers and Intercom.</li>
<li>Deep knowledge of a high-level programming language (for example, JavaScript, Python, Ruby, etc.) but it doesn’t need to be a language that we use here. Great people are effective and learn what we use quickly (or introduce us to better ways of working)</li>
<li>Able to prototype and ship software fast, while maintaining a high bar on quality and the focus on business goals and outcomes.</li>
<li>Proficient using and writing REST APIs to integrate systems effectively.</li>
<li>Strong communicator. Can easily talk to engineers and non-technical audiences about the same topics at different altitudes, and different levels of detail.</li>
<li>Willing to travel and work on-site with customers to build strong relationships and deeply understand their needs.</li>
</ul>
<p><br><br></p>
<h2 id="content">Benefits&nbsp;</h2>
<div class=""><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are a well treated bunch, with awesome benefits! If there’s something important to you that’s not on this list, talk to us!&nbsp;</span>
<ul>
<li>Competitive salary and equity in a fast-growing start-up</li>
<li>We serve lunch every weekday, plus a variety of snack foods and a fully stocked kitchen</li>
<li>Regular compensation reviews - we reward great work!</li>
<li>Pension scheme &amp; match up to 4%</li>
<li>Peace of mind with life assurance, as well as comprehensive health and dental insurance for you and your dependents</li>
<li>Flexible paid time off policy</li>
<li>Paid maternity leave, as well as 6 weeks paternity leave for fathers, to let you spend valuable time with your loved ones</li>
<li>If you’re cycling, we’ve got you covered on the Cycle-to-Work Scheme. With secure bike storage too&nbsp;</li>
<li>MacBooks are our standard, but we also offer Windows for certain roles when needed.</li>
</ul>
</div><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>Policies&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>Intercom has a hybrid working policy. We believe that working in person helps us stay connected, collaborate easier and create a great culture while still providing flexibility to work from home. We expect employees to be in the office at least three days per week.</p>
<p>We have a radically open and accepting culture at Intercom. We avoid spending time on divisive subjects to foster a safe and cohesive work environment for everyone. As an organization, our policy is to not advocate on behalf of the company or our employees on any social or political topics out of our internal or external communications. We respect personal opinion and expression on these topics on personal social platforms on personal time, and do not challenge or confront anyone for their views on non-work related topics. Our goal is to focus on doing incredible work to achieve our goals and unite the company through our <a href="https://www.intercom.com/careers">core values</a>.&nbsp;&nbsp;</p>
<p>Intercom values diversity and is committed to a policy of Equal Employment Opportunity. Intercom will not discriminate against an applicant or employee on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, national origin, ancestry, sex, gender, age, physical or mental disability, veteran or military status, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, marital status, or any other legally recognized protected basis under federal, state, or local law.</p></div>