<p>
  <strong>Headquarters:</strong> Remote, Canada
</p>

<div class=""><br><div class="content-intro"><div></div><br><p>&nbsp;</p><br><p>On this journey for over 12 years, Qventus is leading the transformation of healthcare. We enable hospitals to focus on what matters most: patient care. Our innovative solutions harness the power of machine learning, generative AI, and behavioral science to deliver exceptional outcomes and empower care teams to anticipate and resolve issues before they arise.</p><br><p>Our success in rapid scale across the globe is backed by some of the world's leading investors. At Qventus, you will have the opportunity to work with an exceptional, mission-driven team across the globe, and the ability to directly impact the lives of patients. We’re inspired to work with healthcare leaders on our founding vision and unlock world-class medicine through world-class operations. <span>#LI-JB1</span></p><br><p>&nbsp;</p></div><br><p>As a Product Designer at Qventus, you will collaborate closely with product managers, clinical experts, data scientists, and engineers to craft impactful user experiences that make pre-surgical and post-surgical workflows more intuitive and efficient. In this role, you’ll have the opportunity to build meaningful solutions, organize visually-complex information in compelling and intuitive ways, test interactive prototypes with customers, and contribute to our design system to drive our mission forward. This position is ideal for a self-starter who knows how to:</p><br><ul><br><li>navigate ambiguity</li><br><li>thrives in a fast-paced collaborative environment</li><br><li>is passionate about their design craft</li><br><li>wants to ensure that their work makes a positive, meaningful impact in the world</li><br></ul><br><h2><strong>What We’re Looking For:&nbsp;</strong></h2><br><p>Highly organized, self-motivated Product Designer with 3+ years of experience and a BS/MS in Human Computer Interaction, Interaction Design, UX Design, Service Design, or equivalent.</p><br><p>You’ll share a strong portfolio that showcases the impact your designs have made along with:</p><br><ul><br><li>Visual design and information architecture: A discerning eye for detail, and ability to structure information and actions in a way that is both visually stunning, concise, and intuitive to users. Show us how you can think across different altitudes—from the scenarios and states of your user flows, to the micro-interactions you developed, to the larger principles and frameworks that you co-develop with your team to align and accelerate the work.</li><br><li>Customer advocacy: You’ll share how you’ve helped teams discover, define, and prioritize customer needs by gathering qualitative and quantitative insights.</li><br><li>Thoughtful, responsive end-to-end solutions: You solve for different scenarios comprehensively across web and mobile.</li><br><li>Mastery of Figma: Demonstrated Figma mastery to build cohesive components, designs, and flows.</li><br><li>Rapid Prototyping skills: Ability to build quick, interactive prototypes to bring concepts to life within Figma.</li><br><li>Experience with Design Systems: Knowledge of building and maintaining cohesive design systems that leverage Figma components, variables and variants.</li><br><li>Accessible designs: You ensure designs and design components meet WCAG 2.2 and ADA accessibility requirements.</li><br><li>Service Design proficiency: Show us how you organize and map complex workflows and user journeys to help your team understand the big picture and how to solve for it.</li><br></ul><br><h2><strong>It’s a Plus if You…</strong></h2><br><ul><br><li>Put prototypes together that demonstrate animations and microinteractions: Show us the delightful animations and microinteractions you’ve delivered to your customers to take their experiences to the next level.</li><br><li>Go beyond what conventional dashboards and graphs show to instead visualize data and actionable insights in a way that helps users answer their burning questions and inspires them to act.</li><br><li>Have prior experiences delivering well-crafted B2C/B2B experiences across complex, heavily-regulated industries such as healthcare, fintech, delivery/fleet logistics, robotics, government, and automotive.</li><br><li>Prior experiences with AI/LLMs</li><br><li>Writing front-end code to bring your ideas to life</li><br></ul><br><h2><strong>Why you will love working with us:</strong></h2><br><p>Qventus has a low-ego, highly-collaborative culture where bold innovation is encouraged and expected—<em>and</em> every voice is valued. Here, you can expect to:</p><br><ul><br><li>Be a pioneer: This is an incredibly rare opportunity to develop highly demanded skills that combine cutting-edge AI and LLM technology with sophisticated designs.</li><br><li>Be a highly-collaborative design expert: Our fast-moving, cross functional teams will look to you for design expertise and guidance as you help them quickly explore their options and move decisively.</li><br><li>Access customers: Our teams regularly speak to customers to learn about their challenges, and get feedback on early-stage solutions.</li><br><li>See design go live quickly: Your designs will be delivered into customers’ hands much faster than you expect instead of sitting in a backlog collecting dust.&nbsp;&nbsp;</li><br><li>Make meaningful, measurable impact: Your designs will directly improve hospital efficiency, clinical staff happiness, and quality of personalized care delivered to each patient. And our teams are great about gathering data about how each new improvement performs.</li><br><li>Learn from a high-performing, diverse, and passionate team: Our team is composed of some of the most brilliant minds across healthcare and technology—all of whom are united in their passion to improve healthcare.</li><br><li>Grow: Qventus is a young company that is growing rapidly, and is committed to supporting the professional development of its team members.</li><br><li>Be celebrated by an inclusive environment: As an equal opportunity employer, our inclusive environment celebrates diversity of all employees. We encourage individuals of all backgrounds and perspectives to apply.</li><br></ul><br><div class="content-pay-transparency"><div class="pay-input"><div class="description"><p>Compensation for this role is based on market data and takes into account a variety of factors, including location, skills, qualifications, and prior relevant experience. Salary is just one part of the total rewards package at Qventus. We also offer a range of benefits and perks, including Open Paid Time Off, paid parental leave, professional development, wellness and technology stipends, a generous employee referral bonus, and employee stock option awards.</p></div><div class="title">Salary Range</div><div class="pay-range"><span>$120,000</span><span class="divider">—</span><span>$150,000 USD</span></div></div></div><br><div class="content-conclusion"><p>&nbsp;</p><br><p><span> Qventus&nbsp;values diversity in its workforce and proudly upholds the principles of <a href="https://www.ada.gov/resources/disability-rights-guide/#:~:text=The%20ADA%20prohibits%20discrimination%20on%20the%20basis"> Equal Opportunity Employment </a>. We welcome all qualified applicants and ensure fair consideration for employment without discrimination&nbsp;based on any legally protected characteristics, including, but not limited to: veteran status, uniformed service member status, race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity,&nbsp;age,&nbsp;pregnancy (including childbirth, lactation and related medical conditions), national origin or ancestry, citizenship or immigration status, physical or mental disability, genetic information (including testing and characteristics) or any other category protected by federal, state or local law (collectively, "protected characteristics"). Our commitment to equal opportunity employment applies to all persons involved in our operations and prohibits unlawful discrimination by any employee, including supervisors and co-workers. </span></p><br><p><span> Qventus participates in the&nbsp; <a href="https://www.e-verify.gov/">E-Verify</a>&nbsp;program as required by law and is committed to providing reasonable accommodations to individuals with disabilities in compliance with <a href="https://www.ada.gov/resources/disability-rights-guide/">Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA)</a>. In compliance with the <a href="https://www.oag.ca.gov/privacy/ccpa">California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA)</a>, Qventus provides transparency into how applicant data is processed during the application process. Candidate information will be treated in accordance with our candidate privacy notice. </span></p><br><p><span> *Benefits and perks are subject to plan documents and may change at the company's discretion. </span></p><br><p><span> *Employment is contingent upon the satisfactory completion of our pre-employment background investigation and drug test. </span></p></div><br></div>

<p><strong>To apply:</strong> <a href="https://weworkremotely.com/remote-jobs/qventus-product-designer">https://weworkremotely.com/remote-jobs/qventus-product-designer</a></p>