**WHO IS AGICAP?**

Created in Lyon in 2016 by French entrepreneurs, Agicap is one of the fastest scale-ups in Europe, with over 7000 customers and revenue growth above 100% YoY for the past 3 years. GP Bullhound has ranked us as the next most likely unicorn in Europe.

Agicap allows CEOs and Finance teams of SMBs and Mid-Market companies to efficiently manage and forecast their cash flow, pay their suppliers and get paid.

Cash is King, and Agicap fundamentally reshapes the way companies manage one of their greatest pain points.

Our ambition is to become the global financial management solution for SMEs and Mid-Market companies worldwide.

To help us get there we have raised 3 rounds of fundings so far, totalling $121 million, with prestigious VC funds including Greenoaks, Partech and BlackFin.

These additional resources further fuel our product innovation, allowing us to grow significantly the team by welcoming new talents and accelerating our international expansion across Europe. We are now over 500 people.

We believe our success comes from our highly passionate and dedicated teams, committed to building a company where people can grow and build their careers. We are constantly looking for great talents, aiming for excellence and ready to join our ambitious adventure!

[Home page](https://agicap.com/en/)

[Customer Stories](https://agicap.com/en/clients/)

[Our Values](https://career.agicap.com/article/working-at-agicap/)

**Headcount Growth :**

July 2019 : 10

July 2020 : 50

July 2021 : 200

July 2023 : +500

**🎯 Your mission :**

In collaboration with the Customer Success, Sales, Product, and Tech teams, your mission will be to enhance customer satisfaction and relationships.

You will be responsible for:

∙ Monitoring customer requests through online chat

∙ Qualifying and prioritizing requests to ensure they are handled as efficiently and quickly as possible (30 to 50 requests per day)

∙ Supporting and training various users

∙ Ensuring smooth information flow with the rest of the CS team

∙ Managing daily relationships with users to turn our clients into true ambassadors and reduce churn

∙ Contributing to the improvement of our processes and organization

∙ Enriching our content to assist users (FAQ)

∙ Participating in product improvement in collaboration with the Tech and Product teams

∙ Supporting organic growth among our clients by qualifying upsell opportunities through online chat requests

∙ Eventually, contributing to the training of new Customer Care Managers by becoming their coach

What makes our job beautiful is the diversity of challenges encountered and our interlocutors. From prospects to experienced platform users, we respond to and support each client regardless of their needs (technical issues, guidance on using Agicap, advice, etc.).

Moreover, the position may eventually lead to numerous opportunities for advancement within Agicap, making it an excellent entry point into the rapidly growing FinTech industry.

## ⭐️ What we are looking for :

- You have at least a Bachelor's degree or a BBA ideally in management, finance, audit, or accounting.
- You enjoy helping clients and ideally have some experience in B2B customer relations.
- You thrive on solving problems in challenging situations and finding solutions when needed.
- You can manage multiple tasks and changing priorities within tight deadlines.
- You have an excellent level of French and are able to lead full business conversations
- You are curious and quick to learn.
- You have excellent oral and written communication skills and are eager to communicate with clients.
- You enjoy debating, persuading, and selling.
- You have a team spirit and a desire to share your knowledge.
- You are ambitious and drawn to the startup mentality.

## 🎁 What we offer :

- A competitive salary package
- A key moment to join a fast-growing startup and contribute to the creation of our new international hub (opened in April 2023)
- A beautiful office in the heart of Lisbon, right in one of Europe’s top rising tech hubs
- Great opportunities to advance your career within a fast-growing international company
- Daily challenges working with SME executives and CEOs
- A highly entrepreneurial environment that is empowering, educational, and offers a lot of autonomy
- A vibrant and passionate work atmosphere with a true team spirit to help Agicap grow internationally
- A fun, energetic team where we celebrate with regular afterworks, team building events and global seminars with all Agicapians
- Daily lunch allowance, health insurance, transportation reimbursement and state-of-the-art work equipment

**HOW DO YOU BECOME PART OF THE TEAM?**

Our interview process takes an average of 2 weeks and generally consists of

∙ First meeting with the Talent Acquisition team

∙ A role play or case study with the respective department

∙ Final round with management (and sometimes C-level decision-maker)

A transparent and fast process is a top priority for us - we therefore endeavour to respond to all applications within **48 hours**.

At Agicap, we believe that true innovation thrives in an environment where everyone feels valued and included. We’re committed to building a diverse team that reflects the variety of perspectives in our world. If you’re excited about this role but don’t meet every requirement, don’t let that stop you from applying—we want to hear from you! We welcome applications from all backgrounds. Join us in creating a workplace of inclusiveness.

**See you soon, your Agicap Lisbon team!**