<p><strong>This is Adyen</strong></p>
<p>Adyen provides payments, data, and financial products in a single solution for customers like Meta, Uber, H&amp;M, and Microsoft - making us the financial technology platform of choice. At Adyen, everything we do is engineered for ambition.&nbsp;</p>
<p>For our teams, we create an environment with opportunities for our people to succeed, backed by the culture and support to ensure they are enabled to truly own their careers. We are motivated individuals who tackle unique technical challenges at scale and solve them as a team. Together, we deliver innovative and ethical solutions that help businesses achieve their ambitions faster.</p>
<p><strong>Senior Platform Engineer</strong></p>
<p>We are on the lookout for a <strong>Senior</strong> <strong>Platform Engineer</strong> to join our Platform Engineering organization. Our teams in this area are responsible for provisioning, running, and managing critical data systems like Apache Kafka, Apache Flink and ElasticSearch for all product teams, at massive scale. Within this role the candidate will primarily focus on one of these areas (ElasticSearch or Apache Kafka).</p>
<p>As a Senior Platform Engineer your work will directly influence the resilience, performance, and developer experience of Adyen's core platform. A platform that was responsible for processing over a trillion euros worth of payments in 2025.</p>
<p><strong>What you'll do:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><strong>Design and implement</strong>: Build, maintain, and evolve the infrastructure and tooling that supports our core data platforms.</li>
<li><strong>System reliability</strong>: Ensure the high availability, performance, and scalability of our Kafka, Flink and ElasticSearch platform</li>
<li><strong>Troubleshoot and optimize</strong>: Deep dive into performance bottlenecks, identify root causes, and implement effective solutions. This includes analyzing system metrics, core dumps, traces, and logs.</li>
<li><strong>Automation</strong>: Develop and maintain tooling to streamline operational tasks and improve efficiency.</li>
<li><strong>Code and debug</strong>: Write high-quality, maintainable code in languages such as Go or Python to solve complex engineering problems and debug existing systems.</li>
<li><strong>Collaboration</strong>: Work closely with other engineering teams to provide expert guidance and support for their data platform needs.&nbsp;</li>
<li><strong>On-Call</strong>: Participate in an on-call rotation to support the reliability of our production systems.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Who you are:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><strong>Base knowledge</strong>:&nbsp; Strong Linux expertise and strong systems engineering knowledge in distributed systems/high availability. 7+ years of industry experience&nbsp;</li>
<li><strong>Engineer</strong>: Knowledgeable in a programming language like Go or Python.&nbsp;</li>
<li><strong>Orchestration</strong>: Hands-on Kubernetes or OpenStack experience</li>
<li><strong>Understands distributed systems (Kafka or ElasticSearch)</strong>: Strong knowledge of scaling, availability, and operational best practices.</li>
<li><strong>Balances technical and project&nbsp; leadership</strong>: Can drive technical projects while fostering a strong team culture.</li>
<li><strong>Excels in cross-functional collaboration</strong>: Works well with product, reliability, and other engineering teams.</li>
<li><strong>Is proactive and impact-driven</strong>: Identifies problems before they arise and drives meaningful improvements.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Bonus points for:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Experience with running or managing an Apache Kafka or ElasticSearch platform offering</li>
<li>Experience with other database technologies or distributed systems</li>
<li>Experience with Puppet, Ansible, Terraform and/or Vault.</li>
<li>Familiarity with observability tools (e.g. Prometheus, Grafana, ELK stack).</li>
<li>Experience in a fast-paced, high-growth environment</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Our Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion commitments</strong></p>
<p>Our unique approach is a product of our diverse perspectives. This diversity of backgrounds and cultures is essential in helping us maintain our momentum. Our business and technical challenges are unique, and we need as many different voices as possible to join us in solving them - voices like yours. No matter who you are or where you’re from, we welcome you to be your true self at Adyen.</p>
<p>Studies show that women and members of underrepresented communities apply for jobs only if they meet 100% of the qualifications. Does this sound like you? If so, Adyen encourages you to reconsider and apply. We look forward to your application!</p>
<p><strong>What’s next?</strong></p>
<p>Ensuring a smooth and enjoyable candidate experience is critical for us. We aim to get back to you regarding your application within 10 business days. Our interview process tends to take about 4 weeks to complete but may fluctuate depending on the role. Learn more about our hiring process here. Don’t be afraid to let us know if you need more flexibility.</p>
<p>This role is based out of our Bangalore office. We are an office-first company and value in-person collaboration; we do not offer remote-only roles.</p>