<div class="content-intro"><h3>ABOUT TIDE</h3>
<p>At Tide we help SMEs save time (and money) in the running of their businesses by not only offering business accounts and related banking services, but also a comprehensive set of highly usable and connected administrative solutions from invoicing to accounting.</p>
<p>Tide is transforming the small business banking market with over 1.8 million members globally across the UK, India, Germany and France.</p>
<p>Using advanced technology, all solutions are designed with SMEs in mind. With quick onboarding, low fees and innovative features, we thrive on making data-driven decisions to serve our mission: to help SMEs save both time (and money) so they can get back to doing what they love.</p>
<p><strong>Tide facts:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Tide is available for UK, Indian, German and French SMEs</li>
<li>Over 1.8 million members: 800,000 UK and 1,000,000 in India and growing rapidly</li>
<li>Over $300 million raised in funding</li>
<li>Over 2,500 Tideans globally - we’re diversity champions!</li>
<li>We have offices in Central London, with a member support and technology centre in Sofia, Bulgaria, technology centres in Serbia, Romania, Lithuania and Hyderabad and offices in Gurugram and New Delhi, and in Berlin, Paris and Luxembourg.</li>
</ul></div><h3>&nbsp;</h3>
<h3>ABOUT THE ROLE:&nbsp;</h3>
<p>The Tidean at this position would be required to be an experienced professional with practical knowledge in planning, delivery and execution of Paid Search, who also has the resources and/or is willing to learn and own other channels too. You will be driven, proactive, analytical and able to think outside the box in the fast-paced and ever evolving digital marketing landscape. At Tide, we are always looking for innovative ideas to maximise efficiency and reach the people who would be truly interested in our product, therefore you will be exposed to a number of opportunities across web and app marketing techniques.<br><br></p>
<h3>As a PPC Executive you’ll be:</h3>
<ul>
<li>Building and optimising PPC campaigns across the UK. As well as being accountable for a wide range of search engines and ad networks (including Display, YouTube, Google App and Apple Ads Campaigns).</li>
<li>Using your expertise in the Google ecosystem &amp; beyond to contribute to detailed &amp; ambitious channel roadmaps that will sustain long-term growth.</li>
<li>Updating and building performance reports on a regular basis, staying on top of performance trends &amp; providing analysis around the core KPIs to identify trends and insights.</li>
<li>Ensuring internal documentation and knowledge bases are regularly updated.</li>
<li>Using a rapid test-and-learn mentality, designing and implementing tests, maintaining best practice.</li>
<li>Conducting keyword, competitor and market research to uncover trends and growth opportunities.</li>
<li>Creating relevant and compelling adverts to maximise campaign performance and ad quality score.</li>
<li>Lead in the planning and design on new PPC landing pages.</li>
<li>Working with our design team to prepare and refresh visual assets.<br><br></li>
</ul>
<h3>WHAT WE ARE LOOKING FOR:&nbsp;</h3>
<ul>
<li>2+ years’ hands-on experience running Paid Search and knowing the cutting edge-developments in that space.</li>
<li>Excellent working knowledge of Google Ads, Microsoft Ads and Google Analytics.</li>
<li>Strong reporting, analysis and data interpretation skills, experience in working with large data sets</li>
<li>Strong understanding of Paid Media and best practices</li>
<li>You have experience across driving traffic to websites, mobile applications, call centres and understand how to maximise returns across all of them.</li>
<li>As well as the ability to work collaboratively in your team, you are a self-starter, who thrives on ownership and accountability, with proven ability of acting on your own initiative to deliver results.</li>
<li>Excel proficient and numbers driven with strong attention to detail</li>
<li>Analytical mindset and meticulous work ethic</li>
<li>Experience in mobile app marketing is a plus<br><br></li>
</ul>
<h3>WHAT YOU’LL GET IN RETURN:&nbsp;</h3>
<ul>
<li>25 days paid annual leave</li>
<li>3 paid days off for volunteering or L&amp;D activities</li>
<li>Personal L&amp;D budget&nbsp;</li>
<li>Mental wellbeing platform</li>
<li>WFH equipment allowance</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<h3>TIDEAN WAYS OF WORKING</h3>
<p>At Tide, we champion a <strong>flexible workplace </strong>model that<strong> </strong>supports both in-person and remote work to cater to the specific needs of our different teams.&nbsp;</p>
<p>While remote work is supported, we believe in the power of face-to-face interactions to foster team spirit and collaboration. Our offices are designed as hubs for innovation and team-building, where we encourage regular in-person gatherings to foster a strong sense of community.</p><div class="content-conclusion"><h3>TIDE IS A PLACE FOR EVERYONE</h3>
<p>At Tide, we believe that we can only succeed if we let our differences enrich our culture. Our Tideans come from a variety of backgrounds and experience levels. We consider everyone irrespective of their ethnicity, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, family or parental status, national origin, veteran, neurodiversity or differently-abled status. We celebrate diversity in our workforce as a cornerstone of our success. Our commitment to a broad spectrum of ideas and backgrounds is what enables us to build products that resonate with our members’ diverse needs and lives.&nbsp;</p>
<p>We are One Team and foster a transparent and inclusive environment, where everyone’s voice is heard.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><em>At Tide, we thrive on diversity, embracing various backgrounds and experiences. We welcome all individuals regardless of ethnicity, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, or disability. Our inclusive culture is key to our success, helping us build products that meet our members' diverse needs. We are One Team, committed to transparency and ensuring everyone’s voice is heard.</em></p>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section">&nbsp;</div>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section"><strong>Disclaimer</strong></div>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section">&nbsp;</div>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section"><em>It has come to our attention that individuals or agencies are falsely claiming to represent Tide and are reaching out to candidates regarding job opportunities. Please be aware that:</em></div>
<ul class="p-rich\_text\_list p-rich\_text\_list\_\_bullet p-rich\_text\_list--nested" data-stringify-type="unordered-list" data-list-tree="true" data-indent="0" data-border="0">
<li style="font-style: italic;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><em>Tide does&nbsp;<strong data-stringify-type="bold">not</strong>&nbsp;charge any fees at any stage of the recruitment process.</em></li>
<li style="font-style: italic;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><em>All official Tide job opportunities are listed exclusively on our&nbsp;<a href="https://www.tide.co/careers/" target="\_blank"><strong data-stringify-type="bold">Careers Page</strong></a>&nbsp;and applications should be submitted through this channel.</em></li>
<li style="font-style: italic;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><em>Communication from Tide will only come from an official&nbsp;<strong data-stringify-type="bold">@tide</strong><strong data-stringify-type="bold">.co</strong>&nbsp;email address.</em></li>
<li style="font-style: italic;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><em>Tide does not work with agencies or recruiters without prior formal engagement, and we do not authorize third parties to make job offers on our behalf.</em></li>
</ul>
<p><em>If you are contacted by anyone misrepresenting Tide or requesting payment, please treat it as fraudulent and report it to us immediately at <a href="mailto:talent@tide.co" target="\_blank">talent@tide.co</a><br>Your safety and trust are important to us, and we are committed to ensuring a fair and transparent recruitment process.</em></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><em><em data-stringify-type="italic">Tide leverages AI to enhance our hiring experience. You can read more about how we use AI in our recruitment process in our <a href="https://assets.ctfassets.net/3h69mkdgxn20/5MFtWSdG8YLKq3jZkK52NY/3f18633073e6cdbd03bba4b9791c64f4/Using\_AI\_throughout\_the\_Hiring\_Process.pdf" target="\_blank">AI Policy</a>.</em></em></p>
<p><em><em data-stringify-type="italic">Your personal data will be processed by Tide for recruitment purposes and in accordance with </em><em data-stringify-type="italic"><a class="c-link" href="https://assets.ctfassets.net/3h69mkdgxn20/4TE0uAE3SXomATDVneocNA/aa31893960b4064dd406ad15d029dcd3/Recruitment\_Privacy\_Notice.pdf" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://assets.ctfassets.net/3h69mkdgxn20/1MYf6q4ZMWugpeaROVETBN/526e9c160a2de03576413c81657c6466/Recruitment\_Privacy\_Notice\_\_Final\_Draft\_\_Sep\_2024\_.pdf" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">Tide's Recruitment Privacy Notice</a></em><em data-stringify-type="italic">.</em></em></p></div>