<p><strong>This is Adyen</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Adyen provides payments, data, and financial products in a single solution for customers like Meta, Uber, H&amp;M, and Microsoft - making us the financial technology platform of choice. At Adyen, everything we do is engineered for ambition.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">For our teams, we create an environment with opportunities for our people to succeed, backed by the culture and support to ensure they are enabled to truly own their careers. We are motivated individuals who tackle unique technical challenges at scale and solve them as a team. Together, we deliver innovative and ethical solutions that help businesses achieve their ambitions faster.</span></p>
<p><strong>Why you should join the Adyen network team</strong></p>
<p>This team is part of our Platform Engineering Solution in Bangalore. The purpose of Platform Engineering is to enable Adyen engineers to autonomously build and support secure, scalable and reliable applications with high speed and quality through a common technology ecosystem.</p>
<p>As a Python developer for the Adyen network team in Bangalore, you will be responsible for designing, creating and maintaining automations and tooling to help secure, scale and deploy the Adyen network across the world. The ideal candidate should have broad experience with developing applications and APIs, Linux experience, and learn on the fly to diagnose problems and be used to dealing with a 24/7 environment. This role involves developing Python projects that abstract away the details of the network implementation for internal customers, ensuring data validity and consistency. This includes strategic design for scalability, hands-on implementation and integration, performance monitoring, security and troubleshooting.</p>
<p>Sounds exciting? Keep reading!</p>
<p><strong>What You’ll Do:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Develop applications and APIs to interface with our network equipment, with the following tech stack;</li>
<ul>
<li>Celery</li>
<li>Django</li>
<li>FastAPI</li>
<li>Temporal</li>
</ul>
<li>API design;</li>
<li>Abstracting both public and private cloud based networking implementations;</li>
<li>Manage network asset management tooling;</li>
<li>Create monitoring solutions using; telemetry data &amp; Prometheus.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Who You Are:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Technology: You must be proficient and have <strong>minimum 5 years of experience</strong> in real world and hands-on experience with the following technologies:&nbsp;<strong>Python app development, API design and Linux experience;</strong></li>
<li>Experience with Django, is a plus;</li>
<li>Experience with (unit) testing and deploying applications;</li>
<li>Experience with Docker and/or Kubernetes;</li>
<li>Experience with provisioning tools like Ansible or Puppet is a plus;</li>
<li style="font-weight: bold;"><strong>Understanding and experience with Linux based systems and their networking stack;</strong></li>
<li>Mentality: You are a team-player who is open to feedback. Able to work in a 24/7 environment, make quick informed decisions and handle pressure;</li>
<li>You are able to communicate in English.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Our Diversity, Equity and Inclusion commitments&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Our unique approach is a product of our diverse perspectives. This diversity of backgrounds and cultures is essential in helping us maintain our momentum. Our business and technical challenges are unique, and we need as many different voices as possible to join us in solving them - voices like yours. No matter who you are or where you’re from, we welcome you to be your true self at Adyen.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Studies show that women and members of underrepresented communities apply for jobs only if they meet 100% of the qualifications. Does this sound like you? If so, Adyen encourages you to reconsider and apply. We look forward to your application!</span></p>
<p><strong>What’s next?</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Ensuring a smooth and enjoyable candidate experience is critical for us. We aim to get back to you regarding your application within 5 business days. Our interview process tends to take about 4 weeks to complete, but may fluctuate depending on the role. </span><a href="https://careers.adyen.com/how-we-hire"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Learn more about our hiring process here</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">. Don’t be afraid to let us know if you need more flexibility.</span></p>
<p>This role is based out of our <a href="https://careers.adyen.com/locations/bengaluru">Bengaluru</a> office. We are an office-first company and value in-person collaboration; we do not offer remote-only roles.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>