<p><strong><span style="text-decoration: underline;">About The Team:</span></strong></p>
<p>The H&amp;S Advisor is responsible for supporting the implementation of the HelloFresh HSMS at our distribution centres. This includes providing advice and support to managers and employees as well as supporting H&amp;S improvements and initiatives to ensure a safe and healthy work environment across all UK operations.</p>
<p><span style="text-decoration: underline;"><strong>What You Will Be Doing:</strong></span></p>
<ul>
<li>Conduct regular safety walks and behavioural conversations with staff, updating the behavioural safety log.</li>
<li>Lead or participate in incident investigations, identifying corrective actions and updating the incident log.</li>
<li>Inspect all business areas monthly, issue reports, and update the CAPA log.</li>
<li>Audit the HelloFresh HSMS and issue improvement recommendations to UK Operations.</li>
<li>Create and deliver H&amp;S training and toolbox talks based on identified risks.</li>
<li>Develop procedures and safe systems of work in collaboration with cross-functional teams.</li>
<li>Promote a strong H&amp;S culture through staff engagement and safety initiatives.</li>
<li>Advise site management on safety systems, processes, investigations, and best practices.</li>
</ul>
<p><span style="text-decoration: underline;"><strong>Who You Are:</strong></span></p>
<ul>
<li>Excellent written and verbal English communication skills</li>
<li>Proficient with Microsoft office (Word/Excel/PowerPoint)</li>
<li>Experience in a warehouse/food manufacturing/logistics environment</li>
<li>Minimum of 3 years Health &amp; Safety experience</li>
<li>NEBOSH General Certificate equivalent (working towards NEBOSH diploma or equivalent)</li>
</ul>
<p><span style="text-decoration: underline;"><strong>What you will get in return:</strong></span></p>
<ul>
<li>70% off HelloFresh or Green Chef boxes</li>
<li>Company pension scheme</li>
<li>Gym membership</li>
<li>Bupa private medical insurance (including dental &amp; family cover options)</li>
<li>Electric vehicle scheme</li>
<li>Mental health first aiders and an employee assistance programme</li>
<li>Dog friendly office! (London site only)</li>
<li>Nursery support scheme</li>
<li>Cycle to work scheme</li>
<li>Group Life Assurance</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Location</strong>: HelloFresh,&nbsp;1, Holme Lane, Spondon, Derby DE21 7HW</p>
<p><strong data-stringify-type="bold">Hours: </strong>Two shift options available - Thursday to Sunday, 9am to 7pm OR Wednesday to Sunday, 8.30am to 4.30pm</p>
<p><strong>Next steps</strong>: Your application will be reviewed and if successful, a member of the Talent Acquisition Team will be in touch within 2 weeks.</p>
<p>You are required to cooperate with HelloFresh in all health and safety matters. You are responsible for ensuring you take reasonable care of your own health, and safety as well as others who may be affected by the work activities you undertake. You must report incidents immediately and actively raise health and safety-related concerns to your Line Manager.&nbsp;As part of our commitment to maintaining a safe and secure environment, we will process Disclosure and Barring Service (<span class="il">DBS</span>) checks to the successful individual. Failure to disclose relevant information at application or throughout the process could affect your employment with the company.&nbsp;</p>
<p>If you are currently a HelloFresh employee, please make sure you have discussed your application with your Line Manager.</p>