<div class="content-intro"><p class="sc-gEkIjz cjtSrT MuiTypography-root MuiTypography-body1 sc-hoLEA">Raisin is the world's leading platform for savings and investment products. Founded in 2012, the&nbsp;<strong>FinTech</strong> connects consumers with banks in the EU, the UK and the US. This gives consumers <strong>better interest rates</strong> and banks a <strong>diversified form of refinancing</strong>. Our vision is to offer savings and investments without barriers and thus open up the global 160 trillion euro market.</p>
<p class="sc-gEkIjz cjtSrT MuiTypography-root MuiTypography-body1 sc-hoLEA">Raisin currently employs more than 800 people from over 75 countries worldwide. Today, the platform holds over 80 billion euros in assets from&nbsp;<strong>more than one million investors</strong> which have accrued over 5 billion euros in returns.</p></div><p><span style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0);"><strong>Team</strong></span></p>
<p>As the architects of Raisin’s bank partnerships, we own the end-to-end relationship with our partner banks, ensuring their growth and seamless integration into our marketplaces. We are a high-visibility team managing a diverse portfolio of key accounts and mission-critical projects. Sitting at the intersection of product, tax, and technology, we serve as the primary communicators of change, directly impacting the savings products available to millions of consumers.</p>
<p>Your team of five is strategically split between Berlin, focused on the German market, and the UK, focused on the British market.</p>
<p><br><strong>Your Responsibilities</strong></p>
<p><strong>Stakeholder Management&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Building, managing and being an escalation contact for relationships with internal key senior stakeholders as well as those of our partner banks on a day-to-day basis.</li>
<li>Leading internal and external meetings with senior stakeholders independently, while ensuring to keep senior Raisin stakeholders informed and involve them where applicable.</li>
<li>Creating opportunities, initiating and closing negotiations with partners with minimal support.</li>
<li>Ensuring reporting on the progress of relationships and projects to pertinent stakeholders in a timely manner and using respective tools.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Team Management</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Leading complex team setups, based in different geographies / remote and ensuring strong team spirit.</li>
<li>Building high performance teams, selfless collaboration, and leveraging the strengths of team members to achieve collective goals.</li>
<li>Proactively handling team capacity and making required changes to enable the team to perform on their day tasks and ensure smooth onboarding of new joiners.</li>
<li>Being a sparring partner for junior as well as senior team members and helping them to resolve complex situations.</li>
<li>Setting up on-site meeting strategy that ensures the team travels to meet partners and the Raisin team in person on a regular basis.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Market &amp; Product Expertise</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Having in-depth understanding of our banks’ requirements, customer needs and ensuring our partner banks succeed on the Raisin platform, working closely across-departments.</li>
<li>Having an in-depth market understanding, running market research and analysis to support the decision-making.</li>
<li>Supporting daily operations.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Your Profile</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><strong>Language Proficiency:</strong> you possess professional fluency in both English and German as mandatory requirements for this role.</li>
<li><strong>Industry Experience:</strong> you demonstrate a 5+ year track record of managing relationships within financial services, banking, or high-growth startup environments.</li>
<li><strong>Leadership Excellence:</strong> you provide a 2+ year proven track record of leading teams and driving collective success.</li>
<li><strong>Professional Role Model:</strong> you embody a positive work attitude and serve as a standard-bearer for the team's professional conduct.</li>
<li><strong>Continuous Learning Mindset:</strong> you demonstrate a willingness to learn and apply new knowledge, plus train and develop team members.</li>
<li><strong>Strategic Organization:</strong> you define clear strategies, plan capacity, set priorities, and manage projects in alignment with overall business needs.</li>
<li><strong>Operational Engagement:</strong> you maintain a hands-on approach to daily business operations alongside your primary leadership responsibilities.</li>
<li><strong>Communication &amp; Negotiation:</strong> you utilize clear, effective communication and advanced negotiation skills to manage complex stakeholder relationships.</li>
<li><strong>Technical Proficiency:</strong> you work comfortably with CRM tools, G-Suite, and MS Office, with a "nice-to-have" familiarity with AI and Data tools.</li>
<li><strong>Resource Management:</strong> you prioritize tasks effectively and manage time and resources efficiently by proactively delegating when necessary.</li>
<li><strong>Strategic Contribution:</strong> you provide consistent input on business strategy and suggest proactive solutions that extend beyond your immediate scope.</li>
<li><strong>Interpersonal Navigation:</strong> you demonstrate proven interpersonal skills and the ability to manage stakeholders at all levels, both internally and externally.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Join our mission, join our team – and grow with us!</strong></p>
<p>At Raisin, we care about each other and it is one of our top priorities to foster an open and caring environment in which everyone feels welcome and comfortable. Our culture is strongly driven by our ambitious team, which connects more than 75 different nationalities.</p>
<p>As part of our team, you will benefit from:</p>
<ul>
<li>Employee Development Budget of €2,000 and four full training days per year.</li>
<li>Flexible working hours, home office and 30 vacation days.</li>
<li>A company pension scheme (Betriebliche Altersvorsorge), which we support with 20%.</li>
<li>Enjoy more than 50+ different sports with Urban Sports Club: We subsidize your membership with more than €20 per month.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Do you miss being in the office? The Deutschland Ticket gets you there, which we subsidize with €25 per month.</li>
<li>Love cycling? With JobRad, lease the bike of your choice and enjoy tax savings, plus Raisin covers your monthly insurance costs.</li>
<li>Hungry all the time? Snacks, daily fresh fruit as well as drinks provided at the office.</li>
<li>You are moving from another country or city to join us? We may support your relocation.</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><p><a href="https://www.raisin.com/corporate/raisin-applicant-privacy-policy/"><em>Raisin Applicant Privacy Policy</em></a></p>
<p data-start="728" data-end="900">We value diversity and the unique experiences each individual brings. If you’re excited about this role but don’t meet every requirement, we still encourage you to apply.</p>
<p data-start="907" data-end="1013">We are an equal opportunity employer and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for everyone, regardless of race, colour, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, or gender identity.</p></div>