<div class="content-intro"><div>Attentive® is the AI marketing platform for 1:1 personalization redefining the way brands and people connect. We’re the only marketing platform that combines powerful technology with human expertise to build authentic customer relationships. By unifying SMS, RCS, email, and push notifications, our AI-powered personalization engine delivers bespoke experiences that drive performance, revenue, and loyalty through real-time behavioral insights.</div>
<div>&nbsp;</div>
<div>Recognized as the&nbsp;#1&nbsp;provider in SMS Marketing by G2, Attentive partners with more than 8,000 customers across 70+ industries. Leading global brands like Crate and Barrel, Urban Outfitters, and Carter’s work with us to enable billions of interactions that power tens of billions in revenue for our customers.</div>
<div>&nbsp;</div>
<div>With a distributed global workforce and employee hubs in New York City, San Francisco, London, and Sydney, Attentive’s team has been consistently recognized for its performance and culture. We’re proud to be included in&nbsp;<a href="https://www.deloitte.com/content/dam/assets-zone3/us/en/docs/services/deloitte-private/2025/us-2024-technology-fast-500-rankings.pdf">Deloitte’s Fast 500</a>&nbsp;(four years running!),&nbsp;<a href="https://www.attentive.com/blog/attentive-ranked-8-on-linkedins-2020-top-startups-list-in-the-united-states">LinkedIn’s Top Startups</a>,&nbsp;<a href="https://www.forbes.com/lists/cloud100/">Forbes’ Cloud 100</a> (five years running!),&nbsp;<a href="https://www.inc.com/best-workplaces/2025">Inc.’s Best Workplaces</a>, and the&nbsp;<a href="https://www.hrc.org/resources/corporate-equality-index" target="\_blank">Human Rights Campaign Foundation's Corporate Equality Index</a>!</div></div><p><strong>About the Role<br></strong>As an Enterprise Account Executive, you will identify, engage, and close new business with the world’s leading brands. We are looking for highly motivated individuals with experience selling multi-product solutions to retail and e-commerce brands. This role can be based remotely or in one of our offices, and involves participation in industry events and customer-related travel as needed.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>What You’ll Accomplish</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Develop and execute comprehensive sales strategies targeting enterprise-level new logos</li>
<li>Work as a team with inside sales representatives to schedule and prepare for new business meetings</li>
<li>Attend and drive new business through industry events and conferences</li>
<li>Identify business challenges through discovery sessions and build relationships with stakeholders at the C-suite, VP, and Director level</li>
<li>Leverage consultative sales skills to create compelling narratives and explain complex processes, ideas or events</li>
<li>Own the sales cycle from beginning to end, and leverage CRM to ensure delivery against key metrics</li>
<li>Work with cross-functional partners to guide market positioning and provide feedback on product requirements</li>
<li>Design and execute innovative strategies to meet and exceed revenue goals</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Your Expertise&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>5+ years experience selling into enterprise brands</li>
<li>Experience working in a B2B MarTech SaaS company required</li>
<li>Experience selling to retail/ ecommerce brands</li>
<li>Proven success selling complex, multi-product solutions</li>
<li>Familiarity with MEDDPICC</li>
<li>Excellent communication and customer-facing skills</li>
<li>Consistency in exceeding sales targets and key performance indicators</li>
<li>Driven and persistent, ensuring delivery of great results</li>
</ul>
<p><span style="color: rgb(255, 255, 255);">#LI-JH1</span></p>
<p><strong>By applying for this position, your data will be processed as per Attentive's&nbsp;<a href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1GYhzQpK1KAi42V1u-Tn3VfsdYFdnZJlo/view?usp=sharing" target="\_blank">Privacy Policy</a>.&nbsp;</strong></p><div class="content-conclusion"><div><strong>Attentive Company Values</strong></div>
<div><strong>Default to Action</strong> - Move swiftly and with purpose</div>
<div><strong>Be One Unstoppable Team</strong> - Rally as each other’s champions</div>
<div><strong>Champion the Customer </strong>- Our success is defined by our customers' success</div>
<div><strong>Act Like an Owner</strong>&nbsp;- Take responsibility for Attentive’s success</div>
<div>&nbsp;</div>
<div>Learn more about <a class="postings-link" href="https://www.attentive.com/awake">AWAKE</a>, Attentive’s collective of employee resource groups.</div>
<div>&nbsp;</div>
<div>If you do not meet all the requirements listed here, we still encourage you to apply! No job description is perfect, and we may also have another opportunity that closely matches your skills and experience.</div>
<div>&nbsp;</div>
<div>At Attentive, we know that our Company's strength lies in the diversity of our employees. Attentive is an Equal Opportunity Employer and we welcome applicants from all backgrounds. Our policy is to provide equal employment opportunities for all employees, applicants and covered individuals regardless of protected characteristics. We prioritize and maintain a fair, inclusive and equitable workplace free from discrimination, harassment, and retaliation. Attentive is also committed to providing reasonable accommodations for candidates with disabilities. If you need any assistance or reasonable accommodations, please let your recruiter know.&nbsp;</div></div>