<div class="content-intro"><h4><strong>Join Axon and be a Force for Good.</strong></h4>
<p>At Axon, we’re on a mission to Protect Life. We’re explorers, pursuing society’s most critical safety and justice issues with our ecosystem of devices and cloud software. Like our products, we work better together. We connect with candor and care, seeking out diverse perspectives from our customers, communities and each other.<br><br>Life at Axon is fast-paced, challenging and meaningful. Here, you’ll take ownership and drive real change. Constantly grow as you work hard for a mission that matters at a company where you matter.</p></div><h2><strong>Your Impact </strong></h2>
<p>As an Account Executive for Air products (drones and counter-drone solutions), you will partner closely with the Key Account Leader to drive complex, high-impact engagements with law enforcement agencies, helping them deploy drone, counter-drone, and Drone as First Responder (DFR) solutions. You’ll serve as a strategic advisor to senior public safety leaders while managing critical partner relationships—including Axon’s Skydio partnership—to deliver integrated, real-time operational outcomes. This role offers significant autonomy and cross-functional influence as you help scale one of Axon’s most strategic public safety initiatives.<br><br></p>
<h2><strong>What You’ll Do</strong></h2>
<p><strong>Location: </strong>Remote in territory, must live within 1 hour of a major airport<br><strong>Territory: </strong>Southeast - Tennessee, Mississippi, Alabama, Florida<br><strong>Travel: </strong>60% minimum <br><strong>Reports to: </strong>Sales Director</p>
<ul>
<li>You develop a deep technical understanding of Axon’s Air products and technology offerings in order to sell into domestic law enforcement agencies throughout your territory</li>
<li>You will partner with the broader Axon sales team as a functional expert on the Air program, to sell Air as a specific offering</li>
<li>You leverage Google alerts, RFP requests, and other sources to generate leads and pursue opportunities</li>
<li>You are customer centric - you know the customer's business and workflows, can develop a proper contact network within assigned accounts, and establish relationships to drive overall customer happiness</li>
<li>You develop and execute account strategy by collaborating with the team to deliver stronger and more impactful value propositions</li>
<li>You will make forecast predictions, update management of accounts in a timely fashion, collect intelligence on competitor activity, and give feedback to marketing for continual improvement</li>
<li>You track customer activity in Salesforce and other internal systems to execute on account strategy and identify additional opportunities</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<h2><strong>What You Bring</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Bachelor’s Degree or equivalent applicable experience</li>
<li>5+ years in a Saas Account Executive role</li>
<li>Salesforce or equivalent CRM experience</li>
<li>Highly proficient computer skills including MS Word, PowerPoint, Excel and Outlook</li>
<li>Prominent organization and presentation skills</li>
<li>Willing to travel 60% or more within your territory (3-4 days a week, including overnights)</li>
<li>Strong understanding of drones, cloud and virtualization technology</li>
<li>Able to strategically approach and win accounts as well as continue to grow or expand existing accounts</li>
<li>Standout colleague that helps support teammates to reach success</li>
<li>You focus on a Solutions / Consultative sales process to ensure the right fit and long term success with your customers</li>
<li>End to end sales process experience - especially strong in prospecting, discovery, objection handling, and closing accounts</li>
<li>Ready to own &amp; build a multi-state territory to success</li>
<li>Ability to work in an entrepreneurial fashion within a new initiative for the company</li>
<li>Startup experience &amp; some vertical experience is a plus</li>
<li>You want to make a difference in society and grow within the organization</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<h2><strong>Benefits that Benefit You</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Competitive salary and 401k with employer match</li>
<li>Discretionary paid time off</li>
<li>Paid parental leave for all</li>
<li>Medical, Dental, Vision plans</li>
<li>Fitness Programs</li>
<li>Emotional &amp; Mental Wellness support</li>
<li>Learning &amp; Development programs</li>
<li>Employee Resource Groups (ERGs)</li>
<li>And yes, we have snacks in our offices</li>
</ul>
<p><em>Benefits listed herein may vary depending on the nature of your employment and the location where you work</em><strong><br></strong></p><div class="content-conclusion"><p>Don’t meet every single requirement? That's ok. At Axon, we Aim Far. We think big with a long-term view because we want to reinvent the world to be a safer, better place. We are also committed to building diverse teams that reflect the communities we serve.</p>
<p>Studies have shown that women and people of color are less likely to apply to jobs unless they check every box in the job description. If you’re excited about this role and our mission to Protect Life but your experience doesn’t align perfectly with every qualification listed here, we encourage you to apply anyways. You may be just the right candidate for this or other roles.</p>
<p><strong>Important Notes</strong></p>
<p><em>The above job description is not intended as, nor should it be construed as, exhaustive of all duties, responsibilities, skills, efforts, or working conditions associated with this job. The job description may change or be supplemented at any time in accordance with business needs and conditions.</em></p>
<p><em>Some roles may also require legal eligibility to work in a firearms environment.</em></p>
<p><em>We collect personal information from applicants to evaluate candidates for employment. You may request access, deletion, or exercise other CCPA rights at&nbsp;<strong data-stringify-type="bold"><a class="c-link c-link--underline" href="mailto:axongreenhousesupport@axon.com" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="mailto:axongreenhousesupport@axon.com" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">axongreenhousesupport@axon.com</a></strong>&nbsp;or via our&nbsp;<a class="c-link c-link--underline" href="https://privacyportal.onetrust.com/webform/0efc1702-9321-4119-bc9d-a06c3a1d3e4e/ca57cc26-a159-4193-9f6e-58ffe3fd2509" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://privacyportal.onetrust.com/webform/0efc1702-9321-4119-bc9d-a06c3a1d3e4e/ca57cc26-a159-4193-9f6e-58ffe3fd2509" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">Axon Privacy Web Form</a>. For more information, please see the Your California Privacy Rights section of our&nbsp;<a class="c-link c-link--underline" href="https://www.axon.com/candidateprivacypolicy" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://www.axon.com/candidateprivacypolicy" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">Applicant and Candidate Privacy Notice.</a></em></p>
<p><em>Axon’s mission is to Protect Life and is committed to the well-being and safety of its employees as well as Axon’s impact on the environment. All Axon employees must be aware of and committed to the appropriate environmental, health, and safety regulations, policies, and procedures. Axon employees are empowered to report safety concerns as they arise and activities potentially impacting the environment.</em></p>
<p><em>We are an equal opportunity employer that promotes justice, advances equity, values diversity and fosters inclusion. We’re committed to hiring the best talent — regardless of race, creed, color, ancestry, religion, sex (including pregnancy), national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship status, marital status, disability, gender identity, genetic information, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances — and empowering all of our employees so they can do their best work. If you have a disability or special need that requires assistance or accommodation during the application or the recruiting process, please email <a href="mailto:recruitingops@axon.com">recruitingops@axon.com. </a>&nbsp;Please note that this email address is for accommodation purposes only. Axon will not respond to inquiries for other purposes.</em></p>
<p>Phishing alert:&nbsp; Axon will never ask you to pay for any part of the hiring process, including training, equipment, or background checks. We do not make job offers via text message, WhatsApp, or instant messaging platforms without a formal interview process.&nbsp; All legitimate job openings are listed on our official careers page at <a href="https://www.axon.com/careers">https://www.axon.com/careers</a>. &nbsp;If you receive a suspicious offer or outreach from an email address that is not <strong>@axon.com</strong>, or if you are asked for sensitive personal information (bank details, Social Security Number) prematurely, please ignore the message and report it to <a href="mailto:recruitingops@axon.com">recruitingops@axon.com</a>.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p></div>