<div class="content-intro"><h2><span data-sheets-root="1">About Wolt</span></h2>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">At Wolt, we create technology that brings joy, simplicity and earnings to the neighborhoods of the world. In 2014 we started with delivery of restaurant food. Now we’re building the delivery of (almost) everything and you’ll find us in over 500 cities in 30 countries around the world. In 2022 we joined forces with DoorDash and together we keep on dreaming big and expanding across the globe.<br><br>Working at Wolt isn’t always easy, but it’s definitely exciting. Here you’ll learn more, build more, and ship more than in most other companies. You’ll be challenged a lot, but also have a lot of fun on the way. So, if you’re a self-starter with drive and entrepreneurial spirit, this could be the ride of your life.</span></p></div><p>Wolt has become a leading local commerce platform in the Nordic countries, positively impacting the lives of local merchants, customers, and courier partners every day. To live up to Wolt’s ambition of being a proactive, constructive, and approachable stakeholder at all levels, we are looking for an exceptional policy professional to contribute to Wolt’s policy engagement strategy in the Nordic countries. This role will focus on creating a favorable policy environment for our operations in Denmark, Norway, and Iceland. The role is based in Copenhagen or Oslo and will report to the Head of Public Policy, Northern Europe &amp; EU.&nbsp;</p>
<h2>What You’ll Be Doing</h2>
<ul>
<li>Develop and implement Wolt’s policy engagement strategy to build strong relationships with societal stakeholders, including policymakers on the national and local levels, authorities, labor market organizations, industry representatives, and relevant civil organizations to ensure Wolt’s interests are represented in relevant legislative, regulatory, and societal processes.</li>
<li>Represent Wolt in interactions with the mentioned stakeholders.</li>
<li>Your main geographic focus area will be Denmark, Norway, and Iceland.</li>
<li>Work together closely with our communications and operations teams to give policy input on various topics.</li>
<li>Prepare briefing materials and advise Wolt’s leadership on policy matters in your countries, ensuring the business is well-prepared for discussions with stakeholders.</li>
<li>Participate in the work of the global policy team of one of the leading European tech companies.</li>
<li>Coordinate the support from external agencies.</li>
</ul>
<h2>Qualifications</h2>
<ul>
<li>At least 7 years of proven experience in public policy, government affairs, or a related field.</li>
<li>Master's degree in social sciences/law/economics or similar</li>
<li>Solid experience in leading engagements in policy processes&nbsp;</li>
<li>Ability to represent the company at the highest levels of decision-making</li>
<li>Brilliant mind with the ability to think strategically and develop creative and constructive policy proposals</li>
<li>Analytical mindset to effectively weigh risks and payoffs in several scenarios</li>
<li>Excellent communication and relationship-building skills.</li>
<li>Ability to work collaboratively with cross-functional teams.</li>
<li>Self-starter with a strong sense of ownership and a doer mentality.</li>
<li>Fluent in Danish or Norwegian and English; proficiency in at least one additional Scandinavian language is a strong advantage.</li>
<li>Willingness to travel frequently</li>
</ul>
<p><iframe src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/GoL541\_xj9w" width="560" height="314"></iframe></p><div class="content-conclusion"><h2><span data-sheets-root="1">Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion</span></h2>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">We’re committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. That’s why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.</span></p></div>