<p>Atlas Growth is a cloud engineering group whose mission is to guide customers through their app development journey—from cluster configuration, data modeling and load testing, to running a production workload at scale. We use an in-house experiments platform which helps us validate our features quickly, releasing only the work that positively impacts our customers. Our engineers participate in cross-functional “squads” with product, design, analytics, and research focusing on a single metric (e.g. retention). Our engineering team is part of a larger Atlas Core Engineering org, building foundational elements of MongoDB’s developer data platform.</p>
<p>Atlas Growth 2 builds customer-facing features in Atlas and sits alongside other Growth engineering teams. Recent projects include an AI Chatbot for cluster creation, a recommendation system that offers tips for better database performance, and a pricing page designed to optimize conversion rates.</p>
<p>This role can be based out of our Dublin office or remotely in Ireland.</p>
<h3>Role Overview</h3>
<p>Atlas Growth seeks a mid-level software engineer (Software Engineer 3). SE3s are solid contributors to projects they work on and often lead projects of their own. They act in accordance with MongoDB’s core values and leadership principles, and are actively working toward a Senior role.</p>
<h3>Candidate Profile</h3>
<ul>
<li>3+ years of software engineering experience</li>
<li>Fluency in TypeScript and JavaScript</li>
<li>Proficiency in Java, Go, C++/C, or a similar compiled language</li>
<li>Experience writing database queries, either document-based or relational</li>
<li>Experience writing and reviewing technical specs, and leading small projects</li>
<li>Interest in A/B testing or product design</li>
</ul>
<h3>Expectations</h3>
<ul>
<li>Contribute readable and well-tested code to ongoing projects</li>
<li>Write scope and technical spec docs for new projects assigned by your manager. Lead small working groups of two or three engineers for these projects</li>
<li>Participate actively and constructively in code and document reviews</li>
<li>Help product management identify improvements for features you own and drive them to completion</li>
<li>Triage incoming support requests and alerts for products you own, and participate in group-wide on-call rotation once onboarded</li>
</ul>
<h3>About MongoDB</h3>
<p>MongoDB is built for change, empowering our customers and our people to innovate at the speed of the market. We have redefined the database for the AI era, enabling innovators to create, transform, and disrupt industries with software. MongoDB’s unified database platform, the most widely available, globally distributed database on the market, helps organizations modernize legacy workloads, embrace innovation, and unleash AI. Our cloud-native platform, MongoDB Atlas, is the only globally distributed, multi-cloud database and is available across AWS, Google Cloud, and Microsoft Azure.</p>
<p>With offices worldwide and over 60,000 customers, including 75% of the Fortune 100 and AI-native startups, relying on MongoDB for their most important applications, we’re powering the next era of software.</p>
<p>Our compass at MongoDB is our <a href="https://www.mongodb.com/company">Leadership Commitment,</a> guiding how and why we make decisions, show up for each other, and win. It’s what makes us MongoDB.&nbsp;</p>
<p>To drive the personal growth and business impact of our employees, we’re committed to developing a supportive and enriching culture for everyone. <a href="https://www.mongodb.com/company/blog/culture/employee-benefits-that-make-a-difference-at-mongodb">From employee affinity groups, to fertility assistance and a generous parental leave policy</a>, we value our employees’ wellbeing and want to support them along every step of their professional and personal journeys.<a href="https://www.mongodb.com/blog/channel/culture"> Learn more about what it’s like to work at MongoDB</a>, and help us make an impact on the world!</p>
<p>MongoDB is committed to providing any necessary accommodations for individuals with disabilities within our application and interview process. To request an accommodation due to a disability, please inform your recruiter.</p>
<p>MongoDB is an equal opportunities employer.</p>
<p><em>Req ID: 4263301932</em></p>