<h2>Snapshot</h2>
<p>Our Talent Acquisition team is responsible for attracting, recruiting and onboarding exceptional talent to accelerate Google DeepMind’s mission. Within this team sits our TA Operations team, responsible for owning and designing the end-to-end journey of Google DeepMind candidates globally, from application through to onboarding and orientation, aiming to deliver a seamless, high-touch lifecycle that reflects our culture.</p>
<h2>About Us&nbsp;</h2>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Artificial Intelligence could be one of humanity’s most useful inventions. At Google DeepMind, we’re a team of scientists, engineers, machine learning experts and more, working together to advance the state of the art in artificial intelligence. We use our technologies for widespread public benefit and scientific discovery, and collaborate with others on critical challenges, ensuring safety and ethics are the highest priority.</span></p>
<h2>The Role</h2>
<p>This role will sit within the TA Operations team, and will partner with our Recruiters to provide interview coordination support and a white-glove experience exclusively to our senior and executive global talent pools. Beyond this, the role will execute projects focused on elevating both the hiring and onboarding experience, and drive process enhancements to ensure a unified approach across Google DeepMind.</p>
<p>This twelve month contract role will be based in London, and will report into our Talent Experience &amp; Operations Lead.</p>
<p>You will collaborate closely with four other Talent Operations Associates and our two Onboarding &amp; Orientation Leads, based across London and Mountain View.</p>
<h3>Key responsibilities:</h3>
<ul>
<li><strong>Senior &amp; Executive Interview Coordination:</strong> Proactively manage high priority, senior and executive interview scheduling.&nbsp; Efficiently manage a high volume of video and in-person interviews across multiple time zones, skillfully handling reschedules with speed and accuracy.&nbsp;</li>
<li><strong>Candidate Experience:</strong> Foster exceptional candidate experiences through direct candidate communication, and by driving projects and process improvements focused on candidate experience.&nbsp;</li>
<li><strong>Working with Vendors: </strong>Provide support, training and management of our vendor scheduling coordination team.</li>
<li><strong>Onboarding:</strong> Support our Onboarding program by&nbsp; leading in-person events for new hires in our Mountain and London offices, creating opportunities for connection and learning.&nbsp; Help oversee onboarding operational support workflows, vendor management, and white-glove support for special populations (leaders and M&amp;A).</li>
<li><strong>Process Management: </strong>Champion our end-to-end TA workflows and processes, providing guidance and support to Recruiters where needed.</li>
<li><strong>Continuous Improvement:</strong> Proactively anticipates challenges within hiring processes and uses initiative to recommend solutions, and&nbsp; identify opportunities to enhance processes and candidate experience, contributing to broader Talent Acquisition projects.</li>
<li><strong>Stakeholder Management: </strong>Partner with recruiters, and hiring managers, serving as a trusted point of contact and effectively managing expectations. Collaborate with our Onboarding &amp; Orientation team to ensure a smooth transition for new hires.&nbsp;</li>
<li><strong>ATS Management:</strong> Demonstrate proactive and exceptional ATS management, alongside competent reporting skills to draw data relevant to efficient hiring processes and positive candidate experience.&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<h2>About You</h2>
<p>In order to set you up for success as a Talent Operations Associate at Google DeepMind, we look for the following skills and experience:</p>
<ul>
<li>You possess proven administrative skills, particularly in managing complex scheduling and handling large datasets.</li>
<li>You're energized by a dynamic workplace, juggling multiple tasks with ease while maintaining high-quality outcomes.</li>
<li>You thrive in evolving environments and embrace ambiguity: you are&nbsp; able to collaborate in an agile way, readily adapting to new ways of working in response to business needs.&nbsp;</li>
<li>You're a proactive problem solver who communicates effectively, and welcomes opportunities to implement innovative solutions.</li>
<li>You enjoy being part of a team and are able to build strong relationships with others. You put people at ease and create understanding, including candidates.</li>
<li>You possess a keen eye for detail, ensuring accuracy and efficiency in all your work.</li>
<li>You demonstrate a growth mindset and readily seek out opportunities to develop new skills.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">At Google DeepMind, we value diversity of experience, knowledge, backgrounds and perspectives and harness these qualities to create extraordinary impact. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of sex, race, religion or belief, ethnic or national origin, disability, age, citizenship, marital, domestic or civil partnership status, sexual orientation, gender identity, pregnancy, or related condition (including breastfeeding) or any other basis as protected by applicable law. If you have a disability or additional need that requires accommodation, please do not hesitate to let us know.</span></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>Note: In the event your application is successful and an offer of employment is made to you, any offer of employment will be conditional on the results of a background check, performed by a third party acting on our behalf. For more information on how we handle your data, please see our<a href="https://www.google.com/about/careers/applications/privacy-policy/?e=72477625"> Applicant and Candidate Privacy Policy</a>.</p>
<h4>&nbsp;</h4>