<h2>Who we are</h2>
<h3>About Stripe</h3>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies—from the world’s largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyone’s reach while doing the most important work of your career.</span></p>
<h3>About the team</h3>
<p>Stripe Capital provides access to fast, flexible financing to businesses, with the mission of helping them accelerate their growth. Businesses use the funds for marketing, hiring, geographic expansion, working capital, new equipment purchases, and much more. Capital has scaled meaningfully over the last few years, both in terms of user impact (over 81,000 businesses received financing through Stripe Capital in 2025 alone!) as well as financial impact as a business line within Stripe. Over 95% of our users say they love using Capital, making us one of Stripe’s most popular products – and we’re just getting started!</p>
<h2>What you’ll do</h2>
<p>The Capital PM team is responsible for three things – deeply understanding our users’ needs, creating a lending and financing roadmap for the products we want to build, and leading a cross-functional team (across engineering, design, marketing, finance, and more) to get things done.<br>In this role, you will be responsible for Capital’s International business, product suite, and roadmap. Capital is rapidly expanding across numerous countries and we’ve seen exciting momentum and stellar year-over-year growth. We are looking for a Product Manager who can own our international efforts end-to-end, setting the core vision / strategy as well as growing the existing business. This leader will effectively function as the “mini-GM” of the Capital International business, leading a cross-functional team across engineering, design, sales, marketing, and more to build a best-in-class lending platform. Success in this role means operating and building financing products that serve our users’ needs and growing our reach across more countries and users.</p>
<h3>Responsibilities</h3>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Deeply understand the financing needs of users on Stripe, from end borrowers to platforms. Be the voice of the user and the subject matter expert on how Capital can help users with their business objectives.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;">Be the face of Capital with major international partners and customers.</li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;">Define Stripe’s product strategy and roadmap for scaling lending solutions globally.</li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;">Partner cross-functionally to design, build, and launch user-facing product experiences.</li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;">Drive the adoption and impact of financing across both direct businesses and platforms.</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Who you are</strong></h2>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’re looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.</span></p>
<h3>Minimum requirements</h3>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: 400;">5+ years of experience in product management within technical domains.</li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;">Passion for building technology that promotes economic opportunity.</li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;">Ability to speak the language of many different stakeholders – move effortlessly from engineering scoping to UX design reviews to helping outline legal and compliance requirements.</li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;">Experience aligning a broad set of stakeholders via strong written and verbal communication skills.</li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;">Ability to thrive with significant autonomy and responsibility.</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>Preferred qualifications</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><span style="font-weight: 400;">&nbsp;Experience launching and scaling fintech products.</span></li>
</ul>