<div class="content-intro"><p><strong>Secure Every Identity, from AI to Human<br><br></strong>Identity is the key to unlocking the potential of AI. Okta secures AI by building the trusted, neutral infrastructure that enables organizations to safely embrace this new era. This work requires a relentless drive to solve complex challenges with real-world stakes. We are looking for builders and owners who operate with speed and urgency and execute with excellence.<br><br>This is an opportunity to do career-defining work. We're all in on this mission. If you are too, let's talk.</p></div><div class="p-rich\_text\_section">
<p><br>Okta is seeking a Senior Manager, Talent Acquisition to lead our Go-To-Market (GTM) recruiting strategy across the Asia-Pacific and Japan (APJ) region. <br><br>Reporting to the Senior Director, Global GTM Talent Acquisition, this role will lead and scale a high-performing recruiting team responsible for hiring across all revenue-generating functions. The Senior Manager will oversee talent acquisition for key areas including Sales, Customer First, Partners, Presales, and broader GTM support functions. <br><br>Working in close partnership with the APJ General Manager and regional leadership team, this individual will play a critical role in shaping the region’s growth trajectory—bringing in top-tier talent while building a scalable, high-impact recruiting engine. <br><br>This is a unique opportunity for a strategic and hands-on TA leader to build on an already strong foundation, elevate hiring practices, and drive the next phase of growth as Okta continues to scale across APJ.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Role</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Lead and develop a team of recruiters based in Australia and Japan</li>
<li>Partner closely with the APJ Leadership team, ensuring their vision for the region is reflected in their recruiting best practices and hiring&nbsp;</li>
<li>Cultivate a strong partnership with the ecosystem across Sales Strategy, Operations, Finance and HR, delivering proactive and consistent communication and partnership to achieve hiring goals</li>
<li>Actively use data to drive strategy, communicate progress to business leaders, and proactively identify risks</li>
<li>Share best practices gained and hold a high level of curiosity in using AI to increase productivity and timing against hiring practices</li>
<li>Stay current on and communicate relevant market intelligence on the competitive landscape for talent across the region</li>
<li>Support alignment against the global GTM strategy, forecasting and hiring goals</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Results</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Proven experience in GTM recruiting, with 5+ years experience managing a team of recruiters&nbsp;</li>
<li>High EQ with a strong focus on stakeholder partnership, with the ability to influence and advise on best practices and hiring guidance</li>
<li>Operational rigor and data fluency, with the ability to use data &amp; analytics to forecast, manage performance, and influence their stakeholder ecosystem</li>
<li>Experience leaning into the global ecosystem in support of the overarching GTM strategies of the CRO</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Relationships</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Ability to cultivate strong, active partnerships, both in support of the sales ecosystem as well as cross functionally across the People organization</li>
<li>Collaborate and actively partner with the global Talent Acquisition peers and leadership team to ensure alignment and consistency</li>
</ul>
<p>#LI-MT1<br>#LI-Hybrid</p>
</div><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong><br>The Okta Experience</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><a href="http://rewards.okta.com">Supporting Your Well-Being</a>&nbsp;</li>
<li><a href="https://www.okta.com/company/okta-for-good/">Driving Social Impact&nbsp;</a></li>
<li><a href="https://www.okta.com/company/talent-connection-community/">Developing Talent and Fostering Connection + Community</a></li>
</ul>
<p>We are intentional about connection. Our global community, spanning over 20 offices worldwide, is united by a drive to innovate. Your journey begins with an immersive, in-person onboarding experience designed to accelerate your impact and connect you to our mission and team from day one.<br><br>Okta is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, marital status, age, physical or mental disability, or status as a protected veteran. We also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and convictions records, consistent with applicable laws.<br><br>If reasonable accommodation is needed to complete any part of the job application, interview process, or onboarding please&nbsp;<a href="https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1EfiEYZrIyhA2X4Fijk0R3RKYOzNoS3wtvyM4nhbZnXE/edit">use this Form</a> to request an accommodation.<br><br>Notice for New York City Applicants &amp; Employees: Okta may use Automated Employment Decision Tools (AEDT), as defined by New York City Local Law 144, that use artificial intelligence, machine learning, or other automated processes to assist in our recruitment and hiring process. In accordance with NYC Local Law 144, if you are an applicant or employee residing in New York City, please&nbsp;<a href="https://talent.okta.com/new-york-city-aedt-notice.html">click here</a> to view our full NYC AEDT Notice.<br><br>Okta is committed to complying with applicable data privacy and security laws and regulations. For more information, please see our Personnel and Job Candidate Privacy Notice at&nbsp;<a href="https://www.okta.com/legal/personnel-policy/">https://www.okta.com/legal/personnel-policy/</a>.</p></div>