<div class="content-intro"><h2><strong>Who Are We?</strong></h2>
<p>Postman is the world’s leading API platform, used by more than 45 million+ developers and 500,000 organizations, including 98% of the Fortune 500. Postman is helping developers and professionals across the globe build the API-first world by simplifying each step of the API lifecycle and streamlining collaboration—enabling users to create better APIs, faster.</p>
<p>The company is headquartered in San Francisco and has offices in Boston, New York, Austin, Tokyo, London, and Bangalore - where Postman was founded. Postman is privately held, with funding from Battery Ventures, BOND, Coatue, CRV, Insight Partners, and Nexus Venture Partners. Learn more at postman.com or connect with Postman on X via @getpostman.</p>
<p>P.S: We highly recommend reading <a href="https://api-first-world.com/">The "API-First World" graphic novel</a> to understand the bigger picture and our vision at Postman.</p></div><h2><strong>The Opportunity</strong></h2>
<p>Our customer base is growing faster than ever! We’re looking for experienced Enterprise Customer Success Managers to help us scale our UK business.</p>
<p>As a Customer Success Manager at Postman, you will be the driving force behind post-sale strategy and engagement across a portfolio of named Enterprise accounts. You’ll partner with your customers to co-create Joint Success Plans that outline key objectives, milestones, and success criteria. In partnership with our Solutions Architecture and Customer Education teams, you’ll curate and deliver a series of high-touch and one: Many enablement programs to help them solve critical problems, fast. Periodically, you’ll engage key stakeholders to analyze the value they’re getting from our platform and to identify new opportunities.</p>
<p>This role is perfect for a tech-savvy professional with a passion for Customer Success. Ideal candidates are strategic thinkers with proven track records of nurturing customer relationships, driving rapid adoption, expanding use cases, and delivering spectacular customer outcomes.</p>
<h2><strong>What You'll Do</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li><strong>Strategic Account Planning: </strong>Collaborate with customers to outline and execute Joint Success Plans; complete with clear objectives, milestones, owners, and success criteria. Partner with our Customer Education and Solution Architecture teams to deliver impactful workshops, consultations, and training sessions that help customers accelerate Time-to-Value.</li>
<li><strong>Proactive Portfolio Management: </strong>Regularly review customer data to identify emerging opportunities and risks. Engage with customers through regular check-ins, encouraging continuous engagement and utilization of the platform to its fullest potential.</li>
<li><strong>Impact Reviews &amp; Best Practice Consultation: </strong>Capture success metrics and engage key decision-makers to communicate the value their organization is deriving from our platform. Develop and maintain product expertise, including best practices &amp; overall industry trends. Help our customers identify and pursue new use cases to drive lasting success.</li>
<li><strong>Cross-Functional Collaboration:</strong> Collaborate with our Sales organization to expand use cases &amp; uncover opportunities. Work with our Renewals team to ensure on-time contract renewals for annual customers. Equip our Product team with insights so they can reduce customer friction. Ensure our CRM is detailed and accurate.</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>About You</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li><strong>Experienced Professional:</strong> 8+ years of experience in Customer Success managing large enterprise customers, preferably for companies in the development tooling space. Track record of meeting and exceeding targets.</li>
<li><strong>Consulting Acumen: </strong>Strong consulting skills.<strong> </strong>Demonstrated capability to develop thoughtful account plans that align with both customer objectives and company goals. Proficient in engaging senior stakeholders to influence requirements, use cases, and strategy.</li>
<li><strong>Project Management Skills:</strong> Experience leading cross-functional projects, demonstrating the ability to manage timelines, resources, and stakeholder expectations effectively.</li>
<li><strong>Communication Excellence:</strong> Outstanding verbal and written communication abilities, along with a knack for building strong relationships with customers and internal stakeholders. This includes the capacity to listen actively, empathize, and engage with diverse audiences.</li>
<li><strong>Problem Solving &amp; Adaptability:</strong> Skilled at problem-solving, decision-making, and ability to navigate challenging situations professionally. Quick learner; comfortable in a fast-paced, evolving environment. Open to experimenting with new strategies and tools to achieve Customer Success goals.</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Nice to Have</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li><strong>Technical Acumen &amp; Translation: </strong>Ability to grasp complex product functionalities and articulate them to customers of varying technical levels. Comfortable communicating technical requirements into business outcomes, and vice versa.</li>
<li><strong>Analytical Capabilities: </strong>Aptitude for analyzing customer usage data to inform decisions, identify opportunities for use case expansion, and contribute to product improvement.</li>
<li><strong>Customer Advocacy: </strong>A history of acting as a customer advocate, influencing product development and operational changes to meet customer needs and enhance their success. In addition, has a history of partnering with customers to turn their success stories into public case studies.</li>
<li><strong>Methodology Flexibility: </strong>Comfortable leveraging both high-touch and one:Many strategies to support a diverse customer base. Experience tailoring playbooks and collateral based on the changing needs of their portfolio. Highly customer-centric.</li>
<li><strong>Industry Expertise: </strong>Deep knowledge of the technology and SaaS landscape, with specific experience in API development and management tools. Understanding of the challenges and opportunities within the industry that Postman operates.</li>
<li><strong>Educational Background: </strong>Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Business, Marketing, Communication, Information Technology, or related fields.</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><h2 data-renderer-start-pos="4036"><strong data-renderer-mark="true">What Else?</strong></h2>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="4048">In addition to Postman's pay-on-performance philosophy, and a flexible schedule working with a fun, collaborative team, Postman offers a comprehensive set of benefits, including full medical coverage, flexible PTO, wellness reimbursement, and a monthly lunch stipend. Along with that, our wellness programs will help you stay in the best of your physical and mental health. Our frequent and fascinating team-building events will keep you connected, while our donation-matching program can support the causes you care about. We’re building a long-term company with an inclusive culture where everyone can be the best version of themselves.&nbsp;</p>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="4048">At Postman we value in person collaboration. We are in office 5 days a week for all roles based out of our hubs in San Francisco Bay Area, Boston, Austin, Tokyo and London. For roles based in Bangalore, employees currently work in the office three days a week and will transition to five days per week by the end of the year. We were thoughtful in our approach which is based on collaboration and grounded in feedback from our workforce, leadership team, and peers. The benefits of our in office model will be shared knowledge, brainstorming sessions, communication, and building trust in-person that cannot be replicated via zoom.</p>
<h2 data-renderer-start-pos="3620"><strong data-renderer-mark="true">Our Values</strong></h2>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="3633">At Postman, we create with the same curiosity that we see in our users. We value transparency and honest communication about not only successes, but also failures. In our work, we focus on specific goals that add up to a larger vision. Our inclusive work culture ensures that everyone is valued equally as important pieces of our final product. We are dedicated to delivering the best products we can.</p>
<h2><strong>Equal opportunity</strong></h2>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="4048">Postman is an Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender perception or identity, national origin, age, marital status, protected veteran status, or disability status. Headhunters and recruitment agencies may not submit resumes/CVs through this website or directly to managers. Postman does not accept unsolicited headhunter and agency resumes. Postman will not pay fees to any third-party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with Postman.</p></div>