<div class="content-intro"><h2><span data-sheets-root="1">About Wolt</span></h2>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">At Wolt, we create technology that brings joy, simplicity and earnings to the neighborhoods of the world. In 2014 we started with delivery of restaurant food. Now we’re building the delivery of (almost) everything and you’ll find us in over 500 cities in 30 countries around the world. In 2022 we joined forces with DoorDash and together we keep on dreaming big and expanding across the globe.<br><br>Working at Wolt isn’t always easy, but it’s definitely exciting. Here you’ll learn more, build more, and ship more than in most other companies. You’ll be challenged a lot, but also have a lot of fun on the way. So, if you’re a self-starter with drive and entrepreneurial spirit, this could be the ride of your life.</span></p></div><p>We are looking for a Product Manager to join our Ads &amp; Promotions team. This team is helping merchants and brands thrive on Wolt and making our services more affordable for consumers, and you could play a key role in making it happen.</p>
<p>What does this mean in practice? Merchants and brands partner with Wolt to effectively reach local consumers, and advertising amplifies this capability. Whether it's a new merchant eager to quickly showcase their offerings to a wide audience, an existing merchant seeking sales growth, or a brand looking to raise product awareness, promote deals, and increase market share - our mission is to assist them in achieving their objectives while ensuring a great user experience.</p>
<p>As a Product Manager, you will work with a cross-functional team of incredibly talented engineering, design, product and analytics humans in a high-visibility role. You will be responsible for setting your team's vision, strategy and roadmap. This also involves leading multiple projects and cross-team product initiatives across the entire product lifecycle, partnering with business and operations stakeholders as well as understanding our customers better than anyone.</p>
<h2><strong>About this role</strong></h2>
<p>This role sits at the intersection of global product strategy, business ownership and execution at scale.</p>
<ul>
<li>You will take end-to-end ownership of a core part of the advertising product</li>
<li>Own the product and business outcomes for this area as we transition from a regional setup to a global tech platform</li>
<li>Work closely with commercial, operations, analytics, and engineering partners to ensure the product scales globally without breaking local success</li>
<li>Set vision and strategy for a global product area used across markets</li>
<li>Drive cross-company alignment between DoorDash, Deliveroo and Wolt teams</li>
<li>Help define how product leadership works at global scale</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Our humble expectations</strong></h2>
<p>You could come to this role from a multitude of different backgrounds, but ideally, you have&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>Proven experience as a Product Manager with experience from the B2B and/or Adtech and Martech space&nbsp; -&nbsp; you know what it takes to develop great business products&nbsp;</li>
<li>Experience in leading products from concept to launch, setting the product vision, strategy, roadmap and tracking results.</li>
<li>Expertise in working with and coaching cross-functional teams, including business, design, data experts and engineers.</li>
<li>Desire to be in a high-ownership role. You need to be comfortable with both getting your hands dirty and driving cross-team projects outside of your main domain.</li>
<li>A mixture of data analysis skills, engineering understanding, design sensitivity, and business savviness with the go-getter attitude of a (humble) "could-be start-up CEO".</li>
<li>Be confident in filling a high-visibility role that requires a strong sense of stakeholder management - the lights are on you.</li>
</ul>
<h2>Next steps</h2>
<p>The position will be filled as soon as we find the right person, so make sure to apply as soon as you realize you really, really want to join us!</p>
<p>The compensation will be a negotiable combination of monthly pay and DoorDash RSUs. The latter makes it exceptionally easy to be excited about our company growing and doing well, as you’ll own a piece of the pie.</p>
<p><iframe src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/Ncz4s\_oBczc?si=FzuwoSOLcv5WZVRN" width="560" height="314"></iframe></p><div class="content-conclusion"><h2><span data-sheets-root="1">Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion</span></h2>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">We’re committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. That’s why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.</span></p></div>