<h2>The Role</h2>
<p>Ziina is looking for an Android Engineer to join our team. We have laid a strong foundation upon which we’ve shipped our product. We are looking for someone to help us build engaging new features, who is obsessive about delivering high quality products and can shape our engineering organization to be the kind of place that bright young minds from across the region aspire to work for.</p>
<p>As our team is small, our ideal candidate is a creative thinker excited to solve hard problems to build something from the ground up. They can move quickly, clearly articulate tradeoffs, and have the judgement to own features independently. They are obsessive about delivering great, high quality products to our users. We are ambitious and excited to build big things, and we’d love to bring on someone who is as well.</p>
<h2>As an Android engineer at Ziina you will:</h2>
<ul>
<li>Collaborate with world-class product, design, operations, and engineering teams to determine which features and solutions will deliver the most value for the business and the best experience for our users.</li>
<li>Own and ship end-to-end reliable, scalable, and maintainable software that will keep our users’ funds safe and stand the test of time. You will take features from design, to implementation, to polish, to shipping, to monitoring and measuring progress.</li>
<li>Design and build a modern architecture that enables our team to build, test, and ship new features quickly.</li>
<li>Improve mobile developer experience to reduce time-to-market for new features.</li>
<li>Help shape our engineering culture by introducing good practices and methods of knowledge-sharing.</li>
</ul>
<h2>To succeed in this role, you likely:&nbsp;</h2>
<ul>
<li data-start="101" data-end="160">Have 2+ years of experience building Android applications</li>
<li data-start="163" data-end="216">Demonstrate high integrity and a team-first mindset</li>
<li data-start="219" data-end="289">Take ownership and show initiative, with a strong bias toward action</li>
<li data-start="292" data-end="356">Thrive in bringing clarity and structure to ambiguous problems</li>
<li data-start="359" data-end="412">Are curious, proactive, and eager to learn and grow</li>
<li data-start="415" data-end="477">Communicate clearly and collaborate effectively across teams</li>
<li data-start="480" data-end="541">Can define and articulate technical and design requirements</li>
<li data-start="544" data-end="607">Write clean, high-quality, testable, and well-documented code</li>
<li data-start="610" data-end="690">Think analytically, with strong data-driven decision-making and customer focus</li>
<li data-start="693" data-end="742">Are based in, or open to relocating to, the UAE</li>
</ul>
<h2>What would amaze us</h2>
<ul>
<li data-start="148" data-end="201">A track record of working on apps that process financial transactions</li>
<li data-start="204" data-end="267">Proficiency with Kotlin, Java, and MVVM architecture patterns</li>
<li data-start="270" data-end="321">Proven ability to ship and maintain apps at scale</li>
<li data-start="324" data-end="407">Confidence in tackling tough bugs, concurrency issues, and persistence challenges</li>
</ul>
<h2>Our tech stack</h2>
<p>We’ve built a modular architecture with the principles of reliability, scalability, and maintainability in mind. Our current stack is:</p>
<ul>
<li>Typescript, Node.js and Nest.js for our main application’s backend.</li>
<li>Swift/SwiftUI for our iOS app, Kotlin for our Android app.</li>
<li>Next.js, React and Typescript for our web applications.</li>
<li>GraphQL Federation for our client-facing APIs and Kafka for our inter-service communication.</li>
<li>PostgresSQL for consistent and durable storage, Redis for quick fetching, Elasticsearch for quick searching.</li>
<li>AWS for hosting our cloud infrastructure and Kubernetes for orchestrating our workloads.</li>
<li>Terraform for IaC</li>
<li>Github Actions for CI/CD.</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><h2>About Ziina</h2>
<p>Ziina’s mission is to bring financial freedom to every person in the Middle East. We are building MENA’s consumer and SMB financial platform, starting with a peer-to-peer and merchant wallet. Our team have backgrounds from Apple, Uber, Stripe, Klarna, Revolut, Yandex, and Nubank. Ziina’s payments volumes have grown by 10x YoY for the last two years. The team have built a product that is beloved by the UAE and is the recipient of 8 international design awards, including the Red Dot Award and the UX Design Award. Our last round was a $22 million Series A from top-tier investors globally including Altos Ventures, Fintech Collective, Activant, Long Journey Ventures and Y Combinator. Our angel investors include early employees and executives at Revolut, Stripe, Venmo, Brex, Checkout.com, Notion, and Deel.</p>
<p>Join us in shaping the future of financial freedom. Every role here is an opportunity to make a real impact. Let’s build something that matters together.</p></div>