<p><strong>This is Adyen</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Adyen provides payments, data, and financial products in a single solution for customers like Meta, Uber, H&amp;M, and Microsoft - making us the financial technology platform of choice. At Adyen, everything we do is engineered for ambition.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">For our teams, we create an environment with opportunities for our people to succeed, backed by the culture and support to ensure they are enabled to truly own their careers. We are motivated individuals who tackle unique technical challenges at scale and solve them as a team. Together, we deliver innovative and ethical solutions that help businesses achieve their ambitions faster.</span></p>
<p><strong>Team Lead, Account Management</strong></p>
<p>We’re looking for an experienced and inspirational leader to join the Account Management team. You will build, mentor, and coach a team of account managers who are responsible for growing strategic merchant relationships and payments revenue. You excel in driving revenue, streamlining operations, fostering collaboration, and engaging with executives.</p>
<p>As a key contributor in our China business, you'll help shape our culture and team environment, creating future leaders for Adyen. You'll encourage growth by helping the team increase wallet share, cross-selling, upselling, and building strong relationships with enterprise merchants. The ideal candidate is a born networker with a sharp commercial acumen, who thrives in a fast-paced, diverse and entrepreneurial environment. You'll help manage relationships with merchants across multiple industries and understand the unique needs of a merchant, while providing them with payments expertise and guidance to help them grow.</p>
<p><strong>What you’ll do</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Drive commercial growth by providing advice and strategic consultation for your team members on best practices to increase share of wallet, upselling and cross selling, building strong relationships, and bringing valuable insights to your merchants.</li>
<li>Set clear individual and team goals focused on revenue growth, report on performance and metrics at an executive level;</li>
<li>Create an inspiring and collaborative environment with an open feedback culture, motivate team members and encourage creativity while understanding training needs;</li>
<li>Provide coaching in areas as strategic account planning, contract negotiations, product roadmap discussions, and executive engagement;</li>
<li>Provide strategic and consultative advice to help influence and full-fill the global payments strategy of enterprise companies;</li>
<li>Collaborate cross-functionally to communicate merchant needs and feedback, impacting Adyen’s product innovation and development, and delivering merchant projects;</li>
<li>Serve as a thought leader and extensive source of knowledge for your colleagues in the account management team and other company departments;</li>
<li>Proactively foster a positive working environment for our business and maintain good relationships with external and internal stakeholders.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Who you are</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>You're a dynamic, hands-on self-starter with a proven commercial edge and entrepreneurial drive;</li>
<li>You have a strong network in the payment/fintech industry in China</li>
<li>Enjoy engaging others, working collaboratively, and developing strong working relationships at all levels of management;</li>
<li>Passionate about leading strategic payments conversations, presenting business reviews, and coordinating high level technical discussions;</li>
<li>Highly skilled in leveraging your business acumen and analytical abilities to strategically assess and help reach client goals;</li>
<li>Excited to prioritize and manage multiple projects across different departments, while motivating and collaborating with others to achieve results.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Requirements</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Native in Mandarin with business proficiency in English</li>
<li>Solid experience in payments, alternative payments methods, or card acquiring industry</li>
<li>Experience in engaging with C-suites in enterprise companies within e-commerce, digital, online marketplaces or platform industry</li>
<li>At least 2+ years experience in managing teams</li>
<li>Experience in revenue driving position with track record of growing share of wallet, cross-selling, upselling is highly desirable</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Our Diversity, Equity and Inclusion commitments&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Our unique approach is a product of our diverse perspectives. This diversity of backgrounds and cultures is essential in helping us maintain our momentum. Our business and technical challenges are unique, and we need as many different voices as possible to join us in solving them - voices like yours. No matter who you are or where you’re from, we welcome you to be your true self at Adyen.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Studies show that women and members of underrepresented communities apply for jobs only if they meet 100% of the qualifications. Does this sound like you? If so, Adyen encourages you to reconsider and apply. We look forward to your application!</span></p>
<p><strong>What’s next?</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Ensuring a smooth and enjoyable candidate experience is critical for us. We aim to get back to you regarding your application within 5 business days. Our interview process tends to take about 4 weeks to complete, but may fluctuate depending on the role. </span><a href="https://careers.adyen.com/how-we-hire"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Learn more about our hiring process here</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">. Don’t be afraid to let us know if you need more flexibility.</span></p>
<p>This role is based out of our Shanghai office. We are an office-first company and value in-person collaboration; we do not offer remote-only roles.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>