<div class="content-intro"><p>Celonis is the global leader in Process Intelligence and the pioneer of Process Mining technology. As one of the world’s fastest-growing enterprise SaaS companies, we are changemakers pushing the boundaries of what’s possible. We invest heavily in advanced AI capabilities—specifically our Process Intelligence Graph—to turn data insights into immediate business action. We believe there is a massive opportunity to unlock global productivity and sustainability by placing intelligence at the core of every business process. Join our mission to make processes work for people, companies, and the planet.</p></div><p></p>
<p><strong>The Team:</strong></p>
<p>Join the Celonis Support Services team, part of a 3-Level Support model, as a dedicated 2nd Level Technical Support Engineer. You will be located in Madrid and report directly to the Director of Customer Support.</p>
<p><strong>The Role:</strong></p>
<p>Our support engineers are highly-trained experts focused on diagnosing and resolving technical and product-related issues across the Celonis Product Suite. You will serve as the crucial interface between our global customers, partners and our internal Value Engineering &amp; Delivery, Development, and Product Management organizations. We’re looking for someone eager to become a deep technical expert in Celonis infrastructure and software and contribute to a SaaS-based, customer value-focused environment.</p>
<p><strong>The work you’ll do:</strong></p>
<p>Your responsibilities are focused on expert technical analysis, resolution of complex incidents, and driving continuous improvement in support operations:</p>
<ul>
<li>Provide 2nd Level technical support for customer issues across Celonis Systems &amp; Products.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Serve as a Technical Contact for Premier Customers.</li>
<li>Take ownership of complex cases - accepting, qualifying, driving, and resolving them according to ITSM processes and KPI adherence.</li>
<li>As a core function, perform analysis, diagnosis, and recovery of complex technical issues, often requiring direct engagement with customers and internal Product and Engineering teams.</li>
<li>Participate in Root Cause Analysis (RCA) cycles to improve the team's support Knowledge Base.</li>
<li>Contribute actively to Continual Service Improvement (CSI) cycles and initiatives including Knowledge Centred Service (KCS)</li>
<li>Prepare and deliver Webcasts on selected technical topics to customers and internal support staff.</li>
<li>Participate in an on-call schedule to ensure continuous global coverage.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>The qualifications you need:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Education: Bachelor of Computer Science, Engineering, or a related degree in the field of IT.</li>
<li>Experience: Minimum 3 years of proven Technical Support experience handling complex technical issues and international customer inquiries whilst adhering to Service Level Agreements.</li>
<li>Certification: ITIL v3 Foundation Certification; additional ITIL certification is a plus.</li>
<li>Cloud Technologies: AWS or Azure certification and/or working experience in a mid to large sized Kubernetes / containerised environment.</li>
<li>Systems Administration: Proven experience with heterogeneous Linux/Unix systems.</li>
<li>Coding Skills: Proficient in at least one programming language (e.g., Java) or a scripting language (e.g., Python).</li>
<li>Databases: Experience with major database systems (e.g., SAP HANA, Oracle, MS SQL Server).</li>
<li>Problem Solving: Goal-oriented, independent, and structured approach to the analysis and solution of complex problems in virtual and cloud-based environments.</li>
</ul>
<p></p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>What Celonis can offer you:</strong></p>
<ul class="p-rich\_text\_list p-rich\_text\_list\_\_bullet p-rich\_text\_list--nested" data-stringify-type="unordered-list" data-list-tree="true" data-indent="0" data-border="0">
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Pioneer Innovation:</span> Work with the global leader in Process Mining and the Process Intelligence Graph to shape the future of AI-driven business operations.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Ownership from Day 1:</span> Every full-time "Celonaut" is an owner, receiving Restricted Stock Units (RSUs) and merit-based refresh grants.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Unrivaled Family Support:</span> Benefit from our inclusive parental leave policy—24 weeks of fully paid leave for primary carers and 12 weeks for supporting carers, available from your first day of employment.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Work-Life Integration:</span> Enjoy Unlimited PTO (in applicable regions) and generous PTO globally, as well as a flexible hybrid work model that balances remote focus with vibrant office collaboration.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Continuous Growth:</span> Elevate your skills through our 70-20-10 learning framework, mentorship programs, and access to a dedicated learning platform.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Holistic Well-being:</span> Prioritize your health with subsidized Wellhub memberships, mental health counseling, and dedicated "Wellness Weeks" that prioritize work/life balance.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Drive Sustainability:</span> Participate in annual Impact Days, where you receive paid time off to volunteer for community and environmental causes with your local office, or virtually.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Global Inclusion &amp; Belonging:</span> Find community through our Inclusion Think Tank and participate in our annual Inclusion Days, ensuring every voice is heard and valued.</li>
<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Value-Driven Impact:</span> Join a mission-led organization where our core values—Live for Customer Value, The Best Team Wins, We Own It, and Earth Is Our Future—drive every decision.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>About Us:</strong></p>
<p>Celonis makes processes work — for people, companies, and the planet. Powered by process mining and AI, the Celonis Process Intelligence Platform integrates process data and business context to create a living digital twin of business operations. We enable thousands of companies worldwide to understand how their business actually runs and, together with their partners, build intelligent solutions that transform and continuously improve the way they operate — unlocking billions in value. Celonis is headquartered in Munich, Germany, and New York City, USA, with more than 20 offices worldwide.</p>
<p><br>Get familiar with the Celonis Process Intelligence Platform by watching this <a href="https://academy.celonis.com/learn/video/discover-the-ems">video</a>.</p>
<p><strong>Celonis Inclusion Statement:</strong></p>
<p>At Celonis, we believe our people make us who we are and that “The Best Team Wins”. We know that the best teams are made up of people who bring different perspectives to the table. And when everyone feels included, able to speak up and knows their voice is heard - that's when creativity and innovation happen.<strong><br></strong></p>
<p><strong>Your Privacy:</strong></p>
<p>Any information you submit to Celonis as part of your application will be processed in accordance with Celonis’ <a href="https://www.celonis.com/careers/candidate-notices">Accessibility and Candidate Notices</a></p>
<p>By submitting this application, you confirm that you agree to the storing and processing of your personal data by Celonis as described in our <a href="https://www.celonis.com/careers/privacy-notice/">Privacy Notice for the Application and Hiring Process</a>.</p>
<p>Please be aware of common job offer scams, impersonators and frauds. Learn more <a href="https://www.celonis.com/careers/fraud-alert/">here</a>.</p></div>