<p>We are looking for an Inbound German speaking Sales Development Representative to join our EMEA Sales team who is intellectually curious, willing to learn, and hard-working. As an SDR, you will be engaging with contacts that are existing Asana users as well as new contacts. Using outreach emails, phone calls and social media, you will connect with our targeted contacts using the best possible message to generate qualified sales opportunities for our Corporate and Enterprise sales teams across EMEA. This is a great opportunity to learn the fundamentals of sales and work with a product-centric team that is perfecting a newer and more profitable technology sales engine.</p>
<p>This role is based in our Dublin office with an office-centric hybrid schedule. The standard in-office days are Monday, Tuesday, and Thursday. Most Asanas have the option to work from home on Wednesdays. Working from home on Fridays depends on the type of work you do and the teams with which you partner. If you're interviewing for this role, your recruiter will share more about the in-office requirements.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>What you’ll achieve:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Educate new and existing free Asana users about the value of our Premium, Business and Enterprise products</li>
<li>Maintain active engagement with prospects using creative follow-up communication</li>
<li>Efficiently manage a high volume of inbound and outbound communications</li>
<li>Work inbound sales leads in an efficient manner &amp; use them as a platform to navigate into other parts of the prospective Company</li>
<li>Conduct qualification meetings with new customer</li>
<li>Ensure a seamless hand-off of appointments to the respective sales team</li>
<li>Accurately enter, update, and maintain daily activity and prospect information in Salesforce</li>
<li>Analyze sales data and collaborate closely with the Marketing and Sales Teams on developing new outreach strategies</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>About you:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Fluency in written and spoken&nbsp; German and English</li>
<li>Fluency in an additional language would be highly desirable</li>
<li>Eager to acquire knowledge and advance a career in Software Sales (SaaS).</li>
<li>Prior experience in customer-facing roles or experience in inbound/outbound sales development</li>
<li>Enthusiastic about technology and eager to share this passion with others</li>
<li>Effective communication skills, empathy, and a strong commitment to integrity</li>
<li>Self-motivated individual capable of diagnosing inefficiencies and improving processes to achieve optimal results</li>
<li>Commitment to continuous learning, being adaptable and maintaining a positive attitude</li>
<li>Demonstrated curiosity about AI tools and emerging technologies, with a willingness to learn and leverage them to enhance productivity, collaboration, or decision-making</li>
</ul>
<p>At Asana, we're committed to building teams that include a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, and skills, as this is critical to helping us achieve our mission. If you're interested in this role and don't meet every listed requirement, we still encourage you to apply.</p>
<p><strong>What we’ll offer:</strong></p>
<p>Our comprehensive compensation package plays a big part in how we recognize you for the impact you have on our path to achieving our mission. We believe that compensation should be reflective of the value you create relative to the market value of your role. To ensure pay is fair and not impacted by biases, we're committed to looking at market value which is why we check ourselves and conduct a yearly pay equity audit.</p>
<p>For this role, the estimated base salary range is between €37,600 - €40,600. The actual base salary will vary based on various factors, including market and individual qualifications objectively assessed during the interview process. The listed range above is a guideline, and the base salary range for this role may be modified.</p>
<p>In addition to base salary, your compensation package may include additional components such as equity, sales incentive pay (for most sales roles), and benefits. If you're interviewing for this role, speak with your Talent Acquisition Partner to learn more about the total compensation and benefits for this role.</p>
<p>We strive to provide equitable and competitive benefits packages that support our employees worldwide and include:</p>
<ul>
<li>Mental health, wellness &amp; fitness benefits</li>
<li>Career coaching &amp; support</li>
<li>Inclusive family building benefits</li>
<li>Long-term savings or retirement plans</li>
<li>In-office culinary options to cater to your dietary preferences</li>
</ul>
<p>These are just some of the benefits we offer, and benefits may vary based on role, country, and local regulations. If you're interviewing for this role, speak with your Talent Acquisition Partner to learn more about the total compensation and benefits for this role.</p>
<p>#LI-Hybrid&nbsp;</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>About us</strong></p>
<p data-pm-slice="1 1 []">Asana is a leading platform for human + AI collaboration. Millions of teams around the world rely on Asana to achieve their most important goals, faster. Asana has been named to Fortune's Best Workplaces for 7+ years and recognized by Fast Company, Forbes, and Gartner for excellence in workplace culture and innovation. We offer an exceptional office-centric culture while adopting the best elements of hybrid models to ensure that every one of our global team members can work together effortlessly. With 13+ offices all over the world, we are always looking for individuals who care about building technology that drives positive change in the world and a culture where everyone feels that they belong.</p>
<p data-pm-slice="1 1 []"><strong><a class="LinkThemeablePresentation LinkPrimaryPresentation LinkPrimaryPresentation--sentimentSelected PrimaryLink HighlightSol HighlightSol--core HighlightSol--buildingBlock" href="https://www.gem.com/form?formID=fbcdec8c-3442-43b9-9b45-d2b5f4ea25db" target="\_blank">Join Asana’s Talent Network</a></strong>&nbsp;to stay up to date on job opportunities and life at Asana.</p></div>