<p>We are looking for an experienced Principal Partner Manager to build and accelerate growth with our top Security focused channel partners in Latin America.&nbsp; Our ultimate goal is building channels and alliances that drive new customer adoption and revenue. In this role, you will drive Datadog’s business relationships by analyzing partner business performance, identifying methods of increasing partner and Datadog returns, and identifying opportunities with your named partners to position Datadog as the observability &amp; cloud security platform of choice for their install base, programs &amp; contracts.&nbsp; This is a great opportunity for you to join a high-growth cloud software company and help blaze the path for our company's expansion.</p>
<p>&nbsp;<em>At Datadog, we place value in our office culture - the relationships and collaboration it builds and the creativity it brings to the table. We operate as a hybrid workplace to ensure our Datadogs can create a work-life harmony that best fits them.</em></p>
<p><strong>What You’ll Do:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Own the top cloud security focused channel partner relationships</li>
<li>Drive net new and expansion revenue through our top established and strategic cloud security partners</li>
<li>Recruit and onboard new security focused partners aligning to Datadog’s Ideal Partner Profile</li>
<li>Oversee Datadog Partner Agreement process and if needed, collaborating with Datadog legal</li>
<li>Work with partners to develop partner-led insertion points, including joining solution and services offerings.</li>
<li>Enable and activate existing partners through training, planning and joint selling activities</li>
<li>Coordinate the technical and marketing aspects of integrated partnership launches</li>
<li>Host regular business reviews with partners to drive accountability and report on success metrics</li>
<li>Generate partner-sourced net-new sales pipeline and revenue</li>
<li>Variable commissions will be 40% of the On Target Earnings</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Who You Are:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>5+ years of partner-facing, quota-carrying experience in the cyber security and/or cloud security SaaS industry</li>
<li>Proven experience in driving sales opportunities from lead generation to closure, effectively negotiating agreements and building long-lasting partnerships</li>
<li>Understanding of, and exposure to working with, the leading cloud hyperscalers</li>
<li>Ability to quickly understand technical concepts and architectural scenarios, and explain them to others verbally and in writing</li>
<li>Willing to travel 30-40% of the time</li>
<li>Native in Portuguese and professional English and Spanish language skills</li>
</ul>
<p><em>Datadog values people from all walks of life. We understand not everyone will meet all the above qualifications on day one. That's okay. If you’re passionate about technology and want to grow your skills, we encourage you to apply.</em></p>
<p>&nbsp;<strong>Benefits and Growth:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Entrepreneurial mindset with a passion for taking initiatives from ideation to impact</li>
<li>Passion for fast-paced, sometimes unpredictable growth culture and environment</li>
<li>Experience in identifying market opportunities with a track record of initiating go-to-market plans and sales follow-through</li>
<li>Background in SaaS and / or consumption based software platforms</li>
<li>Experience with systems management or monitoring</li>
<li>Experience with partnerships supporting Containers and/or DevOps, particularly in a cloud environment</li>
<li>Technical background/education</li>
</ul>
<p><em>Benefits and Growth listed above may vary based on the country of your employment and the nature of your employment with Datadog.</em></p><div class="content-conclusion"><hr>
<p><strong>About Datadog:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>Datadog (NASDAQ: DDOG) is a global SaaS business, delivering a rare combination of growth and profitability. We are on a mission to break down silos and solve complexity in the cloud age by enabling digital transformation, cloud migration, and infrastructure monitoring of our customers’ entire technology stacks. Built by engineers, for engineers, Datadog is used by organizations of all sizes across a wide range of industries. Together, we champion professional development, diversity of thought, innovation, and work excellence to empower continuous growth. Join the pack and become part of a collaborative, pragmatic, and thoughtful people-first community where we solve tough problems, take smart risks, and celebrate one another. Learn more about #DatadogLife on <a href="https://www.instagram.com/datadoghq/?hl=en" target="\_blank">Instagram</a>, <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/company/datadog" target="\_blank">LinkedIn,</a> and <a href="https://learn.datadoghq.com/" target="\_blank">Datadog Learning Center. </a></p>
<hr>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="215"><strong data-renderer-mark="true">Equal Opportunity at Datadog:</strong></p>
<p>Datadog is proud to offer <a href="https://www.eeoc.gov/sites/default/files/2023-06/22-088\_EEOC\_KnowYourRights6.12ScreenRdr.pdf" target="\_blank">equal employment opportunity</a> to everyone regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity, veteran status, and other characteristics protected by law. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. Here are our <a href="https://www.datadoghq.com/legal/candidate-legal-notices/" target="\_blank">Candidate Legal Notices</a> for your reference.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Datadog endeavors to make our Careers Page accessible to all users. If you would like to contact us regarding the accessibility of our website or need assistance completing the application process, please complete <a href="https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSeoJeduEZ2NdZF\_65uZmWUrCM-zee7yADXX1s6Xr9zAGq8iKA/viewform" target="\_blank">this form</a>. This form is for accommodation requests only and cannot be used to inquire about the status of applications.&nbsp;</p>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="662"><strong data-renderer-mark="true">Privacy and AI Guidelines:</strong></p>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="662">Any information you submit to Datadog as part of your application will be processed in accordance with Datadog’s&nbsp;<a class="c-link" href="https://www.datadoghq.com/legal/applicant-candidate-privacy/" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://www.datadoghq.com/legal/applicant-candidate-privacy/" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">Applicant and Candidate Privacy Notice</a>. For information on our AI policy, please visit <a href="https://www.datadoghq.com/legal/interviewing-at-datadog-ai-guidelines/" target="\_blank">Interviewing at Datadog AI Guidelines</a>.</p></div>