<div class="content-intro"><p style="text-align: justify;">At Prodigal, we are building AI Agents for loan servicing and collections. Founded in 2018 by IITB alumni, our journey began with one bold mission: to eradicate the inefficiencies and confusion that have plagued the lending and collections industry for decades. We are backed by Y Combinator, Accel and Menlo Ventures.&nbsp;</p>
<p style="text-align: justify;">Today, we stand at the forefront of a seismic shift in the industry, building Agentic AI applications for consumer finance. Powered by our cutting-edge platform, Prodigal’s Intelligence Engine (PIE), we’re creating the next-generation agentic workforce - one that empowers companies to achieve unprecedented levels of operational excellence and intelligence.</p>
<p style="text-align: justify;">With over half a billion consumer finance interactions processed and a growing impact on more than 100 leading companies across North America, we’ve established ourselves as the go-to partner for organizations that demand more from their AI solutions. Our unparalleled experience, coupled with our trusted customer relationships, uniquely positions us to build Agentic AI applications that will revolutionize the future of consumer finance.</p>
<p style="text-align: justify;">At Prodigal, we are driven by a singular, unrelenting purpose: to transform how consumer finance companies engage with their customers and, in turn, drive successful outcomes for all.&nbsp;</p></div><p>We're seeking a Machine Learning Lead to join our team in building cutting-edge products that shape the future of consumer finance. As a member of our team, you will oversee complex technical problems, build new features, and improve existing products. Our teams are constantly pushing the boundaries of applied intelligence in consumer finance, and we're looking for passionate individuals who can help us advance us further. If you're interested in leading a world-class team of engineers and researchers to work on exciting projects that have a significant impact, we encourage you to apply.</p>
<h3>Responsibilities:</h3>
<ul>
<li><strong>Partner with the CTO to drive the team's goals and technical direction</strong> to pursue opportunities that make the organization more efficient</li>
<li><strong>Effectively communicate complex features</strong> and systems in detail</li>
<li><strong>Understand industry &amp; company-wide trends</strong> to help assess &amp; develop new technologies</li>
<li><strong>Partner with the CTO to lead long-term technical vision and roadmap</strong> for Machine Learning and the entire organization</li>
<li>Suggest, collect, and synthesize requirements and <strong>create an effective feature roadmap</strong></li>
<li>Design and develop Machine learning products and services leveraging AI (LLMs, Agentic AI, classical ML, the modern NLP stack, etc)</li>
<li>Architect and implement data pipelines for ML model training. Lead scalable software systems development to deploy ML models into production systems, ensuring high performance and reliability.</li>
<li>Stay updated on ML research and the ever-changing Gen AI landscape, identifying opportunities for innovation.</li>
<li><strong>&nbsp;</strong>Effectively collaborate with cross-functional teams to deliver high-quality solutions on time. Guide team members in contributing to ML design discussions for new projects.</li>
</ul>
<h3>Requirements:</h3>
<ul>
<li>Extensive experience, 5+ years in software development, with a focus on machine learning and data science in a tech company.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Proven track record of delivering high-quality ML products in a fast-paced, agile environment.</li>
<li>Deep understanding of machine learning algorithms with hands-on experience in developing and deploying machine learning models at scale.</li>
<li>Strong coding skills in Python. Familiarity with machine learning libraries such as PyTorch and sci-kit-learn. Experience with data manipulation and analysis tools like Pandas and Spark.</li>
<li>Strong communication and leadership skills, with the ability to effectively collaborate with cross-functional teams and mentor junior engineers.</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>Preferred Qualifications:</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Experience with cloud services (AWS), Databricks, and building scalable, distributed systems.</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong><span style="text-align: justify;">Job Benefits&nbsp;</span></strong></h3>
<ul style="text-align: justify;">
<li><strong>GenAI experience</strong>&nbsp;– Work directly in the innovative field of GenAI, shaping groundbreaking projects that redefine consumer finance intelligence.</li>
<li><strong>World-class team</strong>&nbsp;- You'll get the chance to learn from (and teach) some of the brightest and most skilled people you'll ever meet. Our team members have been part of BCG, Deloitte, EY, Blackstone, Meta, Amazon and are IIT, IIM, BITS alumnus.</li>
<li><strong>Continuous education</strong>&nbsp;- As relentless seekers of knowledge, we sponsor and support any training materials, books, courses, and exam fees for upskilling yourself in areas related to your role - but that's not where it ends. If you make a good case for some extra learning, we're delighted to foot the tab.</li>
<li><strong>Food at the office</strong>&nbsp;– Meals are on us. We won't let your stomach grumble while you hustle.</li>
<li><strong>Health insurance</strong> - Health always comes first. The health of your family is as important to us as it is to you. We offer insurance coverage for both you and your family.</li>
<li><strong>Flexible schedule</strong>&nbsp;- We're not a "clock in, clock out" company. Morning person? Start work while the world's still sleeping. Night owl? Ramp things up while others are winding down. You're fully trusted to create the right conditions for your own personal peak productivity. We only ask that you be available to your teammates for seamless collaboration.</li>
<li><strong>Generous leave policy</strong>&nbsp;- Take all the time you need to recharge your batteries - no cap on vacation here. Because a rested, relaxed, and refreshed mind is a happy and effective mind.</li>
<li><strong>Recreation &amp; team activities</strong> – We regularly indulge in friendly football, table tennis, cooking sessions, and challenge each other to do those extra push-ups or chug that 4th drink (of course, that’s Nimbu Pani).</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Meet Sangram - (Cofounder and CTO) and hear his vision for Prodigal below (01:38)</strong></p>
<p>&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;<iframe style="width: 401px; height: 225px;" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/FTWlN9fwiIA?feature=shared" width="401" height="225"></iframe></p><div class="content-conclusion"><p style="text-align: justify;">From day 1, Prodigal has been defined by talented, humble, and hungry leaders and we want this mindset and culture to continue to blossom from top to bottom in the company. If you have an entrepreneurial spirit and want to work in a fast-paced, intellectually-stimulating environment where you will be pushed to grow, then please reach out because we are looking to build a transformational company that reinvents one of the biggest industries in the US.</p>
<p style="text-align: justify;">To learn more about us - please visit the following:</p>
<p><a href="https://www.prodigaltech.com/our-story" target="\_blank">Our Story </a>- <a href="https://www.prodigaltech.com/our-story">https://www.prodigaltech.com/our-story</a></p>
<p><a href="https://prodigaltech.notion.site/What-Shapes-Our-Thinking-908a433f080c4944bc48dd70ff60cf36?pvs=4">What shapes our thinking</a> - <a class="c-link" href="https://link.prodigaltech.com/our-thesis" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://link.prodigaltech.com/our-thesis" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">https://link.prodigaltech.com/our-thesis</a></p>
<p><a href="https://www.prodigaltech.com/">Our website</a> - <a href="https://www.prodigaltech.com/">https://www.prodigaltech.com/</a>&nbsp;</p></div>