<div class="content-intro"><p><strong data-stringify-type="bold">Why work at Nebius<br></strong>Nebius is leading a new era in cloud computing to serve the global AI economy. We create the tools and resources our customers need to solve real-world challenges and transform industries, without massive infrastructure costs or the need to build large in-house AI/ML teams. Our employees work at the cutting edge of AI cloud infrastructure alongside some of the most experienced and innovative leaders and engineers in the field.</p>
<p><strong>Where we work<br></strong>Headquartered in Amsterdam and listed on Nasdaq, Nebius has a global footprint with R&amp;D hubs across Europe, North America, and Israel. The team of over 1400 employees includes more than 400 highly skilled engineers with deep expertise across hardware and software engineering, as well as an in-house AI R&amp;D team.</p></div><p data-pm-slice="0 0 []"><strong>About Tavily Team</strong></p>
<p>Tavily team is building the infrastructure layer for agentic web interaction at scale. Our API is designed from the ground up to power Retrieval-Augmented Generation (RAG) and real-time reasoning in AI systems. By connecting LLMs to high-quality, trustworthy web content, we help developers build agents that are not only intelligent - but also informed.</p>
<p>We work with some of the most innovative teams in AI - from small startups shaping the ecosystem to the largest enterprises deploying AI at scale. Whether it’s powering sales assistants, research copilots, or internal knowledge tools, we’re the missing link between LLMs and the real world.</p>
<p><strong><span data-contrast="auto"><br>The role</span></strong><span data-ccp-props="{}">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">We are looking for an outstanding and diligent Technology Commercial Legal Counsel with an excellent track record, a strong work ethic, and exceptional attention to details to join our dynamic Legal team based in Tel Aviv.<br><br>You will take ownership of drafting, reviewing, and negotiating critical worldwide agreements that underpin Tavily’s business operations, while ensuring our compliance with global privacy and data protection regulations.</span></p>
<p><span data-ccp-props="{&quot;335559685&quot;:720,&quot;335559991&quot;:360}">You’re welcome to&nbsp;<strong>work hybrid from Tel Aviv, Israel.<br><br></strong></span></p>
<p><strong><span data-ccp-props="{&quot;335559685&quot;:720,&quot;335559991&quot;:360}"><span class="TextRun MacChromeBold SCXW95146830 BCX0" lang="EN-US" data-contrast="auto"><span class="NormalTextRun SCXW95146830 BCX0" data-ccp-charstyle="Strong">Your responsibilities will include:</span></span><span class="EOP SCXW95146830 BCX0" data-ccp-props="{&quot;134233117&quot;:true,&quot;134233118&quot;:true}">&nbsp;</span></span></strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Draft, review, and negotiate a wide range of commercial agreements, including customer, vendor, consulting, referral, reseller and NDAs.</li>
<li>Support and enhance Tavily’s privacy and data protection program, ensuring compliance with applicable regulations such as the GDPR, CCPA, and other global standards.</li>
<li>Review and negotiate DPAs and provide ongoing legal guidance on privacy matters.</li>
<li>Partner with cross-functional teams, including Product and R&amp;D, to identify legal needs and implement best practices.</li>
<li>Draft employment-related documents and advise on employment law matters.</li>
<li>Provide legal support on corporate matters.</li>
<li>Collaborate with stakeholders across the company to assess legal risk and develop practical mitigation strategies.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong><span data-contrast="auto"><span data-ccp-charstyle="Strong">We expect you to have:</span></span><span data-ccp-props="{&quot;134233117&quot;:true,&quot;134233118&quot;:true}">&nbsp;</span></strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Bar admission in the U.S., EU or Israel.</li>
<li>LL.B. or equivalent law degree, from a top-tier university.</li>
<li>3-6 years experience post internship/trainee program, practicing commercial and privacy law, at both leading law firm and as in-house counsel at a tech company.</li>
<li>Strong experience in drafting and negotiating technology commercial agreements (including DPAs).</li>
<li>Experience with global privacy regulations (such as the GDPR, CPRA, U.S. state privacy laws).</li>
<li>Experience with U.S. copyright and intellectual property laws.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong><span data-contrast="auto"><span data-ccp-charstyle="Strong">It will be </span><span data-ccp-charstyle="Strong">an added bonus</span><span data-ccp-charstyle="Strong"> if you have:</span></span><span data-ccp-props="{&quot;134233117&quot;:true,&quot;134233118&quot;:true}">&nbsp;</span></strong></p>
<ul>
<li data-leveltext="" data-font="Symbol" data-listid="6" data-list-defn-props="{&quot;335552541&quot;:1,&quot;335559685&quot;:720,&quot;335559991&quot;:360,&quot;469769226&quot;:&quot;Symbol&quot;,&quot;469769242&quot;:[8226],&quot;469777803&quot;:&quot;left&quot;,&quot;469777804&quot;:&quot;&quot;,&quot;469777815&quot;:&quot;hybridMultilevel&quot;}" data-aria-posinset="1" data-aria-level="1"><span data-ccp-props="{}">Familiarity with global AI regulations</span></li>
<li data-leveltext="" data-font="Symbol" data-listid="6" data-list-defn-props="{&quot;335552541&quot;:1,&quot;335559685&quot;:720,&quot;335559991&quot;:360,&quot;469769226&quot;:&quot;Symbol&quot;,&quot;469769242&quot;:[8226],&quot;469777803&quot;:&quot;left&quot;,&quot;469777804&quot;:&quot;&quot;,&quot;469777815&quot;:&quot;hybridMultilevel&quot;}" data-aria-posinset="1" data-aria-level="1">Experience in corporate or employment law<br><br></li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>What we offer</strong>&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>Competitive salary and comprehensive benefits package.</li>
<li>Opportunities for professional growth within Nebius.</li>
<li>Flexible working arrangements.</li>
<li>A dynamic and collaborative work environment that values initiative and innovation.</li>
</ul>
<p><span data-contrast="auto">We’re growing and expanding our products every day. If you’re up to the challenge and are excited about AI and ML as much as we are, join us!</span></p></div>