<div class="content-intro"><h2><strong>About Starburst</strong></h2>
<p>Starburst is the data platform for analytics, applications, and AI, unifying data across clouds and on-premises to accelerate AI innovation. Organizations—from startups to Fortune 500 enterprises in 60+ countries—rely on Starburst for fast data access, seamless collaboration, and enterprise-grade governance on an open hybrid data lakehouse. Wherever data lives, Starburst unlocks its full potential, powering data and AI from development to deployment. By future-proofing data architecture, Starburst helps businesses fuel innovation with AI.</p></div><h4><strong>About the role</strong></h4>
<p>The Enterprise Account Executive at Starburst is a quota carrying, enterprise software sales position responsible for meeting and exceeding goals through generating and closing new opportunities while increasing awareness of Starburst in the marketplace. We are looking for motivated, focused, and coachable sales professionals with experience across the full spectrum of the software sales cycle – prospecting, defining, and articulating value proposition, pilot process management, business case development, negotiation, and closing.</p>
<h4><strong>As an Enterprise Account Executive at Starburst you will</strong>:&nbsp;</h4>
<ul>
<li>Drive new business opportunities for selling Starburst software and services engagements within assigned territory</li>
<li>Develop and implement a sales strategy against assigned territory and/or targeted list of customers&nbsp;</li>
<li>Develop a deep understanding of, and effectively articulate, the Starburst offering and value proposition in the market</li>
<li>Constantly focused on pipeline generation within the territory to ensure long term success</li>
<li>Interact with and leverage the Channel and Alliance partner community to find new opportunities and drive existing deals to close</li>
<li>Manage opportunities through the sales cycle from initial inquiry to forecasted pipeline to deal design and close</li>
<li>Meet quarterly and annual revenue objectives for your territory</li>
<li>Provide continuous updates on all active accounts and report on sales, activities, status, and progress on a regular basis (via CRM, webex or in-person)</li>
<li>Maintain a high level of customer satisfaction and reference-ability</li>
<li>Travel for client visits and presentations on a regular basis</li>
</ul>
<h4><strong>Some of the things we look for:</strong></h4>
<ul>
<li>5+ years of progressive software sales experience to companies</li>
<li>Track record of success in closing business in large complex enterprise accounts</li>
<li>Excellent negotiation, analytical, financial, and organizational capabilities. Able to thrive in an evolving, entrepreneurial structure and environment</li>
<li>Outstanding verbal and written communication skills&nbsp;</li>
<li>Ability to work at both a tactical and strategic level</li>
<li>Must possess a can-do, self-starter mentality in a highly collaborative atmosphere</li>
<li>Have experience working in high growth early-stage companies</li>
<li>Data analytics software experience</li>
<li>Business intelligence software experience</li>
<li>Database/data warehousing platforms experience</li>
</ul>
<h4><strong>Where could this role be based?</strong></h4>
<ul>
<li>This role is based in our London office and follows a hybrid model, with an expectation of being onsite 1-2 days per week.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong><em>Ability to Travel</em></strong><em>: This role will require 25% in-person travel for purposes including but not limited to new hire onboarding, team and department offsites, customer engagements, and other company events. Actual travel expectations may vary by role and business needs.</em></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p><div class="content-conclusion"><h2><strong>Build your career at Starburst</strong></h2>
<p>All-Stars have the opportunity and freedom to realize their true potential. By building alongside top talent, we’re empowered to take ownership of our careers and drive meaningful change. Anchored in industry-proven technology and unprecedented success, All-Stars are taking on the challenge everyday to disrupt our industry – &nbsp;and the future.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Our global workforce is supported by a competitive Total Rewards program that reflects our commitment to a rewarding and supportive work environment. This includes a variety of benefits like competitive pay, attractive stock grants, flexible paid time off, and more.&nbsp;</p>
<p>We are committed to fostering an intentional, inclusive, and diverse culture that drives deep engagement, authentic belonging, and an exceptional All-Star experience. We believe that diversity of thought, perspective, background and experience will enable us to own what we do, drive our success and empower our All-Stars to show up authentically.</p>
<p>Starburst provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any type without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state<br>&nbsp;or local laws.</p></div>