<div class="content-intro"><h3><strong>About Us at GoCardless</strong></h3>
<p>GoCardless is a <strong>global bank payment</strong> company. Over <strong>100,000 businesses</strong>, from start-ups to household names, use GoCardless to collect and send payments through direct debit, real-time payments and open banking.&nbsp;</p>
<p>GoCardless processes <strong>US$130bn+</strong> of payments annually, across <strong>30+ countries</strong>; helping customers collect and send both <strong>recurring</strong> and <strong>one-off payments</strong>, without the chasing, stress or expensive fees. We use AI-powered solutions to improve payment success and reduce fraud. And, with open banking connectivity to over <strong>2,500 banks</strong>, we help our customers make faster, more informed decisions.</p>
<p>We are headquartered in the<strong> UK</strong> with offices in <strong>London</strong> and <strong>Leeds</strong>, and additional locations in <strong>Australia, France, Ireland, Latvia, Portugal</strong> and the <strong>United States.</strong></p>
<p>At GoCardless, we're all about <strong>supporting you</strong>! We’re committed to making our hiring process <strong>inclusive</strong> and <strong>accessible</strong>. If you need extra support or adjustments, reach out to your <strong>Talent Partner</strong> — we’re here to help!&nbsp;</p>
<p>And remember: we don’t expect you to meet every single requirement. If you’re excited by this role, <strong>we encourage you to apply!</strong></p></div><h3><strong data-renderer-mark="true">The role</strong></h3>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="116" data-local-id="ad106cbf8490">This role will be working within the Cashflow team in our Bank Payment Network Group. The Bank Payment Network is a cross-functional organisation that builds the future of GoCardless' customer facing product. This role will lead our AIS Acquisition Lab that will experiment to acquire consents at scale, transforming our product with card-like payment confirmation.</p>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="484" data-local-id="bfaa293c9f42">The AIS Acquisition Lab Product Manager will work closely with the team’s Product Designer and Engineering Manager to prove develop and prove hypothesis that provide efficient acquisition channels for consent. You will also collaborate closely with Product Marketing, Customer Success, and other Product teams to achieve your goals.</p>
<h3 data-renderer-start-pos="873" data-local-id="2dfe2589ec8b"><strong data-renderer-mark="true">What excites you&nbsp;</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li data-renderer-start-pos="894" data-local-id="371bd02e36f4"><strong data-renderer-mark="true">Delivering customer and business value</strong>: Being relentlessly focused on understanding and solving the customer problems which result in them using GoCardless as much as they can.</li>
<li data-renderer-start-pos="1074" data-local-id="40e278f9b397"><strong data-renderer-mark="true">Problem discovery and prioritisation:</strong> Taking complex and ambiguous product problems and structuring these effectively. This includes clearly defining the problem space, the impact of the problem and your prioritisation process.</li>
<li data-renderer-start-pos="1305" data-local-id="694deb63de9a"><strong data-renderer-mark="true">Data-led decision-making:</strong> Using quantitative and qualitative evidence to support your decisions and opportunity identification.</li>
<li data-renderer-start-pos="1436" data-local-id="e439ee6ec27b"><strong data-renderer-mark="true">Defining Product Strategy: </strong>Identifying key customer segments, and our approach to meeting their needs over the longer term in ways that create value for them and GoCardless</li>
<li data-renderer-start-pos="1612" data-local-id="f3d13059825c"><strong data-renderer-mark="true">Influencing and communication:</strong> Building collaborative relationships with your team, stakeholders and executives to deliver change effectively across your remit. This includes growing to become the ‘go-to’ person for your product area; translating complex, technical problems into understandable concepts; and convincing stakeholders of the best approach using structured reasoning.</li>
<li data-renderer-start-pos="1997" data-local-id="08774d91496e"><strong data-renderer-mark="true">Leadership:</strong> Setting direction and coordinating action across a range of teams and functions</li>
<li data-renderer-start-pos="2092" data-local-id="a87c4a1bd621"><strong data-renderer-mark="true">Shipping stuff:</strong> Working with your team to support changes to completion, delivering consistent positive impact across your product area. Being comfortable delivering a range of projects: from MVP experiments testing a hypothesis to a new feature.</li>
</ul>
<h3 data-renderer-start-pos="2342" data-local-id="a0aaa9d8e529"><strong data-renderer-mark="true">What excites us&nbsp;&nbsp;</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li data-renderer-start-pos="2363" data-local-id="b250fb14f400"><strong data-renderer-mark="true">Delivery of impact:</strong> You are focused on delivering business value through experimentation and have experience of doing that.</li>
<li data-renderer-start-pos="2490" data-local-id="2ebc0c355c30"><strong data-renderer-mark="true">Exceptional problem-solving and analytical skills:</strong> We want our Product Managers to have an outstanding ability to tackle valuable customer and business problems. At GoCardless we start by asking ‘why?’, and a data-led approach is central to how we run Product. You have a customer centric approach and are comfortable with qualitative and quantitative analysis.</li>
<li data-renderer-start-pos="2855" data-local-id="6cd65ad64a57"><strong data-renderer-mark="true">High agency:</strong> We’re after people who aren’t afraid of a challenge and will take ownership of problems they come across and help to resolve them and adapt to a constantly changing environment.&nbsp;</li>
<li data-renderer-start-pos="3050" data-local-id="92412e55e704"><strong data-renderer-mark="true">Collaborative leaders:</strong> Product roles bring responsibility without direct authority. We’re looking for leaders who can motivate and earn the trust of stakeholders and teams with a collaborative approach.</li>
</ul>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="3256" data-local-id="627485cfc2c7">We don’t expect you to meet every requirement. If you’re excited by this role, we encourage you to apply.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Base salary range:</strong> £82,400 - £123,600</p>
<p>Base salary ranges are based on role, job level, location, and market data.&nbsp; Please note that whilst we strive to offer competitive compensation, our approach is to pay between the <span style="text-decoration: underline;">minimum and the mid-point</span> of the pay range until performance can be assessed in role. Offers will take into account level of experience, interview assessment, budgets and parity between you and fellow employees at GoCardless doing similar work.</p><div class="content-conclusion"><h3><strong>The Good Stuff!</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li><strong>Wellbeing</strong>: Dedicated support and medical cover to keep you healthy.</li>
<li><strong>Work Away Scheme</strong>: Work from anywhere for up to 90 days in any 12-month period.</li>
<li><strong>Hybrid Working</strong>: Our hybrid model offers flexibility, with in-office days determined by your team.</li>
<li><strong>Equity</strong>: All permanently employed GeeCees get equity to share in our success.</li>
<li><strong>Parental leave</strong>: Tailored leave to support your life's great adventure.</li>
<li data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><strong data-stringify-type="bold">Time off:</strong>&nbsp;Annual holiday leave based on your location, supplemented by 3 volunteer days and 4 wellness days.</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>Life at GoCardless </strong></h3>
<p>We're an organisation defined by our&nbsp;<a class="c-link" href="https://gocardless.com/g/values-operating-principles/" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://gocardless.com/g/values-operating-principles/" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">values</a>; We <strong>start with why</strong> before we begin any project, to ensure it’s aligned with our mission. We <strong>make it happen</strong>, working with urgency and taking personal accountability for getting things done. We <strong>act with integrity</strong>, always. We <strong>care deeply</strong> about what we do and we know it's essential that we <strong>be humble</strong> whilst we do it. Our Values form part of the GoCardless DNA, and are used to not only help us nurture and develop our culture, but to deliver impactful work that will help us to achieve our vision.</p>
<h3><strong>Diversity &amp; Inclusion</strong></h3>
<p>We’re building the <strong>payment network of the future</strong>, and to achieve our goal, we need a <strong>diverse team</strong> with a range of perspectives and experiences. As of July 2024, here’s where we stand:</p>
<ul>
<li>45% identify as women&nbsp;</li>
<li>23% identify as Black, Asian, Mixed, or Other&nbsp;</li>
<li>10% identify as LGBTQIA+&nbsp;</li>
<li>9% identify as neurodiverse&nbsp;</li>
<li>2% identify as disabled&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p>If you want to learn more, you can read about our Employee Resource Groups and objectives <a href="https://gocardless.com/about/diversity-inclusion/">here</a> as well as our latest<a href="https://gocardless.com/assets/40w0m41bmydz/3hqJy4SUqZqW3BmBHlESUe/d1c7932b97b8a8ebcd0fb07418432fe9/GoCardless\_Diversity\_\_\_Inclusion\_Report\_2022.pdf"> </a><a href="https://assets.ctfassets.net/40w0m41bmydz/zGxwfm2rTwqXV4bwOMODR/8c303a244c90e49c9fa7c2ede11cf1e6/GoCardless\_Diversity\_and\_Inclusion\_Report\_20230731\_\_1\_.pdf" target="\_blank">D&amp;I Report</a><strong>&nbsp;</strong></p>
<h3><strong>Sustainability at GoCardless</strong></h3>
<p>We’re committed to reducing our&nbsp;<strong>environmental impact</strong> and leaving a sustainable world for future generations. As co-founders of the <strong>Tech Zero coalition</strong>, we’re working towards a <strong>climate-positive future</strong>. Check out our sustainability<a href="https://gocardless.com/sustainability/" target="\_blank"> action plan</a> here.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Find out more about Life at GoCardless via <a href="https://x.com/gocardless" target="\_blank">X</a>,<a href="http://instagram.com/lifeatgocardless" target="\_blank"> Instagram</a> and<a href="http://linkedin.com/company/gocardless" target="\_blank"> LinkedIn</a>.&nbsp;</strong></p></div>