<div class="content-intro"><p>ZoomInfo is where careers accelerate. We move fast, think boldly, and empower you to do the best work of your life. You’ll be surrounded by teammates who care deeply, challenge each other, and celebrate wins. With tools that amplify your impact and a culture that backs your ambition, you won’t just contribute. You’ll make things happen–fast.</p></div><p>Join our dynamic team as a <strong>New Business Account Executive </strong>supporting our SMB segment&nbsp;and embark on an exciting journey of driving success for high-growth businesses. ZoomInfo boasts a diverse clientele, from established Fortune 500 leaders, to nimble high-growth startups. As a key player in the growth of these companies, you'll utilize a consultative approach to identify challenges, showcasing our innovative products as strategic solutions.</p>
<p>Our team takes a multi-tier approach to bringing on new clients.&nbsp;<strong>New Business Account Executives</strong>&nbsp;are supported by a strong qualified inbound lead pool. They partner with Sales Development Representatives to help them infiltrate target accounts, but they also create their own key opportunities through prospecting.</p>
<p><em>This is a hybrid role working three days per week from our office in Shoreditch, must be within 45 miles of Techspace Shoreditch South, 32-38 Scrutton Street, London, EC2A 4RQ.</em></p>
<p><strong>What You'll Do:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Exceed revenue quotas by generating new business opportunities.</li>
<li>Launch outbound motions and create impactful meetings.</li>
<li>Support customer requests during the pre-sale, from demos to legal and security reviews.</li>
<li>Harness referrals and existing relationships to uncover new business prospects.</li>
<li>Conduct product demos and customer training calls with Enablement teams.</li>
<li>Drive accurate forecasts, pipelines, and weekly reports on new business opportunities.</li>
<li>Share valuable client feedback with Engineering, Product, and Development teams for ongoing innovation.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>What You Bring:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>2+ years of sales experience, including minimum of 1 year of running demos and closing deals.</li>
<li>Ability to sell in a high velocity sales model - experience with short sales cycles in a transactional sales environment.</li>
<li>Familiarity with Salesforce or other CRM tools (preferred).</li>
<li>Self-starter mentality, capable of steering deals from inception to close independently.</li>
<li>Sales training certification (a definite plus).</li>
<li>The ability to be practical, empathetic, autonomous, and flexible.</li>
</ul>
<p>Ready to revolutionize the way businesses go to market? Apply now and be a driving force in shaping success for our clients and your career!</p>
<p>#LI-Hybrid</p>
<p>#LI-DB</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>About us:</strong>&nbsp;</p>
<p>ZoomInfo (NASDAQ: GTM) is the Go-To-Market Intelligence Platform that empowers businesses to grow faster with AI-ready insights, trusted data, and advanced automation. Its solutions provide more than 35,000 companies worldwide with a complete view of their customers, making every seller their best seller.</p>
<p>ZoomInfo is committed to protecting your privacy when you apply for jobs with us. Please review our Job Applicant <a href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1yiG-k0YX\_sW10PiJk\_xliDc3W-veJCrK/view?usp=drive\_link">Privacy Notice</a> for more details on how we handle your personal information.</p>
<p>ZoomInfo may use a software-based assessment as part of the recruitment process. More information about this tool, including the results of the most recent bias audit, is available <a href="https://www.zoominfo.com/legal/nyc-local-law-144-notice">here</a>.</p>
<p>ZoomInfo is proud to be an equal opportunity employer, hiring based on qualifications, merit, and business needs, and does not discriminate based on protected status. We welcome all applicants and are committed to providing equal employment opportunities regardless of sex, race, age, color, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, disability status, religion, protected military or veteran status, medical condition, or any other characteristic protected by applicable law. We also consider qualified candidates with criminal histories in accordance with legal requirements.</p>
<p>For Massachusetts Applicants: It is unlawful in Massachusetts to require or administer a lie detector test as a condition of employment or continued employment. An employer who violates this law shall be subject to criminal penalties and civil liability. ZoomInfo does not administer lie detector tests to applicants in any location.</p></div>