<p><strong>This is Adyen</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Adyen provides payments, data, and financial products in a single solution for customers like Meta, Uber, H&amp;M, and Microsoft - making us the financial technology platform of choice. At Adyen, everything we do is engineered for ambition.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">For our teams, we create an environment with opportunities for our people to succeed, backed by the culture and support to ensure they are enabled to truly own their careers. We are motivated individuals who tackle unique technical challenges at scale and solve them as a team. Together, we deliver innovative and ethical solutions that help businesses achieve their ambitions faster.</span></p>
<p><strong>Implementation Engineer</strong></p>
<p>Adyen is looking for an Implementation Engineer to help our prospective, and existing merchants integrate or enhance existing integrations. This position requires a technical background and a commercial mindset when supporting merchants in designing potential solutions for accepting payments.</p>
<p><strong>What you’ll do</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Utilize development and programming expertise to create scalable and robust solutions for merchant integrations, while ensuring adherence to payment best practices.</li>
<li>Serve as a consultative partner in specific verticals such as e-commerce, point of sale, and multi-faceted platforms, guiding merchants through integration processes.</li>
<li>Collaborate cross-functionally with Sales, Account Managers, Product, and Engineering teams to deliver seamless merchant experiences and drive continuous improvements.</li>
<li>Leverage project management and technical consulting skills to oversee high-quality project delivery, guaranteeing the technical integrity of merchant integrations.</li>
<li>Provide consultation on optimizing payment solutions, including checkout experiences, authentication, omni-channel payments, and platform onboarding, while collaborating with Developers and Product Managers to enhance the platform.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>&nbsp;Who you are</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><strong>Analytical skills: </strong>Able to come up with and communicate very pragmatic and practical solutions to complex integration problems.</li>
<li><strong>Problem solving: </strong>You’ve had 4+ years of experience in environments rich in uncertainty and you show a resulting track record of successfully dealing with ambiguity.</li>
<li><strong>Knowledge: </strong>Having a good understanding of various areas of IT software to architecture and network, combined with experience with Web APIs and software development internet technologies and knowledge of technical processes (e.g. SQL / HTML / JavaScript / PHP / Java / scripting). A good understanding of the payments industry will help you excel in this position.</li>
<li><strong>Communication: </strong>You enjoy communicating with people at a variety of levels across different business areas of our merchants, in a concise manner, whilst having a good commercial impact awareness of your conversations.</li>
<li><strong>Self-motivated: </strong>You are committed and have demonstrated an ability to maintain high levels of productivity with minimal supervision. You make quick informed decisions under pressure and prioritize appropriately based on urgency, necessity, and both internal and external requests.</li>
<li><strong>Language: </strong>Fluent in English and Mandarin. Any additional language capability is a bonus.</li>
<li><strong>Location: </strong>Based in Shanghai, with opportunities to travel across Asia and beyond to assist our merchants and interface with other global offices.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Our Diversity, Equity and Inclusion commitments&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Our unique approach is a product of our diverse perspectives. This diversity of backgrounds and cultures is essential in helping us maintain our momentum. Our business and technical challenges are unique, and we need as many different voices as possible to join us in solving them - voices like yours. No matter who you are or where you’re from, we welcome you to be your true self at Adyen.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Studies show that women and members of underrepresented communities apply for jobs only if they meet 100% of the qualifications. Does this sound like you? If so, Adyen encourages you to reconsider and apply. We look forward to your application!</span></p>
<p><strong>What’s next?</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Ensuring a smooth and enjoyable candidate experience is critical for us. We aim to get back to you regarding your application within 5 business days. Our interview process tends to take about 4 weeks to complete, but may fluctuate depending on the role. </span><a href="https://careers.adyen.com/how-we-hire"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Learn more about our hiring process here</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;">. Don’t be afraid to let us know if you need more flexibility.</span></p>
<p>This role is based out of our Shanghai office. We are an office-first company and value in-person collaboration; we do not offer remote-only roles.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>