<p><strong>Start date:</strong> Immediate start &amp; Summer start&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>About this role</strong></p>
<p>The Research Compliance team is a dynamic and innovative function which enables the expansion of our fastest-growing business segments globally. As the Research Compliance Associate you will report into the Research Compliance Manager based in London and work alongside the Research teams to enable a safe end-to-end delivery of our Research products. You will also collaborate with the Legal and Client Protection teams, as well as a number of other stakeholders across the business. Your responsibilities include:<strong>&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Review expert profiles and project requirements for the delivery of expert knowledge to our clients by the Research team</li>
<li>Format, proofread, and screen written output (transcripts) specifically to ensure that all information complies with&nbsp; AlphaSights’ legal and compliance policies and applicable regulatory requirements</li>
<li>Work with the Research team and other stakeholders across the business to resolve any compliance flags&nbsp;&nbsp;</li>
<li>Provide legal and compliance training to the Research team and other stakeholders</li>
<li>Draft and maintain compliance policies for our Research services</li>
</ul>
<p>We will provide you with autonomy and independence in your day-to-day work and give you the opportunity to be a self-starter. This is an ideal role for someone who’s keen to gain compliance, legal, and operations experience while having direct access to the commercial and organizational workings of a dynamic, innovative global business. We are looking for a person who wants to join our high-performance team, have real impact and be part of AlphaSights’ growth story. Here are some qualities that many of our successful applicants possess:&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>Fantastic proofreading experience and acute attention to detail</li>
<li>Ability to effectively prioritize tasks, manage time, remain highly organized and swiftly execute within a fast-paced environment</li>
<li>Persistence, drive, and a goal-focused mindset as you own projects from initiation to completion</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Requirements</strong></p>
<ul>
<li class="p1">Bachelor's degree, with strong academic credentials in any field and noteworthy extracurricular leadership</li>
<li class="p1">0-1 year of work experience as a Compliance Associate, Legal Assistant, Paralegal, or similar roles. Recent graduates with high potential are also welcomed</li>
<li class="p1">Track record of strong academic performance (minimum 2:1)&nbsp;</li>
<li class="p1">Extracurricular achievement throughout school and university</li>
<li class="p1">Fluency in written and spoken English is essential. Fluency in a relevant foreign language is a plus</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Career Progression</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><strong>Years 0–2:</strong> Our <strong>Research Compliance Associates</strong> are responsible for reviewing research to ensure it aligns with our legal and compliance framework and upholds company standards. They are dedicated to maintaining core compliance principles and ensuring all research meets AlphaSights’ and clients' expectations.</li>
<li><strong>Years 2+:</strong> As a <strong>Senior Research Compliance Associate</strong>, you’ll take ownership of key compliance initiatives while leading and mentoring team members to drive excellence.</li>
<li><strong>Years 3+:</strong> <strong>Research Compliance Managers</strong> oversee the compliance programme of the region, build and manage high performing teams independently, and drive innovations in our processes, policies and products.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Compensation and benefits</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Competitive fixed annual base salary, plus opportunity to earn performance based bonus</li>
<li>4% matched pension contribution on qualified earnings</li>
<li>Comprehensive private health insurance coverage and dental insurance</li>
<li>25 vacation days, 8 bank holidays, and business closure over the Christmas break.</li>
<li>In office Monday to Thursday (option to WFH each Friday)</li>
<li>State-of-the-art office with amenities in the City of London</li>
</ul>
<p>AlphaSights is an equal-opportunity employer.</p>
<p>#LI-GF1</p>