<h3><strong>Who We Are</strong></h3>
<p><strong><br></strong><strong>About Stripe </strong><br><br>Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies—from the world’s largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyone’s reach while doing the most important work of your career.</p>
<h3><strong>About the team</strong></h3>
<p>As a Sales Development Manager at Stripe, you will drive Stripe’s future growth engine by leading a team of inbound and/or outbound SDRs. You will be working with the Stripe’s Sales teams to build Stripe’s sales pipeline. As a Sales Development manager, you’ll lead and coach a group of high-performing SDRs, helping them deliver on ambitious targets, as well as roll up your sleeves to work directly with the team. We are looking for a self-starter who has demonstrated success dealing with ambiguity, operating in a high-growth environment, and solving problems with limited oversight. Ideal candidates will have management experience scaling a technology Sales Development team and superior communication skills.<br><br>We take a data-driven, analytical approach to Sales Development, and are looking for someone who enjoys building – who will actively participate in the development of sales processes, the articulation of Stripe’s value proposition, and the creation of key tools and assets to measure success. Stripe is not a typical company, and this is not a typical sales development function. If you’re hungry, smart, persistent, and a great teammate, we want to hear from you!&nbsp;&nbsp;</p>
<h2><strong>What you’ll do</strong></h2>
<h3><strong>Responsibilities</strong></h3>
<p>This role requires a blend of long-range strategic vision and high-leverage execution</p>
<h3><strong>You Will:</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Define and execute the strategic vision for our SMB, Commercial segments as well as Inbound , carrying accountability for delivering pipeline quality and productivity growth</li>
<li>Managing 5 teams and 45 SDR's. Reporting the Head of EMEA.&nbsp;&nbsp;
<div class="⚙ ⚙1o46n01">
<div class="⚙ rs-0 as-7j as-5b as-6 as-41 as-42 ⚙yw7ds1">
<div class="⚙ rs-0 as-6 as-5y as-5z as-60 as-n as-9 as-l as-2y ⚙14n8h1m">
<div class="⚙ as-2y ⚙g3ff1m">
<section id="react-aria3082350579-:r4c:" class="⚙ as-2s as-6c as-6d as-6e as-2a as-w as-6f as-6g as-6h as-3d as-6i ⚙1oulvpv">
<div class="⚙ as-6j as-6k as-6l ⚙j608ze">
<div class="⚙ rs-1 rs-0 as-2r as-6 as-9 ⚙3v72f1">&nbsp;</div>
</div>
</section>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div id="fake-chat-end-div"></div>
</li>
<li>Drive long-range planning and business impact, influencing results over the next 6–24 months, while preparing the organization to scale sustainably over 2–3+ years.</li>
<li>Design and evolve organizational structures, developing and mentoring managers who in turn build healthy, high-performing teams, while ensuring succession plans and resources are in place.</li>
<li>Act as a trusted partner to regional segment leadership, consistently bringing market knowledge, insights, and credibility that shape future growth strategies.</li>
<li>Deliver accurate and reliable forecasting, proactively identifying trends, risks, and opportunities while driving cross-functional changes to sustain multi-quarter growth.</li>
<li>Champion operational excellence, ensuring Salesforce hygiene, data integrity, and innovative metrics that optimize business performance and enable scale.</li>
<li>Build and deepen cross-functional partnerships with Marketing, Sales Ops, Enablement, and Product Marketing to design and execute regional campaigns and strategies.</li>
<li>Play an active role in attracting and retaining top talent, while coaching and mentoring managers and SDRs to develop consultative, solution-oriented skills.</li>
<li>Inspire career growth for team members by identifying transformational development opportunities and preparing future leaders for broader impact.</li>
<li>Lead with innovation, curiosity, and discipline, piloting new processes, tools, and playbooks that refine how SDR teams forecast, execute, and deliver business outcomes.<br><br></li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>We’re Looking for Someone Who Has:</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>5+ years of experience leading high-performance Sales Development, Inside Sales, or lead qualification teams, including managing managers, with a proven record of consistently exceeding targets.</li>
<li>Demonstrated success designing and scaling organizations in high-growth, ambiguous environments, ideally within technology or SaaS.</li>
<li>Strong strategic planning skills, with the ability to shape 6–24 month outcomes while preparing the business for long-term growth.</li>
<li>Exceptional cross-functional influence, with a track record of driving alignment and results across Sales, Marketing, Product, and Operations.</li>
<li>Expertise in operational excellence, including Salesforce discipline, data integrity, accurate forecasting, and performance metrics.</li>
<li>A strong analytical mindset with the ability to leverage data to inform decisions, optimize processes, and track impact.</li>
<li>A passion for building AI-enabled processes and cultures, with curiosity to pilot new technologies that enhance SDR productivity and pipeline generation.</li>
<li>Proven ability to hire, coach, and develop managers and SDRs into future leaders, fostering a culture of growth and performance.</li>
<li>Genuine passion for innovation, start-ups, and technology, with a bias toward experimentation and continuous improvement.</li>
<li>Fluency in English; additional European languages strongly preferred.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>