Metabase is the easiest way for people to get insights from their data, from tiny startups who get up and running quickly to major corporations with tens of thousands of users. That's why people [love us](https://www.metabase.com/love).

We bring data tools with the elegance and simplicity of consumer products to the crufty world of enterprise business intelligence. We provide an opinionated open source starting point for how companies should measure, analyze and share their data, which is used by tens of thousands of companies.

We built Metabase because existing tools for business intelligence didn’t feel like things we wanted to use. We wanted faster, simpler ways to ask questions about data, and wanted to strip away the colder feel of most Enterprise software. Folks seemed to agree, and now Metabase is used daily by tens of thousands of companies to give people in all sorts of roles access to insights they wouldn’t have otherwise had. None of this could happen without our user interface and that’s where you come in. We’re looking for someone with strong product sensibilities, extraordinarily good frontend skills, and solid software engineering fundamentals to join our team to advance the state of the art in our product and our industry.

We are hiring for **multiple frontend software engineer positions.**

## Why choose Metabase

- The problems we face are genuinely interesting and aren’t trivial. Data influences so much of our world but isn’t that easy to interact with or understand. You’ll make tools that people rely on for their real jobs.
- You’ll get to work in open source and get feedback directly from users and customers out in the open.
- The company is growing and so is the business. We’re adding new remote team members from around the world and improving our processes. It’s an exciting time and you can really have an impact on how things work here.
- We’ve tried to design our work environment to fit into real life. Work is only one part of who you are, so we emphasize reasonable workdays and prefer planning and avoiding panic. People at Metabase have families, dogs, plants, and lives outside of work and we try to support that however we can.

## What we're looking for

- **You care about crafting delightful user experiences**. You like to write code to enable people to do something and you understand that details and things like copy matter. If your focus is only on code this might not be the best role for you.
- **Prior experience shipping non-trivial apps using React + Redux (or equivalent)**. Our front end is written in React (surprise!), so you’ll need really strong React and JavaScript knowledge to build fast and thoughtful user interfaces.
- You have experience **writing tests, giving good feedback on other people’s code**, and writing proposals for more complicated problems that are thoughtful and clear. As we’re a remote company (even outside of pandemics) **communication and clarity are really important**[.](http://important.Due)
- Due to the nature of what we work on, computer science-y problems come up frequently. We’re not picky about a specific degree or accolade, but you’ll be expected to **write fast and performant code** and deal with a fair bit of **data structure manipulation** regularly.
- We like everyone to care about the nuts and bolts of how to make things look good, so you’ll be expected to use our style guide and if necessary write or update our CSS, **so comfort in CSS and familiarity with things like design systems and component libraries is a necessity**[.](http://necessity.You)
- You’ve worked on a large and complex JavaScript project. Metabase is a big product and code base so the **ability to adapt existing code and integrate new code into established systems** is important and you should feel comfortable digging in.

## Not essential, but nice to have

- Knowledge and prior experience with data visualization (especially if it has involved dc.js and d3.js).
- Previous contributions to open source (not a requirement, but a huge plus).
- Either pre-existing knowledge or interest in learning some Clojure, the language much of the backend of our application is written in.

## The types of problems you'd get to work on

- Lightning fast interaction with data. Think things like letting people see all the orders that came in from a specific region by clicking directly on a custom map of their sales regions and then letting them filter that list visually by directly interacting with the data table - and all of this happening in a responsive and delightful way.
- Augmenting visualizations. To allow for people to further institutional knowledge, build the feature to allow annotations directly on specific data points in a line chart, and then determine how to expose those when it makes sense across dashboards and the entire app.
- Wayfinding. We want to make sure people don’t have to do work that’s already been done, so build new ways to surface important metrics or segments to the right users across Metabase.
- Embedded analytics. We have customers who deliver analytics to their own users via our embed product. You’d get to tackle the problem of making sure those can match their own products visually and enable easier integration of the embeds into their own code.

We're a global team (50% outside the US), fully distributed (from Thailand to California), who get things done asynchronously, with plenty of uninterrupted time, supporting each other to do the best work of our careers. We offer flexibility (define your own schedule and work from wherever you want), autonomy, and an environment that fosters growth, learning, and development. We're relentlessly user-focused and believe in building long-term value, not short-term hacks. And we raised a $30M Series B to take our approach to the next level for years to come.

For U.S. applicants: Metabase participates in the federal E-Verify program, which confirms employment authorization of newly hired U.S. based employees. E-Verify is not used as a tool to pre-screen candidates and is only initiated upon hire.

[E-Verify Participation Notice](https://www.e-verify.gov/sites/default/files/everify/posters/EVerifyParticipationPoster.pdf) (English/Spanish)

[Right to Work Notice](https://www.e-verify.gov/sites/default/files/everify/posters/IER_RightToWorkPoster%20Eng_Es.pdf) (English/Spanish)