<p>Canonical is a leading provider of open source software and operating systems to the global enterprise and technology markets. Our platform, Ubuntu, is very widely used in breakthrough enterprise initiatives such as public cloud, data science, AI, engineering innovation and IoT. Our customers include the world's leading public cloud and silicon providers, and industry leaders in many sectors. The company is a pioneer of global distributed collaboration, with 1200+ colleagues in 75+ countries and very few office-based roles. Teams meet two to four times yearly in person, in interesting locations around the world, to align on strategy and execution.</p>
<p>The company is founder-led, profitable, and growing.</p>
<p>Canonical’s Partner Engineering Team is looking for open-source enthusiasts to work across the full Linux stack to ensure new silicon technologies, such as new hardware accelerators, AI stacks, confidential computing, networking, virtualization, and containerization stacks, are optimized for new silicons.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Partner Engineering works closely with worldwide silicon companies to optimize Ubuntu for their new silicon, from x86, ARM, RISC-V, PowerPC and s390x architectures.&nbsp;&nbsp;</p>
<p>Location: This is a Globally remote role</p>
<h2>The role entails</h2>
<ul>
<li>Collaborating proactively within a distributed team</li>
<li>Fostering a software ecosystem with seamless user experience for all Ubuntu users</li>
<li>Evaluating contributions of other engineers to maintain high-quality software standards.</li>
<li>Playing a role in shaping the future of Ubuntu via both - new ideas in your areas of interest and advising on work being done elsewhere</li>
<li>Collaborating with other teams in the Ubuntu and Debian communities, with upstream projects, and commercially supported customers</li>
<li>Debugging issues on open source code and team maintained code.</li>
<li>Helping our our customers to integrate their apps, SDKs, build OS images, optimize applications with Ubuntu Core, Desktop and Server</li>
<li>Working with a team to maintain Ubuntu, silicon features, and silicon-optimized packages across platforms and technologies such as:</li>
<ul>
<li>Servers, HPC and AI systems, IoT devices, PCs, SmartNICs and automotive systems</li>
<li>AI stacks</li>
<li>Graphics, audio and multimedia stacks</li>
<li>Virtualisation and Containers</li>
<li>Hardware enablement stacks</li>
<li>New architectures, architecture variants and optimized toolchains&nbsp;</li>
<li>Package management and dependencies</li>
<li>Platform security (secure boot, FDE, Ubuntu Core, Confidential Computing)</li>
</ul>
<li>Work from home with global travel 2 to 4 weeks for internal events</li>
</ul>
<h2>What we are looking for in you</h2>
<ul>
<li>Exceptional academic track record from both high school and university</li>
<li>Undergraduate degree in a technical subject or a compelling narrative about your alternative chosen path</li>
<li>You love technology and working with brilliant people</li>
<li>You are curious, flexible, articulate, and accountable</li>
<li>You value soft skills and are passionate, enterprising, thoughtful, and self-motivated</li>
<li>You value building partnerships with a diverse set of internal and external groups</li>
<li>Strong fundamentals in C, C++ and Python</li>
<li>Experience or interest in learning Linux distribution packaging&nbsp;</li>
<li>Experience or Interest in open source maintenance or contribution and licenses</li>
<li>Fundamental understanding of package management and dependency resolution</li>
</ul>
<h2>Additional skills that you might also bring</h2>
<ul>
<li>Experience with one or more of the following:</li>
<ul>
<li>Graphics, audio, or multimedia stacks</li>
<li>Virtualization and containers (Docker, OCI, Kubernetes)</li>
<li>Hardware enablement for platforms and devices, including SmartNICs, NVMe storage, GPUs, audio components, and sensors</li>
<li>Performance optimization</li>
<li>Toolchain development and maintenance</li>
<li>Networking protocols and technologies (TCP/IP, DHCP, HTTP/REST)</li>
<li>Security best practices</li>
<li>IoT and embedded systems, including board-level hardware, SoCs, BMCs, bootloaders, firmware, operating systems, applications, and services</li>
</ul>
</ul>
<h2>What we offer colleagues</h2>
<p>We consider geographical location, experience, and performance in shaping compensation worldwide. We revisit compensation annually (and more often for graduates and associates) to ensure we recognize outstanding performance. In addition to base pay, we offer a performance-driven annual bonus or commission. We provide all team members with additional benefits which reflect our values and ideals. We balance our programs to meet local needs and ensure fairness globally.</p>
<ul>
<li>Distributed work environment with twice-yearly team sprints in person</li>
<li>Personal learning and development budget of USD 2,000 per year</li>
<li>Annual compensation review</li>
<li>Recognition rewards</li>
<li>Annual holiday leave</li>
<li>Maternity and paternity leave</li>
<li>Team Member Assistance Program &amp; Wellness Platform</li>
<li>Opportunity to travel to new locations to meet colleagues</li>
<li>Priority Pass and travel upgrades for long-haul company events</li>
</ul>
<h2>About Canonical</h2>
<p>Canonical is a pioneering tech firm that is at the forefront of the global move to open source. As the company that publishes Ubuntu, one of the most important open source projects and the platform for AI, IoT and the cloud, we are changing the world on a daily basis. We recruit on a global basis and set a very high standard for people joining the company. We expect excellence - in order to succeed, we need to be the best at what we do. Canonical has been a remote-first company since its inception in 2004.​ Working here is a step into the future, and will challenge you to think differently, work smarter, learn new skills, and raise your game.&nbsp;</p>
<h2>Canonical is an equal opportunity employer</h2>
<p>We are proud to foster a workplace free from discrimination. Diversity of experience, perspectives, and background create a better work environment and better products.<a href="https://canonical.com/careers/diversity/identity"> Whatever your identity, we will give your application fair consideration.</a></p>
<p>#LI-remote&nbsp;</p>