<div class="content-intro"><p>Intercom is the AI Customer Service company on a mission to help businesses provide incredible customer experiences.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Our AI agent Fin, the most advanced customer service AI agent on the market, lets businesses deliver always-on, impeccable customer service and ultimately transform their customer experiences for the better. Fin can also be combined with our Helpdesk to become a complete solution called the Intercom Customer Service Suite, which provides AI enhanced support for the more complex or high touch queries that require a human agent.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Founded in 2011 and trusted by nearly 30,000 global businesses, Intercom is setting the new standard for customer service. Driven by our core values, we push boundaries, build with speed and intensity, and consistently deliver incredible value to our customers.</p></div><h2>What's the opportunity?&nbsp;</h2>
<p>As a Mid-Market Account Executive, you will be a key member of the team leading the growth of our new business. We’re building a world-class sales organization, and the road ahead is going to be very exciting.&nbsp;</p>
<p>At Intercom, we are striving to do sales differently. We are asking our customers to put Intercom at the core of their businesses, and we can only do this by putting them at the core of ours. We strongly believe in the overall growth and continued development of each new hire. In joining the Account Executive team at Intercom, you join a community that believes in development and promotion from within. As a rapidly expanding business, there is a high degree of opportunity for progression, creativity, and ownership.</p>
<h2>What will I be doing?&nbsp;</h2>
<ul>
<li>Evangelize our product by spearheading the growth and adoption of Intercom across our Mid-Market segment</li>
<li>Manage the full sales cycle for Intercom’s Mid Market customers, from prospecting to close, through a consultative sales approach</li>
<li>Provide timely and accurate forecasts and clear visibility on revenue performance</li>
<li>Maintain up-to-date knowledge of our evolving products and processes</li>
<li>Create your own demonstrations, tailored to client needs</li>
<li>Engage in team development and mentoring</li>
<li>Represent the voice of the customer to cross-functional partners, including Marketing and Product</li>
<li>Contribute to the overall growth of the global Enterprise business, pioneering new best practices and driving projects to up level the team</li>
</ul>
<h2>What skills do I need?&nbsp;</h2>
<ul>
<li>5+ years experience as an Account Executive</li>
<li>3+ years of SaaS experience selling similar products</li>
<li>Strong sales instincts and track record hitting and exceeding quota</li>
<li>Exceptional written and verbal communication</li>
<li>Fluent German (Business Level)&nbsp;</li>
<li>Comfortable and energized operating and problem-solving in a fast-moving organization, working inbound and outbound opportunities across a range of industries and company sizes</li>
<li>Ability to close net new business in a competitive landscape</li>
<li>Exhibits a growth mindset, intellectual curiosity, and ambition</li>
</ul>
<h2>Benefits&nbsp;</h2>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We are a well-treated bunch, with awesome benefits! If there’s something important to you that’s not on this list, talk to us!&nbsp;</span></p>
<ul>
<li>Competitive salary and equity in a fast-growing start-up</li>
<li>We serve lunch every weekday, plus a variety of snack foods and a fully stocked kitchen</li>
<li>Regular compensation reviews - we reward great work!</li>
<li>Pension scheme &amp; match up to 4%</li>
<li>Peace of mind with life assurance, as well as comprehensive health and dental insurance for you and your dependents</li>
<li>Flexible paid time off policy</li>
<li>Paid maternity leave, as well as 6 weeks paternity leave for fathers, to let you spend valuable time with your loved ones</li>
<li>If you’re cycling, we’ve got you covered on the Cycle-to-Work Scheme. With secure bike storage too&nbsp;</li>
<li>MacBooks are our standard, but we also offer Windows for certain roles when needed.</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>Policies&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>Intercom has a hybrid working policy. We believe that working in person helps us stay connected, collaborate easier and create a great culture while still providing flexibility to work from home. We expect employees to be in the office at least three days per week.</p>
<p>We have a radically open and accepting culture at Intercom. We avoid spending time on divisive subjects to foster a safe and cohesive work environment for everyone. As an organization, our policy is to not advocate on behalf of the company or our employees on any social or political topics out of our internal or external communications. We respect personal opinion and expression on these topics on personal social platforms on personal time, and do not challenge or confront anyone for their views on non-work related topics. Our goal is to focus on doing incredible work to achieve our goals and unite the company through our <a href="https://www.intercom.com/careers">core values</a>.&nbsp;&nbsp;</p>
<p>Intercom values diversity and is committed to a policy of Equal Employment Opportunity. Intercom will not discriminate against an applicant or employee on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, national origin, ancestry, sex, gender, age, physical or mental disability, veteran or military status, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, marital status, or any other legally recognized protected basis under federal, state, or local law.</p></div>