<div class="content-intro"><p>Fastly helps people stay better connected with the things they love. Fastly’s edge cloud platform enables customers to create great digital experiences quickly, securely, and reliably by processing, serving, and securing our customers’ applications as close to their end-users as possible — at the edge of the Internet. The platform is designed to take advantage of the modern internet, to be programmable, and to support agile software development. Fastly’s customers include many of the world’s most prominent companies, including GitHub, Yelp, Paramount, and JetBlue.</p>
<p>We're building a more trustworthy Internet. Come join us.</p></div><h2>Senior Technical Support Engineer - Japanese Speaking</h2>
<p>Fastly’s goal of creating the best set of tools for people who scale the internet is rooted in great support. It's a core value, and something that shapes our culture. Fastly is looking for passionate support engineers to continue our high standard of support, as well as scale and improve our support systems as we grow.<br><br>Senior Support Engineers will have experience actively diagnosing and debugging customer tickets and will be technically curious; digging deep to find the answer to a tricky problem. Sr CSEs will be good communicators and will be able to handle customers in both positive and negative situations. They must be able to fully drive customers through the debugging process in confident control.&nbsp;<br><br>The ideal candidate should be a master of written voice, and have the technical curiosity and experience necessary to understand Fastly’s product from end to end. They’ll be working with our marketing, engineering, and sales teams on behalf of our customer base, so a passion for customer advocacy is essential. Also, no two support tickets at Fastly are alike, so support engineers will be dealing with a wide range of complex and rewarding problems on a daily basis. <br><br><strong>What You'll Do:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Manage customer CDN configurations over email and chat</li>
<li>Communicate customer needs and requirements with the engineering, product and sales teams</li>
<li>Contribute to our customer facing documentation when necessary</li>
<li>Contribute to the processes and policies that scale our support organization as we grow</li>
</ul>
<p><br><strong>What We're Looking For:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Recommended minimum of 2+ years of experience in customer support or sysadmin role</li>
<li>Strong communication skills in English and Japanese, and experience supporting customers via email, chat, ticketing system or by phone</li>
<li>Demonstrated understanding of one or more programming languages</li>
<li>Demonstrated understanding of Linux/ Unix environment</li>
<li>Ability to debug network and protocol using cURL, traceroute, nc or other network diagnostic tools</li>
</ul>
<p><br><strong>We’ll be super impressed if you have experience in any of these:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Previous experience in CDN, security, web performance, cloud environments</li>
<li>Demonstrated self-starter, showing curiosity and motivation&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p><br><strong>Work Hours:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>This position will require you to work Tuesday - Saturday.</li>
<li>This position will require you to take rotating weekend shifts every 4-6 weeks. During these shifts, work coverage is 1pm - 7pm AEST.</li>
</ul>
<p><br><strong>Work Location(s) &amp; Travel Requirements:</strong></p>
<p>This position is open to the following preferred location only:</p>
<ul>
<li>
<ul>
<li>Australia. This is a remote role.</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>Why Fastly?</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>
<p><strong>We have a huge impact.</strong>&nbsp;Fastly is a small company with a big reach. Not only do<a class="external-link" href="https://www.fastly.com/customers" target="\_blank">&nbsp;our customers</a>&nbsp;have a tremendous user base, but we also support a growing number of<a class="external-link" href="https://www.fastly.com/open-source/" target="\_blank">&nbsp;open source projects and initiatives</a>.&nbsp;Outside of code, employees are encouraged to share causes close to their heart with others so we can help lend a supportive hand.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p><strong>We value diversity.</strong>&nbsp;Growing and maintaining our inclusive and diverse team matters to us. We are committed to being a company where our employees feel comfortable bringing their authentic selves to work and have the ability to be successful -- every day.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p><strong>We are passionate.</strong>&nbsp;Fastly is chock full of passionate people and we’re not ‘one size fits all’. Fastly employs authors, pilots, skiers, parents (of humans and animals), makeup geeks, coffee connoisseurs, and more. We love employees for who they are and what they are passionate about.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>We’re always looking for humble, sharp, and creative folks to join the Fastly team. If you think you might be a fit please apply!</strong><strong> A fully completed application and resume or CV are required when applying.</strong></p>
<p><em>All job applications must be submitted through our official careers site at </em><a href="http://www.fastly.com/careers"><em>www.fastly.com/about/careers</em></a><em>. We will never request sensitive information, such as your Social Security number, bank account or credit card information during the application process. All official communication will come from an @</em><a href="http://fastly.com"><em>fastly.com</em></a><em> or @</em><a href="http://recruiting.fastly.com"><em>recruiting.fastly.com</em></a><em> email address. </em></p>
<p><em><span style="font-weight: 400;">Fastly is committed to ensuring equal employment opportunity and to providing employees with a safe and welcoming work environment free of discrimination and harassment. Our employment decisions are based on business needs, job requirements and individual qualifications.</span></em><em><span style="font-weight: 400;"> All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, family or parental status, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances.</span></em></p>
<p><em><span style="font-weight: 400;">Consistent with the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) and federal or state disability laws, Fastly will provide reasonable accommodations for applicants and employees with disabilities. If reasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and/or to receive other benefits and privileges of employment, please contact your Recruiter, or the Fastly Employee Relations team at </span></em><a href="mailto:candidateaccommodations@fastly.com"><em><span style="font-weight: 400;">candidateaccommodations@fastly.com</span></em></a><em><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or 501-287-4901.&nbsp; </span></em></p>
<p><em>Fastly collects and processes personal data submitted by job applicants in accordance with our<a class="external-link" href="https://www.fastly.com/privacy" target="\_blank">&nbsp;Privacy Policy</a>. Please see our<a class="external-link" href="https://www.fastly.com/privacy-job-applicants" target="\_blank">&nbsp;privacy notice for job applicants</a>.</em></p></div>