<div class="content-intro"><h2><span data-sheets-root="1">About Wolt</span></h2>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">At Wolt, we create technology that brings joy, simplicity and earnings to the neighborhoods of the world. In 2014 we started with delivery of restaurant food. Now we’re building the delivery of (almost) everything and you’ll find us in over 500 cities in 30 countries around the world. In 2022 we joined forces with DoorDash and together we keep on dreaming big and expanding across the globe.<br><br>Working at Wolt isn’t always easy, but it’s definitely exciting. Here you’ll learn more, build more, and ship more than in most other companies. You’ll be challenged a lot, but also have a lot of fun on the way. So, if you’re a self-starter with drive and entrepreneurial spirit, this could be the ride of your life.</span></p></div><p>At Wolt, you can grow your sales career with a fun and fast-scaling global business. Part of the DoorDash team, we’re building a global logistics platform that can deliver (almost) everything in your city, to your door in minutes. Today, our products are used by 55+ million registered users who can now order from 200,000+ restaurants and retail stores across 30+ countries around the world.</p>
<p>Our Sales teams create and build our relationships with merchants. Together, we’ve helped big brands, local stores and neighborhood restaurants do over €15 billion’s worth of business through our platform. We’re constantly launching new cities and products, so there are always new opportunities to expand your skills and progress your career.&nbsp;</p>
<h2>What you’ll be doing</h2>
<p>As we are growing rapidly, we're looking for a Key Account Manager to provide world-class account management and support to a portfolio of our key restaurant partners. This will be a mix of independent strategically important eateries and larger chains, so there’ll be a variety of queries to answer and problems to solve as well as deals to negotiate and close!</p>
<p>You’ll work closely with your partners to improve their performance, introduce relevant products, and support them in their day-to-day operations. This is a role that combines commercial thinking, data-driven decisions, and direct collaboration with partners.</p>
<h3><strong>Day-to-day in this role you’ll:</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>We’re looking for someone who knows how to build great partnerships and drive real growth. Here’s what your day-to-day might look like:</li>
<li>Close deals with key restaurant partners—structuring, negotiating and onboarding with care.</li>
<li>Drive adoption of Wolt products and services.</li>
<li>Grow relationships with existing partners by understanding their needs and helping them thrive.</li>
<li>Boost performance with regular check-ins, data insights, and quality reviews.</li>
<li>Own the partner journey after onboarding, acting as the main point of contact.</li>
<li>Collaborate cross-functionally—especially with ops, marketing, and sales—to plan campaigns, solve challenges, and build business cases that create value for partners.</li>
<li>Analyze the market and keep an eye on competitors to stay ahead.</li>
<li>Use data smartly to focus your energy where it makes the most impact.</li>
<li>Share partner feedback to help improve how we work and what we offer.</li>
</ul>
<h2>Our humble expectations&nbsp;</h2>
<ul>
<li>Solid experience in account management or sales, ideally with key accounts or complex portfolios.</li>
<li>Strategic commercial thinking with advanced analytical skills. Confident using BI tools such as Looker and Excel to guide negotiations, campaigns and optimisations.</li>
<li>Proven ownership mindset. You move complex, ambiguous work forward with minimal guidance and keep stakeholders aligned.</li>
<li>Strong stakeholder management across multiple organisational layers.</li>
<li>Comfortable improving processes, building lightweight tools and sharing best practices.</li>
<li>Fluent in Maltese and English, both written and spoken.</li>
</ul>
<h2>What we offer</h2>
<ul>
<li>A fast-paced, international environment with a strong, supportive team spirit.</li>
<li>The chance to make a real impact from day one → your work directly supports our merchant partners and Wolt’s growth.</li>
<li>A role with plenty of ownership and autonomy → we trust our people to get things done.</li>
<li>A hands-on, scale-up environment that combines startup energy with solid company foundations.</li>
</ul>
<h2>Why you’ll love it</h2>
<ul>
<li><strong>🚀Global and growing fast: </strong>Be part of a fast-moving scaleup</li>
<li><strong>🤩Ride of a lifetime: </strong>Accelerate your career and build your sales skills&nbsp;</li>
<li><strong>💪Instant impact: </strong>Take ownership and make a difference</li>
<li><strong>💙Big hearts and small egos: </strong>Surround yourself with smart, friendly people</li>
</ul>
<h2>Next steps</h2>
<p>If you are excited about working in a high-growth environment, taking ownership, and being part of an extremely ambitious team, then click below to apply and get the conversation going!</p>
<p>We will be reviewing applications on an on-going basis, so if this sounds like an opportunity you want to pursue, apply today and don`t forget to attach your CV!</p>
<p><iframe src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/GoL541\_xj9w" width="560" height="314"></iframe></p><div class="content-conclusion"><h2><span data-sheets-root="1">Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion</span></h2>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">We’re committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. That’s why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.</span></p></div>