<h2><strong>Who we are </strong></h2>
<h3><strong>About Stripe</strong></h3>
<p>Stripe’s mission is to increase the GDP of the internet. We build the most powerful and flexible tools for running an internet business. We handle billions of dollars each year and enable millions of users around the world to scale faster and more efficiently by building their businesses on Stripe. Our tax team works with Stripes across the company to develop an efficient tax structure, as our international business scales and expands into new markets. We are looking for a well-rounded and seasoned tax professional to help us lead this effort.</p>
<h3><strong>About the team</strong></h3>
<p>This function will be responsible for Indirect Tax Advisory, as it pertains to our international entities, to include determining taxability of new products coming to market, supporting management of indirect tax audits and other indirect tax matters with local Tax Authorities, working with our indirect tax systems &amp; compliance leads on day to day matters, and much more. The ideal candidate should be able to work well with cross-functional teams.&nbsp;</p>
<h2><strong>What you’ll do</strong></h2>
<p>You must be able to communicate and promote indirect tax advisory needs across Stripe and its subsidiaries, and communicate complex indirect tax concepts in ways that are meaningful and useful to non-tax professionals. You will be able to work with a high level of collegiality, working on projects spanning multiple teams. The position will be based in <strong>Dublin or London </strong>and report to the International Indirect Tax Advisory Lead.</p>
<h3><strong>Responsibilities</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Be an indirect tax subject matter expert (global VAT/GST) and resource to our business and finance teams in Stripe, managing aspects of our indirect tax planning, and operations.</li>
<li>Support Stripe’s expansion internationally.</li>
<li>Participate in policy matters affecting indirect taxes internationally.</li>
<li>Collaborate with the international indirect tax compliance leads, and the international accounting teams on VAT/GST compliance, assisting with the ongoing enhancement of the indirect tax compliance processes.</li>
<li>Supporting management of indirect tax audits and other indirect tax matters involving tax authorities internationally.</li>
<li>Work with other tax team members and product and engineering teams to help define requirements and collaborate on the design of tax solutions for our users.</li>
<li>Promote indirect tax awareness and knowledge including training and liaising with business and tax partners on changes to indirect tax legislation, systems, policies and processes.</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Who you are</strong></h2>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We're looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.</span></p>
<h3><strong>Minimum requirements</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>4-6 years of relevant indirect tax knowledge, laws and regulations.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Bachelor’s degree and professional qualification in tax or law</li>
<li>Previous in-house experience within a multinational business and either legal or accountancy firm experience</li>
<li>Experience with indirect taxes as it relates to the distribution of digital services and physical products</li>
<li>Accounting experience and proficiency with ERP systems and related data analytics skills</li>
<li>Ability to clearly and concisely interface with all levels of management</li>
<li>Excellent written and oral communication skills</li>
<li>Project management experience, detail-oriented individual who takes ownership of projects</li>
<li>Ability to extract, analyze, and review data and make appropriate recommendations</li>
<li>Ability to work in a fast paced, informal, and often ambiguous environment</li>
<li>Willingness to learn and ability to quickly acquire knowledge</li>
<li>Excellent written and oral communication skills&nbsp;</li>
<li>Ability to work autonomously or within a team</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>Preferred qualifications</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>An advanced degree.</li>
<li>Experience working in technology, payments, or financial services.</li>
<li>Experience working in a high-growth, rapidly scaling environment.</li>
<li>A willingness to work with a diverse crew of tax nerds who care deeply about Stripe’s tax issues and each other.</li>
</ul>