We are looking for a colleague with an entrepreneurial attitude, who will be relentlessly looking for new routes to create new partnerships and maximize potential of the existing ones, closely contributes in product development and is excited to work in a data-driven dynamic environment.

We are on the way to unlocking thrilling new opportunities and only thing missing is **you**!

## Your day-to-day:

- Identify and evaluate new product commercialization opportunities, generate leads, convert them to deals.
- Establish and nurture strategic partnerships, maintain relationships with existing partners.
- Negotiate and execute partnership agreements.
- Onboard new partners.
- Adapt the product and manage integrations with partners accordingly.
- Accelerate business growth by winning new clients and closing deals.
- Keep track of results/KPIs and analyze them to propose solutions for product functionality.
- Work with product teams to identify the potential for the product by providing feedback about prospect needs, problems, interests, and competitive activities.

## Your skills & experience:

- Demonstrable experience developing successful partnership/business development.
- Excellent verbal and written communication skills in Lithuanian and English.
- Great negotiation skills, time-management skills.
- Business acumen and commercial awareness.
- Entrepreneurial attitude, relentlessness.
- A result-oriented problem solver and a team person at heart.

## Our Salary & Work Benefits Package:

- **Gross salary:**3100 - 4100 EUR/month. . This position provides a fixed base only. Keep in mind that we are open to discuss a different salary based on your skills and competencies.
- To support your professional growth and make you feel taken care of, we’ve put together an expansive benefit package. It covers learning, well-being, celebration, and much more  — learn all about it [here](https://career.oxylabs.io/blog/our-work-benefits/).