<div class="content-intro"><h2><span data-sheets-root="1">About Wolt</span></h2>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">At Wolt, we create technology that brings joy, simplicity and earnings to the neighborhoods of the world. In 2014 we started with delivery of restaurant food. Now we’re building the delivery of (almost) everything and you’ll find us in over 500 cities in 30 countries around the world. In 2022 we joined forces with DoorDash and together we keep on dreaming big and expanding across the globe.<br><br>Working at Wolt isn’t always easy, but it’s definitely exciting. Here you’ll learn more, build more, and ship more than in most other companies. You’ll be challenged a lot, but also have a lot of fun on the way. So, if you’re a self-starter with drive and entrepreneurial spirit, this could be the ride of your life.</span></p></div><p>Our support operations are at the core of delivering exceptional customer service, and we need a dedicated professional to manage our regional content efforts,<strong>&nbsp;focusing on our internal knowledge base. </strong></p>
<p>As a Regional Content Manager, you will be responsible for managing the regional content team, tracking content-related KPIs, and collaborating with global and the other regional teams to identify and implement improvement opportunities. You will also play a key role in rolling out global projects, defining and validating local initiatives, and ensuring feedback flows seamlessly between local and global teams.</p>
<p>We also welcome applications from all countries in the Wolt South region; Albania, Azerbaijan, Cyprus, Georgia, Malta and Kazakhstan!</p>
<h2><strong>Essential Duties and Responsibilities</strong></h2>
<p><strong>Team Leadership and Management:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Lead and manage the regional Content team, fostering a culture of collaboration, innovation, and continuous improvement.</li>
<li>Develop and mentor team members, ensuring they have the tools and guidance needed to excel in their roles.</li>
<li>Scheduling of part-time team members in our internal scheduling tool.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Strategic Content Management:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Track and analyze content-related local KPIs, using data to inform decision-making and drive continuous improvement across the region.</li>
<li>Collaborate with Global and other Regional Content Managers to identify improvement opportunities and define strategic regional projects.</li>
<li>Define and validate local initiatives, ensuring they align with regional and global objectives, and follow up on rollout and impact.</li>
<li>Identify and implement improvement needs for our internal knowledge base</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Project Implementation and Rollout:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Lead the rollout of global projects and initiatives within your region, ensuring timely and effective execution.</li>
<li>Roll out global changes to local teams, providing clear communication and support to ensure smooth transitions.</li>
<li>Share local feedback and requests with Global teams, advocating for the needs of your region and ensuring alignment with global strategies.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Stakeholder Collaboration:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Work closely with internal stakeholders, including the Global Support Team and Country Support teams, to ensure alignment with core customer experience strategies.</li>
<li>Engage with cross-functional teams to drive regional content projects, balancing local needs with global priorities.</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Skills and Competencies</strong></h2>
<ul>
<li>Regional Content Leadership: Strong ability to lead and develop a regional content team, fostering collaboration and a focus on continuous improvement in line with regional and global goals.</li>
<li>Strategic Content Management: Skilled in tracking and analyzing regional content KPIs to drive informed decision-making and identify opportunities for improvement.</li>
<li>Project Management: Experienced in rolling out global content projects at a regional level, ensuring timely, organized execution and smooth adaptation to local needs.</li>
<li>Knowledge Base Optimization: Proficient in identifying gaps and implementing improvements in internal knowledge bases to enhance accessibility and relevance for support teams.</li>
<li>Analytical &amp; Data-Driven: Comfortable using data to track performance, assess content effectiveness, and make informed recommendations for regional improvements.</li>
<li>Ownership &amp; Accountability: Takes responsibility for the quality and impact of regional content, ensuring alignment with broader organizational goals.</li>
<li>Regional Advocate: Acts as a strong advocate for regional needs within global content discussions, ensuring local perspectives are represented and valued.</li>
</ul>
<p><iframe src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/GoL541\_xj9w" width="560" height="314"></iframe></p><div class="content-conclusion"><h2><span data-sheets-root="1">Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion</span></h2>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">We’re committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. That’s why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.</span></p></div>