<p>Canonical is a leading provider of open source software and operating systems to the global enterprise and technology markets. Our platform, Ubuntu, is very widely used in breakthrough enterprise initiatives such as public cloud, data science, AI, engineering innovation, and IoT. Our customers include the world's leading public cloud and silicon providers, and industry leaders in many sectors. The company is a pioneer of global distributed collaboration, with 1200+ colleagues in 75+ countries and very few office-based roles. Teams meet two to four times yearly in person, in interesting locations around the world, to align on strategy and execution.</p>
<p>The company is founder-led, profitable, and growing.</p>
<p>Canonical is hiring exceptional Sales Operations leaders and experienced analysts to grow and manage our global direct, alliance, channel partner and online sales. Our Sales Operations teams analyze and drive interventions to maximize net customer retention, and lead robust, repeatable processes to plan, manage and deliver revenue.</p>
<p>You will partner with Canonical’s executive team across sales, business development, customer success, marketing, product management, commercial systems, delivery, finance and legal and provide a focal point to drive improvements. This position requires leadership, initiative and an analytical approach, a keen eye for detail and the ability to drive continuous improvements in processes, systems, governance and data quality. &nbsp;People that thrive in these roles are proactive problem solvers who are passionate about the opportunity to partner with sales leadership, our role in the technology industry bringing open source to a wider audience of innovators and enterprises, and the opportunity to design and drive programs in support of Canonical's continued success.</p>
<p><strong>Location:</strong>&nbsp;<em>These roles will be based remotely in the EMEA, Americas regions.</em></p>
<h3>The role entails</h3>
<ul>
<li>Delivering precise, scalable revenue operations for business through direct, indirect or online channels</li>
<li>Leading and developing a team of revenue operations analysts in developing policies, driving processes and providing daily operational support and enablement to sales teams and partners</li>
<li>Driving Sales Engagement, Training/Enablement/Data Enrichment, Customer Relationship Management, Configure Price Quote, Analytics and Commissions</li>
<li>Instrumenting, measuring and improving policies and processes across teams covering the entire revenue operations spectrum</li>
<li>Delivering metrics and reporting to monitor and improve revenue operations effectiveness, including new leads, pipeline, velocity, sales productivity and renewals.</li>
<li>Using data to drive insight, manage territories and channels, improve productivity, and agree and implement actionable change with executive management through regular sales and business reviews.</li>
<li>Overseeing our sales technology and processes, driving automation and process improvements and partnering with our commercial systems engineering team to continuously improve business systems and integration</li>
<li>Leading the introduction of new products, pricing, packaging and bundling through systems that are easy for sales and partners to navigate and quote</li>
<li>Driving data quality, through order processing, new hire training, process documentation, reporting and data cleansing</li>
<li>Leading and enhancing our commercial review process for evaluating and steering sales and alliance opportunities</li>
<li>Owning the commission plan and leading the process for setting goals, evaluating and paying against that plan</li>
</ul>
<h3>What we are looking for in you</h3>
<ul>
<li>Experience operating in a leadership Revenue Operations role, driving effectiveness of direct, channel and alliance partnerships</li>
<li>Data-driven and analytical approach with a high attention to detail</li>
<li>Track record of providing insight through robust CRM and other Revenue Operations technology platforms, data, analytics, compensation systems and processes to deliver excellent revenue operations</li>
<li>An energetic, thoughtful, systematic approach, a problem solver with skill in measuring, identifying and delivering systems and processes that ensure repeatable, scalable outcomes</li>
<li>Comfort with commercial pressure, and the ability to put revenue teams under appropriate performance pressure</li>
<li>Organisational skills and the ability to interact and work with stakeholders within all levels of the organisation</li>
<li>Exceptional academic track record from both high school and university</li>
<li>Undergraduate degree in a related field, preferably in Science, Technology, Engineering, Mathematics or Economics, or a compelling narrative about your alternative path</li>
<li>Strong communication, interpersonal, negotiation and influencing skills</li>
<li>Professional written and spoken English with excellent presentation skills</li>
<li>Ability to travel internationally up to four times a year for company events up to two weeks long</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<h3>Nice-to-have skills</h3>
<ul>
<li>Experience gained within a similar, technology subscription-based business</li>
<li>Deep understanding of working in a global, multicultural organization including driving a team based remotely in multiple time zones</li>
<li>Experience in mentoring and coaching team members on technical and soft skills, directly contributing to their professional development and performance improvement.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<h3>What Canonical offers</h3>
<p>We consider geographical location, experience, and performance in shaping compensation worldwide. We revisit compensation annually (and more often for graduates and associates) to ensure we recognise outstanding performance. In addition to base pay, we offer a performance-driven annual bonus or commission. We provide all team members with additional benefits, which reflect our values and ideals. We balance our programs to meet local needs and ensure fairness globally.</p>
<ul>
<li>Distributed work environment with twice-yearly team sprints in person</li>
<li>Personal learning and development budget of USD 2,000 per year</li>
<li>Annual compensation review</li>
<li>Recognition rewards</li>
<li>Annual holiday leave</li>
<li>Maternity and paternity leave</li>
<li>Employee Assistance Programme</li>
<li>Opportunity to travel to new locations to meet colleagues</li>
<li>Priority Pass, and travel upgrades for long haul company events</li>
</ul>
<h3>About Canonical</h3>
<p>Canonical is a pioneering tech firm at the forefront of the global move to open source. As the company that publishes Ubuntu, one of the most important open source projects and the platform for AI, IoT and the cloud, we are changing the world of software. We recruit on a global basis and set a very high standard for people joining the company. We expect excellence - in order to succeed, we need to be the best at what we do. Most colleagues at Canonical have worked from home since its inception in 2004.​ Working here is a step into the future, and will challenge you to think differently, work smarter, learn new skills, and raise your game.</p>
<h3>Canonical is an equal opportunity employer</h3>
<p><em>We are proud to foster a workplace free from discrimination. Diversity of experience, perspectives, and background create a better work environment and better products.&nbsp;<a href="https://canonical.com/careers/diversity/identity">Whatever your identity, we will give your application fair consideration.</a></em></p>
<p>#LI-remote&nbsp;</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>