<div class="content-intro"><p><span style="font-family: helvetica, arial, sans-serif; font-size: 12pt;">Airbnb was born in 2007 when two hosts welcomed three guests to their San Francisco home, and has since grown to over 5 million hosts who have welcomed over 2 billion guest arrivals in almost every country across the globe. Every day, hosts offer unique stays and experiences that make it possible for guests to connect with communities in a more authentic way.</span></p></div><p><strong>The Community You Will Join:</strong></p>
<p>You will join a collaborative team of data scientists, analysts, engineers, product managers and designers who build innovative products for Airbnb guests and hosts. Your core team will consist of data scientists within the Guest &amp; Host Data Science organization, who develop models, measurement frameworks, foundational data products, and intelligence to improve and shape Airbnb marketplace and product.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>The Difference You Will Make:</strong></p>
<p>Under this general application, you will be considered for applications over several tracks.</p>
<ul>
<li><strong>Pricing Data Science</strong> - Responsible for developing a pricing guidance system for hosts, as well as methods (experimental and observational) to measure the impact of pricing feature launches.</li>
<li><strong>Guest and Host Product Data Science</strong> - Responsible for building optimized products, tools, and programs that empower our hosts to thrive on our platform and our guests to easily discover and book stays that match their needs.&nbsp;</li>
<li><strong>Marketplace Data Science</strong> - Responsible for building data products, inference frameworks, and intelligence to enable the growth of our marketplace.&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p>As a data scientist on the team, you will directly impact the Airbnb user community and marketplace with the data products and insights you deliver. Your work may range from building models to understand the impact of supply and demand on marketplace outcomes, to applying causal inference methods to measure the impact of a new pricing guidance tool, to generating destination recommendations based on our understanding of guest travel preferences.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>A Typical Day:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Building strong relationships with cross-functional partners across Product, Design, Engineering, and Analytics to drive collaboration and innovation.</li>
<li>Contribute directly to the development and launch of data-driven products and models, leveraging AI tools to enhance efficiency and impact.</li>
<li>Writing software in Python, SQL, or R to model, simulate, and measure the impact of new features, applying advanced causal inference techniques where necessary.</li>
<li>Analyzing structured or unstructured data to uncover meaningful insights and craft actionable proposals that help shape strategy.</li>
<li>Communicating learnings to leaders and stakeholders in a clear, compelling manner that drives informed data-driven decision making.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Your Expertise:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>5+ years of experience with BS/masters degree, 2+ years of experience with PhD.</li>
<li>Experience with experimentation, causal observational analysis, and machine learning techniques.</li>
<li>Experience partnering with product, engineering, and design to enable data-driven model or product development.</li>
<li>Ability to prototype, build, and scale derived data assets.</li>
<li>Strong coding skills in SQL and either Python or R.</li>
<li>Strong oral and written communication skills - an ability to communicate complex technical concepts to a non-technical audience.</li>
<li>Work authorization (if applicable)</li>
<li>Travel requirements (if applicable)</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Your Location:</strong></p>
<p>This position is US - Remote Eligible. The role may include occasional work at an Airbnb office or attendance at offsites, as agreed to with your manager. While the position is Remote Eligible, you must live in a state where Airbnb, Inc. has a registered entity.<a href="https://careers.airbnb.com/"> Click here</a> for the up-to-date list of excluded states. This list is continuously evolving, so please check back with us if the state you live in is on the exclusion list. If your position is employed by another Airbnb entity, your recruiter will inform you what states you are eligible to work from.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Our Commitment To Inclusion &amp; Belonging:</strong></p>
<p>Airbnb is committed to working with the broadest talent pool possible. We believe diverse ideas foster innovation and engagement, and allow us to attract creatively-led people, and to develop the best products, services and solutions. All qualified individuals are encouraged to apply.</p>
<p>We strive to also provide a disability inclusive application and interview process. If you are a candidate with a disability and require reasonable accommodation in order to submit an application, please contact us at: <a href="mailto:reasonableaccommodations@airbnb.com">reasonableaccommodations@airbnb.com</a>. Please include your full name, the role you’re applying for and the accommodation necessary to assist you with the recruiting process.&nbsp;</p>
<p>We ask that you only reach out to us if you are a candidate whose disability prevents you from being able to complete our online application.&nbsp;</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p><div class="content-pay-transparency"><div class="pay-input"><div class="description"><p><span style="font-size: 16px;"><strong><span style="font-family: arial, helvetica, sans-serif; color: rgb(0, 0, 0);">How We'll Take Care of You:</span></strong></span></p>
<p class="p1"><span style="font-size: 16px;">Our job titles may span more than one career level. The actual base pay is dependent upon many factors, such as: training, transferable skills, work experience, business needs and market demands. The base pay range is subject to change and may be modified in the future. This role may also be eligible for bonus, equity, benefits, and Employee Travel Credits. &nbsp;</span></p></div><div class="title">Pay Range</div><div class="pay-range"><span>$179,000</span><span class="divider">&mdash;</span><span>$210,000 USD</span></div></div></div>