<div class="content-intro"><h3>ABOUT TIDE</h3>
<p>At Tide we help SMEs save time (and money) in the running of their businesses by not only offering business accounts and related banking services, but also a comprehensive set of highly usable and connected administrative solutions from invoicing to accounting.</p>
<p>Tide is transforming the small business banking market with over 1.8 million members globally across the UK, India, Germany and France.</p>
<p>Using advanced technology, all solutions are designed with SMEs in mind. With quick onboarding, low fees and innovative features, we thrive on making data-driven decisions to serve our mission: to help SMEs save both time (and money) so they can get back to doing what they love.</p>
<p><strong>Tide facts:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Tide is available for UK, Indian, German and French SMEs</li>
<li>Over 1.8 million members: 800,000 UK and 1,000,000 in India and growing rapidly</li>
<li>Over $300 million raised in funding</li>
<li>Over 2,500 Tideans globally - we’re diversity champions!</li>
<li>We have offices in Central London, with a member support and technology centre in Sofia, Bulgaria, technology centres in Serbia, Romania, Lithuania and Hyderabad and offices in Gurugram and New Delhi, and in Berlin, Paris and Luxembourg.</li>
</ul></div><h3>ABOUT THE ROLE:</h3>
<p>As PR &amp; Communications Manager, you will:&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>Help grow Tide’s presence in Germany by embedding yourself with local teams and external stakeholders to drive awareness, excitement, trust, and reputation.</li>
<li>Build and maintain a strong news pipeline with impactful product and company announcements.</li>
<li>Lead and support German-focused campaigns on fintech, female entrepreneurship, and small business advocacy to expand Tide’s share of voice.</li>
<li>Manage relationships with tier-one and industry media, owning the German Press Office and all media interactions.</li>
<li>Partner with Tide’s Country Manager in Berlin, as well as C-Suite, spokespeople, and ambassadors to deliver consistent and compelling messaging across earned media.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Anticipate and manage complex issues, safeguarding and strengthening Tide’s reputation.</li>
<li>Collaborate closely with Marketing, Product Teams, Member Support, Legal, Finance and other internal teams to turn strategic initiatives into influential PR.</li>
<li>Support the Global Director of Communications, Social Media Manager, Internal Communications to scale and integrate PR best practices across the business.</li>
<li>Contribute to company-wide communications as Tide scales, establishing strong processes and documentation.</li>
<li>Source and support events, webinars, conferences, roundtables. Overseeing logistics, and content. Coordinate with the Country Managing Director, Country Operations Lead and Marketing and Field Sales/Partnerships (Marketing) in the event space, ensuring high quality delivery of speaker and event management.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Own Tide’s messaging, commentary, and PR content for the German market.</li>
</ul>
<h3>WHAT WE ARE LOOKING FOR:</h3>
<ul>
<li>Solid mid-senior level experience in PR and communications, ideally within financial services, technology, or other high-growth environments.</li>
<li>Proven ability to build strong media relationships and deliver quality coverage in Germany.</li>
<li>The skill to rapidly simplify complex topics into clear, compelling stories for diverse audiences.</li>
<li>Ability to communicate industry and government stakeholders to support Tide’s mission.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Excellent planning, coordination, and stakeholder management capabilities.</li>
<li>Comfort working independently and decisively in a fast-paced, evolving, fluid environment.</li>
<li>Native-level German and fluent English communication skills.</li>
<li>A collaborative, enabling and proactive mindset and genuine passion for supporting small businesses.</li>
</ul>
<h3>WHAT YOU’LL GET IN RETURN:</h3>
<p>Our location-specific employee benefits are designed to cater to the unique needs of Tideans:</p>
<ul>
<li>Time Off – Generous annual leave on top of bank holidays.</li>
<li>Parental Leave – Maternity, paternity, and adoption leave to support your family journey.</li>
<li>Sabbatical – Extended unpaid and paid leave options after completing milestone years with Tide.</li>
<li>Health Insurance – Public health insurance plan.</li>
<li>Retirement Planning – Public pension scheme on eligible earnings.</li>
<li>DeutschlandTicket via Spendit - Employer funded free, unlimited travel throughout Germany on all local public transport (not valid in ICE, IC/EC).</li>
<li>Urban Sports Club Membership - Employer funded membership to help you live a healthy and active lifestyle.</li>
<li>Mental Wellbeing – Access to therapy sessions, courses, meditations, and workshops.</li>
<li>Volunteering &amp; Development Days – Paid days annually for volunteering or personal growth.</li>
<li>Learning &amp; Development – Annual budget for books, courses, coaching, and more.</li>
<li>WOO (Work Outside the Office) – Work from abroad for up to 90 days annually.</li>
<li>Home Office Setup – Contribution towards setting up your home office.</li>
<li>Laptop Ownership – Keep your old laptop and get a new one when it’s time for a replacement.</li>
</ul>
<h3>TIDEAN WAYS OF WORKING</h3>
<p>At Tide, we champion a <strong>flexible workplace </strong>model that<strong> </strong>supports both in-person and remote work to cater to the specific needs of our different teams.&nbsp;</p>
<p>While remote work is supported, we believe in the power of face-to-face interactions to foster team spirit and collaboration. Our offices are designed as hubs for innovation and team-building, where we encourage regular in-person gatherings to foster a strong sense of community.&nbsp; <span style="color: rgb(255, 255, 255);">#LI-AC1 #LI-Hybrid</span></p><div class="content-conclusion"><h3>TIDE IS A PLACE FOR EVERYONE</h3>
<p>At Tide, we believe that we can only succeed if we let our differences enrich our culture. Our Tideans come from a variety of backgrounds and experience levels. We consider everyone irrespective of their ethnicity, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, family or parental status, national origin, veteran, neurodiversity or differently-abled status. We celebrate diversity in our workforce as a cornerstone of our success. Our commitment to a broad spectrum of ideas and backgrounds is what enables us to build products that resonate with our members’ diverse needs and lives.&nbsp;</p>
<p>We are One Team and foster a transparent and inclusive environment, where everyone’s voice is heard.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><em>At Tide, we thrive on diversity, embracing various backgrounds and experiences. We welcome all individuals regardless of ethnicity, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, or disability. Our inclusive culture is key to our success, helping us build products that meet our members' diverse needs. We are One Team, committed to transparency and ensuring everyone’s voice is heard.</em></p>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section">&nbsp;</div>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section"><strong>Disclaimer</strong></div>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section">&nbsp;</div>
<div class="p-rich\_text\_section"><em>It has come to our attention that individuals or agencies are falsely claiming to represent Tide and are reaching out to candidates regarding job opportunities. Please be aware that:</em></div>
<ul class="p-rich\_text\_list p-rich\_text\_list\_\_bullet p-rich\_text\_list--nested" data-stringify-type="unordered-list" data-list-tree="true" data-indent="0" data-border="0">
<li style="font-style: italic;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><em>Tide does&nbsp;<strong data-stringify-type="bold">not</strong>&nbsp;charge any fees at any stage of the recruitment process.</em></li>
<li style="font-style: italic;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><em>All official Tide job opportunities are listed exclusively on our&nbsp;<a href="https://www.tide.co/careers/" target="\_blank"><strong data-stringify-type="bold">Careers Page</strong></a>&nbsp;and applications should be submitted through this channel.</em></li>
<li style="font-style: italic;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><em>Communication from Tide will only come from an official&nbsp;<strong data-stringify-type="bold">@tide</strong><strong data-stringify-type="bold">.co</strong>&nbsp;email address.</em></li>
<li style="font-style: italic;" data-stringify-indent="0" data-stringify-border="0"><em>Tide does not work with agencies or recruiters without prior formal engagement, and we do not authorize third parties to make job offers on our behalf.</em></li>
</ul>
<p><em>If you are contacted by anyone misrepresenting Tide or requesting payment, please treat it as fraudulent and report it to us immediately at <a href="mailto:talent@tide.co" target="\_blank">talent@tide.co</a><br>Your safety and trust are important to us, and we are committed to ensuring a fair and transparent recruitment process.</em></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><em><em data-stringify-type="italic">Tide leverages AI to enhance our hiring experience. You can read more about how we use AI in our recruitment process in our <a href="https://assets.ctfassets.net/3h69mkdgxn20/5MFtWSdG8YLKq3jZkK52NY/3f18633073e6cdbd03bba4b9791c64f4/Using\_AI\_throughout\_the\_Hiring\_Process.pdf" target="\_blank">AI Policy</a>.</em></em></p>
<p><em><em data-stringify-type="italic">Your personal data will be processed by Tide for recruitment purposes and in accordance with </em><em data-stringify-type="italic"><a class="c-link" href="https://assets.ctfassets.net/3h69mkdgxn20/4TE0uAE3SXomATDVneocNA/aa31893960b4064dd406ad15d029dcd3/Recruitment\_Privacy\_Notice.pdf" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://assets.ctfassets.net/3h69mkdgxn20/1MYf6q4ZMWugpeaROVETBN/526e9c160a2de03576413c81657c6466/Recruitment\_Privacy\_Notice\_\_Final\_Draft\_\_Sep\_2024\_.pdf" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">Tide's Recruitment Privacy Notice</a></em><em data-stringify-type="italic">.</em></em></p></div>