<p>
  <strong>Headquarters:</strong> Hamburg
</p>

<strong><span>About Baqend</span></strong><span><br>Slow websites suck! Of 3.5 hours you spend online each day, 20 minutes are wasted waiting for websites to load. In your life, you will waste one whole year.&nbsp;<br>Join our mission of building a web without loading times to make all Internet users happier. Our product Speed Kit is the all-in-one page speed tool and accelerates websites worldwide, including market leading companies like BMW, Zwilling and GANT.&nbsp;<br>Our world-class team uses the latest web technology trends to make our customer websites up to 4x faster and to improve the user experience for 300 million users per month.&nbsp;<br><br>Sounds exciting? Come on board and help us so that no one has to suffer from lost time!<br><br>Within our Web Performance Intelligence Team we are providing insights into the data of &gt;300 million monthly users with the corresponding requests per minute (&gt;&gt;100k). We analyse performance and e-commerce data as well technical signals from browsers to perform production A/B tests and monitor customer websites. Insights are shared with customers, implemented by our integration teams or fed back into development of our product in order to constantly improve it.<br><br>To support this we are now looking for a team member in the position of a&nbsp;<strong>(Senior) Data Product &amp; Visualization Analyst (all genders) in full-time either remote or hybrid</strong>.<br><br><strong>About Your Role</strong><br>As a (Senior) Data Product &amp; Visualization Analyst, you will play a crucial role in transforming raw data into meaningful insights that drive decision-making across our teams and for our customers. Your mission is to analyze, visualize, and communicate the impact of Speed Kit on customer websites, ensuring that both internal and external stakeholders can leverage data effectively.<br><br>You will work at the intersection of data analysis, visualization, and product development, collaborating with business units, integration teams, and data engineers to enhance our analytical capabilities. By creating compelling data stories and intuitive dashboards, you will help shape our customers' understanding of performance improvements and identify new opportunities to optimize web experiences.<br><br>If you love diving into data, crafting powerful visualizations, and making complex insights easy to grasp, this role is for you!<br><br><strong>About your potential tasks</strong><br></span><ul><li>You analyze how various User Experience (UX) aspects on our customers websites improve with Speed Kit during A/B-Tests</li><li>You identify potential UX issues and conduct root cause analysis with our real-user monitoring, e.g. Click Analysis, User Journey Analysis</li><li>You derive generalized standard UX analysis where possible (working with our Jupyter Notebook-based Hex Technologies Stack)</li><li>You use browser dev tools in order to get a better understanding of potential UX issues and get hints about what to look for in the data (e.g. a certain button is not working, causing rage clicks)</li><li>You work closely with our data engineering, product development and customer facing teams to understand and help communicate potential UX issues and opportunities</li><li>You develop or showcase new approaches to evaluating UX with quantitative analysis and propose advancements of our real-user monitoring tracking if needed</li><li>You actively share your knowledge and interesting cases within the company throughout various formats, e.g. weekly Data Analytics Q&amp;A, regular company wide knowledge sessions, internal knowledge data base</li><li>If you are up for it, we would also support you sharing your knowledge about quantitative UX Analysis externally, e.g. via our company blog, meetups, conferences</li></ul><ul><li>Your background is diverse? You are a Data Expert since ever? Great!, we don't care whether you have a degree or are a career changer, we believe in skill here and now and in diverse backgrounds!</li><li>You bring at least 2 year practical experience in a similar position</li><li>You are experienced in data retrieval and analysis via SQL</li><li>You are experienced in the conception and implementation of effective data visualization, e.g. via Kibana/Tableau/Power BI/DataStudio, Google Sheets and/or Excel, Python and/or R</li><li>You’re good at storytelling with data and communicating complex topics</li><li>You are a solution oriented, analytical thinker</li><li>You like to work independently with a high level of responsibility and a structured approach.</li><li>You have gained experiences with statistical methods</li></ul><ul><li>Remote-first: You can work 100% remote within Germany, if you want to</li><li>We set you up with your remote office work station from screen to office chair</li><li>Pick your OS: You can freely choose your OS between Mac, Windows or Linux</li><li>Beautiful office: Work in the heart of Hamburg’s Schanzenviertel</li><li>Pet-friendly office: You’re always welcome to bring a furry friend</li><li>Awesome coworkers: Join a competent, humorous crew</li><li>Flexible work: Work on a full-time or part-time schedule</li><li>Regular team events: Join our non-binding team events - on premise or hybrid</li><li>Personal training budget: We help you to grow your career and skills</li><li>Monthly gym budget: We deeply care about the health of our team</li><li>Future-proof pension scheme: feel free to bring your pension scheme with you or let our experts advise you</li></ul><br><strong>Our Tech Stack</strong><br><em>Don’t worry, we do not expect that you know or use all of these tools and technologies:<br></em><br><em><strong>Data Analysis &amp; Reporting:</strong><br>Hex Technologies (Jupyter-Based notebook and dashboard engine with direct connection to AWS Athena and BigQuery), SQL, Python, Pandas, Vega-Lite<br></em><br><em><strong>Data Engineering, Backend &amp; DevOps:</strong><br><span>Java/JVM, Kotlin, Go, Node.js, Go, AWS (diverse Services), MongoDB, Redis, Kubernetes, Fastly, Nginx, Flink, Grafana, Terraform, Terragrunt, Ansible, Helm, Redis, Varnish</span><br></em><br><em><strong>Frontend:</strong><br>Service Worker (the majority of Speed Kit), TypeScript &amp; JavaScript, Vue.js, Selenium/Browserstack/Gitlab, Puppeteer, WebPagetest</em><span>6️⃣ … You share your CV or LinkedIn profile with us<br>5️⃣ … We schedule a first (video-) call (15~30 minutes)<br>4️⃣… We schedule a 1st technical interview to get you in contact with the team (30~60 minutes)<br>3️⃣… We send you a (coding-) case to prepare for our 2nd meeting<br>2️⃣… We schedule a 2nd technical interview to talk about the (coding-) case (90~120 minutes)<br>1️⃣… If both sides are happy, we will prepare the contract<br>…0️⃣ You join our rocket ship!</span><span>Simon is happy to receive your application and is available for your questions at recruiting@baqend.com</span>

<p><strong>To apply:</strong> <a href="https://weworkremotely.com/remote-jobs/baqend-gmbh-senior-data-product-visualization-analyst-remote-or-hamburg">https://weworkremotely.com/remote-jobs/baqend-gmbh-senior-data-product-visualization-analyst-remote-or-hamburg</a></p>