<p>
  <strong>Headquarters:</strong> Massachusetts - Boston
</p>

<div class="content"><div class="section-wrapper page-full-width"><div class="section page-centered"><div>Veeva Systems is a mission-driven organization and pioneer in industry cloud, helping life sciences companies bring therapies to patients faster. As one of the fastest-growing SaaS companies in history, we surpassed $2B in revenue in our last fiscal year with extensive growth potential ahead.</div><div><br></div><div>At the heart of Veeva are our values: Do the Right Thing, Customer Success, Employee Success, and Speed. We're not just any public company – we made history in 2021 by becoming a&nbsp;<a href="https://medium.com/@peter.gassner/public-benefit-corporation-pbc-486e1e9508a6">public benefit corporation</a>&nbsp;(PBC), legally bound to balancing the interests of customers, employees, society, and investors.</div><div><br></div><div>As a&nbsp;<a href="https://medium.com/@peter.gassner/work-anywhere-is-about-trusting-and-empowering-employees-ef1beba56590">Work Anywhere</a>&nbsp;company, we support your flexibility to work from home or in the office, so you can thrive in your ideal environment.</div><div><br></div><div>Join us in&nbsp;<a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TaPSP8cCSKY&amp;ab_channel=Forbes">transforming the life sciences industry</a>, committed to making a positive impact on its customers, employees, and communities.</div><div><br></div><div><b>The Role</b></div><div><br></div><div><span>We are seeking a highly skilled and motivated Product Manager to play a pivotal role in driving productized connections/integrations between our Regulatory Information Management (RIM) system and other Applications, such as Clinical and Quality.</span></div><div><span>&nbsp;</span></div><div><span>As the Product Manager, you will collaborate closely with multiple stakeholders: customers, engineers, product managers, strategy, and services to design and update these productized connections. If done right, they will be transformative across the Life Sciences R&amp;D industry.</span></div><div><span>&nbsp;</span></div><div><span>The ideal candidate will have a strong understanding of life sciences, SaaS applications and a proven ability to translate business needs into world class, scalable, and performant solutions.</span></div></div><div class="section page-centered"><div><h3>What You'll Do</h3><ul class="posting-requirements plain-list"><ul><li>Work with executive leadership, product managers, strategy, engineers, and architects to design and build connections between Vault application suites and unify the entire life sciences process</li><li>Own the roadmap, working with Vault Application product managers on application suite connections</li><li>Design easy to use, scalable, and highly performant connections</li><li>Ensure successful product adoption by evangelizing and supporting the use of connected Vault application suites</li></ul></ul></div></div><div class="section page-centered"><div><h3>Requirements</h3><ul class="posting-requirements plain-list"><ul><li>3+ years of Product Management or Business Analyst Experience in enterprise business application software</li><li>Proven experience in working with other product managers to develop and deliver products across multiple engineering teams</li><li>Outstanding communication skills; written, verbal, and formal presentation</li><li>Experience working on integrating complex systems</li><li>Expert at understanding and translating Data Models</li><li>Highly motivated, self-driven attitude</li></ul></ul></div></div><div class="section page-centered"><div><h3>Nice to Have</h3><ul class="posting-requirements plain-list"><ul><li>Experience and understanding of Life Sciences regulatory processes, clinical trial management, Quality, and/or promotional materials</li><li>Regulatory Affairs, Regulatory Operations or Pharmacovigilance background</li></ul></ul></div></div><div class="section page-centered"><div><h3>Perks &amp; Benefits</h3><ul class="posting-requirements plain-list"><ul><li>Medical, dental, vision, and basic life insurance</li><li>Flexible PTO and company paid holidays</li><li>Retirement programs</li><li>1% charitable giving program</li></ul></ul></div></div><div class="section page-centered"><div><h3>Compensation</h3><ul class="posting-requirements plain-list"><ul><li>Base pay: $75,000 - $165,000</li><li>The salary range listed here has been provided to comply with local regulations and represents a potential base salary range for this role. Please note that actual salaries may vary within the range above or below, depending on experience and location. We look at compensation for each individual and base our offer on your unique qualifications, experience, and expected contributions. This position may also be eligible for other types of compensation in addition to base salary, such as variable bonus and/or stock bonus.</li></ul></ul></div></div><div class="section page-centered"><div><span>#LI-RemoteUS</span></div><div><br></div><div>Veeva’s headquarters is located in the San Francisco Bay Area with offices in more than 15 countries around the world.</div><div><br></div><div>Veeva is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, religion, national origin or ancestry, age, disability, marital status, pregnancy, protected veteran status, protected genetic information, political affiliation, or any other characteristics protected by local laws, regulations, or ordinances. If you need assistance or accommodation due to a disability or special need when applying for a role or in our recruitment process, please contact us at&nbsp;<a href="mailto:talent_accommodations@veeva.com">talent_accommodations@veeva.com</a>.</div></div></div></div>

<p><strong>To apply:</strong> <a href="https://weworkremotely.com/remote-jobs/veeva-systems-product-manager-rim-connections-1">https://weworkremotely.com/remote-jobs/veeva-systems-product-manager-rim-connections-1</a></p>