<div class="content-intro"><p>Intercom is the AI Customer Service company on a mission to help businesses provide incredible customer experiences.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Our AI agent Fin, the most advanced customer service AI agent on the market, lets businesses deliver always-on, impeccable customer service and ultimately transform their customer experiences for the better. Fin can also be combined with our Helpdesk to become a complete solution called the Intercom Customer Service Suite, which provides AI enhanced support for the more complex or high touch queries that require a human agent.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Founded in 2011 and trusted by nearly 30,000 global businesses, Intercom is setting the new standard for customer service. Driven by our core values, we push boundaries, build with speed and intensity, and consistently deliver incredible value to our customers.</p></div><h2>What's the opportunity?&nbsp;</h2>
<p>We are seeking a dynamic and experienced Account Executive to join our team. In this role, you will play a pivotal part in propelling our new business growth in the Mid Market and Enterprise segment, leveraging your expertise to foster and maintain key client relationships. If you are passionate about consultative sales and eager to make a significant impact, this is the perfect opportunity for you.</p>
<h2>What will I be doing?</h2>
<ul>
<li><strong>Product Evangelism:</strong> Champion Intercom's product by driving its adoption and growth within the Mid-Market and Enterprise segment.</li>
<li><strong>Sales Cycle Management:</strong> Oversee the complete new business sales cycle for Mid-Market/Enterprise customers, from initial outbound to closing deals, utilising a consultative values based sales approach.</li>
<li><strong>Forecasting &amp; Reporting:</strong> Deliver accurate sales forecasts and provide clear visibility on revenue performance.</li>
<li><strong>Product Knowledge:</strong> Maintain comprehensive and up-to-date knowledge of our evolving products and sales processes.</li>
<li><strong>Tailored Demonstrations:</strong> Develop and present customized product demonstrations to meet specific client needs.</li>
<li><strong>Team Development:</strong> Engage in mentoring and development activities within the sales team.</li>
<li><strong>Customer Advocacy:</strong> Represent the voice of the customer to internal stakeholders, including Marketing and Product teams.</li>
</ul>
<h2>What skills do I need?&nbsp;</h2>
<ul>
<li><strong>Sales Expertise:</strong> Minimum of 5+ years of experience as an Account Executive, with at 3+ years in Saas.</li>
<li><strong>Track Record:</strong> Proven success in meeting and exceeding sales quotas.</li>
<li><strong>Communication:</strong> Exceptional written and verbal communication skills.</li>
<li><strong>Problem Solving:</strong> Strong ability to navigate and solve challenges in a fast-paced environment, handling both inbound and outbound opportunities across various industries and company sizes.</li>
<li><strong>Closing Skills:</strong> Demonstrated ability to close net new business in a competitive landscape.</li>
<li><strong>Growth Mindset:</strong> Exhibits intellectual curiosity, ambition, and a continuous learning attitude.</li>
</ul>
<h2>Benefits&nbsp;</h2>
<p>We are a well treated bunch, with awesome benefits! If there’s something important to you that’s not on this list, talk to us!&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li>Competitive salary and equity in a fast-growing start-up</li>
<li>Catered lunch every weekday, plus a fully stocked kitchen</li>
<li>Regular compensation reviews - we reward great work!</li>
<li>Unlimited access to Claude Code and best-in-class AI tools; experimentation &amp; building is encouraged &amp; celebrated</li>
<li>Flexible paid time off policy&nbsp;</li>
<li>Healthcare stipend towards private health insurance for you and your partner/spouse</li>
<li>MacBooks are our standard, but we also offer Windows for certain roles when needed</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>Policies&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>Intercom has a hybrid working policy. We believe that working in person helps us stay connected, collaborate easier and create a great culture while still providing flexibility to work from home. We expect employees to be in the office at least three days per week.</p>
<p>We have a radically open and accepting culture at Intercom. We avoid spending time on divisive subjects to foster a safe and cohesive work environment for everyone. As an organization, our policy is to not advocate on behalf of the company or our employees on any social or political topics out of our internal or external communications. We respect personal opinion and expression on these topics on personal social platforms on personal time, and do not challenge or confront anyone for their views on non-work related topics. Our goal is to focus on doing incredible work to achieve our goals and unite the company through our <a href="https://www.intercom.com/careers">core values</a>.&nbsp;&nbsp;</p>
<p>Intercom values diversity and is committed to a policy of Equal Employment Opportunity. Intercom will not discriminate against an applicant or employee on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, national origin, ancestry, sex, gender, age, physical or mental disability, veteran or military status, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, marital status, or any other legally recognized protected basis under federal, state, or local law.</p></div>