<div class="content-intro"><p class="sc-gEkIjz cjtSrT MuiTypography-root MuiTypography-body1 sc-hoLEA">Raisin is the world's leading platform for savings and investment products. Founded in 2012, the&nbsp;<strong>FinTech</strong> connects consumers with banks in the EU, the UK and the US. This gives consumers <strong>better interest rates</strong> and banks a <strong>diversified form of refinancing</strong>. Our vision is to offer savings and investments without barriers and thus open up the global 160 trillion euro market.</p>
<p class="sc-gEkIjz cjtSrT MuiTypography-root MuiTypography-body1 sc-hoLEA">Raisin currently employs more than 800 people from over 75 countries worldwide. Today, the platform holds over 80 billion euros in assets from&nbsp;<strong>more than one million investors</strong> which have accrued over 5 billion euros in returns.</p></div><p><strong><span style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0);">Team</span></strong></p>
<p>We are a dynamic People &amp; Culture organization operating in a matrix structure and committed to building a collaborative, high-quality work environment. As a Junior People Operations Manager, you will support our international business units in all employee-related matters and ensure smooth, consistent operational processes. You will contribute to maintaining and improving Global People Operations practices and policies across all entities, helping us deliver a seamless employee experience worldwide.</p>
<p><strong>Your Responsibilities</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Act as a point of contact for employees of Raisin, supporting them throughout the entire employee lifecycle.</li>
<li>Handle a broad range of HR administrative tasks, &nbsp;including creating employment contracts, processing parental leave requests, preparing reference letters, and maintaining HRIS data, ensuring accuracy and consistency across regions.</li>
<li>Support smooth day-to-day People Operations service delivery by collaborating closely with colleagues in People Operations, HR Business Partnering, People Analytics &amp; Infrastructure, Legal, Payroll, and Enterprise IT.</li>
<li>Address employee inquiries and operational issues, escalating complex or sensitive matters to senior team members when appropriate.</li>
<li>You independently manage projects on topics such as benefits, onboarding/offboarding, process optimization for subsidiaries, expanding our Confluence knowledge base, and more.</li>
<li>High employee and manager satisfaction with People Operations service delivery.</li>
<li>Consistent and reliable People Operations processes across global locations.</li>
<li>Improved operational efficiency through well-maintained documentation and smooth execution of People Operations activities.</li>
<li>Strong collaboration within People Operations and with cross-functional partners.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Your Profile</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>You have successfully completed a university degree or a commercial apprenticeship, ideally with a focus on Human Resources, business administration, or a similar field.</li>
<li>You bring hands-on experience in HR Operations or a comparable HR role, preferably in a fast-paced environment.You have solid knowledge of German labor law; experience with international HR processes (e.g., UK, Spain, Italy) is a plus but not required.</li>
<li>You enjoy operational HR work and have a strong service mindset, combined with excellent organizational skills and attention to detail.</li>
<li>You feel confident communicating with diverse stakeholders and supporting them through various HR processes.</li>
<li>You work reliably, independently, and with a high degree of accuracy, while also valuing teamwork and collaboration.</li>
<li>You are open-minded, proactive, and able to maintain discretion and professionalism at all times.</li>
<li>You have fluent German and very good English skills.</li>
<li>Experience with tools such as Personio, Jira, and Google Workspace is an advantage.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Join our mission, join our team – and grow with us!</strong></p>
<p>At Raisin, we care about each other and it is one of our top priorities to foster an open and caring environment in which everyone feels welcome and comfortable. Our culture is strongly driven by our ambitious team, which connects more than 75 different nationalities.</p>
<p>As part of our team, you will benefit from</p>
<ul>
<li>Employee Development Budget of €2,000 and four full training days per year.</li>
<li>Flexible working hours, home office and 30 vacation days.</li>
<li>A company pension scheme (Betriebliche Altersvorsorge), which we support with 20%.</li>
<li>Enjoy more than 50+ different sports with Urban Sports Club: We subsidize your membership with more than €20 per month.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Do you miss being in the office? The Deutschland Ticket gets you there, which we subsidize with €25 per month.</li>
<li>Love cycling? With JobRad, lease the bike of your choice and enjoy tax savings, plus Raisin covers your monthly insurance costs.</li>
<li>Hungry all the time? Snacks, daily fresh fruit as well as drinks provided at the office.</li>
<li>You are moving from another country or city to join us? We may support your relocation.</li>
</ul><div class="content-conclusion"><p><a href="https://www.raisin.com/corporate/raisin-applicant-privacy-policy/"><em>Raisin Applicant Privacy Policy</em></a></p>
<p data-start="728" data-end="900">We value diversity and the unique experiences each individual brings. If you’re excited about this role but don’t meet every requirement, we still encourage you to apply.</p>
<p data-start="907" data-end="1013">We are an equal opportunity employer and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for everyone, regardless of race, colour, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, or gender identity.</p></div>