<h2><strong>Who we are</strong></h2>
<h3><strong>About Stripe</strong></h3>
<p>Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies - from the world’s largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups - use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyone's reach while doing the most important work of your career.</p>
<h3><strong>About The Team</strong></h3>
<p>The Seller Systems team is dedicated to empowering sellers and stakeholders at Stripe by streamlining and optimizing the selling process. This is a top priority for Stripe as it expands its enterprise revenue globally. We build tools and systems to make the end-to-end selling process across initial contact with customers, deal modeling, negotiation, approvals, contracting, onboarding, and activation absolutely <em>world class</em>. We are treating this area as an engineering problem from first-principles, implemented with a hybrid architecture of first party developed custom Stripe components inter-operating with third-party standard business components. Our vision is to be able to offer a single plane of glass experience to our Sellers at Stripe, to allow them to leverage AI through workflows that allow them to minimize overhead and increase their time on increasingly efficient selling.</p>
<p>The Contracting Platform team within Seller Systems owns the problem of capturing, codifying, and making all sell-side contracts searchable by all teams at Stripe. This is a critical problem for the business and powers problems as diverse as automated onboarding of new large users and deals onto Stripe, revenue recognition, regulatory compliance; to powering more intelligent Stripe renewals and deal closing. The team owns the integration with custom pricing and quote tools, approvals, as well as the end-to-end contracting lifecycle management system. We are also building a new Contracting Hub for our users.</p>
<h2><strong>What you’ll do</strong></h2>
<p>As an Engineering Manager on the Contracting Platform team, you will be responsible for building and evolving the team owning the contracting problem at Stripe. You will own and drive multi-year technical strategy across a complex hybrid architecture of first-party Stripe systems and third-party platforms (including Ironclad, Docusign, and Salesforce), while directly shaping the seller experience across the contracting lifecycle and signature process. You will deliver solutions to business teams across Stripe that need access to contracts and the complex metadata contained within them.</p>
<h3><strong>Responsibilities</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Deliver solutions to business problems in a metrics-driven data-informed way, working backwards from these outcomes to define concrete projects that leverage Contracting and related systems.</li>
<li>Build a high performing team owning a critical area for the business. Mentor and grow engineers to become leaders of the area.</li>
<li>Manage relationships and stakeholders across many internal partner teams at Stripe, with a keen understanding of the needs and requirements from all sides of the business.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Partner with other EMs and technical leads of Seller Systems to evolve our architectural north star.</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Who you are</strong></h2>
<p>We are looking for an experienced Engineering Manager who meets the minimum requirements for this role. While preferred qualifications are a plus, they are not essential. We value individuals who are passionate about simplifying complexity to address real-world business challenges.</p>
<p><strong>Minimum Requirements</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>10+ years experience building software systems, including both experience building user-facing products and internal platforms leveraged by other engineering teams</li>
<li>5+ years of management experience</li>
<li>You have a user-first mindset; you care deeply about the product experience and the users who rely on the systems you build</li>
<li>You have a track record of growing and managing senior and staff engineers as well as early career engineers</li>
<li>You are capable of working in ambiguous fast-moving environments and have a curiosity to learn the domain to a deep level</li>
<li>You thrive on a high level of autonomy and responsibility</li>
<li>You have strong collaboration skills to work effectively across multiple teams and stakeholders and ship complex initiatives</li>
<li>You can communicate complex technical topics exceptionally clearly</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Preferred Qualifications</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Experience working in high-growth teams similar to Stripe.</li>
<li>A track record of delivering hybrid (a mixture of first and third-party) system solutions for critical business problems&nbsp;</li>
<li>Prior experience working in the domain of AI extraction from complex documents</li>
<li>Knowledge of Seller or Contracting Lifecycle Management (CLM) systems&nbsp;</li>
<li>If you meet the minimum requirements, we encourage you to apply.</li>
<li>Preferred qualifications are beneficial but not mandatory.</li>
</ul>