<p>Canonical is a leading provider of open source software and operating systems to the global enterprise and technology markets. Our platform, Ubuntu, is very widely used in breakthrough enterprise initiatives such as public cloud, data science, AI, engineering innovation and IoT. Our customers include the world's leading public cloud and silicon providers, and industry leaders in many sectors. The company is a pioneer of global distributed collaboration, with 1100+ colleagues in 75+ countries and very few office based roles. Teams meet two to four times yearly in person, in interesting locations around the world, to align on strategy and execution.</p>
<p>The company is founder led, profitable and growing.</p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 300;">Location: This is an office based role. We expect the suitable candidate to be based in Xizhi District, New Taipet City as you will be required to work on-site at our lab.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 300;">This is a Python software engineering opportunity for a computer lab engineer passionate about open source software, Linux, and the latest server and network technologies. Come build a rewarding, meaningful career working with the best and brightest people in technology at Canonical, a growing international software company. If you love hacking in your home lab and are curious about hardware, you will love this opportunity.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 300;">As an Python Engineer - Data Center Hardware Integration in Canonical, you will be responsible for the day-to-day management and operations of our lab in Taipei which serves as a centre point for Ubuntu server certification of US based silicon and server designs. This includes software defined hardware management, working with, and developing data centre automation tooling (MAAS), interacting with vendors, asset tracking and handling deliveries.&nbsp;&nbsp;</span></p>
<h2><span style="font-weight: 300;"><strong>What your day will look like</strong></span></h2>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Own a fully automated server lab with the latest server and network silicon from leading vendors.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Use your Python development skills to develop the Metal as a Service (MAAS) software to work with a large variety of server and network hardware.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Actively expand MAAS functionality by creating integrations with testing and scheduling software such as Testflinger.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Manage the physical setup of the lab, ensure it is well structured and tidy, and execute changes either self or through remote hands.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Work to standardise processes, configurations, and procedures in cooperation with engineers in our other data centres.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Improve and extend hardware and network monitoring through automation.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Regularly update asset management tools to ensure accuracy and completeness of the lab’s hardware.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Update of equipment firmware when appropriate/needed.</span></li>
</ul>
<h2><span style="font-weight: 300;"><strong>What we are looking for in you</strong></span></h2>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Bachelor’s degree, preferably in Computer Science or Software Engineering</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Python programming experience</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Linux Administration experience</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Mix of Rack and Virtual systems experience</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Able to communicate clearly and effectively in English</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Strong time management skills</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Ability to manage competing priorities</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Ability to work with a globally distributed team of passionate engineers<br></span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">An exceptional academic track record from both high school and preferably university</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Willingness to travel up to 4 times a year for internal events</span></li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>What we offer colleagues</strong></h2>
<p>We consider geographical location, experience, and performance in shaping compensation worldwide. We revisit compensation annually (and more often for graduates and associates) to ensure we recognise outstanding performance. In addition to base pay, we offer a performance-driven annual bonus. We provide all team members with additional benefits, which reflect our values and ideals. We balance our programs to meet local needs and ensure fairness globally.</p>
<ul>
<li>Distributed work environment with twice-yearly team sprints in person - we’ve been working remotely since 2004!</li>
<li>Personal learning and development budget of USD 2,000 per year</li>
<li>Annual compensation review</li>
<li>Recognition rewards</li>
<li>Annual holiday leave</li>
<li>Maternity and paternity leave</li>
<li>Employee Assistance Programme</li>
<li>Opportunity to travel to new locations to meet colleagues from your team and others</li>
<li>Priority Pass for travel and travel upgrades for long haul company events</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>About Canonical</strong></h2>
<p>Canonical is a pioneering tech firm that is at the forefront of the global move to open source. As the company that publishes Ubuntu, one of the most important open source projects and the platform for AI, IoT and the cloud, we are changing the world on a daily basis. We recruit on a global basis and set a very high standard for people joining the company. We expect excellence - in order to succeed, we need to be the best at what we do.</p>
<p>Canonical has been a remote-first company since its inception in 2004.​ Work at Canonical is a step into the future, and will challenge you to think differently, work smarter, learn new skills, and raise your game. Canonical provides a unique window into the world of 21st-century digital business.</p>
<h2><strong>Canonical is an equal opportunity employer</strong></h2>
<p>We are proud to foster a workplace free from discrimination. Diversity of experience, perspectives, and background create a better work environment and better products. <a href="https://canonical.com/careers/diversity/identity">Whatever your identity, we will give your application fair consideration.</a></p>
<p>#LI-Onsite</p>