<div class="content-intro"><p>Fastly helps people stay better connected with the things they love. Fastly’s edge cloud platform enables customers to create great digital experiences quickly, securely, and reliably by processing, serving, and securing our customers’ applications as close to their end-users as possible — at the edge of the Internet. The platform is designed to take advantage of the modern internet, to be programmable, and to support agile software development. Fastly’s customers include many of the world’s most prominent companies, including GitHub, Yelp, Paramount, and JetBlue.</p>
<p>We're building a more trustworthy Internet. Come join us.</p></div><p>&nbsp;</p>
<h2><strong><strong>CSOC Engineer-&nbsp; Security Automation</strong></strong></h2>
<p>Fastly is seeking a Security Automation Engineer for our Customer Security Operations Center (CSOC) team, where you'll help design, operate, and evolve the internal security platform and tools that enable our Security Analysts to keep our customers safe.</p>
<p>Day to day, you'll work across the entire stack of our bespoke SIEM and SOAR platform - designing systems, writing production-grade code, and shipping features that have a direct impact on how we protect our customers. You'll work closely with our Security Analysts to deeply understand their challenges, then develop automated security workflows that solve those problems, ensuring the right information is presented at the right time. You'll spot inefficiencies in how we detect and respond to security incidents, and build the tools to eliminate them.</p>
<h3><strong><strong>What You'll Do</strong></strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>
<h4>Design, develop, and refactor our custom internal security platform across both the backend(FastAPI) and frontend(React)</h4>
</li>
<li>
<h4>Partner with security analysts to turn manual workflows into automated, reliable processes</h4>
</li>
<li>
<h4>Work with our infrastructure in GCP, using Kubernetes for orchestration and Terraform for resource management</h4>
</li>
<li>
<h4>Leverage our monitoring and alerting tools (Prometheus/Grafana) to detect failures early and maintain high availability across the internal security platform the team owns</h4>
</li>
<li>
<h4>Build and maintain API integrations that connect our detection tools, ticketing systems, and customer environments</h4>
</li>
<li>
<h4>Champion code quality through code reviews, testing practices and CI/CD pipelines.</h4>
</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong><strong>What We're Looking For</strong></strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>
<p><strong>At least 3 years building and shipping software in a production environment</strong></p>
</li>
<li>
<p><strong>Solid proficiency in Python, JavaScript and/or Golang.</strong></p>
</li>
<li>
<p><strong>Hands-on experience with Docker, Kubernetes, and cloud providers (we use GCP)</strong></p>
</li>
<li>
<p><strong>You know when to build a complex system and when a simple solution is the right call. You care about testing, code quality and monitoring your applications.</strong></p>
</li>
<li>
<p><strong>You can explain technical trade-offs clearly and collaborate effectively with a distributed team across time zones.</strong></p>
</li>
<li>
<p><strong>Experience guiding and coaching team members, helping others grow alongside you</strong></p>
</li>
<li>
<p><strong>You pick up new skills quickly and share what you've learned with the broader team</strong></p>
</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<h3><strong><strong>We'll Be Super Impressed If You Have Experience In Any Of These</strong></strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>
<p><strong>Building or maintaining a custom SIEM or SOAR platform</strong></p>
</li>
<li>
<p><strong>Working with Event-driven architectures or message queues (e.g. Kafka, Pub/Sub)</strong></p>
</li>
<li>
<p><strong>Previous experience at a CDN, cloud provider, or high-traffic platforms</strong></p>
</li>
<li>
<p><strong>Working with geographically dispersed teams</strong></p>
</li>
</ul>
<p><strong><strong>Work Hours</strong></strong></p>
<p>This position will require you to work during scheduled hours from 7:30 PM – 4:30 AM IST&nbsp;<br>Work Location(s) &amp; Travel Requirements:&nbsp;</p>
<p>This position is open to the following preferred office location ONLY:</p>
<p>Pune, India</p>
<p><br>Fastly currently embraces a largely hybrid model for most roles which allows employees some flexibility to split their time between the office and home.</p>
<p>This position may require travel as required by your role or requested by your manager.</p>
<p><strong>Salary:</strong></p>
<p>Starting salary may vary based on permissible, non-discriminatory factors such as experience, skills, qualifications, and location.</p>
<p>This role may be eligible to participate in Fastly’s equity and discretionary bonus programs.</p>
<p><strong>Benefits:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>We care about you. Fastly works hard to create a positive environment for our employees, and we think your life outside of work is important too. We support our teams with great benefits that start on the first day of your employment with Fastly. Curious about our offerings?&nbsp;</p>
<p>We offer a comprehensive benefits package designed to meet your needs. Our offerings may vary depending on the country where you work and are subject to change.</p><div class="content-conclusion"><p><strong>Why Fastly?</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>
<p><strong>We have a huge impact.</strong>&nbsp;Fastly is a small company with a big reach. Not only do<a class="external-link" href="https://www.fastly.com/customers" target="\_blank">&nbsp;our customers</a>&nbsp;have a tremendous user base, but we also support a growing number of<a class="external-link" href="https://www.fastly.com/open-source/" target="\_blank">&nbsp;open source projects and initiatives</a>.&nbsp;Outside of code, employees are encouraged to share causes close to their heart with others so we can help lend a supportive hand.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p><strong>We value diversity.</strong>&nbsp;Growing and maintaining our inclusive and diverse team matters to us. We are committed to being a company where our employees feel comfortable bringing their authentic selves to work and have the ability to be successful -- every day.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p><strong>We are passionate.</strong>&nbsp;Fastly is chock full of passionate people and we’re not ‘one size fits all’. Fastly employs authors, pilots, skiers, parents (of humans and animals), makeup geeks, coffee connoisseurs, and more. We love employees for who they are and what they are passionate about.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>We’re always looking for humble, sharp, and creative folks to join the Fastly team. If you think you might be a fit please apply!</strong><strong> A fully completed application and resume or CV are required when applying.</strong></p>
<p><em>All job applications must be submitted through our official careers site at </em><a href="http://www.fastly.com/careers"><em>www.fastly.com/about/careers</em></a><em>. We will never request sensitive information, such as your Social Security number, bank account or credit card information during the application process. All official communication will come from an @</em><a href="http://fastly.com"><em>fastly.com</em></a><em> or @</em><a href="http://recruiting.fastly.com"><em>recruiting.fastly.com</em></a><em> email address. </em></p>
<p><em><span style="font-weight: 400;">Fastly is committed to ensuring equal employment opportunity and to providing employees with a safe and welcoming work environment free of discrimination and harassment. Our employment decisions are based on business needs, job requirements and individual qualifications.</span></em><em><span style="font-weight: 400;"> All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, family or parental status, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances.</span></em></p>
<p><em><span style="font-weight: 400;">Consistent with the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) and federal or state disability laws, Fastly will provide reasonable accommodations for applicants and employees with disabilities. If reasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and/or to receive other benefits and privileges of employment, please contact your Recruiter, or the Fastly Employee Relations team at </span></em><a href="mailto:candidateaccommodations@fastly.com"><em><span style="font-weight: 400;">candidateaccommodations@fastly.com</span></em></a><em><span style="font-weight: 400;"> or 501-287-4901.&nbsp; </span></em></p>
<p><em>Fastly collects and processes personal data submitted by job applicants in accordance with our<a class="external-link" href="https://www.fastly.com/privacy" target="\_blank">&nbsp;Privacy Policy</a>. Please see our<a class="external-link" href="https://www.fastly.com/privacy-job-applicants" target="\_blank">&nbsp;privacy notice for job applicants</a>.</em></p></div>