<div class="content-intro"><h3>About ClickHouse</h3>
<p>Recognized on the 2025 Forbes Cloud 100 list, ClickHouse is one of the most innovative and fast-growing private cloud companies. With more than 3,000 customers and ARR that has grown over 250 percent year over year, ClickHouse leads the market in real-time analytics, data warehousing, observability, and AI workloads.</p>
<p>The company’s sustained, accelerating momentum was recently validated by a $400M Series D financing round. Over the past three months, customers including Capital One, Lovable, Decagon, Polymarket, and Airwallex have adopted the platform or expanded existing deployments. These customers join an established base of AI innovators and global brands such as Meta, Cursor, Sony, and Tesla.</p>
<p>We’re on a mission to transform how companies use data. Come be a part of our journey!</p></div><div>As a Commercial AE, you’ll own and drive our core EMEA business — partnering with a diverse range of industries and some of the most exciting high growth companies in the region, including innovators like Lovable and Laravel. This is a high impact role at the centre of our growth engine.<br><br>You’ll be closing consistent six-figure cloud deals while also developing a more strategic enterprise motion — navigating complex sales cycles, securing executive alignment, and building long term commercial partnerships.<br><br><strong>What you'll be doing:</strong></div>
<ul>
<li>Close consistent six figure Cloud deals while building a strong pipeline of both high velocity and strategic opportunities.</li>
<li>Navigate complex sales cycles with confidence — aligning technical champions and executive stakeholders to secure strategic commercial commitments.</li>
<li>Build and own your territory — generating pipeline, progressing opportunities, and closing short term Cloud monthly contracts while simultaneously developing longer-term enterprise business.</li>
<li>Evangelise ClickHouse’s vision and differentiated cloud-native architecture to drive adoption across fast-scaling, digitally native organisations.</li>
<li>Take a consultative, solution led approach to selling, clearly articulating business impact, performance gains, and cost efficiencies.</li>
<li>Drive awareness and adoption of ClickHouse Cloud, positioning it as the data engine of choice for real-time analytics, observability, and AI-powered workloads.</li>
<li>Maintain disciplined pipeline management in Salesforce, ensuring accurate forecasting, clear qualification, and strong deal hygiene.</li>
<li>Deliver reliable monthly forecasts and operate with accountability and precision.</li>
<li>Contribute to the broader ClickHouse ecosystem by engaging in local developer communities, attending meetups, and helping build market presence.</li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>What You Bring</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Proven ability to manage cross functional resources — from dedicated teams to executive staff, to drive successful outcomes.</li>
<li>Expertise aligning <strong>cloud solutions</strong> with customer business needs, challenges, and technical requirements.</li>
<li><strong>5+ of experience</strong> in open source software business models preferred; strong background in <strong>cloud and infrastructure software</strong> required.</li>
<li>Passion for building long-lasting customer relationships and working cross-functionally in a diverse, global team.</li>
<li>Excellent <strong>communication, negotiation, and presentation skills</strong>, with strong business and technical acumen.</li>
<li><strong data-start="274" data-end="355">Professional fluency in Swedish or Danish (written and spoken) is required for this role.</strong></li>
</ul>
<h3><strong>Bonus Points For</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>Entrepreneurial mindset with a proven record of delivering results in fast moving environments.</li>
<li>Experience working effectively in a <strong>remote-first, global organization</strong>.</li>
<li>Prior success selling&nbsp;<strong>databases</strong> or deploying applications with major cloud providers.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>#LI-VR1</p><div class="content-conclusion"><h3><strong>Compensation</strong></h3>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">For roles based in the&nbsp;<strong>United States</strong>, t</span>he typical starting salary range for this position is listed above. In certain locations, such as the San Francisco Bay Area and the New York City Metro Area, a premium market range may apply, as listed.</p>
<p class="p1">These salary ranges reflect what we reasonably and in good faith believe to be the minimum and maximum pay for this role at the time of posting. The actual compensation may be higher or lower than the amounts listed, and the ranges may be subject to future adjustments.</p>
<p class="p1">An individual’s placement within the range will depend on various factors, including (but not limited to) education, qualifications, certifications, experience, skills, location, performance, and the needs of the business or organization.</p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">If you have any questions or comments about compensation as a candidate, please get in touch with us at&nbsp;<a href="mailto:paytransparency@clickhouse.com">paytransparency@clickhouse.com</a>.</span></p>
<h3><strong>Perks</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><strong>Flexible work environment</strong><span style="font-weight: 400;"> - ClickHouse is a globally distributed company and remote-friendly. We currently operate in over 20 countries.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><strong>Healthcare</strong><span style="font-weight: 400;"> - Employer contributions towards your healthcare.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><strong>Equity in the company</strong><span style="font-weight: 400;"> - Every new team member who joins our company receives stock options.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><strong>Time off</strong><span style="font-weight: 400;"> - Flexible time off in the US, generous entitlement in other countries.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><strong>A $500 Home office setup </strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">if you’re a remote employee.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 400;"><strong>Global Gatherings </strong>– We believe in the power of in-person connection and offer opportunities to engage with colleagues at company-wide offsites.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Culture - We All Shape It</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">As part of a rapidly scaling start up, you will be instrumental in shaping our culture.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Are you interested in finding out more about our culture? &nbsp;Learn more about our values <a href="https://clickhouse.com/company/careers">here</a>.&nbsp; Check out our<a href="https://clickhouse.com/blog"> blog posts</a> or follow us on <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/company/clickhouseinc/life/0c1ee7f4-2129-488d-b413-e7f6270659fd/?viewAsMember=true">LinkedIn</a> to find out more about what’s happening at ClickHouse.</span></p>
<p><strong>Equal Opportunity &amp; Privacy&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>ClickHouse provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any type based on factors such as race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws.&nbsp;</p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Please see&nbsp;<a href="https://clickhouse.com/legal/applicant-privacy-notice" target="\_blank" data-saferedirecturl="https://www.google.com/url?q=https://www.elastic.co/legal/applicant-privacy-statement&amp;source=gmail&amp;ust=1611068262479000&amp;usg=AFQjCNG3orAPk5sJIr9WVm0ZDxYw82c5DA">here</a>&nbsp;for our Privacy Statement.</span></p></div>