<div id="1685003316.670369" class="c-virtual\_list\_\_item c-virtual\_list\_\_item--initial-activeitem" data-qa="virtual-list-item" data-item-key="1685003316.670369">
<div class="c-message\_kit\_\_background c-message\_kit\_\_background--hovered p-message\_pane\_message\_\_message c-message\_kit\_\_message" data-qa="message\_container" data-qa-unprocessed="false" data-qa-placeholder="false">
<div class="c-message\_kit\_\_hover c-message\_kit\_\_hover--hovered" data-qa-hover="true">
<div class="c-message\_kit\_\_actions c-message\_kit\_\_actions--above">
<div class="c-message\_kit\_\_gutter">&nbsp;</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<h4><span style="font-weight: 900;">Role OVO-view</span></h4>
<p><strong>Location:</strong> Bristol</p>
<p><strong>Team:</strong> OVO Care, Account Management.</p>
<p><strong>Salary banding: </strong>Starting base salary of £25,950 which will increase to £26,770 once your training and probation period are completed. This is usually within 9 months, although can be quicker depending on previous experience!</p>
<p><strong>Experience</strong><strong>:</strong> Learner - customer facing in a service environment with digital experience and problem solving skills advantageous</p>
<p><strong>Working pattern:</strong><strong> </strong>Full time - 37 hours per week&nbsp;(Shift times are between 8am - 6:15pm Monday to Friday and one Saturday per month from 9am - 2pm)</p>
<p><strong>Sponsorship: </strong>We are unable to offer sponsorship for this role.</p>
<p><strong>This role in 3 words:</strong> Fun, rewarding, customer-centric</p>
<p><strong>Top 3 qualities for this role:</strong> Communication, great teammate, creative thinking</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Start dates for Bristol :&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p><strong>8th June 2026</strong></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Where you’ll work:</strong></p>
<p>At OVO, we understand that a one size fits all approach doesn’t work for everyone. That’s why we created the OVO Way of Flexibility.</p>
<p>All our roles are hub based (Bristol or Glasgow), providing a dedicated space for collaboration, connection and teamwork. You’ll also have the flexibility to work from home.</p>
<p>For this role, you'll need to be based within a reasonable distance from our offices (30 miles) and able to travel into our Glasgow hub. The expectation is 2 days per week in office during the training period and then will be 2 days per month once you're in your squad.</p>
<p><strong>Everyone belongs at OVO</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">At OVO, we are on a mission to solve one of humanity's biggest challenges, the climate crisis. And we know it takes all of us to change the world. That's why we need diverse people from all gender identities, ethnicities, ages, sexual orientations, life experiences and backgrounds to join us.</span></p>
<p><strong>Teamworking for the planet</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Everything we do here spins around </span><a href="https://company.ovo.com/planzero/"><span style="font-weight: 400;">Plan Zero.</span></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> So, naturally, the team you’ll be joining plays a gigantic role in making that happen. Here’s how:</span></p>
<p>Our way of working enables us to treat our customers as individuals. We understand their needs in a personal and relevant way, resolving their queries as quickly as possible; we call this Account Management.</p>
<p>We're working together in squads with the same zero-carbon goal in mind; it's not just a way of working - it's a culture and a mentality. Squad life is all about self-managing as a group and making decisions together.</p>
<p>With Plan Zero at front of mind, we're all about making things better, looking for opportunities to deliver customer value in a constantly evolving landscape. Squads are encouraged to try innovative approaches, learning and adapting quickly are core to our development culture.</p>
<p>We embrace challenges, continuously provide feedback and pro-actively seek opportunities to improve, innovate, and progress towards a zero carbon future.</p>
<p><strong>This role in a nutshell:</strong></p>
<p>As a Zero Carbon Living Advisor, your role is to provide consistently outstanding service to OVO’s customers across the entire customer lifecycle; this will include some of OVO’s most vulnerable customers. You serve to solve, ensuring customer’s needs are met whilst informing and educating on our Plan Zero mission and connecting them with products and services that support home decarbonisation. This is a telephony based role so you’ll be resolving customer inbound queries through calls, and some emails.</p>
<p><strong>Your key outcomes will be:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Engaging with OVO’s customers, communicating with passion across phone, and occasionally via email.</li>
<li>Quickly understand the root cause of customer contact, taking ownership for solving queries first time to prevent repeat contact.</li>
<li>Coach your teammates in areas where you have a deeper level of knowledge or skill - this might be to help answer a customer query in the moment or to enhance the overall knowledge across the squad.</li>
<li>Take ownership for the success of the entire squad. We believe the strength of the squad is each individual advisor, but the strength of each advisor is the squad.</li>
<li>Autonomously manage your day, ensuring the overall objectives of the squad are achieved.</li>
<li>Prepare, attend and actively contribute at squad meetings as appropriate.</li>
<li>Identify and implement continuous improvement efforts in both squad ways of working and customer experience.</li>
<li>Be an OVO ambassador, promoting our range of products &amp; services to customers.</li>
<li>Be empowered to have strong conversations to promote our products &amp; services that we offer to our customers to help promote a Zero Carbon Living.</li>
<li>Take accountability for your own development and using the tools provided to allow yourself to have strong conversations around our new and existing products.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>You’ll be successful&nbsp;</strong><strong>in this role</strong><strong> at OVO if you…</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Enjoy working in a fast paced customer service environment, and have a real passion for providing outstanding customer service and an eye for continuous improvement.</li>
<li>Demonstrate our OVO values and be an advocate of Plan Zero.</li>
<li>Have experience of cross selling.</li>
<li>Enjoy working as part of a team but also thrive independently.</li>
<li>Are a brilliant communicator, particularly on the phone. You’re comfortable talking to wide range of people about a variety of queries.</li>
<li>Have a passion for helping and supporting vulnerable customers.</li>
<li>Are strong at showing empathy, understanding and compassion to our customers’ circumstances. At times you may need to have in-depth and sensitive conversations with customers.</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Let’s talk about what’s in it for you</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">As well as a base salary of £25,950 which rises to £26,770 once you reach Level 2 (usually after 6-9 months but depends on each individual). You’ll also be eligible to qualify for a monthly incentive which is based on squad achieving performance measures.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We also offer plenty of green benefits and progressive policies to help you feel like you belong at OVO…and there’s flex pay.&nbsp; It’s an extra 9% of your salary on top of your core pay to use as you like. You can take it as cash, add to your pension, or choose to spend it on a huge range of flex benefits. </span><span style="font-weight: 400;"><br></span><span style="font-weight: 400;"><br></span><span style="font-weight: 400;">Here’s a taster of what’s on offer:&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">For starters, you’ll get 34 days of holiday (including bank holidays). </span><span style="font-weight: 400;"><br></span><span style="font-weight: 400;"><br></span><strong>For your health</strong><strong><br></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">With benefits like a healthcare cash plan or private medical insurance depending on your career level, critical illness cover, life assurance, health assessments, and more</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"><br></span><strong><br></strong><strong>For your wellbeing</strong><strong><br></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">With gym membership, gadget, travel and cyber insurance, workplace ISA, will writing services, DNA testing, dental insurance, and more </span><strong><br></strong><strong><br></strong><strong>For your lifestyle </strong><strong><br></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">With extra holiday buying, discount dining, culture cards, tech loans, and supporting your favourite charities with give-as-you-earn donations</span><span style="font-weight: 400;"><br></span><span style="font-weight: 400;"><br></span><strong>For your home&nbsp; </strong><strong><br></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">Get up to £400 towards any OVO Energy plan , plus personal carbon offsetting and great discounts on smart thermostats and EV chargers.</span></p>
<p><strong>For your commute&nbsp;</strong><strong><br></strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">Nab a great deal on ultra-low emission car leasing</span><strong>, </strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">plus our cycle to work scheme and public transport season ticket loans </span><span style="font-weight: 400;"><br></span><span style="font-weight: 400;"><br></span><span style="font-weight: 400;">Want to hear about our full range of flexible benefits and progressive people policies? Our People Team can tell you everything you need to know.</span></p>
<p><strong>For your Belonging</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">To find better ways to support our people, we need to listen to each other’s experiences and find ways to build a truly inclusive and diverse workplace. As part of this, we have 8 Belonging Networks at OVO. Led by our people, for our people - so when you join OVO, you can play a part - big or small - with any of the Networks. It's up to you.</span></p>
<p><strong>Oh, and one last thing...</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">We’d be thrilled if you tick off all our boxes yet we also believe it’s just as important we tick off all of yours. And if you think you have most of what we’re looking for but not every single thing, go ahead and hit </span><strong>apply</strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">. We’d still love to hear from you!</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">If you have any additional requirements, there’s a space to let us know on the application form; we want to make the process as easy and comfortable for you as possible..</span></p>