<p><strong>About this opportunity:</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 300;">As a Research Associate II on Freenome’s Scientific Operations team, you will be responsible for all things related to biospecimen accessioning as well as processing of whole blood samples into plasma, while also supporting downstream analytical testing using Freenome’s multiomics assays. &nbsp;You are passionate about the fight against cancer, and you will have a significant impact on the continued growth of an organization dedicated to changing the entire landscape of cancer.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 300;">The role reports to Manager, Scientific Operations. This role will be an onsite role based in our Brisbane, California headquarters.&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><strong>What you’ll do:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Perform routine lab work including pre-analytical sample processing, plasma isolation, and downstream genomics and proteomics assay processing.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Operate liquid handler instruments to carry out experiments.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Troubleshoot instrument and sample processing errors as needed; escalate and report issues through appropriate channels as needed.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Identify and implement process improvements across the lab by thinking critically about the execution of all experiments.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Verify all aspects of incoming specimens and assess acceptability for analytical testing.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Maintain documentation for executed experiments.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Perform equipment maintenance according to the laboratory’s standard operating procedures for the following but not limited to: Hamiltons, Biosafety Cabinets, centrifuges, freezers, refrigerators, and pipettes, as needed.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Assist with training of new laboratory personnel and training of new procedures with existing personnel.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Document all corrective actions taken when test systems deviate from the laboratory’s established performance specifications.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Report all concerns of test quality and/or safety to the Supervisor or Safety Officer.</span></li>
<li style="font-weight: 300;"><span style="font-weight: 300;">Perform other miscellaneous laboratory duties as assigned and assist others as time allows.</span><span style="font-weight: 300;"><br></span></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Must haves:</strong><strong><br></strong></p>
<ul>
<li><span style="font-weight: 300;">Bachelor’s degree or Master’s degree in molecular biology, biochemistry, genetics, chemical biology, or a related field.</span></li>
<li><span style="font-weight: 300;">2+ years relevant industry experience in a laboratory setting.</span></li>
<li><span style="font-weight: 300;">Experience working with 96 or 384 well plate format assays.</span></li>
<li><span style="font-weight: 300;">Proven track record of following SOPs, work instructions or experimental designs to completion.</span></li>
<li><span style="font-weight: 300;">Strong organizational skills and attention to detail.</span></li>
<li><span style="font-weight: 300;">Ability to work, execute, and troubleshoot protocols independently.</span><span style="font-weight: 300;"><br></span></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Nice to haves:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li><span style="font-weight: 300;">Working understanding of GLP.</span></li>
<li><span style="font-weight: 300;">Experience with NGS library preparation and/or sequencing.</span></li>
<li><span style="font-weight: 300;">Experience with ELISA, Luminex, or other immunoassays.</span></li>
<li><span style="font-weight: 300;">Familiarity with Liquid Handlers &nbsp;- Bravo, Hamilton, etc.<br></span></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Benefits and additional information:</strong></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 300;">The US target range of our </span><span style="font-weight: 300;">hourly rate</span><span style="font-weight: 300;"> for new hires is $37.68 - $46.69</span><span style="font-weight: 300;">. You will also be eligible to receive equity, cash bonuses, and a full range of medical, financial, and other benefits depending on the position offered.&nbsp; Please note that individual total compensation for this position will be determined at the Company’s sole discretion and may vary based on several factors, including but not limited to, location, skill level, years and depth of relevant experience, and education. We invite you to check out our career page @ <span style="font-weight: 300;"><em><a href="http://freenome.com/job-openings/" target="\_blank" data-saferedirecturl="https://www.google.com/url?q=http://freenome.com/job-openings/&amp;source=gmail&amp;ust=1708620295766000&amp;usg=AOvVaw0K-a4lTJ0RquYagpqS-yp4">freenome.com/job-openings/</a></em></span></span><span style="font-weight: 300;">&nbsp;for additional company information.&nbsp;&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 300;">Freenome is proud to be an equal-opportunity employer, and we value diversity. Freenome does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, marital status, age, national origin, ancestry, physical or mental disability, medical condition, pregnancy, genetic information, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, veteran status, or any other status protected under federal, state, or local </span><span style="font-weight: 300;">law.</span></p>
<p><em><span style="font-weight: 300;">Applicants have rights under Federal Employment Laws.&nbsp;&nbsp;</span></em></p>
<ul>
<li><a href="https://www.dol.gov/agencies/whd/posters/fmla" target="\_blank"><em><span style="font-weight: 300;">Family &amp; Medical Leave Act (FMLA)</span></em></a></li>
<li><a href="https://www.dol.gov/agencies/ofccp/posters" target="\_blank"><em><span style="font-weight: 300;">Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO)</span></em></a></li>
<li><a href="https://www.dol.gov/agencies/whd/posters/employee-polygraph-protection-act" target="\_blank"><em><span style="font-weight: 300;">Employee Polygraph Protection Act (EPPA)</span></em></a></li>
</ul>
<p><span style="color: #ecf0f1;"><em><span style="font-weight: 300;">#LI-ONSITE</span></em></span></p>