<div class="content-intro"><h2><span data-sheets-root="1">About Wolt</span></h2>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">At Wolt, we create technology that brings joy, simplicity and earnings to the neighborhoods of the world. In 2014 we started with delivery of restaurant food. Now we’re building the delivery of (almost) everything and you’ll find us in over 500 cities in 30 countries around the world. In 2022 we joined forces with DoorDash and together we keep on dreaming big and expanding across the globe.<br><br>Working at Wolt isn’t always easy, but it’s definitely exciting. Here you’ll learn more, build more, and ship more than in most other companies. You’ll be challenged a lot, but also have a lot of fun on the way. So, if you’re a self-starter with drive and entrepreneurial spirit, this could be the ride of your life.</span></p></div><p>At Wolt, as a part of Doordash, we’re building the industry’s most scalable and reliable delivery platform to support our three-sided marketplace of consumers, merchants, and courier partners.&nbsp;</p>
<h2>What makes our team unique</h2>
<ul>
<li>Our global Security team aspires to be the world’s most admired security team, with members across EU, UK and North America (operating as Wolt, Deliveroo and Doordash).</li>
<li>We’re shaping our next generation infrastructure that is hardened from the ground up. This is a rare opportunity - no legacy tech or off-the-shelf product solutions. There is a lot to do around this new development as well as our “classic” platforms of the three companies.</li>
<li>The greater team is not just information security - we’re more holistic, and also physical security and safety are a part of our global operations.</li>
</ul>
<h2>Day-to-day in this role you’ll:</h2>
<ul>
<li>Identify and prioritize risk-reducing and engineering-enabling improvements, and then implement and build them, for our infrastructure and cloud security. This may involve the cloud, access controls, the management plane, or just about any other part of infrastructure we have, across any of our platforms. Implementation and building may range from configuring services as infrastructure as code to actual coding of new features.</li>
<li>Solve security-related questions and implement requests related to our infrastructure security, including reactive fixes related to vulnerabilities or design flaws.</li>
<li>Guide our engineering teams related to security, privacy and technical compliance.</li>
</ul>
<p>Over time, your role can evolve depending on your interests and skills. Our company is&nbsp; a large place and there’s a lot to do!</p>
<p>This position is ideal for someone who would describe themselves as a cloud sysadmin, having an SRE role, or being a DevOps engineer. You are likely to have at least 5 years of full-time experience working in information technology.</p>
<p>As the Security team sometimes needs to address high-priority security issues as well as ensure the availability of the components we have built, this position includes an on-call duty. On-call compensation and terms will be agreed separately in accordance with the local employment law.</p>
<h2>Our humble expectations</h2>
<ul>
<li>Have hands-on experience with AWS, Kubernetes and how modern microservice architectures work. This is a “must” requirement.</li>
<li>Are quick to form good working relationships with engineers who are building our platforms, as well as their engineering and product management.</li>
<li>Are quick to learn nuances in a wide variety of additional services that relate to running a low-latency, high-availability infrastructure.</li>
<li>Are fluent in at least one programming language, even if this comes from a hobby background.</li>
<li>Have a strong work ethic, are organized and follow things through.</li>
<li>Can communicate clearly and provide good visibility to issues as they progress.</li>
<li>Can see through issues that have many aspects and different - often also non-technical and business-related - considerations.</li>
<li>Are not scared of submitting and reviewing Pull Requests.</li>
<li>And as Wolt’s company language is English, you’d need to be fluent in both spoken and written English.</li>
</ul>
<p>This position is open in our Wolt hubs in Berlin, Germany, or Helsinki, Finland, and will be a part of the Global Security Engineering team.</p>
<h2>Next steps</h2>
<p>The position will be filled as soon as we find the right person, so make sure to apply as soon as you realize you really want to join us!</p>
<p><iframe src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/Ncz4s\_oBczc" width="560" height="314"></iframe></p><div class="content-conclusion"><h2><span data-sheets-root="1">Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion</span></h2>
<p><span data-sheets-root="1">We’re committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. That’s why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.</span></p></div>