<div class="content-intro"><p><strong><em>🚀 We’re on a mission to make money work for everyone.</em></strong></p>
<p>We’re waving goodbye to the complicated and confusing ways of traditional banking.</p>
<p>After starting as a prepaid card, our product offering has grown a lot in the last 10 years in the UK. As well as&nbsp;<a href="https://monzo.com/current-account/personal">personal</a> and <a href="https://monzo.com/business-banking">business</a> bank accounts, we offer <a href="https://monzo.com/current-account/joint-account">joint accounts</a>, <a href="https://monzo.com/current-account/16-17">accounts for 16-17 year olds</a>, a <a href="https://monzo.com/current-account/under-16s">free kids account</a> and <a href="https://monzo.com/flex">credit cards</a> in the UK, with more exciting things to come beyond. Our UK customers can also <a href="https://monzo.com/savings">save</a>, <a href="https://monzo.com/investments">invest </a>and&nbsp;<a href="https://monzo.com/pensions">combine their pensions</a> with us.&nbsp;</p>
<p>With our hot coral cards and get-paid-early feature, combined with financial education on social media and our award winning customer service, we have a long history of creating magical moments for our customers!</p>
<p>We’re not about selling products - we want to solve problems and change lives through Monzo ❤️</p>
<hr>
<p>&nbsp;</p></div><p>📍Dublin | 💰€57,000 - €72,000 + <a href="https://monzo.com/careers/">Benefits</a>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>\*This is a 12 months fixed term contract\*</strong></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>⭐ Our EA team</strong></p>
<p>We’re looking for an experienced Executive Assistant to join our EA team to support our CEO, COO and CFO for Monzo EU 🇪🇺</p>
<p>We know that an excellent EA leads to better outcomes for our customers by enabling the performance of the Executive they support. This is why we are looking for a passionate, ambitious EA who relishes working in a fast paced environment where they have an opportunity to make a real difference.&nbsp;</p>
<p>You’ll be joining a close knit community of EAs at Monzo, 16 based in London and 2 in the US, who play a critical role in keeping Monzo running smoothly and continuously raising the bar for exceptional support.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>🔑 You’ll play a key role by...</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Managing our leaders’ time to ensure their diaries are accurate, free from clashes, prioritised and creating space for them to get work done. Anticipating changes and proactively supporting them to keep their plates spinning.</li>
<li>Supporting our leaders with their important weekly meetings whether that is with agenda, deck preparation, taking minutes or following up on actions.</li>
<li>Keeping your finger on the pulse of their world by proactively managing their inbox and keeping it clear of clutter and escalating important information to ensure it is addressed in a timely manner.</li>
<li>Relationship building across your leaders organisation and the wider company to keep your finger on the pulse of engagement.&nbsp;</li>
<li>Owning the logistics of your leaders work life and their events. This could look like arranging day to day transport and accommodation, planning away days and socials for their team or ensuring they have a meeting room for every meeting.</li>
<li>Working as part of an Executive Office, collaborating with the Chief of Staff and People Partner to deliver for your exec.&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p>While your focus will be on the leader that you’re supporting there will also be opportunities to get involved in project work and other initiatives across the organisation that interest you.&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>🤩 We’d love to hear from you if…</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>You have experience working as an EA previously within a fast paced environment. (While not a requirement, previous experience in a start-up or scale up is preferable)</li>
<li>You’re resilient and tenacious in your approach to getting things done and you’re not afraid to ask questions to gather the context you need to work autonomously</li>
<li>You are excited by the opportunity to be involved in a broad surface area&nbsp; and able to context switch with ease.</li>
<li>You have excellent communication skills with a proven ability to write and adapt style to different audiences</li>
<li>You enjoy work where attention to detail is a key strength</li>
<li>You enjoy collaborating as a team to get things done</li>
<li>You have prior experience using Google suite &amp; Slack or similar tools.&nbsp;</li>
</ul>
<p>Unfortunately we cannot provide sponsorship for this position.&nbsp;</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>The Interview Process:</strong></p>
<p>Our interview process involves 4 main stages:&nbsp;</p>
<ul>
<li><strong>Recruiter Call</strong> (30 min): One of our Hiring team will reach out to you for an introductory conversation.&nbsp;</li>
<li><strong>Take home task</strong>&nbsp;</li>
<li><strong>Final interviews </strong>(2 x 60 min interviews): Role Specific &amp; Behavioural&nbsp;</li>
<li><strong>Final call with Monzo EU CEO</strong></li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>🙌 What’s in it for you</strong></p>
<p>💰€57,000 - €72,000</p>
<p>📍This is a hybrid role is based in our Dublin office. Normally the Dublin team work 2-3 days in the office per week, but this can be flexible.&nbsp;</p>
<p>⏰ We offer flexible working hours and trust you to work enough hours to do your job well, at times that suit you and your team</p>
<p>📚Learning budget of £1,000 a year for books, training courses and conferences</p>
<p>➕And much more, see our full list of benefits <a href="https://monzo.com/careers/"><strong>here</strong></a></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>We’ll only close this role once we have enough applications for the next stage. Please submit your application as soon as possible to make sure you don’t miss out.&nbsp;</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>#LI-OH</strong></p><div class="content-conclusion"><hr>
<p><strong>Equal opportunities for everyone</strong></p>
<p>Diversity and inclusion are a priority for us and we’re making sure we have lots of support for all of our people to grow at Monzo. At Monzo, we’re embracing diversity by fostering an inclusive environment for all people to do the best work of their lives with us. This is integral to our mission of making money work for everyone. You can read more in our <a href="https://monzo.com/blog/diversity-and-inclusion">blog</a>, 2024 <a href="https://monzo.com/blog/our-2024-diversity-and-inclusion-report" target="\_blank">Diversity and Inclusion Report</a> and 2024 <a href="https://monzo.com/blog/an-update-on-our-gender-pay-gap-2024">Gender Pay Gap Report.</a></p>
<p>We’re an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be considered for employment without attention to age, ethnicity, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, family or parental status, national origin, or veteran, neurodiversity or disability status.</p>
<p>If you have a preferred name, please use it to apply. We don't need full or birth names at application stage 😊</p></div>