**OUR STORY:**

🇪🇺 Join Scaleway and shape the sovereign cloud of tomorrow !

Since 1999, we have been designing secure, sustainable infrastructures aimed at supporting the most ambitious companies.

Historically known for our dedicated servers (Dedibox), we made a strategic shift to cloud computing in 2015. Staying true to our principles of simplicity, flexibility, and technical excellence, we have become one of the leading players in Europe in the sector.

With the rise of artificial intelligence, we have strengthened our commitment, supported by the Iliad Group, which is investing €3 billion to develop a serious, sovereign AI alternative to American and Asian giants.

Every day, thanks to our fast-growing portfolio of cloud and AI products (bare metal, containerization, serverless, AI, etc.), Scaleway proudly serves thousands of customer across the private and public sector, from corporations like France Télévisions or Hachette Livre, to fast-growing startups like Photoroom and Biolevate, to institutions like the City of Copenhagen.

📍 Our offices are located in **Paris, Lille, Toulouse, Rennes, Rouen, Bordeaux and Lyon.**

**WHY WE NEED YOU ?**

Our growth is driving us to strengthen our **Hardware Architecture** team to **source and design our future hardware solutions.**

Your mission will be to translate functional requirements from our **Product teams into concrete hardware solutions (Storage, Compute, AI, HPC)** in order to **ensure the technical performance and financial relevance of our sovereign cloud infrastructure.**

**YOUR FUTURE TEAM**

We work in a collaborative and international environment where the diversity of Scalers, combined with a spirit of sharing, helps bring new projects to life every day, advancing our ambitions together.

You will join a team of experts working on **Open Hardware (OCP)** projects and engaging in c**o-design with global hardware vendors**. You will be at the heart of our infrastructure strategy, collaborating closely with Product, Engineering, and Validation teams.

Manager information: Stephane Dutilleul

**YOUR DAILY ROUTINE**

- Gather and analyze functional requirements from Product teams (Compute, AI, Storage).

- Identify optimal hardware solutions from global vendors (ODM, OEM).

- Evaluate technical specifications and drive their evolution to meet Scaleway’s standards.

- Collaborate on the customization of existing or new hardware solutions.

- Conduct cost analysis and TCO evaluations to validate project financial viability.

- Support Product teams in building business plans with hardware expertise.

- Follow the full development lifecycle of hardware solutions from design to implementation.

- Maintain a constant technology watch on market components and hardware trends.

- Synthesize and document technical choices and project progress.

- Interact daily with external vendors and internal engineering experts.

**ABOUT YOU**

**HARDSKILLS:**

- **5 to 10+ years of experience** in Hardware Architecture or Engineering.

- Expertise in server technologies **(Compute, Storage, HPC, AI).**

- Deep knowledge of the hardware vendor ecosystem **(ODM, OEM)** and components.

- Proficiency in communication protocols and **Datacenter infrastructure.**

- Ability to conduct financial evaluations and **TCO analysis.**

**SOFT SKILLS:**

- Excellent communication skills with both technical and business profiles.

- Strong ability to synthesize information and maintain rigorous documentation.

- High level of technical curiosity combined with a business-driven mindset.

- Hands-on approach with the ability to work in a laboratory environment (DC5).

- Strong alignment with strategic objectives and OKRs.

**WHAT YOU WILL FIND AT SCALEWAY ++++**

**Hybrid work:** We offer up to 3 days of remote work per week.

**Offices:** Our offices are spacious, dynamic workspaces with bold design, conveniently located near public transport. Most of our offices feature outdoor spaces (terraces) and bike parking facilities.

**Dining:** Our chef provides a healthy meal service at the headquarters, and breakfast is available across all our sites year-round. Scalers working from regional sites enjoy a Swile card for lunches.

**Well-being commitments:** Whether it’s access to a gym, daycare places, or discounted services for caring services, Scaleway is committed to supporting Scalers in maintaining a balanced life.

**International environment:** With dozens of nationalities, Scaleway offers a stimulating environment where English is as widely spoken as French.

**Career & Mobility:** Our managers value internal mobility, and opportunities to transition to other entities within the Iliad Group are accessible to all Scalers

**🚀 Why join the Scaleway adventure?**

✔ **A rich and diverse product offering:** Scaleway offers over 100 public cloud products in IaaS, PaaS, and AI.

✔ **A cutting-edge technical environment:** Scaleway provides modern infrastructures, including high-performance bare metal servers, to tackle exciting technical challenges.

✔ **Commitment to responsible cloud:** Scaleway is dedicated to a more responsible cloud, with data centers powered solely by renewable energy since 2017, minimizing our ecological footprint and holding top-level certification.

**🔜 THE NEXT STEPS …**

**Discovery call** with a recruiter (30 min)

**Interview with Stephane Dutilleul (Manager)** to discuss your skills and vision (45 min)

**Team Interview** including a technical deep dive and a live session with the manager (1h)

**Final visit** to our offices and laboratory (DC5) to meet your future colleagues.

*At Scaleway, we are committed to building an inclusive and respectful workplace where everyone has a fair opportunity to thrive.*

*All applications are considered with care, regardless of age, gender, sexual orientation, ethnic or social background, religion, disability, or any other characteristic.*

*We believe great ideas come from everywhere, and everyone which is why you should definitely apply.*