<p>We're looking for a Staff Software Engineer with deep experience in AI/ML to join the Notebooks team. Datadog Notebooks provide a flexible tool for ad-hoc data analysis, collaborative investigations, and technical documentation. Its fluidity makes it an ideal surface for agents and humans to interact. The Notebook team is building AI-driven workflows for natural-language data analysis, assisted graph generation, automated investigations, and more. You will act as a technical leader in this domain, focused on building industry-leader AI-powered features. We’re looking for a product-minded ML engineer with strong technical expertise, excellent communication skills, and a track record of driving impactful initiatives end to end.</p>
<p><em>At Datadog, we place value in our office culture - the relationships and collaboration it builds and the creativity it brings to the table. We operate as a hybrid workplace to ensure our Datadogs can create a work-life harmony that best fits them.</em></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>What You’ll Do:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Spearhead AI initiatives within Notebooks, serving as the technical owner for the design, development, and deployment of ML/AI-driven features.</li>
<li>Shape the long-term technical direction and strategy for AI workflows within Notebooks and related products.</li>
<li>Champion the full development cycle: from rapid prototyping and defining success metrics/evaluations to running experiments, iterating, and achieving production-ready scale and reliability.</li>
<li>Drive product direction with a strong user focus, always advocating for the best end-user experience.</li>
<li>Coordinate with other leaders and product teams interested in leveraging Notebooks in their AI-powered workflows.</li>
<li>Develop robust agent systems, including tools, retrieval and planning strategies, guardrails, prompt management/evaluations, fallbacks, and human-in-the-loop processes.</li>
<li>Stay up to date with industry trends, guiding the adoption of new technologies and evolving best-practices.</li>
</ul>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Who You Are:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>You have a BS/MS/PhD in a scientific field or equivalent experience</li>
<li>10+ years of relevant engineering experience, as well as experience acting as a technical lead</li>
<li>Proven track record of leading large-scale AI/ML initiatives in a product-driven environment</li>
<li>You have significant experience in model deployment, development, training, fine-tuning, and evaluation</li>
<li>You are passionate about mentoring others and cultivating a high-performing engineering culture.</li>
<li>You’re excited about leveraging AI tools to enhance how you code, solve problems, and build</li>
</ul>
<p><em>Datadog values people from all walks of life. We understand not everyone will meet all the above qualifications on day one. That's okay. If you’re passionate about technology and want to grow your skills, we encourage you to apply.</em></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Benefits and Growth:</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>Generous and competitive benefits package</li>
<li>New hire stock equity (RSUs) and employee stock purchase plan</li>
<li>Continuous career development and pathing opportunities</li>
<li>Employee-focused best in class onboarding</li>
<li>Internal mentor and cross-departmental buddy program</li>
<li>Friendly and inclusive workplace culture<br><br></li>
</ul>
<p><em>Benefits and Growth listed above may vary based on the country of your employment and the nature of your employment with Datadog.</em></p>
<p style="color: white;">#LI-Hybrid</p><div class="content-conclusion"><hr>
<p><strong>About Datadog:&nbsp;</strong></p>
<p>Datadog (NASDAQ: DDOG) is a global SaaS business, delivering a rare combination of growth and profitability. We are on a mission to break down silos and solve complexity in the cloud age by enabling digital transformation, cloud migration, and infrastructure monitoring of our customers’ entire technology stacks. Built by engineers, for engineers, Datadog is used by organizations of all sizes across a wide range of industries. Together, we champion professional development, diversity of thought, innovation, and work excellence to empower continuous growth. Join the pack and become part of a collaborative, pragmatic, and thoughtful people-first community where we solve tough problems, take smart risks, and celebrate one another. Learn more about #DatadogLife on <a href="https://www.instagram.com/datadoghq/?hl=en" target="\_blank">Instagram</a>, <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/company/datadog" target="\_blank">LinkedIn,</a> and <a href="https://learn.datadoghq.com/" target="\_blank">Datadog Learning Center. </a></p>
<hr>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="215"><strong data-renderer-mark="true">Equal Opportunity at Datadog:</strong></p>
<p>Datadog is proud to offer <a href="https://www.eeoc.gov/sites/default/files/2023-06/22-088\_EEOC\_KnowYourRights6.12ScreenRdr.pdf" target="\_blank">equal employment opportunity</a> to everyone regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity, veteran status, and other characteristics protected by law. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. Here are our <a href="https://www.datadoghq.com/legal/candidate-legal-notices/" target="\_blank">Candidate Legal Notices</a> for your reference.&nbsp;</p>
<p>Datadog endeavors to make our Careers Page accessible to all users. If you would like to contact us regarding the accessibility of our website or need assistance completing the application process, please complete <a href="https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSeoJeduEZ2NdZF\_65uZmWUrCM-zee7yADXX1s6Xr9zAGq8iKA/viewform" target="\_blank">this form</a>. This form is for accommodation requests only and cannot be used to inquire about the status of applications.&nbsp;</p>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="662"><strong data-renderer-mark="true">Privacy and AI Guidelines:</strong></p>
<p data-renderer-start-pos="662">Any information you submit to Datadog as part of your application will be processed in accordance with Datadog’s&nbsp;<a class="c-link" href="https://www.datadoghq.com/legal/applicant-candidate-privacy/" target="\_blank" data-stringify-link="https://www.datadoghq.com/legal/applicant-candidate-privacy/" data-sk="tooltip\_parent">Applicant and Candidate Privacy Notice</a>. For information on our AI policy, please visit <a href="https://www.datadoghq.com/legal/interviewing-at-datadog-ai-guidelines/" target="\_blank">Interviewing at Datadog AI Guidelines</a>.</p></div>