<h2><strong>Who we are </strong></h2>
<h3><strong>About Stripe</strong></h3>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies - from the world’s largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups - use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyone's reach while doing the most important work of your career.</span></p>
<h3>About the team</h3>
<p>The Billing Solutions Architects (SA) team is a group of specialists with a deep understanding of Stripe's products and the broader subscription, billing, and payments industry. They excel at using Stripe's platform to solve complex customer problems and collaborate with sales teams to create custom solutions and provide strategic guidance to merchants. Their contributions extend to helping achieve revenue and pipeline goals, offering insights on go-to-market plans, and providing valuable feedback to product and engineering teams</p>
<h2><strong>What you’ll do</strong></h2>
<p>You will be a key technical advisor and solutions expert, driving the adoption of our billing solutions with new and existing customers. You'll collaborate closely with sales, marketing, product, and engineering teams to ensure successful customer go-lives and influence our product roadmap based on market trends and customer needs. This involves building deep relationships with customer stakeholders, developing and delivering technical solutions, and scaling the organization's expertise through training and knowledge sharing. You’ll have the opportunity to shape the future of internet commerce - working on challenging problems at a global scale in a collaborative and innovative work environment. Your primary focus will be on expanding and strengthening Stripe's presence in the EMEA region.</p>
<h3><strong>Responsibilities</strong><span style="font-weight: 400;">&nbsp;</span></h3>
<ul>
<li><strong>Technical Expertise:</strong> Serve as the subject matter expert on our billing and revenue recognition solutions, demonstrating deep understanding of order-to-cash processes, customer journeys, and the competitive landscape.</li>
<li><strong>Solution Development:</strong> Architect elegant solutions addressing specific customer challenges, including complex integrations and customizations.</li>
<li><strong>Customer Success:</strong> Partner with sales and alliances teams to drive opportunities for our largest customers, leading solution strategy and laying groundwork for successful implementations.</li>
<li><strong>Product Influence:</strong> Act as the "voice of the customer," providing actionable insights to influence product development and feature prioritization.</li>
<li><strong>Knowledge Scaling: </strong>Create and share best practices, reusable assets, and training materials to enhance go-to-market efficiency.</li>
<li><strong>Technical Support: </strong>Help resolve complex technical issues for key customers, working with customer success and engineering teams.</li>
<li><strong>Sales Support: </strong>Represent technical aspects in sales forecasts, identify potential blockers, and propose solutions.</li>
<li><strong>Market Engagement:</strong> Participate in marketing events, including executive briefings, conferences, and trade shows.</li>
<li><strong>Regional Expertise: </strong>Develop and maintain a deep understanding of the EMEA region's market dynamics, regulatory environment, and business practices related to payments and billing solutions.</li>
</ul>
<h2><strong>Who you are</strong></h2>
<p>If you’re passionate about people, ideas, and embracing the unknown; if you see setbacks as chances to learn and grow; and if you believe in the power of focused effort to drive progress—then this is the place for you! You're encouraged to apply even if your experience doesn't precisely match the job description. At Stripe, we welcome diverse perspectives and people who think rigorously and aren't afraid to challenge assumptions.</p>
<h3><strong>Minimum requirements</strong></h3>
<ul>
<li>10+ years of experience in technical sales or pre-sales roles, focusing on solution architecture and best practices</li>
<li>5+ years of current experience in the payments, fintech, or closely related industry</li>
<li>Strong technical acumen in API integrations, SaaS platforms, and enterprise architectures, with particular emphasis on order-to-cash processes and billing systems</li>
<li>Knowledge of regional compliance and regulatory requirements related to payments and billing, including GDPR, PSD2, and local tax laws.</li>
<li>Extensive experience with subscription, billing, and payment solutions</li>
<li>Solid understanding of financial infrastructure industry trends and emerging technologies</li>
<li>Excellent communication skills, with the ability to articulate complex technical concepts to diverse audiences</li>
<li>Executive presence and strong relationship-building skills</li>
<li>Passion for customer success and dedication to championing the customer voice</li>
<li>Excellent communication skills</li>
<li>Willingness to travel up to 50% of the time</li>
</ul>